Abstract
Åbo Akademi University
Master's Degree Programme in Biomedical Imaging
Faculty of Science and Engineering
DOROTEJA BEDNJANEC:

Targeted Sequence Delivery
Platform with ROS- Response for
the Treatment of Osteoarthritis

Master’s thesis, 55 pp.
Faculty of Science and Engineering
May, 2021

Arthritis is a common problem affecting elderly people today. One specific form of
arthritis is osteoarthritis, caused by lubrication deficiency at the joint surface. Due to
genetics, aging, stress factors, or accidents, the cartilage layer breaks down causing
inflammation of the joint. When no cartilage surrounds the bone, neighboring bones
scratch each other and cause pain. To prevent and slow down those events, nanomedicine
has become a popular field of study and research. The main objective of this research was
to develop targeted drug delivery method for treating osteoarthritis using, small nano- and
micro- compositions. Another important objective was to find a way for the composition
with the lubricated surface, to target damaged tissue. The core of the built nanoparticle was
Cerium oxide (CeO2), surrounded by a mesoporous silica nanoparticle (MSN) shell. Using
microfluidics, the drug Agomir874 was loaded within core-shell nanoparticles, and then
surrounded by the PEO-b-PFMA microparticles. The polymer contained collagen IgG2,
for antibody-antigen binding to improve the elasticity of the joint. Finally, the drug 5-ASA
was inserted within polymer in order to reduce inflammation in the damaged tissue. As the
PEO-b-PFMA particles were diluted, the right solvent was needed to be found in order for
the polymer particles to stay stable. In the future, with the help of different imaging
techniques, it will be possible to determine how much drug is loaded within the particle
and whether the drug loading of the particles is successful.

KEYWORDS: Cartilage, Chip, Drug delivery, Nanoparticle, Microfluidic device,
Polymer

ABBREVIATIONS
AgNO3

Nitric acid

Au NR’s

Gold Nanorods

Ce(NO3)3 Cerium Nitrate
CeO2 NP

Cerium Oxide nanoparticle

CH2Cl2

Dichloromethane

cm3/g

Centimeter cubed per gram

CTAB

Cetyl trimethylammonium bromide

ECM

Etracellular matrix

Etax

Ethanol

g

gram

HAuCl4

Chloroauric acid

HC6H7O6 Ascorbic acid
HCl

Hydrochloric acid

mol

mole

nmol

nanomol

mg

milligram

mg/mL

milligrams per milliliter

mL

milliliter

mL/h

milliliter per hour

mmol

mili mols per liter

MSN

Mesoporius silica nanoparticle

NaBH4

Sodium Borohydride

NIR

near-infrared

nm

nanometer

nm2

square nanometer

OA

OsteoarthritisF

PEO

Poly (ethylene oxide)

PEO-b-PFMA
PH

Potential of Hydrogen

Pluronic F127
copolymer

Poly(ethylene oxide)-b-poly(furfuryl methacrylate)

poly(ethylene oxide)-poly(propylene oxide)-poly(ethylene oxide) triblock

ROS

reactive oxygen species

RPM

revolutions per minute

SEM

scanning electron microscope

TEM

transmission electron microscope

TEOS

Tetraethyl orthosilicate

μL

microliters

5-ASA

5-aminosaliclic acid

o

Celsius

C

Contents
1

INTRODUCTION ...................................................................................................................... 1

2

LITERATURE REVIEW ........................................................................................................... 3
2.1

Background and Significance ............................................................................................. 3

2.2

Osteoarthritis (OA) ............................................................................................................ 4

2.3

Cartilage............................................................................................................................. 5

2.4

Mesoporous silica nanoparticles (MSN) ............................................................................ 6

2.5

Core-shell particles ............................................................................................................ 8

2.6

Drug delivery...................................................................................................................... 9

2.7

5-aminosalicylic acid ....................................................................................................... 10

2.8

Gold nanorods .................................................................................................................. 11

2.9

Polymer coating of the particles ...................................................................................... 12

2.10

Microfluidic Device .......................................................................................................... 13

3

HYPOTHESIS AND AIMS ..................................................................................................... 17

4

MATERIALS AND METHODS ............................................................................................. 19
4.1

Construction of the microfluidic chip ............................................................................... 19

4.2 Synthesis of cerium oxide nanoparticles .............................................................................. 21
4.3 Synthesis of cerium oxide within MSN ................................................................................... 22
4.4 Extraction of synthesized Cerium Oxide within MSN ............................................................ 22
4.5 Synthesis of PEO-b-PFMA ..................................................................................................... 23
4.6 Optimization for PEO-b-PFMA microparticle formation ...................................................... 24
4.7 Optimization for coating CeO2 within MSN with PEO-b-PFMA ........................................... 25
4.8 Optimization for adding 5-ASA drug to the mixture .............................................................. 26
4.9 The synthesis of the gold nanorods ........................................................................................ 26
4.10 Optimization for creating final microparticles..................................................................... 27
4.11

Microscopy ....................................................................................................................... 28

4.12

Image analyses ................................................................................................................. 29

5

RESULTS................................................................................................................................. 37

6

DISCUSSION .......................................................................................................................... 46

7

CONCLUSION ........................................................................................................................ 49

8

ACKNOWLEDGES ................................................................................................................. 50

9

REFERENCES ......................................................................................................................... 51

1 INTRODUCTION
Osteoarthritis is a common condition impacting millions of people worldwide
(Wittenauer et al., 2013). This occurs when there is a lubrication deficiency of the joint
surface, causing cartilage breakdown which leads to pain and movement limitation at the
joint. As science has progressed, nanomedicine has become a popular field of research, as
it provides the potential for new ways to treat and prevent diseases such as osteoarthritis.
This can be done by using micro- and nano-composites to develop targeted drug delivery
methods. This project focused on developing a specific drug delivery system at the
nanoscopic scale for treating osteoarthritis.
Each micro- and nano- composites were chosen for the specific task, and to be able to
perform as unity, without damaging the living cells and to reduce the pain and
inflammation for the treatment of osteoarthritis. Figure 1 explains the building blocks of
the composites in the project, as well as their geometric location.

Figure 1. This is a brief overview of the drug delivery system designed for this project. The first drug,
Agomir874, is inserted to the CeO2 within MSN nanoparticles, which are comprised of CeO2 core and MSN
shell. These CeO2 within MSN nanoparticles were then coated with PEO-b-PFMA microparticles, known

1

also as the polymer, for lubrication. Within this polymer, Au nanorods and 5-ASA drug were inserted.
Collagen IgG2 was attached to the CeO2 within the MSN nanoparticles, to bind with collagen from the joints
(Created with BioRender.com).

Cerium oxide nanoparticles (CeO2 NP`s) were the core of the particle, surrounded with
the mesoporous silica shell (MSN). The CeO2 core was chosen in order to reduce the
inflammation, while the MSN shell due to regeneration and easy manipulated surface
(Hosseini and Mozafari, 2020). Within core and shell, the drug Agomir874 was loaded.
This specific drug was chosen due to possibility to mimic miRNA function to regulate
gene expression of wanted genes. Agomir874 was a perfect candidate because of the good
stability and the possibility to penetrate the cell membrane barriers to reach the target
(Catalanotto et al., 2016).
The nanocomposites were coated within the Poly (ethylene oxide)-b-poly (furfuryl
methacrylate) (PEO-b-PFMA) microparticles. This polymer makes the surface of the drug
delivery particle smooth and lubricated, to prevent tissue damage. The PEO-b-PFMA
responds to the reactive oxygen species (ROS), found in inflamed joint part, to make
targeting possible. Finally, it releases the drug with near-infrared light exposure (Salma et
al., 2018).
Within the PEO-b-PFMA microparticles, collagen IgG2 was attached to the surface of
the CeO2 coated with the MSN nanoparticles to form antibody-antigen binding to the main
component in the cartilage, collagen II to improve elasticity of the joint.
Beside CeO2 within MSN found within PEO-b-PFMA microparticles, there was
another component coated, 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA). This drug is usually used to
treat inflammatory diseases and healing the damaged tissue. It is chemically related to
aspirin and it stimulates different nuclear receptors which are responsible for control of the
inflammation and cell development (Perrotta et al., 2015).
For the photothermal responsive imaging purposes, gold nanorods (Au nanorods), were
coated within polymer as well. Au nanorods have good biocompatibility, low toxicity, and
controllable surface chemical properties (Haine and Niidome, 2017). The photothermal
effect of the nanorods plays an important role in information recording.
As described above, the particles built supposed to have mentioned functions and the
exact position within polymer.

2

2 LITERATURE REVIEW
2.1 Background and Significance
Osteoarthritis (OA), also called a joint disease, is a common problem today associated
with aging. OA is a type of disease that affects joint cartilage, causing neighboring bones
to rub simultaneously. This result in inflammation of joint and surrounded tissue, which
causes pain, stiffness, and difficulties performing any kind of movement (Loscalzo, 2011).
This chronic disease can affect all joints, ranging from the smaller ones, such as joints in
fingers, to the bigger ones, such as hip and spine joints. OA mostly occurs in the older
population, but due to trauma, injury, diabetes, obesity, or genetic predisposition, it can
also affect younger patients (Blagojevic et al., 2010). While OA is more common in
women, around 15% of all adults over 60 years of age carry some level of the disease. The
United Nations, predicted around 130 million people will deteriorate from OA in next 30
years (WHO, 2013).
To prevent and reduce the symptoms of OA, medications and surgeries are necessary.
It is possible to reduce the symptoms by exercising if the OA is showing light symptoms if
movement in the joint is not limited or painful (Hunter and Eckstein, 2009). However, as
age increases, exercise often becomes limited, and the only treatment options are
medications or surgery. For this reason, OA remains a common topic of different research
projects. If the patient seeks medical help for limited and painful movements, it will be
examined with an MRI scan and X-ray, however, it can still be difficult to distinguish
weather a patient has the disease or not. If the specialist determines that the patient has the
disease, then the patient can be treated with medications to prevent the pain, but if the case
is more critical, surgery is needed. While, there are options available to reduce the
symptoms, there is still no product that can completely cure or prevent OA (Grässel and
Muschter, 2020).
In order to advance the monitoring of the OA and improve treatment options, the
development of medications to reverse the progression of the disease will be necessary.
The following project was planned, and this specific design was selected because of the
intra-articular drug delivery proven to be the most useful from the previous research. But,
for the system to be therapeutic, the efficiency of the drug delivery system is crucial. Due

3

to that reason, for this therapy, synthesis of a complicated system is necessary (Singh and
Lillard, 2009).

2.2 Osteoarthritis (OA)
The most frequent form of arthritis is osteoarthritis (OA). It is a joint disease affecting
around 250 million people in the world (Mora et al., 2018b). This disease mainly affects
the elderly; however it can affect young people as well, due to certain preexisting
conditions, such as obesity and diabetes. Other stress factors causing OA are shock factors
due to injury, continuing to perform everyday activities before the recovery of the injury,
etc. Due to an increase in obesity and diabetes cases in the world, the number of
osteoarthritis cases rises simultaneously, and the number will continue to rise in the future
(Wittenauer et al., 2013).
Joints are comprised of many parts including cartilage, bones, ligaments, and a
synovial membrane. When there is not enough lubrication in the joint, the movement of the
joint becomes limited and painful, which are the signs of OA.
OA can be divided into two groups based on the cause; non-traumatic (primary), and
traumatic (secondary). It is proven today that OA is caused by factors such as
inflammation, trauma, biochemical reactions, and mechanical forces. In the early stage of
the disease, as cartilage is not capable of producing pain or inflammation, pain comes from
changes in the non-cartilage part of the joint. As the disease proceeds, the cartilage is
affected, as well as the entire joint, and changes occur in the form of bone remodeling,
muscle dystrophy, and other adverse effects shown in the figure 2 (Mora et al., 2018a).
As the disease progresses, the inflammation can be divided into chronic and low-grade
inflammation. In the early stages of the disease, the aggression of inflammatory cells into
synovium, known as synovitis, is found. Then, synovial fluid inflammatory mediators are
established, such as plasma proteins, leukotrienes, cytokines, growth factors, nitric oxide,
and complement components. All of these factors result in cartilage breakdown and
collagen demolition (Mora et al., 2018a).
Another factor involved in the progression of OA are white blood cells. In the animal
models, it was proven that macrophages were connected with the process of forming the
OA (Mora et al., 2018a) . Certain molecules released as part of a protective mechanism
during the extracellular matrix (ECM) division are acknowledged by the inherent immune
cells, leading to tissue demolition.
4

With various factors contributing to the progression of OA, it is important to find a
suitable, non-surgical treatment of the disease. Despite OA being one of the most studied
diseases in research, it still does not have the most effective treatment. The therapy for
early-stage OA is exercise, which is recommended by the medical expertise. Exercise helps
to delay the disease progression, but it does not cure or reverse it (Mora et al., 2018a).

Figure 2. Changes occurring in form of bone remodeling , as progression of OA. Figure shows a healthy
knee joint to the left, and a knee joint with osteoarthritis to the right, where loss of cartilage is present
(Created with BioRender.com)

2.3 Cartilage
To treat OA, it is important to understand the biology and functions of cartilage first.
There are different types of cartilage in the human body; elastic, hyaline, and
fibrocartilaginous cartilage (Naumann et al., 2002). The differentiation comes from their
molecular structure.
The primary form of cartilage is hyaline cartilage. As part of the hyaline cartilage
group, articular cartilage is divided into four zones; the superficial, transitional, radial, and
calcified zones. In the calcified zone, cartilage is in a coalition with a bone. These zones
differentiate by the organization of the collagen network, as well as in the amount and type
of proteoglycans (Mora et al., 2018a).
5

Type II collagen is the main compound of healthy articular cartilage. The main
proteoglycan present in the cartilage is aggrecan, but some other proteoglycans present in
cartilage include syndecans, glypican, decorin, and biglycan (Wittenauer et al., 2013).
Endochondral ossification is a process of creating a bone tissue with the presence of
cartilage. It occurs during development and bone healing. This process occurs during
development of the articular cartilage, and takes place through four steps (Mackie et al.,
2008). The first step includes chondrogenesis differentiation and mesenchymal
condensations, where mesenchymal chondroprogenitor cells separate into chondrocytes
and the chondroitin tissues. Then, the differentiation of chondrocytes and hypertrophy
occurs. This differentiation is essential in cartilage formation. It plays an important role
after the cartilage is replaced by the bone, where chondrocytes continue to separate. The
final two steps are mineralization of the matrix and formation of bone (Umlauf et al.,
2010).
During bone formation, blood vessels occupy the cartilage, starting from the
perichondrium. Hypertrophic chondrocytes start to mineralize the extracellular matrix of
the perichondrum. The development of the definitive bone matrix is possible with the help
of mineralizing osteoblasts and osteoclasts that move into the remodeling cartilage
(Umlauf et al., 2010).
Specific development roles of the cartilage are still poorly understood. However,
endochondral ossification and chondrocyte differentiation play the main role in have been
mostly studied cartilage development. The connection between osteoarthritis and cartilage
development has been studied, as it is believed that similar processes are involved at the
beginning and progression of the OA (Mackie et al., 2008).

2.4 Mesoporous silica nanoparticles (MSN)
Particles varying in size between 10 nm and 1000 nm are called nanoparticles. They
can be used as drug carriers, where they are loaded with drugs or antigens and release them
at specific location under specific conditions. They are perfect for drug delivery because
they control release of the drug to the targeted area. NPs, are often coated with a polymer,
to improve the delivery and reduce side effects (Mohanraj and Chen, 2006).
The most commonly used nanoparticle is mesoporous silica nanoparticle (MSN). In the
last decade, MSN gained attention for its possibility to adjust and control its chemical and
6

physical properties. As it contains hundreds of empty channels, MSN appears to have
porous surface. As shown in figure 3, MSN has a high surface area and suitable porevolume ratio, making it a perfect candidate for drug delivery. A drug can be easily
encapsulated in the nanoparticle, while the size of the particle is strictly controlled. MSN
contains silanol (Si-OH) in high amounts on its surface, which allows MSN to attract
different polar molecules. This ability is important because the attracted polar molecules
can change surface properties of MSN and its application in drug delivery (Douroumis et
al., 2013).
Particle size and distribution are important characteristics in drug delivery
compositions. The goal is to control the nanoparticle properties and drug release to achieve
better results. An important factor for controlling drug release is pore size. The pore size
controls the absorption of molecules in MSN matrix by selectively loading drug molecules,
which precisely shows the amount of the drug released. The pore size can vary from 2-10
nm and can be adjusted by changing the surface chain length (Al-snafi, 2014). As the MSN
pore size is uniform and adjustable, this allows for molecules of various sizes to be
absorbed. The release and drug loading kinetics of different pore sizes showed the impact
of the pore sizes on drug release. For an example, different pH- sensitive gatekeepers were
able to release the drug only in the targeted site, not affecting the healthy cells, where
smaller molecules of MSN were able to stay longer in the blood circulation, and transfer
faster comparing to larger molecules. (Douroumis et al., 2013).
The pore surface of MSN controls the dosage of the drug within MSN matrix. Surface
area plays a critical role in drug delivery; larger surface areas, lead to higher drug
absorption within the matrix of MSN. By modifying the surface of MSN it is possible to
increase or decrease the surface area, thereby adjusting the drug dosage and release (Jafari
et al., 2019).
The pore volume on the surface of MSN controls drug loading. The volume varies
from 0.9 cm3/g to 2/0 cm3/g. High drug amounts absorbed into the MSN matrix indicate a
larger pore volume. There are interactions with drug molecules and the pore surface as
well as molecules within MSN matrix. Connections within molecules can be weak and
lead to guest molecules to enter the matrix, which could lead to unwanted molecules within
MSN, taking the space for the wanted drug loading. To prevent the guest molecules from

7

entering, it is important to control the pore volume to indicate the drug amount absorbed
(Douroumis et al., 2013).
Nanoparticles are prepared from various materials, such as proteins or polymers. It is
important to use non-toxic materials when developing drug delivery systems. MSN has
been proven to be very biocompatible and non-toxic in humans (Douroumis et al., 2013).
The preparation of MSN depends on desired size, delivery of the drug, surface
characteristics, and biodegradability. MSN is a stable nanoparticle, with excellent thermal
and chemical properties. Both the inside and outside of the particle are easily controlled to
fit necessary expectations for the desired drug (Zhou et al., 2018).
Monitoring drug release from MSN systems is done with the help of fluorescein dyes,
such as fluorescein, Texas red, and rhodamine B. These guest molecules control the gateopening trigger which decides when and how much drug will be released to living cells
(Douroumis et al., 2013).

Figure 3. Mesoporous silica used in cancer therapy applications, gene delivery, and to deliver poorly soluble
drugs due to its high surface area and suitable pore-volume ratio (Created with BioRender.com).

2.5 Core-shell particles
The particles used for drug delivery were core-shell systems, also known as core-shell
composites. These systems are made of a core and a shell, each built from different
materials with varying functions, depending on the loaded drug (Galogahi et al., 2020).
8

The reason core-shell composites are widely used in drug delivery systems is due to
their potential in different fields such as bioimaging, controlled drug release, tissue
engineering, and different disease treatments. This versatility among different fields made
core-shell particles a highly-researched topic over past decades (He et al., 2015).
A common material used for composition shell is MSN. This is due to their high
surface area, controllable diameter of pores, uniform mesoporosity, biocompatibility,
surface friction, ability to control core size, and its thickness. These features allow
researchers to build desired composites and fill them with a desired drug. For the drugloaded particle to be released in the system, there must be stimuli which will activate the
drug release. MSN has many different possibilities to open nanopores, such as temperature,
PH, enzymes, light, redox activation and competitive binding, in order to let the drug
molecules in the targeted cells (He et al., 2015).
The synthesis of the core-shell system is usually done through a multiple-step process,
where the core is synthesized first, followed by the shell. The process depends on the
morphology and materials used. The goal of these core-shell systems is to produce a stable
particle with biocompatible properties (Hayes et al., 2014).
A good core composite of core-shell system is cerium oxide nanoparticle (CeO2)
surrounded by MSN, as was used in this project as the drug delivery system. The synthesis
is a two-step process, as described above. The CeO2 is widely used as a therapeutic agent
in reducing the inflammation and in treatment for oxidative stress-associated chronic
diseases. It is nontoxic to living cells, with the capability to disable many reactive oxygen
species (ROS) correlated with causing different diseases (Cooper et al., 2014).

2.6 Drug delivery
Drug delivery is the process of transporting and releasing a drug to a targeted tissue or
organ by nanoparticles. The drug release is performed under controllable conditions,
meaning that the drug needs to be released at a certain point in time under specific
conditions (Peppas and Narasimhan, 2014). If the drug release is premature or delayed, it
can cause problems in disease treatment. Every drug delivery particle needs to have a
controllable point, where it does not release the drug in order to protect healthy cells, in
order to target only diseased cells. If the drug release would be rapid and constant in the
body, this would lead to dangerous consequences (Cooper et al., 2014).
9

When the drug-loaded particles are in the body, messengers are helping to deliver them
to the targeted cells. In order to reach targeted cells, chemical and physical properties of
the drug delivery systems need to be satisfied. As described already, nanoparticles provide
many adjustable parameters, and the structure can be designed for optimal drug
encapsulation, such as, the size and polymer coating for the nanoparticle. The
nanoparticles in the project were built under specific procedures, as they had to be uniform
and of a certain size (He et al., 2015).
Particle size is one of the most important factors in a drug delivery system. The
nanoparticle size can affect the distribution of the drug within nanoparticles, affecting the
efficiency of the drug (De Jong and Borm, 2008). Antibodies bind to any foreign molecule
and build the immune system. Using smaller nanoparticles decreases the chances of them
to bind to antibodies in the blood, meaning smaller nanoparticles have a higher chance to
deliver the drug to the wanted area without unnecessary interference. Tissue uptake of the
nanoparticles is higher as the size of nanoparticles is smaller (Han, 2016). Another
important factor affecting the biological properties of the nanoparticles is their shape. The
uniform shape of nanoparticles increases the binding probability, drug delivery, and cell
uptake due to greater prevalence in the blood stream and the body. Therefore, using
smaller nanoparticles with a uniform the shape lead to more successful results (Cooper et
al., 2014).

2.7 5-aminosalicylic acid
The drug tested in this experiment is 5-ASA, and it is thought to be anti-inflammatory
because it reduces inflammation in the damaged tissue at the metabolic level (Xu et al.,
2004). It is attracted to ROS, which are present in inflamed joint, therefore it is expected to
target the OA site and reduce inflammation.
5-ASA has low solubility in the water and, when inserted in the blood circulation, will
not dissolve until it reaches the targeted cells. In the occurrence of OA, the number of ROS
is increased in the inflamed joint area. Knowing this, it is possible to conclude that 5-ASA,
anti-inflammatory drug, would target the affected joint area, due to increased number of
ROS (Askelof and Helander, 1992).
In recent years, there have been new 5-ASA drug discoveries, with improved
pharmacodynamic and pharmacokinetic properties for the treatment of different diseases.
Chemical and physical properties of the 5-ASA structure include low solubility in water,
10

and the physical structure is determined by the temperature, meaning that the drug would
not dissolve in the blood, and would not be spread all over the healthy cells, just the
targeted area, under certain temperature (Abdu Allah and A El Shorbagi, 2016).
If the 5-ASA drug is inserted in the body by itself, it creates instable environment by
having low solubility in unwanted area affecting the healthy cells as well (El-Dairi and
House, 2019). Due to these circumstances, scientists are focused on minimizing the
solubility rate of the 5-ASA drug and extending the absorption time causing no harm to the
body, maintaining the high drug concentration. The tested drug satisfies mentioned
conditions, if it is a part of the microparticle carrier system. When it is encapsulated within
molecule, 5-ASA stays longer in the blood, does not damage healthy cells, and creates
stable environment.
Due to the lack of the solubility of 5-ASA, patients need to take high doses to fulfill the
effect of the drug. Due to those high doses, patients face many reactions and side effects,
such as vomiting, fever, headache and even eating disorders. To resolve complications,
biocompatible drug carriers are used for targeted drug delivery to control the release and
minimize side effects (Abdu Allah and A El Shorbagi, 2016).
In the project, 5-ASA was added to the micro compositions made of CeO2 core and
MSN shell, coated with a PEO-b-PFMA. By using nanoparticles loaded with the drug, it
was expected that the drug would go to the targeted area and release 5-ASA drug without
any harm to the healthy tissue, with minimal side effects (Abdu Allah and A El Shorbagi,
2016).

2.8 Gold nanorods
Gold nanorods are new, promising gold nanoparticles for drug delivery systems. Due
to their strong absorption in near-infrared (NIR) light region, gold nanorods have strong
photothermal effects, as well properties such as reduced photobleaching effect, making
them widely used for bioimaging applications. The reactivity of particles could be
improved by controlling the optical properties, size, and shape of gold nanorods. With
these properties, it is of great interest to construct a drug release system where the release
can be controlled with this metal (Huang et al., 2009).
Gold nanorods play an important role in drug delivery and in targeting desired tissue
area due to their nano-scale. Gold nanorods can be absorbed by visible NIR depending on
their shape and size, and have high surface area, making them ideal nanocarriers (Arvizo et
11

al., 2010). The desired size enables targeting wanted region of interest, as well as
possibility of longer lifetime for imaging. Due to those properties, they are used in
photothermal responsive therapy, and as a bioimaging agent. It is possible to locate
nanorods in the complex areas in the body, such tissue parts containing different cell types,
so they are an ideal candidate for the targeted drug delivery (Huang et al., 2009).
The gold nanorods constructed in this project were polymer-coated. The function of
polymer was to act as a drug reservoir, where the drug was not prematurely released, or it
was released at the minimum level. Another reason of polymer coating was to smoothen
the surface of the particle so it would not damage tissues (Haine and Niidome, 2017).

2.9 Polymer coating of the particles
The rapid development of nanotechnology and its use in drug delivery is widely
applicable and can be adjusted as needed to fit different project aims. The high surface
area, surface energy, and the small size of the particles, lead to a need of adaption with
the specific chemical and physical properties. The properties such as the lubricated
surface, biocompatibility, and ability to bind to targeted molecules, in order to fit the
project goals. Coating nanoparticles for drug- delivery systems with the thin, but
functional polymer needs to be performed to control the drug release (Liechty et al.,
2010). Polymer thickness can affect the drug release by preventing the drug to exit the
microparticle system if it is too thick. A suitable polymer is needed to fit experimental
needs, such as control of how much and when a drug will be released. Polymer coating
of nano- and micro- particles can be challenging due to the size of particles (Wang et
al., 2004).
The polymer of interest in coating of particles in the project was poly (ethylene
oxide)-b-poly (furfuryl methacrylate) (PEO-b-PFMA). This exact polymer has an
advantage of controlled drug release, not affecting the tissue. The lubricated smooth
surface does not damage the living cells. Controllable physical and chemical properties
of PEO-b-PFMA allow researchers to get the wanted results in the relatively short time
period. Using microfluidics in droplet production of polymer, allow the control of the
polymer synthesis under live time microscopy.
The main benefit of PEO-b-PFMA as a part of drug delivery system is that effect
on a healthy tissue is minimal. Because of NIR light, the control of the light-responsive
12

drug release is possible. That way the amount of the drug released is controlled, and
there is no excessive amount of drug released which can damage the tissue. NIR is less
damaging for the tissue, so frequently used for in vivo therapy. Usually gold nanorods
are encapsulated with PEO-b-PFMA polymer, which represents photothermal agents
and trigger the drug release (Salma et al., 2018).
The challenge to coat particles is their small nano- and micro- size. By using
microfluidics, opens different possibilities (Mazetyte‐Stasinskiene and Köhler, 2020).
The needed modification of the particle surface, by polymer coating, allows researchers
to try different methods. Finding suitable method can be a time consuming, but once
the perfect method is decided, the process of encapsulation is fast. This new way of
controlling physical and chemical properties of the surface for the targeted drug
delivery system, is getting more accepting in the future research in drug delivery.

2.10

Microfluidic Device

The combination of different fields such as chemistry, biochemistry, biology, physics,
nanotechnology and biotechnology represents one of the most common areas associated
with the drug delivery and pharmacokinetics which is called microfluidics. It is closely
related to optofluidics because of constant uses of optics and imaging devices to
manipulate fluids on nano- and micro- scale (Zhao et al., 2020).
Microfluidics allows possibility of developing complicated experiments under live
microscopy on a chip. The benefit of using microfluidics is that the smaller amount of
chemicals is needed to perform the experiment, which makes them more affordable. By
using smaller amount of chemicals, the experiment process is shorter, which is one of the
most important criterion in drug delivery.
The microfluidic device enables the precise handling of a liquid with the help of
miniaturized capillary networks. The platform contains PHD ULTRATM Syringe pumps
shown in figure 4. The platform controls the number of chemicals used by push-pull
controls. One pump contains two racks, one for the inner and one for the outer fluid
inserted in the syringes. Under the high pressure, desired nanoparticles can be loaded with
a drug.
Finding different pump speeds for the inner and outer syringe is the only tricky part of
using the microfluidic pumps. Usually, the outer syringe uses a higher speed, around 30-40
13

mL/hour. The inner syringe containing nanoparticles uses a slower releasing speed, around
2-5 mL/hour. Deciding what speed to use is important, because it defines droplet size and
how nanoparticles will be loaded with the drug. It is important to try different pump speeds
and then image the final drug-loaded nanoparticles using TEM. If the product size and
appearance are satisfactory, it means the pump speed was set correctly (Beebe et al., 2002).

Figure 4. Representation of the microfluidic device, containing two pumps for pumping fluids inside the
chip, and a high-speed camera microscope for observing droplet progress. (Created with BioRender.com)

The experiment is taking place inside the chip. The design of the chip can be
constructed in the laboratory by the researcher depending on the wanted final results.
Every experiment requires a specific kind of a chip. There is another possibility to
purchase different kinds of chips from some companies, but it is costly. All chips have an
expiration date, after certain amount of experiments preformed, they get damaged. It is
necessary to replace them so the final results are not affected.
Before constructing the chip, it is important to consider some effects to obtain the
wanted results, and to predict how the chip workflow should behave, therefore the
understanding of physics is required. The important effects that should be taken under
consideration are surface to volume ratio, tension, fluidic resistance, diffusion, and the
most important, laminar flow (Beebe et al., 2002).
Using microfluidic pumps to push fluids inside the chip applying force direct fluids
flow to be almost always laminar. Laminar flow represented in the figure 5a, shows the
state in which fluids flow is not considered random, flows in parallel layers with no
14

disruption between them. To mix two or more fluids, diffusion is necessary. Laminar flow
gives the possibility to create flows that maintain the wanted formation allowing the
production of droplets inside solution. By using microfluidics, it is possible to control the
speed of the fluids, the size of the droplets and their properties (Jokinen, 2017).

5a

5b

Figure 5a Laminar flow in a capillary, which is one of the most important effects in the microfluidic system.
(Created with BioRender.com)
Figure 5b Turbulent flow with high momentum convection (Created with BioRender.com)

To control if the droplets are similar size, as well as what amount of inner and outer
fluid to use during the syringe injection and mixing, a high-speed digital microscope is
used. Image 1 was taken with the Meros High-Speed Digital Microscope, designed for
microfluidics and used for observing droplets during high-speed droplet production (Snp
and Reagent). High-resolution imaging is possible with the advantage of the short exposure
time. It is possible to connect the microscope to the computer screen to make images or
videos of the droplet formation. The use of the microfluidic platform enables control of the
droplet size, even distribution, and the speed of mixing inner and outer fluid.

15

Image 1. Droplet formation inside microchip visible from the live time microscope.

Taking into consideration all physics concepts previously mentioned, it is possible
to construct the laboratory on the chip and manipulate fluid flows on microscale levels.
Microfluidic systems bring significant meaning for the use of bioparticles in clinical
diagnostics where time is essential (Zhao et al., 2020).
The Microfluidic system is closely related to optical imaging. The importance of
live microscopy is significant and gives the possibility to track the droplet making
progress, as well as constant monitoring during experiments. The combination of live optic
images and microfluidic machine gives a low-cost solution (Zhang et al., 2011).

16

3 HYPOTHESIS AND AIMS
The process of drug delivery gained a lot of interest in the last decade, as new research
opened the door for new possibilities and information on this topic. Drug delivery is the
procedure of transporting and releasing a drug to a targeted area. This can be done using
nanoparticles, which have also gained interest in the scientific research field, as
nanoparticles have controllable properties and allow for easy modification. Drug delivery
systems made of nanoparticles, allow researchers to perform drug release under specific
conditions. Drug systems can be modified to target a desired area, without damaging
surrounding healthy cells.
While drug systems composed of nanoparticles offer many benefits, there are
limitations to synthesize them. Limitations could be that syntheses are time consuming and
produced particles may fuse, which is leading to a need for optimizing the synthesis
process. Another limitation includes optimizing the amount of the drug used. It is
necessary to find the right drug-to-nanoparticle ratio. If there is too much or too little drug
in the nanoparticle, the drug will not be beneficial for the treatment. A suitable and
functional polymer that does not interfere with nanoparticles must be found, to protect
surrounding healthy cells when delivering the drug to the targeted area. These often timeconsuming challenges must be addressed and optimized in order to develop a functional
drug delivery system.
One way to begin optimizing the synthesis of drug delivery systems includes using
microfluidic systems as a drug loading systems. Using such system allows for easy
manipulation of fluids used during the synthesis on nano- and micro- scale. Building drug
delivery systems using a microfluidics system is done by using a small chip, where two
fluids are pumped inside with different pump speeds, producing droplets. By using
microfluidic system, smaller amounts of chemicals are needed, making experiments more
affordable. Using live microscopy makes it possible to control the droplet production in the
chip. Microfluidics allows for a bulk production of nano- and micro- particles, making the
process time efficient.
The same microfluidics method is also used to load desired drug into the CeO2 within
MSN nanoparticles. By manipulating the pump speeds for the different fluids, it is possible
to load the drug to make the functional drug carriers.
17

The final step producing a drug delivery system is to coat the synthesized nanoparticles
with the suitable polymer. Loaded nanoparticles can be added to desired polymer pallet
with the pipette.
The aim of the study was to optimize drug delivery systems to deliver the drug to treat
OA by controlling chemical and physical properties of microparticles. By optimizing
different amounts of the inserted drug, the thickness of the polymer and the size of the
CeO2 within MSN nanoparticles, it was hypothesized that this would make an ideal
nanoparticle drug delivery system. In the future research, built microparticles can be tested
in vivo to monitor how the drug works, and how fast delivering the drug to sites of OA will
lead to decrease the inflammation.

18

4 MATERIALS AND METHODS
4.1 Construction of the microfluidic chip
Drug development with the microfluidic technology has rapidly expanded in recent
years. The microfluidic chips provide a new understanding of drug research, making
experiments more affordable and less time consuming. The possibility of constructing the
chip for usage in the droplet production, gives the chance to control all the factors needed
for the successful experiment (Cui and Wang, 2019).
To conduct drug encapsulation within nano- and micro- particles, the application of
microfluidic chips is necessary. The microfluidic chip is built using set guidelines,
depending on the function of the drug delivery system. The chips used for the study
contain glass borosilicate capillaries, through which fluids flow. The inner thinner
capillary, with the diameter of 1.1 mm, is inserted in the thicker capillary, with the
diameter 1.56 mm. The difference between diameters provides wanted capacity for the
mixture of fluids. The difference between capillary sizes is also important for controlling
the fluid droplet size and flow inside the chip.
The chip production was performed in the laboratory inside hood to prevent external
agents from interfere with work, as shown in image 2. The equipment for constructing the
chip included glass capillaries, black sandpaper, diamond cutter, Devcon 5 Minute Epoxy
glue hardener, a PN-30 Magnetic Glass Microelectrode Horizontal Needle Puller, syringe
cups, tweezers, and a gas torch flame gun.

19

Image 2. The chip production area inside the hood with all necessary equipment to prevent external agents
from interfering with work.

The inner capillary was separated with a PN-30 Magnetic Glass Microelectrode
Horizontal Needle Puller (Narishige, Tokyo, Japan). This device is capable of separating
glass capillaries in two parts using a heat source and a magnetic puller, separating the inner
capillary into two smaller conoidal parts. The separation was possible due to the heater
which uses platinum plate to heat the glass. The magnetic puller, using the electromagnetic
force, pulled the glass capillary in the opposite direction. The glass capillary was separated
at the exact point where the heating was performed (One Digital Drive, 2018). One of the
capillary parts was then used to shape the droplet size. To do this, the capillary was gently
scraped with the black sandpaper at the conoidal end to create an opening. The scraping
was monitored using a light microscope. This opening formed the droplets within the chip.
The thicker outer capillary is longer than the inner capillary. Metal tubes are
inserted and glued in the outer capillary at the glass surface using the Devcon 5 Minute
Epoxy glue hardener to hold the tubes in on the glass surface and prevent the leakage of
the fluids. For the glue to harden, 24 hour drying was necessary. The outer capillary was
then cut and glued at certain places to prevent mixing of the fluids. Figure 6 shows these
cut openings at two places. The first opening was cut at the outer glass capillary, right after
the metal tube. The function of this opening was to prevent the backflow of the fluids after
mixing inside the chip. The second opening was cut within the syringe tip in the middle of
the chip. Its function was to open up the passage for the outer fluid to be delivered within
the chip. Both openings were glued to prevent the fluid spillage and to keep the capillaries
on the glass surface.

20

Figure 6. Replica of the chip used in the project (Created with BioRender.com). The chip contains two
openings, two metal tubes, inner and outer capillaries, and the syringe tip. Openings are pointed with arrows
and glued to the glass surface. First opening is placed right after metal tube in order to prevent leakage of
fluids within the chip. The second opening is placed under the syringe tip and acts as the passage for the
outer fluid to enter the chip.

4.2 Synthesis of cerium oxide nanoparticles
We used CeO2 NPs in the experiment as the drug carrier for targeted drug delivery.
CeO2 NPs were produced as the core of the nanoparticle, with Mesoporous silica
nanoparticles (MSN NPs) as the shell. The drug was loaded between the CeO2 core and
MSN NP shell.
The mixture process of CeO2 NPs was divided into two steps: Precipitation and
Aging. To perform the following protocol, the method by Jixiang Wang 2019 (Jixiang
Wang, 2019) was used.
For the precipitation process, 4.3 g of Ce(NO3)3 crystals (MERC, Darmstadt,
Germany ) were dissolved in 50 mL of MiliQ water, which was previously dissolved in a
100 mL round bottom flask. The solution was placed in an oil tub, warmed to 70 °C and
stirred at 500 RPM. During stirring, 3M ammonium hydroxide at a pH of 7.5 was prepared
21

by mixing 14.569 mL of ammonia solution with 10.405 mL of MiliQ water. To fix the pH
of the prepared solution to 8.6, the following procedure was performed. Ammonium
hydroxide 6 M solution was prepared by adding 1.239 mL of ammonia solution to 1.761
mL of MiliQ water, and the final product PH was 8.8. The final product was incubated for
20 hours at room temperature, and a white precipitate was formed. Next, it was necessary
to perform three centrifuges, 10 minutes each at 8,000 RPM and 21°C. The solution was
placed in the 50 mL Falcon tubes. After the first centrifuge, water was thrown away, and
replaced with 99% ethanol for the next two centrifuges. After the final centrifuge, the
product was dispersed in the MiliQ water, and stored in a 50 mL plastic tube.

4.3 Synthesis of cerium oxide within MSN
The MSN shell was synthesized following the production of the CeO2 core. In a
100 mL round bottom flask, 125 μL of CeO2 core was added, followed by 2.5 mL of MiliQ
water. The mixture was held in a sonification bath for a couple of seconds, then vortexed.
Mix 1 was prepared by adding 4.3 mL of MiliQ water with 2.9 mL of absolute ethanol, and
40 μL of ammonia. The previously prepared CeO2 core solution was mixed with the mix 1
to form mix 2. The solution was placed in the sonification bath for 30 minutes and was
vortexed occasionally. Mix 3 was prepared by adding 40 mg of CTAB in 660 μL of MiliQ
water and 300 μL of absolute ethanol. Mix 3 was combined with mix 2 The final mixture
was placed in the sonification bath for another 30 minutes. During the five minutes of
sonification, 80 μL of TEOS was added. The mixture was stirred overnight at the speed of
450 RPM, and then stored in a plastic tube.

4.4 Extraction of synthesized Cerium Oxide within MSN
To extract the CeO2 NPs, the previously prepared solution described above was
placed in centrifuge tubes. The tubes were centrifuged three times for 10 minutes, at a
speed of 12,000 RPM and 22 °C temperature. Before each centrifuge, the product was
dispersed in the absolute ethanol (Etax, 99%), and placed in a sonification bath for six
minutes, and vortex for four minutes. After the final centrifuge, the product was dispersed
in 10 mL of absolute ethanol, and then analyzed under TEM. The size and appearance
were recorded (Jixiang Wang, 2019).

22

4.5 Synthesis of PEO-b-PFMA
To lubricate the surface of the drug delivery system, poly (ethylene oxide)-b-poly
(furfuryl methacrylate) (PEO-b-PFMA) was used. Preparation of the macroinitiator began
with the mixing a 0.915 g (7.5 mmol) sample of Dimethylaminopyridine (DMAP) in a
previously mixed 0.505 g (5.0 mmol) of Triethanolamine (TEA) and 20 mL of dry
methylene dichloride (CH2Cl2) in a 100 mL flask. The mixed solution was move into a 250
mL three-neck round-bottom flask. The middle neck of the flask was connected to
condenser, the right neck to a gas inlet/outlet, and the left neck was used for a dropping
funnel opening. After placing a magnetic stirrer in the flask, the temperature was set to
0oC. After cooling the solution, 2.875 g (12.5 mmol) of α-bromoisobutyryl bromide
previously mixed in 20 mL of CH2Cl2 was added. Then next step was to form a yellow
dispersion by adding 25 g (5 mmol) of Poly (ethylene oxide) (PEO) in 100 mL of dry
CH2Cl2 dropwise during the time period of 1 hour. Dry nitrogen gas was connected to the
right inlet/outlet gas neck of the flask, and light stirring was performed. Afterwards, the
temperature was slowly raised to 21oC. The stirring was continued for 18 hours, then, the
solution was filtered using filter paper. During filtration, half of the solvent evaporated,
while other half of the product was mixed in cold diethyl ether. Suspension of the product
in absolute ethanol was then performed. The solution was stored at the room temperature
for at least 12 hours in order to recrystallize the product, as shown in image 3. The final
product was filtered using the filter paper, and then washed again in cold diethyl ether. The
final product was then dried in a vacuum overnight (Sun et al., 2005).

23

Image 3. The white subtract which was collected after the microfluidic process of preparing PEO-b-PFMA
macroinitiator.

4.6 Optimization for PEO-b-PFMA microparticle formation
The previously- prepared PEO-b-PFMA macroinitiator was mixed with the 8%

Ethyal acetate in order to be used as the inner fluid for the microfluidics. To dilute the
percentage of the 99.5% Ethyal acetate, it was necessary to mix 8 mL of the solution with
the 92 mL of MiliQ water.
The next step was to optimize how much PEO-b-PFMA is needed for the formation
of the particles after microfluidics. This part of the project was challenging due to many
tests of different concentrations to form droplets, then microparticles. This was the first
step of three for creating the final inner fluid to form drug delivery microparticles. The
difficulty in optimization includes the many different possible combinations which should
be tested to choose the most suitable one. The loading process is the same with all different
concentration tries, with the fluid being inserted into the syringe and attached to the PHD
Ultra Advanced Programmable Syringe Pump. When the pump was activated, it pushed
the fluid into the chip, where droplets containing polymer particles are formed. The pump
was easily manipulated to adjust the desired speed. The final product was collected inside
small glass flask. Image 4 shows the microfluidic device set up in the laboratory.

Image 4. The microfluidic platform for droplet production. The platform is made of two pumps, MEROS
live microscope, and the computer screen.

24

The previously-prepared PEO-b-PFMA macroinitiator and 8% Ethyal acetate mix
was inserted in the 5 mL Becton Dickinson Plastipak syringe for inner fluid. The outer
fluid used was 1% Pluronic F127 diluted in the MiliQ water. To prepare the 1% solution, 1
g of Pluronic F127 was diluted in the 100 mL of MiliQ water. The second Becton
Dickinson Plastipak 30 mL syringe was connected to the pump as well. It was possible to
adjust the flow rate of each syringe. Finding the functional speed was the critical point in
the polymer synthesis. Different settings allow setting the speed for the inner fluid in
μL/hr, while the outer fluid setting could be μL/min. This volume per time scale setting
allowed setting up different purpose speeds, which was significant, but time consuming in
the optimization.
The goal for this part of the optimization was to figure out which fluid flow speed
to use in order to form appropriately-sized droplets containing PEO-b-PFMA polymer. The
recommended speed for the inner fluid was 2 mL/h, and for the outer fluid 40 mL/h. This
speed was the starting point of the optimization. The droplet formation was observed using
live microscopy, as described above.
When the droplets were formed and collected in the glass flask, this flask was
carefully covered with the foil and placed under the hood to avoid the external influences
as they were left overnight to become more stable. SEM was used to study the surface of
the particles in order to determine whether the particles were not dissolved, and to decide if
the microfluidic experiment was successful. TEM was also available for the imaging of the
particles, where the size was measured, and different sections of the particles were
scanned.

4.7 Optimization for coating CeO2 within MSN with PEO-b-PFMA
When the desired particle size was obtained, the product was prepared for the
coating of the previously prepared CeO2 nanoparticles. The process was performed by
adding the CeO2 pellet with the pipette to the polymer. The process needed to be performed
carefully, with gentle mixing, so the polymer particles would not end up fusing together.
This previously mentioned process presents the second step in the three-step
procedure, following with the adding the 5-ASA drug. Before adding the drug, it is
necessary to check with the SEM and TEM, in order to see if the polymer coating was
successful.
25

4.8 Optimization for adding 5-ASA drug to the mixture
The last step in the development of the drug delivery system would have been
adding 5-ASA drug to the mixture of CeO2 and PEO-b-PFMA. The project was stopped as
unforeseen circumstances did not allow enough time to optimize the polymer particle
development.

4.9 The synthesis of the gold nanorods
Gold nanorods were built following the protocols from a guide (Scarabelli et al.,
2015). The procedure used from the guide consisted of two parts: preparing the seed at
CTAB for single-crystal Au preparation, and the growth of Au NRs.
First, however, CTAB (MERC, Darmstadt, Germany) was prepared as a stock
solution. In a 100 mL round bottom flask, 50 mL of MiliQ water was added. The flask was
put in the heated water bath and the temperature was set to 30 °C for CTAB to be
dissolved. Following this, 1.82 g of 0.1 mol CTAB was added and steered. When the color
of the solution turned completely clear, the solution was ready to be used and able to be
stored for longer periods. Synthesis of a single crystal gold nanorod was performed in a
steering water tub at a temperature between 27- 30 °C. A new 50 mL round bottom flask
was put in the water tub with the temperature set on 30 °C. After placing the stirring
magnet in the flask, 4.7 mL of the CTAB solution was added.
Next, solution prepared was a mixture of 16.98 mg of Chloroauric acid (HAuCl4)
(China, check) in one mL of MiliQ water. The mixture was added to CTAB solution. After
the solution became yellow, 25 μL was added to the CTAB solution. The mixture was
stirred slowly for 5 minutes. During the stirring time, 10 nmol Sodium Borohydride
(NaBH4) (MERC, Darmstadt, Germany) stock solution was freshly prepared by adding 7.6
mg to 20 mL of MiliQ water, where the 300 μL was rapidly injected in the previously
prepared mix under vigorous steering with a speed of 1200 RPM. After 20 seconds, the
steering speed was decreased to 400 RPM, and the solution was stirred until the solution
became light brown. The product was stored in a temperature between 27 - 30 °C to
prevent CTAB crystallization.
The next step, described as the growth process was to synthesize single-crystal Au NR’s.
First, a stock solution of 1 M Hydrochloric acid (HCl) was prepared by mixing 10 mL of
37% HCl (MERC, Darmstadt, Germany) with 110 mL of MiliQ water. A round bottom
26

flask of 50 mL was placed in the water tub with the temperature set on 30 °C, and 190 μL
of HCl was added. After gentle stirring, 100 μL of HAuCl4, prepared as described above,
and 10 mL of CTAB were added to the flask. The solution was gently stirred for 5 minutes.
During this time, 10 nmol Nitric Acid (AgNO3) solution was prepared. AgNO3 solution
needed to be freshly prepared by adding 17 mg to 10 mL MiliQ water. Next, 120 μL of
Nitric Acid was added to the solution and lightly stirred. The final stock solution prepared
was 100 mM Ascorbic acid (HC6H7O6), which was done by adding 176 mg of HC6H7O6 to
10 mL MiliQ water. By adding 100 μL to the mixture, the cloudy solution became clear.
The final step in preparing Au NRs was to add 24 μL of seeds at the CTAB,
prepared previously, strongly stir for a couple of seconds and then left to rest for two hours
in the water tub at 30oC. The final product became dark purple and was ready to be
checked under TEM (Scarabelli et al., 2015).

4.10 Optimization for creating final microparticles
Final optimization was simplified in order to speed up the process. The original
plan was to build microcomposites containing core-shell nanoparticles CeO2 at MSN, 5ASA drug, gold nanorods, all coated with the PEO-b-PFMA. The simplified version was
decided to remove the gold nanorods, to reduce the time of the project.
In this new case, microfluidics would be necessary to build the final
microcomposites. For the inner fluid, CeO2 at MSN and 5-ASA with the PEO-b-PFMA
would be all put together in Ethyal acetate. The inner fluid plastic syringe of 5 mL would
be inserted in the pump system. The outer fluid would be 1% F127 mixed in the MiliQ.
The outer fluid mixture supposed to make droplets stable enough to form microparticles.
The outer fluid would be inserted into the 30 mL plastic syringe, and connected to the
pump system. The fluids would be connected to the microfluidic chip used in the formation
of the particles in the previous experiments. The speed of the inner fluid would be between
2 to 5 mL/h, while the outer fluid pump speed would be around 40 mL/h. The droplet
production would be monitored with the live time light microscope, where images would
be taken. The final product would be examined with TEM, and microparticles would be
analyzed.

27

4.11 Microscopy
To obtain wanted results, and to check if prepared particles are wanted size, shape, and
composition, imaging using Transmission electron microscope (TEM) and Scanning
electron Microscope (SEM) is necessary. Microscope usage was present in every part of
the project. Simple light microscope was used during the chip production, and Live Time
microscope was used during droplets production.
To check the size and composition of the particles TEM was used, as shown in the
image 5. This microscope works based on an electron beam, which is fired through a
sample. Due to contact between electrons and atoms, it is possible to get a clear image of
the structure. Electron microscopy samples were imaged in the Electron Microscopy
Laboratory. The microscope located there was JEM-1400 Plus. It is a high contrast
microscope with high resolution imaging capable of detecting nano-size particles. This
microscope was specifically used for imaging CeO2 nanoparticles, due to their nano- size.
The microscope contains high- resolution sCMOS camera (“Matataki Flash”) which
captures images with low noise, which helps in image analyzes afterwards (Goodhew,
2011).
To monitor the production of the droplets, Meros High-Speed Digital Microscope
designed for microfluidics, was used. It is a simple light microscope connected to the
computer screen, imaging the live time. With this microscope, it was possible to monitor
the crucial part of the experiment, which was droplet formation. A simple light microscope
was used in chip production. It was possible to see if the glass capillary separation was
successful, following the gap shape and size after using black sand paper.
After synthesis of the polymer, High-Resolution FE-SEM was used (Image 6). The
model was Apreo FE-SEM + ED, Field-Emission Scanning Electron Microscope (FESEM) with EDS, CL and STEM capabilities. The main purpose of using the microscope
was to observe if the surface of the polymer was synthesized correct. Main parts of the
SEM are the electron gun, condensed lens, objective lens and scanning coil. An electron
probe is produced by the objective lens in order to adjust its diameter. Electron beam is
produced in the electron gun. A scanning coil scans the electron probe. Specimen and
entire optical system is kept at vacuum (Weiss, 1983).

28

Image 5. The TEM microscope used for the imaging of final particles. The microscope is located in the
Biocity on the 3rd floor.

Image 6. The SEM microscope located in the Faculty of Science and Engineering building.

4.12 Image analyses
The final and the most important step of the research is image analyzes. For the
scientific analyzes, Fiji program was used. An image processing package is extended
program offered by the ImageJ. The program offers different options to work with TEM
and SEM images, to calculate and give the data needed in order to present results.

29

To analyze the image, it is important to prepare it in such a way that the end results
are trustworthy. It is necessary to try different methods and use different functions in the
ImageJ to set the most useful protocol in image analyzes. If the area of interest in the
image is not visible to be analyzed, the part of interest can be isolated without destroying
the result. One of the settings used was thresholding. It allows changing image pixels, in
the other words, converts images from color to black and white. This simplified analysis
helps to focus on a wanted part of the image, removing the part we are not interested in
using as result. The program contains the option of adjusting the threshold automatically,
which simplifies the process (Ferreira & Rasband, 2012).
After adjusting the threshold, another possible function for the final analyze of the
image could be creating masks. This function is used when the area of the interest of the
image is over or under saturated, meaning that the image is converted to black and white
based on the previous automatic threshold, where white and black in the histogram is
presented by numbers, white as 0 and black as 255. If the image is oversaturated, function
erode may be used, but in order to extend the wanted pixel, option dilate could be used.
Another common and useful function is the ImageJ program is Watershed, which splits
overlapping objects in the image. This option is useful if two nanoparticles in the TEM
image are overlapping, and we want to analyze only single one.
To perform numerical analyses of the data, particle analyzes extracts wanted
objects from selected section and analyzes them individually. It is possible to measure
entire area of the interest. In that case, it is important that the image is converted to 8-bit,
with the maximum values of 255, and minimum of 0. The useful filter which was used in
the image analyzes was Gaussian blur, which removed the unwanted noise of the image
(Ferreira and Rasband, 2012).

30

dark background), 6. Select Convert to Mask, 7. Select the Watershed, 8. Analyze particles
by the outline in pixels. The process is shown from images 7a to 7f.
In the final analyzes of the particles, the measurement was given in pixels (px). One
px corresponds to 264583.3 nm (calculated by 2021 JustinTOOLs.COM). The scale bar
presented in the image was given in nm and by simple calculation it was possible to
convert the area from px to nm. Another option was to set the scale bar on each image to
wanted size, in this case to nm. Then results of area were given in nm2 or results of length
were given in nm. This image analysis protocol could be used with the multiple SEM and
TEM images. There are some adjustments needed in different steps depending on the
image, and wanted end results.
This particular protocol was useful in analyzing TEM images where the area of
interest was bigger and particles were overlapping. In the case of smaller area of interest,
where the focus was on single particle, or just few of them, there was no need of certain
steps. For an example, the watershed is not necessary, because the particles were not
overlapping; the interest was just in the size and the structure of the particle. The useful
step to add in that case would be Gaussian filter, to enhance the boundary of particles of
interest. Gaussian filter focuses on edge pixels and corner pixels, rather than pixels inside
the image, removing noise while keeping the edges of an object relatively sharp.
When analyzing particles, objects are measured and counted in threshold images.
Firstly the image is scanned, and if the object is found, the system outlines it by using
selected tool, and then measures it. After measurement, the object becomes invisible, so
the measurement can be performed on the next object. With this simplified procedure, and
different protocol methods, it is easy to achieve wanted results, as shown in image 8
(Ferreira and Rasband, 2012).

34

Image 8. The example of a single particle area measurement. By using this function, it is possible to
measure the overall area of the particle, and then subtract the core of the particle, to know the thickness of the
shell.

When using different protocol methods, there should always be the focus on the
end result. Just a small adjustment can cause the difference in the image analyzes, and
produce untrustworthy results.

Image 9. The example of the shell thickness measurement procedure in ImageJ program. The area of interest
is selected on the left side image, then the single particle is outlined to give the area in the table.

The procedure for analyzing the thickness of the shell for the CeO2 Np`s within
MSN is shown in the image 9. Selected area of interest was duplicated, and then the area of
the core was measured, following with the area of the entire particle. The area of the core
35

was substituted from the area of entire NP, to get the area of the shell for the shell
thickness calculation.

36

5

RESULTS
CeO2 nanoparticles encapsulated with MSN were evaluated. Their composition and

morphology were studied using TEM microscopy. Using ImageJ software, the
nanoparticles in the TEM images were counted and their size was calculated, with the
results showing the nanoparticles were uniform size (Image 10a). The measurement scale
was adjusted to the desired scale before every image analysis, usually in nanometers. The
final area of different particles was given in squared nanometers (nm2) (Image 10b). It was
possible to calculate the diameter of a single particle using the formula 1 for the area of a
circle:
A=r2π

Image 10a An example of how to calculate the size of a single particle of CeO2 from the TEM image using
ImageJ program. Desired particles are outlined and areas are measured in nm. The arrow points the particle
area in the table, where each outlined particle contains the number corresponding the number in the table.
The table in the right corner shows results of areas of selected particles.

As seen in Image 10a, image analysis was done using ImageJ in the following
procedure: the particles are counted and outlined, then areas are calculated in the result
table section in the right corner as shown with the arrow. This area was calculated using
only particles with the uniform round shape. As an example, the area for the particle
number 33 was calculated to be 27966.8 nm2. The diameter was calculated from the
formula 1, and was 94.4 nm.

37

Image 10b The calculated area of 458 nanoparticles present at the TEM image using ImageJ. Every particle
is counted with the final area calculation in nm2.

From the processed TEM image presenting CeO2 within MSN NP`s, there were
458 particles counted, numbered and outlined. The data window listed the area (in nm2) for
each particle. A summary of the particle count was transferred and saved in the Excel
sheet. In the image, the average area was counted only from selected uniform round shape
particles, and results are shown in the table 1.
Average area of CeO2 within MSN in nm2

Standard deviation in nm2

30806.7

25901.5

Table 1. Final results of the average area of 458 CeO 2 within MSN nanoparticles in nm2 and standard
deviaton of the same results.

The average area of the CeO2 at MSN nanoparticles from the image was calculated
to be 30806.7 nm2 + 25901.5 (n=458). From the formula 1, the average radius value for the
CeO2 at MSN nanoparticles was calculated to be 99.03 nm.
The TEM images showed a clear separation of a core and a shell part of the single
nanoparticle. In the ImageJ program, it was possible to calculate the shell thickens for the
each CeO2 at the MSN nanoparticle. The scale bar was set to nm and gave the length of
each particle as shown with an arrow in the image 10c.

38

a)

b)

Image 10c Scale bar measurements for each particle (a), giving the length of the entire particle, as well as
the shell of each particle (b). The length of the shell is subtracted from the length of the entire particle, giving
the shell thickness length.

After the scale bar was set up to nm, the length of the entire particle was measured,
followed by the length of core of the particle. The core length was distinguishable as it was
visibly darker. The TEM images suggested a complete encapsulation of the core of
nanoparticles. By subtracting the length of the length entire particle from the length of the
core, the shell thickness was calculated. This procedure was repeated with 31 particles,
then the mean value + 12.3 (n=31) was calculated (Table 2).

Average shell thickness

Number of particles

Standard deviation of average shell

in nm

tested

thickness

69.2

31

12.3

Table 2. The average result of the shell thickness for the CeO 2 at MSN nanoparticles. The core length was
manually subtracted from the core+shell length for each nanoparticle. The result is given in nm calculated
from 31 nanoparticles.

Figure 7 shows the average value for the shell thickness for 31 different
nanoparticles used, and the result for the average shell thickness was 69.2 nm + 12.3
(n=31).

39

Figure 7. Chart presentation of the shell thickness of different 31 CeO2 within MSN nanoparticles.

The average nanoparticle radius and average length of the shell thickness were
measured in nm. The average core diameter length in nm was calculated by subtracting
average shell thickness length from the average core diameter (radius multiplied by 2). If
the average radius is 98.9 nm, then the diameter is 197.7 nm. When the average shell
thickness length of 69.2 nm is subtracted, the core average diameter length is 128.5 nm
(Figure 8).

Figure 8. The chart comparing average length of the entire CeO2 at MSN nanoparticle, average shell
thickness, and Average core length of the 31 built particles.

40

The SEM images of the PEO-b-PFMA were analyzed in the ImageJ program
(Image 11 a-f). Due to polymer dissolution, the only possible results were made from the
assumption that little “craters” were particles, which got dissolved because of their position
and shape in image 11e. The diameters of the craters were calculated manfully in the
ImageJ program (Image 12 ).

a

d

b

e

c

f

Image 11. Different dissolved PEO-b-PFMA. All images show PEO-b-PFMA synthesized using the same
procedure.

41

Image 12. The SEM image of the PEO-b-PFMA polymer, where the diameter (length) of craters (particles)
was measured. The results are presented in the table.

Image 13. The expected results of the PEO-b-PFMA particles. Microparticles supposed to be uniform size
and shape. The measure scale was set up to 50 μm. It was possible to calculate the average area and length
from the table with results.

SEM image analysis of the PEO-b-PFMA polymer was done using ImageJ. The
final SEM images of the surface of the polymer showed that the particles fused together
and were diluted because particles were not formed. The selected image 12 is showing
little craters which are showing diluted particles. These craters have uniform shape, that’s
why it is assumed that they present single particle. The length of each crater was measured
to calculate average size of the craters, as well as to try to validate whether the length of
the craters matched the desired polymer length. The image measure scale was set to 50 μm.
The results are shown in Image 13. The results were saved in the Excel sheet where the
average length was calculated in μm. The average length was 1.9 μm + 0.52 μm (n=102),
while the average area was 0.15 μm + 0.04 μm (n=102) (Table 3a). To validate whether
these craters were indeed the dissolved polymer particles, the crater areas and lengths were
compared to the expected areas and lengths of the polymer.
Average length in μm
1.8

Average area in μm
0.15
42

Table 3a. The table shows the calculations for the average area and length of the craters.

Average length in μm

Average area in μm

32.9

27.14

Table 3b. The expected results for the average area and length for the expected PEO-b-PFMA particles.

The average length is 32.9 μm +1.2 μm (n=22), while the average area is 27.14 μm
+ 0.97 μm (n=22).

Figure 9. Two graphs, one with average length in μm for the expected and prepared PEO-b-PFMA, and
another one for the average area in μm for the expected and prepared PEO-b-PFMA microparticles.

To confirm the assumption that craters are actually PEO-b-PFMA particles, t-Test
for the length of the particles was necessary. Table 4 gives results of two-sample assuming
equal variance t-Test.

Observations

Mean

102

1.9

22

32.9

P(T<=t) two tail

2E-153

Table 4. t-Test for length of PEO-b-PFMA. The number of particles prepared and analyzed was 102, where
the number of the expected particles analyzed was 22.

43

While gold nanorods were not used in the project due to simplification, they were
still synthesized. TEM images were used to determine the average length of nanorods. The
desired size was planned to be between 100 and 200 nm, with the uniform appearance. The
gold nanorods are shown with an arrow in the image 13a.

Image 13a. TEM images of gold nanorods built in the project procedure described in the synthesis of the
Gold Nanorods.

Image 13b. Length measured of longitudinal part of the gold nanorods in Fiji program. The scale was set for
200 nm. In the table, different lengths are seen.

44

Average length in nm
157.65

Standard Deviation in nm
34.9

Table 5. Table with the calculation of the average length of the gold nanorods in nm. The length was
compared between 8 nanorods, where the standard deviation was 34.87 nm

The project was stopped with the production of the PEO-b-PFMA microparticles
necessary for the coating of all nanocomposites and required drugs. In the future research,
the appropriate solvent is needed in order to avoid the dissolution and fusion of the
polymer, following the coating of the nanocomposites and acquired drugs using
microfluidics. Imaging of the microparticles after microfluidics is needed. Firstly, the
imaging with the drug encapsulated within polymer, then, without the drug. With this
technique, it is possible to test how much drug is needed in order for the targeted drug
delivery system to be efficient.

45

6

DISCUSSION
The main focus of this project was to produce and test a drug delivery system to

arthritic joints using lubricated microcompositions. The goal in the future is to treat
osteoarthritis without surgical intervention. CeO2 within MSN were perfect candidates of
interest for the study because of their antioxidant properties and biocompatibility.
The two most important parameters regarding biocompatibility were size and
surface of the particles. The core size was controlled to be from 50 nm, up to 300 nm,
which was suitable for the endocytosis by the living cells. With the shell surrounding the
core, the size was expected to be larger. The average diameter of the nanoparticles was
around 197.7 nm + 25901 nm2 (n=458). While this average was around the goal size of
200 nm, the high standard deviation is a limitation, which could be caused by overlapping
nanoparticles, as the ImageJ program maybe did not recognize multiple particles, and
counted them as one, or possible human error.
Given the core-shell ratios calculated in the Results section, the assumption would
be that the drug delivery system would have ability to arrive to targeted area at the certain
time and release the drug in appropriate doses. Though this could not be done due to
halting the project, another way to test the shell thickness would be by imaging the drug
loaded particle, then imaging particles without the drug. This step is necessary in order to
test if the corresponding shell thickness would release the adequate amount of drug needed
for the treatment. If the drug is not released in desired amount, then the thickness is not
meeting the goal and probably should be thinner.
In the process of the drug delivery, proper lubrication of microparticles was also an
important factor to consider, as it is needed to protect the healthy tissue. In order for CeO2
within MSN nanoparticles to have a lubricating effect, they were supposed to be coated in
PEO-b-PFMA coating. This specific polymer coating was chosen as it has shown to have
capability in drug delivery systems, as well as easy drug loading using microfluidics. As
the drug delivery systems are under development and have a promising future, it is
important to develop a biocompatible system. The goal was for the PEO-b-PFMA to
release the drug under exposure of near-infrared light (NIR) with minimal or no damage to
the body. Comparing the results from the figure 9, it is noticeable that the crater average
area and the length average area are much smaller than the average area and length of the
expected PEO-b-PFMA coating microparticles. The difference was assumed to be due to
46

dissolving PEO-b-PFMA microparticles. The assumption was that craters appeared on the
areas where the particles used to obtain before the dissolving process. As the t-test showed
significant difference in the crater and polymer sizes, this assumption was not correct. The
craters could have occurred naturally as the polymer may not have been stable in storage
conditions between the formation and the imaging. Additionally, the polymer imaged
could have changed in composition. As there was no other way to prove whether the
polymer was indeed the PEO-b-PFMA, there is also the chance that the polymer formed
was different and therefore was not seen as the expected microparticles when imaged.
Further tests will be needed to validate whether the craters observed are presenting
particles and the proper polymer.
The project was stopped with the production of the polymer, because the polymer
particles were not forming, they were diluted and fused together. There were difficulties in
finding the appropriate storage solvent while finalizing the last step with the polymer
coating of the particles. The SEM images 11a-11f are the proof that the polymer built
nanoparticles were dissolved. This could have been due to one of the storage solvents.
Another time-consuming step was finding the right optimization for forming the droplets
of the PEO-b-PFMA coating. By trying many different methods, the appropriate
optimization was not found.
Gold nanorods were prepared, as they contain suitable optical properties and have
successful applications in the diagnosis of osteoarthritis and its treatment. The length of the
particles was around 157.6 nm, between the desired length. They are widely used, with
applications in thermal therapy, bioimaging, and drug delivery, which made them a perfect
candidate in this project. But, to simplify the project, built gold nanorods were not used.
Given the unforeseen circumstances due to the coronavirus pandemic, the project
was adjusted and simplified, so the drug was not used. It is still of interest to use this drug
in future research in order to increase the bone formation and to use miRNA874 as a
therapeutic intervention for osteoarthritis.
Furthermore, collagen IgG2 was not introduced to the microcompositions built for
the drug delivery, as it was originally planned. The goal for the future research would be to
attach collagen IgG2 to CeO2 within MSN nanoparticles to form an antibody-antigen
binding to collagen type II in joints and joint fluids. The major role of collagen IgG2 would
be to reduce symptoms of osteoarthritis by stimulating collagen production in joints.
47

The 5-ASA drug supposed to be inserted within PEO-b-PFMA microparticles. This
step would conclude the experiment building particles. Because the polymer could not be
formed, the drug was not added. In the future experiments, when adding 5-ASA, it is
important to consider several things. Firstly, it is important to test and decide how much
drug is necessary in single CeO2 particle. Secondly, it is necessary to decide the percentage
of the drug in the final system. It is always good to start with the higher amount of the
drug, and lower it down in the case it is needed. If there is not an exact amount of the drug
in the microparticles, the drug delivery system would not be functional. The TEM imaging
is necessary before and after the drug insertion to decide if the experiment was successful.
Once the project is finalized, it could be tested in animals. If successful, the next
step would be clinical studies.

48

7 CONCLUSION
Due to the unforeseen halting of the experiment, much of the proposed project was
not completed. Despite this, the physical appearance of CeO2 within MSN seems
promising. The particles were of uniform size, however, the high standard deviation value
within the particle size requires further investigation to determine whether the
nanoparticles fit the initial desired criteria for the drug delivery system.
The biggest challenge in the project was connected with the synthesis of the PEOb-PFMA coating. Once the optimization for forming droplets was done, the droplets would
dissolve within 24 hours of formation. Further research must be done to determine optimal
storage solutions in order to keep the droplets stable so that they may be used to finalize
the drug delivery system.
As the project was halted, the hypothesis remains that this drug delivery system,
with the chosen drugs, can be developed with the hopes of one day being used clinically
and helping millions of people suffering from osteoarthritis.

49

8 ACKNOWLEDGES
I would like to thank Associate Prof. Hongbo Zhang, as well his entire Precision
Nanomedicine and Diagnostics laboratory team. Also, I would like to thank PhD. Jixiang
Wang for supervision at the beginning of the thesis project. Thanks to Prof. Sergey
Filippov for the useful advices. Special thanks to my Biomedical Imaging program
supervisors Diana Toivola and Joanna Pylvänäinen, as well as other BIMA professors and
classmates.

50

9 REFERENCES
Abdu Allah, H.H., and A.N. A El Shorbagi. 2016. 5-Aminosalyclic Acid (5-ASA): A
Unique Anti-Inflammatory Salicylate. Med. Chem. (Los. Angeles). 06.
doi:10.4172/2161-0444.1000361.
Al-snafi, A.E. 2014. International Journal for Pharmaceutical Research Scholars ( IJPRS ).
671–677.
Arvizo, R., R. Bhattacharya, and P. Mukherjee. 2010. Gold nanoparticles: Opportunities
and challenges in nanomedicine. Expert Opin. Drug Deliv. 7:753–763.
doi:10.1517/17425241003777010.
Askelof, E., and S. Helander. 1992. Mechanism of action of 5-arninosalicylic acid.
1992:151–165.
Beebe, D.J., G.A. Mensing, and G.M. Walker. 2002. Physics and applications of
microfluidics in biology. Annu. Rev. Biomed. Eng. 4:261–286.
doi:10.1146/annurev.bioeng.4.112601.125916.
Blagojevic, M., C. Jinks, A. Jeffery, and K.P. Jordan. 2010. Risk factors for onset of
osteoarthritis of the knee in older adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Osteoarthr. Cartil. 18:24–33. doi:10.1016/j.joca.2009.08.010.
Catalanotto, C., C. Cogoni, and G. Zardo. 2016. MicroRNA in control of gene expression:
An overview of nuclear functions. Int. J. Mol. Sci. 17. doi:10.3390/ijms17101712.
Cooper, D.L., C.M. Conder, and S. Harirforoosh. 2014. Nanoparticles in drug delivery:
Mechanism of action, formulation and clinical application towards reduction in drugassociated nephrotoxicity. Expert Opin. Drug Deliv. 11:1661–1680.
doi:10.1517/17425247.2014.938046.
Cui, P., and S. Wang. 2019. Application of microfluidic chip technology in pharmaceutical
analysis: A review. J. Pharm. Anal. 9:238–247. doi:10.1016/j.jpha.2018.12.001.
Douroumis, D., I. Onyesom, M. Maniruzzaman, and J. Mitchell. 2013. Mesoporous silica
nanoparticles in nanotechnology. Crit. Rev. Biotechnol. 33:229–245.
doi:10.3109/07388551.2012.685860.
El-Dairi, M., and R.J. House. 2019. Optic nerve hypoplasia. Handb. Pediatr. Retin. OCT
Eye-Brain Connect. 285–287. doi:10.1016/B978-0-323-60984-5.00062-7.
Ferreira, T., and W. Rasband. 2012. ImageJ User Guide User Guide ImageJ. Image J user
Guid. 1.46r. doi:10.1038/nmeth.2019.
51

Galogahi, F.M., Y. Zhu, H. An, and N.T. Nguyen. 2020. Core-shell microparticles:
Generation approaches and applications. J. Sci. Adv. Mater. Devices. 5:417–435.
doi:10.1016/j.jsamd.2020.09.001.
Goodhew, P.J. 2011. General Introduction to Transmission Electron Microscopy TEM.
Aberration-Corrected Anal. Transm. Electron Microsc. 1–19.
doi:10.1002/9781119978848.ch1.
Grässel, S., and D. Muschter. 2020. Recent advances in the treatment of osteoarthritis [
version 1 ; peer review : 3 approved ]. F1000Research. 9:1–17.
Haine, A.T., and T. Niidome. 2017. Gold nanorods as nanodevices for bioimaging,
photothermal therapeutics, and drug delivery. Chem. Pharm. Bull. 65:625–628.
doi:10.1248/cpb.c17-00102.
Han, H. 2016. Nnm-11-673.Pdf. 11:673–692.
Hayes, R., A. Ahmed, T. Edge, and H. Zhang. 2014. Core-shell particles: Preparation,
fundamentals and applications in high performance liquid chromatography. J.
Chromatogr. A. 1357:36–52. doi:10.1016/j.chroma.2014.05.010.
He, D., S. Wang, L. Lei, Z. Hou, P. Shang, X. He, and H. Nie. 2015. Core-shell particles
for controllable release of drug. Chem. Eng. Sci. 125:108–120.
doi:10.1016/j.ces.2014.08.007.
Hosseini, M., and M. Mozafari. 2020. Cerium oxide nanoparticles: Recent advances in
tissue engineerings. Materials (Basel). 13:1–46. doi:10.3390/ma13143072.
Huang, X., S. Neretina, and M.A. El-Sayed. 2009. Gold nanorods: From synthesis and
properties to biological and biomedical applications. Adv. Mater. 21:4880–4910.
doi:10.1002/adma.200802789.
Hunter, D.J., and F. Eckstein. 2009. Exercise and osteoarthritis. J. Anat. 214:197–207.
doi:10.1111/j.1469-7580.2008.01013.x.
Jafari, S., H. Derakhshankhah, L. Alaei, A. Fattahi, B.S. Varnamkhasti, and A.A. Saboury.
2019. Mesoporous silica nanoparticles for therapeutic/diagnostic applications.
Biomed. Pharmacother. 109:1100–1111. doi:10.1016/j.biopha.2018.10.167.
Jixiang Wang. 2019. Core&Core-shell PROTOCOL.
Jokinen, V. 2017. MT-0.6081 Microfluidics and BioMEMS, Basics, Laminar flow, shear
and flow profiles. 11–15.
De Jong, W.H., and P.J.A. Borm. 2008. Drug delivery and nanoparticles: Applications and
52

hazards. Int. J. Nanomedicine. 3:133–149. doi:10.2147/ijn.s596.
Liechty, W.B., D.R. Kryscio, B. V. Slaughter, and N.A. Peppas. 2010. Polymers for drug
delivery systems. Annu. Rev. Chem. Biomol. Eng. 1:149–173. doi:10.1146/annurevchembioeng-073009-100847.
Loscalzo, D.E.H.R.C.J. 2011. 基因的改变NIH Public Access. Bone. 23:1–7.
doi:10.1002/art.34453.Osteoarthritis.
Mackie, E.J., Y.A. Ahmed, L. Tatarczuch, K.S. Chen, and M. Mirams. 2008.
Endochondral ossification: How cartilage is converted into bone in the developing
skeleton. Int. J. Biochem. Cell Biol. 40:46–62. doi:10.1016/j.biocel.2007.06.009.
Mazetyte‐Stasinskiene, R., and J.M. Köhler. 2020. Sensor micro and nanoparticles for
microfluidic application. Appl. Sci. 10:1–37. doi:10.3390/app10238353.
Mohanraj, V.J., and Y. Chen. 2006. Nanoparticles-A Review. 5. 561–573 pp.
Mora, J.C., R. Przkora, and Y. Cruz-Almeida. 2018a. Knee osteoarthritis: Pathophysiology
and current treatment modalities. J. Pain Res. 11:2189–2196.
doi:10.2147/JPR.S154002.
Mora, J.C., R. Przkora, and Y. Cruz-Almeida. 2018b. Knee osteoarthritis: pathophysiology
and current treatment modalities. J. Pain Res. Volume 11:2189–2196.
doi:10.2147/JPR.S154002.
Naumann, A., J.E. Dennis, A. Awadallah, D.A. Carrino, J.M. Mansour, E. Kastenbauer,
and A.I. Caplan. 2002. Immunochemical and mechanical characterization of cartilage
subtypes in rabbit. J. Histochem. Cytochem. 50:1049–1058.
doi:10.1177/002215540205000807.
One Digital Drive. 2018. P-30. 11.
Peppas, N.A., and B. Narasimhan. 2014. Mathematical models in drug delivery: How
modeling has shaped the way we design new drug delivery systems. J. Control.
Release. doi:10.1016/j.jconrel.2014.06.041.
Perrotta, C., P. Pellegrino, E. Moroni, C. De Palma, D. Cervia, P. Danelli, and E. Clementi.
2015. Five-aminosalicylic acid: An update for the reappraisal of an old drug.
Gastroenterol. Res. Pract. 2015. doi:10.1155/2015/456895.
Salma, S.A., M.P. Patil, D.W. Kim, C.M.Q. Le, B.H. Ahn, G. Do Kim, and K.T. Lim.
2018. Near-infrared light-responsive, diselenide containing core-cross-linked micelles
prepared by the Diels-Alder click reaction for photocontrollable drug release
53

application. Polym. Chem. 9:4813–4823. doi:10.1039/c8py00961a.
Scarabelli, L., A. Sánchez-Iglesias, J. Pérez-Juste, and L.M. Liz-Marzán. 2015. A “Tips
and Tricks” Practical Guide to the Synthesis of Gold Nanorods. J. Phys. Chem. Lett.
6:4270–4279. doi:10.1021/acs.jpclett.5b02123.
Singh, R., and J.W. Lillard. 2009. Nanoparticle-based targeted drug delivery. Exp. Mol.
Pathol. 86:215–223. doi:10.1016/j.yexmp.2008.12.004.
Snp, A., and C. Reagent. High Speed Digital Isolator. 1–2.
Sun, X., H. Zhang, L. Zhang, X. Wang, and Q.F. Zhou. 2005. Synthesis of amphiphilic
poly(ethylene oxide)-b-poly(methyl methacrylate) diblock copolymers via atom
transfer radical polymerization utilizing halide exchange technique. Polym. J. 37:102–
108. doi:10.1295/polymj.37.102.
Umlauf, D., S. Frank, T. Pap, and J. Bertrand. 2010. Cartilage biology, pathology, and
repair. Cell. Mol. Life Sci. 67:4197–4211. doi:10.1007/s00018-010-0498-0.
Wang, Y., R.N. Dave, and R. Pfeffer. 2004. Polymer coating/encapsulation of
nanoparticles using a supercritical anti-solvent process. J. Supercrit. Fluids. 28:85–
99. doi:10.1016/S0896-8446(03)00011-1.
Weiss, A.D. 1983. Scanning Electron Microscopes. Semicond. Int. 6:90–94.
doi:10.1016/s0026-0576(03)90123-1.
Wittenauer, R., L. Smith, and K. Aden. 2013. Priority Medicines for Europe and the World
" A Public Health Approach to Innovation " Update on 2004 Background Paper
Background Paper 6 . 12 Osteoarthritis. 1–31.
World Health Organization. 2013. Essential medicines and health products - Priority
diseases and reasons for inclusion - Osteoarthritis. World Heal. Organ. 12:6–8.
Xu, C.T., S.Y. Meng, and B.R. Pan. 2004. Drug therapy for ulcerative colitis. World J.
Gastroenterol. 10:2311–2317. doi:10.3748/wjg.v10.i16.2311.
Zhang, D., L. Men, and Q. Chen. 2011. Microfabrication and applications of optomicrofluidic sensors. Sensors. 11:5360–5382. doi:10.3390/s110505360.
Zhao, Q., D. Yuan, J. Zhang, and W. Li. 2020. A review of secondary flow in inertial
microfluidics. Micromachines. 11:1–23. doi:10.3390/MI11050461.
Zhou, Y., G. Quan, Q. Wu, X. Zhang, B. Niu, B. Wu, Y. Huang, X. Pan, and C. Wu. 2018.
Mesoporous silica nanoparticles for drug and gene delivery. Acta Pharm. Sin. B.
8:165–177. doi:10.1016/j.apsb.2018.01.007.
54

55

