Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

MASTER’S THESIS IN INTERNATIONAL HUMAN RIGHTS LAW

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner
EVIDENTIARY STANDARDS OF THE EUROPEAN COURT OF HUMAN RIGHTS –
PROVING INDIRECT DISCRIMINATION BASED ON ASSOCIATION WITH A
NATIONAL MINORITY

Master’s Thesis in Public
International Law
Master’s Programme in
International Human Rights Law
Supervisor: Catarina Krause
Åbo Akademi
2021

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

ÅBO AKADEMI – FACULTY OF SOCIAL SCIENCES, BUSINESS AND
ECONOMICS
Abstract for Master´s Thesis
Subject: Public International Law, Master´s Degree Programme in International Human Rights
Law
Author: Gabriella Szilágyi-Krenner
Title of the Thesis: Evidentiary Standards of the European Court of Human Rights – Proving
Indirect Discrimination based on Association with a National Minority
Supervisor: Catarina Krause
Abstract:
This study examines the evidentiary standards of the European Court of Human Rights in cases
concerning indirect discrimination based on association with a national minority. Evidentiary
matters play a significant role in human rights law adjudication, however, neither the European
Convention on Human Rights, nor the Rules of the Court contains rules regarding the standard of
proof and the evaluation of evidence. Therefore, the Court created its own operational method and
enjoys a wide-range freedom in assessing a case and determining if a violation of a Convention
right occurred.
As the European Court of Human Rights articulated, it considers any applicable international law
while interpreting the Convention, and it regularly refers to various regional instruments. This
thesis analyses the European framework for non-discrimination in order to establish the elements
of indirect discrimination. With the aid of the elements of indirect discrimination, the thesis
discusses the allocation of the burden of proof and the standard of proof as applied by the Court.
The standard of proof of the Court is “beyond reasonable doubt”, as it has been articulated in
several judgments by the Court. However, the Court also stated that it applies this standard in
adaptively, and the standard is not used with the same rigorousness as it is used in criminal
proceedings.
The thesis argues that the absence of clearly articulated scope of the standard of proof in
proceedings before the Court enables arbitrary judgments. The thesis uses the cases D.H. and
others v. the Czech Republic and Oršuš and others v. Croatia to demonstrate the inconsistencies
of the Court’s interpretation of its own standard of proof.
This study concludes that the Court needs to pronounce a lower standard as a principle in cases of
indirect discrimination, to avoid interpretational discrepancies and conflicting judgments based on
similar facts, as it happened in the cases mentioned. A clearly defined standard of proof would
undoubtedly enhance protection of the rights of members of vulnerable minorities.
Simultaneously, it would ensure consistent decisions, thus encouraging the States to comply with
their obligations under the Convention and correct the substantive or procedural deficiencies.

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

Key words:
Indirect Discrimination, Ethnic Discrimination, Non-Discrimination, Burden of Proof, Standard
of Proof, Evidentiary Standards
Date:
28 June 2021
The abstract is approved as a maturity test:

Number of pages:
70+7
Number of words (excl.
bibliography and annexes):
28533

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

Table of Contents

1. Introduction .......................................................................................................................... 1
1.1. Background of the Research and Research Question ............................................. 1
1.2. Methods and Sources of the Research .................................................................... 3
2. Legal Framework Governing Evidentiary Standards of the European Court of
Human Rights........................................................................................................................... 5
2.1. The Concept of Discrimination ............................................................................... 5
2.1.1. Legal Framework of the Council of Europe ............................................ 5
2.1.2. The Framework of the European Union ................................................ 12
2.2. Framework for the Collection and Admissibility of Evidence ............................. 14
3. The Burden of Proof under the European Convention of Human Rights ................... 21
3.1. The Principles of the Allocation of the Burden of Proof ...................................... 21
3.2. Sharing the Burden of Proof in Cases of Indirect Discrimination ........................ 25
4. Standards of Proof in Human Rights Adjudication ....................................................... 32
4.1. Standard of Proof in the Interpretation of the European Court of Human Rights 32
4.2. Evidence in the proceedings of the European Court of Human Rights ................ 36
4.2.1. Evidence submitted by the parties ......................................................... 36
4.3.2. Reports of Supervisory Bodies .............................................................. 42
4.3.3. Evidentiary Value of Statistical Data ..................................................... 51
5. Conclusion .......................................................................................................................... 60
BIBLIOGRAPHY .................................................................................................................. 66

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

1. Introduction
1.1. Background of the Research and Research Question
Discriminatory practices are becoming increasingly covert. While individual adjudication is an
effective tool in combatting these practices and protecting the rights of the persons, proving
indirect discrimination can be extremely difficult. Hence, evidentiary matters have a significant
role in human rights law adjudication. Well defined evidentiary standards and procedures
provide more effective protection to the victims of discrimination and increase legal certainty.1
According to the legal maxim onus probandi actori incumbit, the burden of proof lies on the
applicant. However, applicants alleging discrimination are often in a disadvantaged position,
and proving that a legal regulation, a state policy or practice is discriminatory towards a certain
group can prove particularly difficult. To ease this burden, the European Court of Human
Rights, in its judgment in the case Horváth and Kiss v. Hungary, articulated that “[w]here an
applicant alleging indirect discrimination establishes a rebuttable presumption that the effect
of a measure or practice is discriminatory, the burden of proof shifts to the respondent State.”2
Once the complainant has established facts from which a difference in treatment can be
presumed, the onus is on the respondent State to prove that the difference in treatment was not
discriminatory, because it had an objective and reasonable justification. As the Court noted,
“no difference in treatment which is based exclusively or to a decisive extent on a person’s
ethnic origin is capable of being objectively justified in a contemporary democratic society
built on the principles of pluralism and respect for different cultures”3. Based on this statement,
the shift of the burden of proof seems to be the decisive factor of the outcome of an indirect
ethnic discrimination case.
The Rules of the European Court of Human Rights sets out the procedure to be followed for
applications under Article 34 of the ECHR. The applicant alleging violation of his rights must,
in his application, submit statements of the facts, alleged violations and relevant arguments.4

1

The Burden of Proof in Comparative and International Human Rights Law: Civil and Common Law Approaches
with Special Reference to the American and German Legal Systems. By Juliane Kokott. The Hague, London,
Boston: Kluwer Law International, 1998, p.137.
2
Horváth and Kiss v. Hungary, application no. 11146/11, Judgment (Merits and Just Satisfaction), Court (Second
Section), 29 January 2013, para. 108.
3
Timishev v. Russia, para. 58.
4
Rules of the Court, Rule 47 1 (e)-(f)

1

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

The Court, during the proceedings, can request additional factual information, documents or
other information which it considers to be relevant.5 However, in the absence of any procedural
barriers of the admissibility of evidence and assessment formulae, the Court has a wide range
of freedom in evaluating the evidence submitted by the applicant(s) and the respondent.6 This
can result in ambiguity regarding the evidence and the degree of proof required to establish a
rebuttable presumption and, consequently, shift the burden of proof to the respondent state.
For instance, in cases of alleged segregation in primary education, statistics are often the only
available proof of the discriminatory effect of certain measures or practices. However, while
the Court accepted statistics submitted as evidence in several such cases, it has not consistently
found statistical evidence sufficient to establish a rebuttable presumption7. In the landmark case
D.H. and others, where applicants of Roma background alleged that they have been placed to
“special schools” based on their ethnicity, the Chamber did not find a violation of Article 14.
The case was referred to the Grand Chamber, which -based on the same factual evidence- found
that the practice of the Czech Republic had a significantly prejudiced effect on Roma pupils
and that the de facto situation amounted to indirect discrimination8. The application in Oršuš
and others v. Croatia had a similar outcome. After assessing the evidence before it, the
Chamber did not find itself convinced that the applicants were victims of indirect
discrimination based on their association with a national minority. The Chamber – unanimously
– did not find a violation of Article 14, however, the case was referred to the Grand Chamber
for further consideration, that concluded that the practice in question was discriminatory. The
decision was concluded with nine votes to eight.
In D.H. and others the Chamber and the Grand Chamber approached the evaluation of evidence
differently. The Chamber was focused on the facts of the individual applications, stressing that
“while acknowledging that these statistics disclose figures that are worrying […], the concrete
evidence before the Court in the present case does not enable it to conclude that the
applicants’ placement or, in some instances, continued placement, in special schools was the
result of racial prejudice”.9 The Grand Chamber, however, went beyond the facts of the
5

Ibid. Rule 49 3(a)
D.H. and others v. The Czech Republic, application no. 57325/00, Judgment (Merits and Just Satisfaction), Court
(Grand Chamber), 13 November 2007, para. 178.
7
Oršuš and others v. Croatia, application no. 15766/03, Judgment (Merits and Just Satisfaction), Court (Grand
Chamber), 16 March 2010, Para. 152.
8
D.H. and others v. The Czech Republic, application no. 57325/00, Judgment (Merits and Just Satisfaction), Court
(Grand Chamber), 13 November 2007
9
D.H. and others, Second Section judgment, para. 52.
6

2

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

individual case, and concluded that because it has been established that the practice of the
placement in “special schools” had a disproportionate effect on the Roma community in the
Czech Republic, the applicants as members of this community ‘necessarily suffered the same
discriminatory treatment’10. Therefore, the Grand Chamber did not find it necessary to examine
the applicants’ individual cases.
The Court expressed in several cases that its standard of proof is “beyond reasonable doubt”.
However, it also stated that the standard differs from the classic criminal law standard and that
the specificity of the case, the Convention right invoked, and the nature of allegations must be
considered when allocating the burden of proof and deciding on the standard of proof.11
The ambiguity surrounding the evidentiary standards in indirect discrimination cases requires
clarification of the legal framework and its interpretation by the Court. Therefore, the purpose
of this thesis is to identify, describe and analyse the evidentiary standards of the European
Court of Human Rights. The questions to be answered are: How is the burden of proof allocated
and what is the level of persuasion required in cases concerning indirect discrimination based
on the association with a national minority under the European framework?
1.2. Methods and Sources of the Research
To answer the research questions, the thesis follows a doctrinal legal analysis. The aim of the
research is to analyse the evidentiary practices of the European Court of Human Rights. The
thesis studies the European legal framework on the prohibition of discrimination. The analysis
in the second chapter is focused on establishing the definition and the elements of indirect
discrimination. The purpose of the chapter is to determine the factual elements that require
proving in a case of indirect ethnic discrimination. Moreover, it provides an examination of the
rules regarding collection and admissibility of evidence in the proceedings before the European
Court of Human Rights. The main documents studied are the European Convention on Human
Rights, the Rules of the Court and its Annex, the European Social Charter, the Framework
Convention for the Protection of National Minorities, the European Union’s Charter of
Fundamental Rights and European Council Directive 2000/43/EC implementing the principle
of equal treatment between persons irrespective of racial or ethnic origin. The third chapter
discusses the allocation of the burden of proof. It examines the principles underlying the
allocation in general, and the arguments considering the shared burden of proof in cases
10
11

D.H. and others v. Czech Republic, Grand Chamber judgment, para. 209. …
Husayn (Abu Zubaydah) v. Poland, para. 394. …

3

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

concerning indirect discrimination. The fourth chapter studies the standard of proof applied by
the Court. The aim of the chapter is to provide an assessment of the evidentiary practice of the
Court to reveal inconsistencies in the interpretation of its own standard of proof. The chapter
examines the evidentiary value of the submissions of the parties, reports of supervisory bodies
and statistical data in proceedings before the Court based on individual applications under
Article 34. In order to obtain a more in-depth analysis, a thorough examination of the
evidentiary practices of the Court is provided, with the aid of selected key cases. Finally, the
fifth chapter presents a summary and the conclusion of the findings and offers
recommendations for the development of rules and practices.
The thesis focuses on the evidentiary matters of human rights litigation, more precisely, the
evidentiary practice of the European Court of Human Rights in cases of indirect discrimination
based on association with a national minority; therefore, the discussion is limited to the
technical issues of proving violation of Article 14 or Article 2 of Protocol 12. While the analysis
touches upon the issues of the margin of appreciation, and the objective and reasonable
justification for differential treatment, these concepts are examined from an evidentiary
viewpoint to establish their effect on the burden of proof and the standard of proof.
Consequently, the scope of these concepts is not discussed.
Furthermore, while the cases examined have all alleged violation of Article 14 in conjunction
with a substantive Article, the scope of the substantive rights and the evidentiary matters with
regards to proving the violation of them are not examined.12
The European Court of Human Rights stated that while interpreting the Convention, any
applicable rules of international law, especially if related to the protection of human rights must
be considered.13 However, due to the limits of this thesis, the discussion is focussed on the
European framework.

12

All of the cases examined in this thesis alleged violation of the right to education under Article 2 of Protocol 1.
While the examination of the scope of the Article could provide valuable insight as to the evidentiary standards
of the Court, issues regarding the Article are mentioned only when it is necessary to explain the process and
difficulties of proving indirect discrimination, or more precisely, segregation based on a neutral rule. For example,
the States’ margin of appreciation when establishing their educational system, adapting it to their societal needs
and deciding on the curriculum to be followed has an implication of the allocation of the burden of proof. The
issue is discussed further in Chapter 4. …
13
Handbook on European Non-Discrimination Law, p. 25. …

4

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

2. Legal Framework Governing Evidentiary Standards of the European Court of
Human Rights
2.1. The Concept of Discrimination
2.1.1. Legal Framework of the Council of Europe
The European legal framework for non-discrimination contains extensive legislation under the
Council of Europe and the European Union. For the purposes of this thesis, the most significant
document is the European Convention on Human Rights. However, the European Court of
Human Rights articulated that while interpreting the Convention, any applicable rules of
international law must be considered, especially the ones referring to the protection of human
rights.14 Therefore, this chapter provides an introduction of the European non-discrimination
legislation. The aim is to define the scope of the prohibition, the elements of discrimination
and the connection of the regulations to the Court’s practice.
The European Convention on Human Rights
The European Convention on Human Rights (ECHR or Convention) prohibits discrimination
on the ground of sex, race, colour, language, religion, political or other opinion, national or
social origin, association with a national minority, property, birth or other status. The
Convention contains two articles regarding the prohibition of discrimination, Article 14 and
Article 1 of Protocol 12.
The scope of Article 14 is limited to the ‘enjoyment of the rights and freedoms set forth in this
Convention’.15 It is a subsidiary right; therefore, the Court only examines a case under Article
14 in conjunction with a substantive right. However, the subsidiarity of the Article does not
mean complete reliance of a violation of a substantive right. According to the Explanatory
Report, Article 14 has a relative autonomy, with certain procedural consequences.16 The Court
may examine the alleged violation of a substantive Article first, and then separately the alleged
violation of Article 14 in conjunction with the substantive Article.17 Another approach of the
Court is to examine the substantive Article in conjunction of Article 14, and not to examine the
substantive Article separately after finding a violation of Article 14.18
14

Handbook on European Non-Discrimination Law, p. 25. …
ECHR, Art. 14. …
16
Guide on Article 14 of the European Convention on Human Rights and on Article 1 of Protocol No. 12 to the
Convention, Council of Europe/European Court of Human Rights, 202, p. 7. …
17
Ibid, p. 7. …
18
Ibid, p. 7. …
15

5

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

Moreover, the Court has adopted a broad interpretation of the nature of subsidiarity. First, it
does not require a violation of a substantive right in order to examine a claim under Article 14.
Second, it is possible to examine a claim even if the issue in the complaint does not ‘relate to
a specific entitlement granted by the ECHR. In such cases, it was sufficient that the facts of the
case broadly relate to issues that are protected under the ECHR.’19
Furthermore, the Court, in order to extend the scope of the protection of the right not to be
discriminated against, is willing to treat some discriminatory acts as ‘in and of themselves,
amounting to inhuman or degrading treatment under Article 3, or as violations of the right to
respect for private and family life under Article 8.’20 While the Court adopted a broad
interpretation of the nature of Article 14, an application will still be rejected as manifestly illfounded if it fails to specify the substantive right.21 Therefore, the extension of the protection
with the general prohibition of discrimination was a much-needed safeguard for the
individual’s right to equal treatment.
Article 1 of Protocol 12 provides the general prohibition of discrimination22, regarding the
‘enjoyment of any right set forth by law’.23 It extends the scope of the right not to be
discriminated against
i. in the enjoyment of any right specifically granted to an individual under national law;
ii. in the enjoyment of a right which may be inferred from a clear obligation of a public
authority under national law, that is, where a public authority is under an obligation
under national law to behave in a particular manner;
iii. by a public authority in the exercise of discretionary power (for example, granting
certain subsidies);
iv. by any other act or omission by a public authority (for example, the behaviour of
law enforcement officers when controlling a riot).24
Protocol 12 entered into force in 2005, there is relatively few cases decided under the general
prohibition of discrimination. The Court reinstated that while Protocol 12 extends the scope of
19

Handbook on European Non-Discrimination Law, p. 30. …
Rory O'Connell, 'Cinderella comes to the Ball: Article 14 and the right to non-discrimination in the ECHR'
(2009) 29 (2) Legal Studies: The Journal of the Society of Legal Scholars 211-229, p. 6. …
21
Ibid. p.8. …
22
The Article reads as follows: 1. The enjoyment of any right set forth by law shall be secured without
discrimination on any ground such as sex, race, colour, language, religion, political or other opinion, national or
social origin, association with a national minority, property, birth or other status. 2. No one shall be discriminated
against by any public authority on any ground such as those mentioned in paragraph 1. …
23
ECHR, Protocol 12, Article 1 …
24
Explanatory Report to the Protocol No. 12 to the Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and
Fundamental Freedoms Rome, 4 November.2000, para. 22. …
20

6

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

Article 14, the meaning of the term discrimination was meant to be identical to Article 14,
therefore it did not find it necessary to depart from the well-established concept of
discrimination.25
Both Article 14 and Protocol 12 provide an open structure of the grounds of discrimination.
The focus of the thesis is discrimination based on association with a national minority, therefore
the grounds of discrimination will not be further discussed. What requires further examination
is the concept of discrimination, the burden of proof and what constitutes objective and
reasonable justification, as neither of the articles elaborate on these issues.
The open structure of the Articles required the Court to establish the analytical framework of
the prohibition of discrimination.26 The first instrumental decision was the 1968 Belgian
linguistics case, where the Court laid out the concept of discrimination.27 The first element is
that a difference in treatment must exist, and there must be a comparator in analogous or
relevantly similar situation. Once the difference in treatment has been established, the Court
applies the objective justification test.28 The aim of the test is to decide if the difference in
treatment serves an objective and reasonable purpose: there is a legitimate aim and the means
employed are proportionate to this aim:
It is not, however, impossible that the application of the legal provisions in issue might
lead, in individual cases, to results which put in question the existence of a reasonable

25

For further information on the interpretation see: Zornić v. Bosnia and Herzegovina, para. 27 and Baralija v.
Bosnia and Herzegovina, para. 46. The interpretation of Article 1 of Protocol 12 in the context of the burden of
proof and the standard of proof is discussed in Chapter 2 and Chapter 3 of this thesis. …
26
Non-discrimination Under Article 14 ECHR: the Burden of Proof, Oddný Mjöll Arnardóttir, p. 14. …
27
The issue was discussed in para. 4 of the Belgian linguistics decision: “The Commission, referring to
"contemporary theory" and to its own decisions is of the opinion that the Convention does not prohibit
the establishment of legitimate "differentiation" in the enjoyment of the rights and freedoms guaranteed: an
"extensive interpretation" based on the French text of Article 14 (art. 14) ("sans distinction aucune"), "would lead
to absurd results". Article 14 (art. 14) condemns only "discrimination", and the Commission makes a point of
stating precisely how it understands this word. In its opinion a State does not discriminate if it limits itself to
conferring an "advantage", a "privilege" or a "favour" on a particular group or individual which it denies to
others. The question of a possible discrimination arises only if the difference in treatment in issue amounts to a
"hardship" inflicted on certain people (emphasis added). …
28
Belgian linguistics case, para. 10: ‘the Court, following the principles which may be extracted from the legal
practice of a large number of democratic States, holds that the principle of equality of treatment is violated if
the distinction has no objective and reasonable justification. The existence of such a justification must be assessed
in relation to the aim and effects of the measure under consideration, regard being had to the principles which
normally prevail in democratic societies. A difference of treatment in the exercise of a right laid down in
the Convention must not only pursue a legitimate aim: Article 14 (art. 14) is likewise violated when it is clearly
established that there is no reasonable relationship of proportionality between the means employed and the aim
sought to be realised.’ …

7

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

relationship of proportionality between the means employed and the objective aimed
at, to such an extent as to constitute discrimination. 29
The conventional focus of the Court was direct discrimination, cases where the differential
treatment was explicit. The reluctance to accept indirect discrimination cases may be explained
by the Court’s declared standard of proof, “beyond reasonable doubt”. Such a high standard
cannot be satisfied with statistical inferences or presumptions.30 However, the Court is
increasingly willing to decide on applications alleging indirect discrimination.
The concept has been examined by the Court in Hugh Jordan, where it provided a definition
of indirect discrimination: “[w]here a general policy or measure has disproportionately
prejudicial effects on a particular group, it is not excluded that this may be considered as
discriminatory notwithstanding that it is not specifically aimed or directed at that group”.31
The Court also referred to the ECRI General Policy Recommendation no. 7, according to which
indirect racial discrimination
shall mean cases where an apparently neutral factor such as a provision, criterion or
practice cannot be as easily complied with by, or disadvantages ... persons belonging
to a group designated by a ground such as race, colour, language, religion, nationality
or national or ethnic origin, unless this factor has an objective and reasonable
justification. This latter would be the case if it pursues a legitimate aim and if there is a
reasonable relationship of proportionality between the means employed and the aim
sought to be realised.32
According to these definitions, when an indirect discrimination claim is made to the Court,
what needs to be proved is that there is a neutral provision or a de facto situation, that puts
persons of a racial or ethnic origin at a particular disadvantage, there is a comparator in a
relevantly similar situation, and that provision is not objectively justified by a legitimate aim.
The neutral provision, criterion or practice is applied to everybody, but disadvantages
significantly a “protected group”. Therefore, indirect discrimination differs from direct
discrimination in that the latter requires differential treatment, while the former requires similar
treatment with differential effects.33 A good indicator of a differential effect is statistical data,

29

Belgian linguistics case, para. 42. …
Rory O'Connell, 'Cinderella comes to the Ball: Article 14 and the right to non-discrimination in the ECHR'
(2009) 29 (2) Legal Studies: The Journal of the Society of Legal Scholars 211-229, p. 10. …
31
Hugh Jordan v. the United Kingdom, para. 154. …
32
ECRI General Policy Recommendation No. 7, para. 1 (c) (emphasis added) …
33
Handbook on European Non-Discrimination Law, p. 56. …
30

8

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

which is often used as evidence in cases of indirect discrimination. The evidentiary value of
statistics in proving indirect discrimination is discussed further in Chapter 4.
The last element of an indirect discrimination claim is the comparator: a group that is
advantaged by the contested measure, compared to the “protected group”.34 While in some
cases, the comparator is easy to identify, when, for example, comparing men to women,
disabled persons to non-disabled persons, homosexual couples to heterosexual couples, in other
cases it might be challenging. In D.H. and others, Judge Šikuta argued that instead of
comparing Roma children attending special schools to non-Roma children attending ordinary
schools, the comparator group should be non-Roma children attending the same special schools
as Roma children.35 While the majority of the Grand Chamber did not agree with this concept,
this argument shows the difficulties when it comes to establishing the comparator in a
relevantly similar situation.
As stated in Hugh Jordan, the rule, policy or measure is not required to be aimed at the
“protected group”, clarifying that an indirectly discriminatory practice does not require
discriminatory intent.36 The Handbook on European Non-Discrimination Law also discusses
that racial prejudice or the intention to discriminate is irrelevant from the perspective of indirect
discrimination.37
The question whether discriminatory intent has to be proved by the applicant alleging violation
of the right to non-discrimination arose in D.H. and others. The significance of the aim of the
neutral rule, policy or measure is discussed further in the context of the standard of proof.
The European Social Charter
The European Social Charter is the Council of Europe’s main human rights instrument
regarding social and economic rights. It guarantees rights related to employment, housing,

34

Handbook on European Non-Discrimination Law, pp. 57-58. …
D.H. and others, Grand Chamber, Dissenting opinion of Judge Šikuta: ‘I found no legal or factual ground in
the instant case for the conclusion that Roma children attending special school were treated less favourably than
non-Roma children attending the same special school. It is not acceptable to conclude that only Roma children
attending special schools were discriminated against in comparison to non-Roma children (or all children)
attending ordinary schools, since these two groups of children are not “persons in [an] otherwise similar situation”.
It is also not acceptable to conclude this because both “groups” had the same conditions of access and attended
both types of school: non-Roma children were attending special schools and, at the same time, Roma children
were attending ordinary schools solely on the basis of the results achieved by passing the psychological test, which
test was the same for all children regardless of their race.’ …
36
D.H. and others, Grand Chamber, para. 194. …
37
Handbook on European Non-Discrimination Law, pp. 239-240. …
35

9

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

health, education, social protection and welfare. The 1961 Charter included a reference to nondiscrimination in its Preamble: ‘the enjoyment of social rights should be secured without
discrimination on grounds of race, colour, sex, religion, political opinion, national extraction
or social origin’.38 In 1996, the Council of Europe adopted the revised Social Charter, and
added a separate article that prohibits discrimination. The list of the grounds is more extensive
than the grounds in the Preamble, however, it is not an exhaustive list.39
Article E of the ESC establishes the right not to be discriminated against. 40 The wording of the
article is identical to Article 14 of ECHR. The scope of the prohibition of discrimination is
limited to the enjoyment of the rights enshrined in the Charter. It provides protection from
discrimination on ‘any ground such as race, colour, sex, language, religion, political or other
opinion, national extraction or social origin, health, association with a national minority, birth
or other status’. The article does not elaborate further on the concept of discrimination.
However, in its decision on the collective complaint by the International Association AutismEurope, the European Committee of Social Rights considered that that Article E had been
inserted to the Charter to ‘help secure the equal effective enjoyment of all the rights concerned
regardless of difference’.41 The Committee interpreted the scope of Article E, and concluded
that it does not only prohibit direct discrimination, but also all forms of indirect discrimination,
such as ‘failing to take due and positive account of all relevant differences or by failing to take
adequate steps to ensure that the rights and collective advantages that are open to all are
genuinely accessible by and to all’.42
Framework Convention for the Protection of National Minorities
In 1995, the Council of Europe adopted the Framework Convention for the Protection of
National Minorities, to promote ‘effective protection of national minorities and of the rights
and freedoms of persons belonging to those minorities.’43 Article 4 of the Framework
Convention prohibits discrimination based on belonging to a national minority, and it defines
the States’ positive obligations in order to guarantee equality (emphasis added):

38

European Social Charter 1961, Preamble
Explanatory report to the European Social Charter (revised), para. 136.
40
European Social Charter (revised), Art. E.
41
Collective complaint n°13/2002, para. 51.
42
Collective complaint n°13/2002, para. 52.
43
Framework Convention for the Protection of National Minorities, Preamble
39

10

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

1. The Parties undertake to guarantee to persons belonging to national minorities the
right of equality before the law and of equal protection of the law. In this respect, any
discrimination based on belonging to a national minority shall be prohibited.
2. The Parties undertake to adopt, where necessary, adequate measures in order to
promote, in all areas of economic, social, political and cultural life, full and effective
equality between persons belonging to a national minority and those belonging to the
majority. In this respect, they shall take due account of the specific conditions of the
persons belonging to national minorities.
3. The measures adopted in accordance with paragraph 2 shall not be considered to be
an act of discrimination.44
Article 4(2) describes that States are obligated to adopt measures that promote equality.
According to the Advisory Committee, special attention should be paid to the most
disadvantaged segments of society, and the targeted measures must take into consideration the
‘various manifestations of multiple discrimination that may be experienced, including those
arising from factors that are unrelated to the national minority background such as age, gender,
sexual orientation and lifestyle markers’.45
The principle of positive differentiation, considering the specific conditions of people
belonging to national minorities has also been articulated by the European Court of Human
Rights.

In the Thlimmenos v. Greece decision, the Court elaborated the concept of

discrimination, stating that the “right not to be discriminated against in the enjoyment of the
rights guaranteed under the Convention is also violated when States without an objective and
reasonable justification fail to treat differently persons whose situations are significantly
different”46. The State, therefore, has a positive obligation to treat persons differently in
situations where similar treatment would have a discriminatory effect.
Furthermore, as it is discussed in the following chapters, in D.H. and others and Oršuš and
others, the Court elaborated on the implications of the failure to take the specificities of
members of a national minority into consideration when applying a neutral rule or measure to
them.
The Council of Europe instruments stipulate the framework of non-discrimination, providing
the prohibition of discrimination, elaborating on the “protected ground” and stipulating the
obligations of the States in this regard. The scope of discrimination and some procedural

44

Framework Convention for the Protection of National Minorities, Article 4. …
Advisory Committee on the Framework Convention for the Protection of National Minorities: The Framework
Convention: a key tool to managing diversity through minority rights, para. 66. …
46
Thlimennos v. Greece, para. 44. …
45

11

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

matters are specified further in European Union instruments. As mentioned before, the
European Court of Human Rights considers all relevant international and regional law during
the interpretation of the Convention, therefore these instruments are discussed in the next
subchapter.
2. 1. 2. The Framework of the European Union
The non-discrimination principle is one of the fundamental values of the European Union, and
according to Article 10 of the Treaty of the Functioning of the EU, the aim of the Union is to
combat discrimination based on sex, racial or ethnic origin, religion or belief, age, disability or
sexual orientation.47 This principle is further elaborated in various sources of EU legislation.
Moreover, Article 13 of the Treaty establishing the European Community affords the right to
the Council to take appropriate action to ‘combat discrimination based on sex, racial or ethnic
origin, religion or belief, disability, age or sexual orientation’.48
European Union Charter of Fundamental Rights
The Charter of Fundamental Rights has been incorporated into the European Union’s
constitutional law, when the Treaty of Lisbon granted legal force to it.49 The Charter provides
protection of fundamental rights, and it has a close relationship with the European Convention
of Human Rights. Article 6 of the Treaty on the European Union guarantees the legally binding
nature of the Charter, declares the accession of the European Union to the ECHR and it states
that the fundamental rights ensured by the Charter and the ECHR form the general principles
of the European Union’s law.50 Moreover, the European Court of Human Rights consistently
refers to the Charter’s provision, thus improving the level of protection of the Convention
rights.51
The Charter, under the chapter ‘Equality’, makes a distinction between equality before the law
and the prohibition of discrimination. Article 20 articulates the basic principle of the EU law,
that is ‘[e]veryone is equal before the law.’52 Article 21 contains the prohibition of

47

Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, Art. 10. …
Treaty establishing the European Communities, Art. 13. …
49
The Charter of Fundamental Rights: History and Prospects of Post-Lisbon Europe. David Anderson Q.C. and
Cian C. Murphy. European University Institute of Florence, Department of Law. Working Paper. 2011/08, p. 7.
50
Treaty on European Union, Article 6.
51
The Charter of Fundamental Rights: History and Prospects of Post-Lisbon Europe. David Anderson Q.C. and
Cian C. Murphy. European University Institute of Florence, Department of Law. Working Paper. 2011/08, pp.
18-19.
52
European Union Charter of Fundamental Rights, Article 20.
48

12

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

discrimination based on ‘any ground such as sex, race, colour, ethnic or social origin, genetic
features, language, religion or belief, political or any other opinion, membership of a national
minority, property, birth, disability, age or sexual orientation’53.
The concept of discrimination is further elaborated by Council Directives implementing equal
treatment between persons irrespective of racial or ethnic origin54, establishing a general
framework for equal treatment in employment and occupation55, and implementing the
principle of equal opportunities and equal treatment of men and women in matters of
employment and occupation56. These directives contain definitions of direct and indirect
discrimination, and regulations on the allocation of the burden of proof in discrimination cases.
Due to the similar wordings and consequent similar interpretation of the directives regarding
these issues, for the purposes of this thesis, only the racial and ethnic equality directive is
examined further.
Council Directive 2000/43/EC
Council Directive 2000/43/EC implements the principle of equal treatment between persons
irrespective of racial or ethnic origin. While providing the general prohibition of discrimination
and restating the principle of equality before the law, the Directive defines the concept of
discrimination. It differentiates between direct and indirect discrimination based on racial or
ethnic origin.57 The scope of the Directive, however, is limited, as it does not cover differences
in treatment based on nationality.58
According to Article 2 §1, direct discrimination occurs when ‘one person is treated less
favourably than another is, has been or would be treated in a comparable situation on grounds
of racial or ethnic origin’.59 The definition includes a comparator, meaning that when alleging
discrimination, the less favourable treatment must be established with persons in similar
situation. According to the definition provided by the directive, the comparator needs to be
suitable: persons in relevantly similar situations, with the main difference between the applicant
and the persons in similar situation is the protected ground.60 The Handbook on European NonEuropean Union Charter of Fundamental Rights, Article 21.
Council Directive 2000/43/EC
55
Council Directive 2000/78/EC
56
Council Directive 2006/54/EC
57
Council Directive 2000/43/EC, article 2 §1.
58
Council Directive 2000/43/EC, Preamble, para. 13.
59
Council Directive 2000/43/EC, article 2 §2(a)
60
Handbook on European Non-Discrimination Law, pp. 44-45.
53
54

13

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

Discrimination Law adds that the comparator is not an abstract concept, it ‘should be assessed
in light of the aim of the contested measure’.61
The Directive also provides a definition of indirect discrimination:
an apparently neutral provision, criterion or practice would put persons of a racial or
ethnic origin at a particular disadvantage compared with other persons, unless that
provision, criterion or practice is objectively justified by a legitimate aim and the means
of achieving that aim are appropriate and necessary.62
Not only does the Directive provide definitions for both direct and indirect discrimination, it
also contains rules as to the value of statistical evidence and the shared burden of proof in
indirect racial discrimination cases.63 Both paragraph 21 and Article 8 of the Directive provides
that during the assessment of an indirect discrimination claim, the burden of proof is distributed
between the parties in a manner that when the applicant alleging violation of his rights provides
evidence to establish a rebuttable presumption that the respondent violated his right to nondiscrimination, the burden to prove that there has been no violation of the principle of equal
treatment shifts to the respondent.64 Furthermore, the Directive explicitly allows for statistical
evidence to be used to establish indirect discrimination.65 These concepts are discussed further
in the following chapters of the thesis.
After establishing the concept of indirect discrimination and the elements that require proving
during the proceedings before the Court, the next part of this chapter examines the framework
of the collection and admissibility of evidence in Court proceedings.

2.2. Framework for the Collection and Admissibility of Evidence
The European Court of Human Rights is a unique judicial body, compared to domestic courts
and international criminal tribunals with statutory rules regarding evidentiary and procedural

61

Handbook on European Non-Discrimination Law, p. 47.
Council Directive 2000/43/EC, article 2 §2(b) (emphasis added)
63
Council Directive 2000/43/EC, Preamble paras. 15, 21, 22
64
Council Directive 2000/43/EC, Preamble para. 21 and Article 8.
65
Council Directive 2000/43/EC, Preamble para. 15: The appreciation of the facts from which it may be inferred
that there has been direct or indirect discrimination is a matter for national judicial or other competent bodies, in
accordance with rules of national law or practice. Such rules may provide in particular for indirect discrimination
to be established by any means including on the basis of statistical evidence.
62

14

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

matters. The ECtHR creates its own rules66, therefore enjoys large-scale freedom in the
admissibility, collection and evaluation of evidence.
Examining the regulation of the collection and admissibility of evidence requires an
explanation of the role of the Court in the proceedings. There are two types of procedures, the
inquisitorial and the adversarial, though none of them exists in the pure form. In the
inquisitorial (or investigatory) procedure – as its name suggests – courts are actively involved
in fact-finding. The adversarial system, however, limits the courts’ role to decide whether the
facts of the case are supported by conclusive evidence presented by the parties.67
Looking at the Convention and the Rules of the Court68, it is clear that the regulation suggests
that the Court follows an inquisitorial procedure69. Article 38 of the ECHR stipulates that the
collection of the relevant evidence is a joint effort of all parties and the Court:
The Court shall examine the case together with the representatives of the parties and, if
need be, undertake an investigation, for the effective conduct of which the High
Contracting Parties concerned shall furnish all necessary facilities.70
This principle is further underlined in the case of Ireland v. the United Kingdom, where the
court reinstated that it examines all the material submitted to it, from all sources and if
necessary, it obtains material proprio motu.71
Therefore, according to Article 38, there are two ways to establish the facts of a case. The
Court, on one hand, examines the submissions from all parties. On the other hand, when the
Court considers it necessary, it conducts proprio motu investigation. Rule A2 of the Annex to
the Rules of the Court sets out the obligations of the parties during this procedure: ‘[t]he
applicant and any Contracting Party concerned shall assist the Court as necessary in
implementing any investigative measures’72. The precise rules of the investigation and the

66

Article 25 (d) of the European Convention on Human Rights provides that adopting the Rules of the Court is
one of the tasks of the Plenary Court.
67
Limitations Clauses, Evidence, and the Burden of Proof in the European Court of Human Rights, T. Jeremy
Gunn, p. 203.
68
Annex to the Rules of the Court, Rules A1-A8.
69
Kokott also concluded that the procedures before international tribunals generally have an
investigatory/inquisitory structure. Human rights proceedings, similarly, are also investigatory due to their
“attempt to compensate for the subordinate position of the individual, as compared with the state, in human rights
actions”. The Burden of Proof in Comparative and International Human Rights Law: Civil and Common Law
Approaches with Special Reference to the American and German Legal Systems. Juliane Kokott. The Hague,
London, Boston: Kluwer Law International, 1998, p. 194.
70
ECHR, Article 38. …
71
Ireland v. the United Kingdom, para. 160. …
72
Annex to the Rules of the Court, Rule A2 …

15

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

obligations of the parties are well defined in the Annex. However, due to the fact that in indirect
discrimination cases the Court primarily relies on documentary evidence submitted by the
parties and rarely exercises its investigatory powers, the focus of this chapter is the source of
submitted documentary evidence.73
The extensive reliance on existing documentary evidence can be explained by the subsidiary
nature of the Court.74 Article 1 of ECHR sets out that the States are obliged to implement the
Convention guarantees.75 Moreover, the admissibility criterion of exhaustion of domestic
remedies allows the national authorities to address any complaints before the Court examines
the matter.76 The shared responsibility and the subsidiary character of the Court is highlighted
in the Brighton Declaration:
The States Parties and the Court share responsibility for realising the effective
implementation of the Convention, underpinned by the fundamental principle of
subsidiarity. The Convention was concluded on the basis, inter alia, of the sovereign
equality of States. States Parties must respect the rights and freedoms guaranteed by the
Convention and must effectively resolve violations at the national level. The Court acts
as a safeguard for violations that have not been remedied at the national level.77
In addition, according to the doctrine of the fourth-instance rule, the Court’s jurisdiction is
limited to confirm that the domestic provisions have been interpreted and applied correctly.78
The Court also articulated in Rocha v. the United Kingdom, that it has a subsidiary role to the
domestic proceedings:
Where, moreover, the superior national courts have analysed in a comprehensive and
convincing manner the precise nature of the impugned restriction, on the basis of the
relevant Convention case-law and principles drawn therefrom, this Court would need
strong reasons to differ from the conclusion reached by those courts by substituting its
own views for those of the national courts on a question of interpretation of domestic
law […].79

73

The Explanatory Report to Protocol 14 of the Convention, states that the proceedings of the Court in principle
have an adversarial character: the ‘new procedure […] preserves the adversarial character of proceedings and
the principle of judicial and collegiate decision-making on the merits.’73 Paragraph 73 of the report reinstates that
the Court has a principle of ‘adversarial proceedings’. This can probably be explained with the fact that the Court,
in most cases, relies on the documentary evidence submitted by the parties.
74
Sabino Cassese: Ruling indirectly - Judicial subsidiarity in the ECtHR: ‘Subsidiarity has been used to distribute
functions along a vertical line, between the centre and the periphery. In this context, the main purpose of
subsidiarity is to allocate functions so that centralisation can be avoided, and to ensure an efficient allocation of
power. […] The purpose [of the use of subsidiarity in Protocol No. 15] is not to allocate functions, but to check
the uniformity of the application of supranational principles and rules in national contexts.’, pp. 7-8.
75
European Convention on Human Rights, Art. 1
76
ECHR, Art. 35. (1)
77
Brighton Declaration, para. 3.
78
Seminar to mark the official opening of the judicial year, Background paper, 30 January 2015, para. 12.
79
Rocha v. the United Kingdom, para 120.

16

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

While the subsidiary role of the Court is clearly articulated by the Convention and the Court
itself, looking at the judgments in cases of indirect discrimination, especially when they
concern a vulnerable national minority, it is evident that the Grand Chamber of the Court does
not refrain from overturning Chamber decisions, even when the conclusions in the Chamber
judgments are similar to superior national courts.
Sources of evidence
As indicated before, the Court’s primary source of evidence is the submission of the parties.
The applicant, when alleging violation of the Convention, must present his arguments and
evidence supporting his claims. The content of the application is governed by the Rules of the
Court, that requires the applicant to provide a concise and legible statement of the facts of the
case, the alleged violation of the Convention and the supporting arguments, and a concise and
legible statement confirming his compliance with the admissibility criteria.80 These statements
must be sufficient to enable the Court to establish the scope and nature of the application.81
Furthermore, Rule 47 obliges the applicant to submit documentary evidence supporting his
claim: documents relating to the measures or decision complained of, documents and decisions
showing that the applicant complied with the exhaustion of domestic remedies requirement and
the time-limit, documents relating to any other international investigation or settlement.82
The Court assesses admissibility of the application based on the facts, arguments and
supporting evidence presented in the application. The admissibility assessment of the
application is effectively a preliminary test on merits. Therefore, the applicant must submit a
convincing argument disclosing a prima facie case, otherwise the application may be dismissed
as manifestly ill-founded.83 Due to this rule, and the suggestion that the Court acts as a fourthinstance judicial body, the facts of the cases are usually well established by the time the
application reaches the Court.
However, in some cases the Court requires additional information from the parties. The most
common way of the Court exercising its investigatory power is when it requests evidence from
a party. During both the admissibility procedure, and after the admission of an application, the

80

Rules of the Court, Rule 47, 1(e)-(g)
Rules of the Court, Rule 47, 2
82
Rules of the Court, Rule 47, 3.1 (a)-(c)
83
Mačkić, Jasmina. Proving Discriminatory Violence at the European Court of Human Rights, 2018, p.100.
81

17

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

Court may request the parties to submit further evidence and observations. According to Rule
54, the Chamber may
(a) request the parties to submit any factual information, documents or other material
considered by the Chamber or its President to be relevant;
(b) give notice of the application or part of the application to the respondent Contracting
Party and invite that Party to submit written observations thereon and, upon receipt
thereof, invite the applicant to submit observations in reply;
(c) invite the parties to submit further observations in writing.84
All parties have the obligation to participate effectively in the proceedings. Rule 44C of the
Rules of the Court provides the following: ‘[w]here a party fails to adduce evidence or provide
information requested by the Court or to divulge relevant information of its own motion or
otherwise fails to participate effectively in the proceedings, the Court may draw such inferences
as it deems appropriate’. 85
When examining a case, the Court may also rely on documents produced by external actors,
given that these documents can assist establishing the facts of the case or provide relevant
information.86 The generally used documents are reports and observations of competent
international bodies in the Council of Europe. In indirect discrimination cases, the Court often
refers to general recommendations of the European Commission against Racism and
Intolerance. Furthermore, observations of intergovernmental bodies outside the Council of
Europe may also be used by the Court.
In addition to the acceptance of documents produced by external actors, Article 36 of ECHR
and Rule 44 of the Rules of the Court allows for third-party interventions in any individual
proceedings before the Court. The permission of intervention must be requested from the
President of the Chamber. The permission, after it is granted, defines the conditions of the
intervention: it specifies the maximum length of written submission, sets time-limits for
lodging submissions, and it defines the conditions regarding the matters that can be covered in
the submissions.87 Typically, the submissions comment on the general state of human rights or

84

Rules of the Court, Rule 54, 2
Rules of the Court, Rule 44C (1).
86
Mačkić, Jasmina. Proving Discriminatory Violence at the European Court of Human Rights, BRILL, 2018, p. 91.
87
Mačkić, p. 115.
85

18

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

specific issues of the law in a country. A firm rule is that the submission may be partly or fully
refused if it comments on the facts or the merits of the case. 88
Article 36 of ECHR allows for three types of intervention. It grants the right to submit written
comments and take part of hearings to any State party, to which the applicant is a national.89
The second type of intervention is when the President of the Court invites States parties to the
Convention, or any persons concerned to submit written observations and take part of the
hearings.90 This type of intervention can be further divided to three categories: intervention by
governments with specific interest in the subject matter; intervention by people who are directly
implicated in the facts of the case; intervention by NGOs with expert knowledge or particular
experience in the subject matter.91 The third type of intervention allowed by the ECHR is the
right of the Council of Europe Commissioner for Human Rights to submit written comments
and take part in hearings in any case of the Court.92
For the purposes of this thesis, the most important types of third-party interventions are of the
NGOs’ and the Commissioner’s for Human Rights, as the Court’s judgments in indirect
discrimination cases cite reports from both of these sources.
NGOs are capable of providing valuable information on the status of human rights in countries.
The Court has a long tradition to use documentation produced by NGOs to understand relevant
human rights issues in a member State. NGOs also appeared as applicants and functioned as
both representatives of applicants and third-party interveners before the Court. Furthermore,
they assisted the Court to interpret the scope and meaning of certain provisions, and they also
provided comparative legal analysis and practical information on various legal issues.93
The Commissioner for Human Rights is an independent and impartial non-judicial institution
that promotes education in, awareness of and respect for human rights.94 The Commissioner’s
responsibilities include assisting the Member States in the promotion and protection of human
rights and in the prevention of violations of these rights. In carrying out this function, the
Commissioner cooperates with national institutions to develop an effective system to protect
88

Mačkić, p. 115. …
ECHR, Art. 36 § 1 …
90
ECHR, Art. 36 § 2 …
91
Mačkić, p.116. …
92
ECHR, Art. 36 §3 …
93
Mačkić, p. 120. …
94
Resolution (99) 50 on the Council of Europe Commissioner for Human Rights (adopted by the Committee of
Ministers on 7 May 1999 at its 104th Session), art. 1-2. …
89

19

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

human rights, performs country visits and draws up country reports evaluating the human rights
situation and offering recommendations for improvement where necessary. These activities
enable him to determine the existence of systematic human rights issues, therefore he is
competent to provide information to the Court on systematic or structural weaknesses.95
As mentioned before, the Court rarely conducts fact-findings or investigation, so it relies on
information submitted by the parties or third-party interveners. In the chapters below, during
the discussion on the cases of alleged indirect discrimination in conjunction with the right to
education, the importance of the documents produced by independent supervisory bodies,
national and international NGOs and other organisations is demonstrated.
After establishing the elements that need proving in a discrimination claim, and the sources of
evidence in proceedings before the Court, the next chapter examines the burden of proof in
cases of alleged indirect discrimination based on association with a national minority.

95

Mačkić, Jasmina. Proving Discriminatory Violence at the European Court of Human Rights, BRILL, 2018, p.
118.

20

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

3. The Burden of Proof under the European Convention of Human Rights
3.1. The Principles of the Allocation of the Burden of Proof
The burden of proof comprises of two obligations: the burden to provide evidence and the
burden of persuasion. 96 The burden to come forward with evidence can be characterised as the
“objective burden of proof” or “evidential burden of proof”, while the burden of persuasion is
a “subjective” or “legal” burden of proof.97 As discussed above, based on the Convention, the
Court has the power to conduct investigations, and fact-finding missions.98 However, given the
fact that the proceedings before the Court require the applicant(s) to exhaust all available
domestic remedies, the facts of the cases are generally well established when the application
alleging violation of a Convention right is submitted to the Court. Therefore, in the context of
this thesis, burden of proof refers to the burden of persuasion.
It is the author’s view that in order to analyse the burden of proof in the proceedings before the
European Court of Human Rights and the standard of proof of the Court, it is important to
clarify the role of the Court in this context. Article 19 of the Convention states that the purpose
of the Court is to ‘ensure the observance of the engagements undertaken by the High
Contracting Parties in the Convention and the Protocols thereto’.99 In its review of the
individual applications submitted to it, the Court’s classical approach is to conduct a full review
on the merits of the case and applies the margin of appreciation to decide on the strictness of
its review.100
Protocol 15 amending the ECHR states that the Court has a supervisory function, emphasising
its subsidiary role in the protection of human rights:
the High Contracting Parties, in accordance with the principle of subsidiarity, have the
primary responsibility to secure the rights and freedoms defined in this Convention and

96

The Burden of Proof in Comparative and International Human Rights Law: Civil and Common Law Approaches
with Special Reference to the American and German Legal Systems. Juliane Kokott. The Hague, London, Boston:
Kluwer Law International, 1998, p. 177
97
Ibid, 1998, p. 150.
98
Article 38: The Court shall examine the case together with the representatives of the parties and, if need be,
undertake an investigation, for the effective conduct of which the High Contracting Parties concerned shall furnish
all necessary facilities.
99
Article 19 of ECHR
100
Arnardóttir, Oddný Mjöll. The Brighton Aftermath and the Changing Role of the European Court of Human
Rights. Journal of International Dispute Settlement, Issue 9. 2018, p.228.

21

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

the Protocols thereto, and that in doing so they enjoy a margin of appreciation, subject
to the supervisory jurisdiction of the European Court of Human Rights […]101
The explanatory report to Protocol 15 explains that the reason behind the restatement of the
subsidiary role of the Court is ‘to enhance the transparency and accessibility of these
characteristics of the Convention system’.102 It also emphasises the primary role of the States
to implement the Convention, where the Court has a supervisory function limited by the margin
of appreciation.103
During the Brighton Conferences, it has been suggested that the Court’s role should be
reviewed. The idea was that the Court would be “constitutionalised”, meaning that in its
supervisory role it would not examine all individual cases.104 Instead, the focus would be on
important key cases, where the Court would concentrate on ‘serious or widespread violations,
systemic and structural problems, and important questions of interpretation and application of
the Convention’105 In the author’s view, the reform of the Court in this direction would ensure
better protection of the Convention rights, especially in cases of indirect racial discrimination.
As it is demonstrated in the next chapter of this thesis, addressing complex structural problems
regarding covert discrimination of national minorities is difficult within the scope of individual
application.
While the notion to “constitutionalise” was rejected, and the Court continues to examine
applications in its traditional role, from the analysis of the standard of proof, and the decisions
in D.H. and others and Oršuš and others, it can be concluded that the Court is not completely
reluctant to examine systemic and structural issues through individual applications.
Examining the burden of proof requires to establish the main principles of the concept.
According to the legal maxim onus probandi actori incumbit, the burden of proof lies on the
applicant. This principle originates from civil law proceedings, where the party bringing
forward a claim bears the burden to provide convincing evidence supporting his claim.106 The
approach is similar in international human rights law adjudication.

101

Additional Protocol no. 15 Amending the ECHR, Art. 1. …
Explanatory Report to Protocol No. 15 amending the Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and
Fundamental Freedoms Strasbourg, 24.VI.2013, Art. 1, (7)
103
Ibid. Art. 1 (9)
104
The Brighton Aftermath and the Changing Role of the ECtHR, p. 226.
105
Brighton Declaration (n 3) para. 33
106
Christopher Roberts: Reversing the burden of proof before human rights bodies. The International Journal of
Human Rights, 2021, p. 3.
102

22

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

This principle is based on the presumption of compliance. The Vienna Convention on the Law
of Treaties contains the statement that ‘[e]very treaty in force is binding upon the parties to it
and must be performed by them in good faith’.107 Moreover, Article 1 of the European
Convention on Human Rights contains the general obligation of the States Parties to secure the
rights and freedoms defined in the Convention.108 Therefore, the presumption is that states
comply with their legal obligations.109 Consequently, the principle affirmanti incumbit probatio
means that the applicant alleging discrimination on the basis of association with a national
minority in breach of Article 14 of the Convention or Article 1 of Protocol 12 bears the burden
to prove that the State was not in compliance with the Convention.110
The principle that the burden of proof in proceedings before the European Court of Human
Rights is essentially placed on the applicant can be derived from Article 35 of the
Convention111. The article regulates the admissibility of the individual applications. When
submitting a claim to the Court alleging violation of a Convention right, the applicant has to
provide evidence that he exhausted all available domestic remedies, the application is
submitted within the 6-month limit and that the claim is substantiated.112 As discussed in the
previous chapter, the admissibility criteria suggests that when the application is submitted to
the Court, the facts of the case have to be established, as the applicant is required to provide
sufficient information and evidence together with the application.113 Failing to satisfy this
requirement will lead to the inadmissibility of the application as manifestly ill-founded.114 This
obligation to have a prima facie case established already in the admissibility assessment
suggests that the Court, as a general rule, applies the principle affirmanti incumbit probatio.
However, in Merabishvili v. Georgia, the Court noted that ‘as a general rule, the burden of
proof is not borne by one or the other party because the Court examines all material before it
irrespective of its origin’.115 This statement confirms the principle laid down in Article 38, that
the Court examines each case together with the representatives of the parties, and if necessary,
it conducts investigation proprio motu.116 The Court also articulated in Timurtaş v. Turkey, that
107

Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties, Article 26.
ECHR, Article 1.
109
Reversing the burden of proof before human rights bodies, Christopher Roberts, p. 31
110
Ibid. p.36.
111
ECHR, Article 35.
112
ECHR, Article 35.
113
Rules of the Court, Rule 47.
114
ECHR, Article 35. §3(a)
115
Merabishvili v. Georgia, para. 311.
116
ECHR, Art. 38
108

23

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

‘Convention proceedings do not in all cases lend themselves to rigorous application of the
principle of affirmanti incumbit probatio (he who alleges something must prove that
allegation)’.117
The difficulty of allocating the burden of proof lies in the nature of the proceedings before the
Court. In a case filed under Article 34, the parties are the individual alleging violation of his
Convention rights, and the respondent State. This causes an imbalance in power, as the access
to evidence might be significantly limited for the individual applicant.118 The Human Rights
Committee formulated that ‘[w]ith regard to the burden of proof, this cannot rest alone on the
author of the communication, especially considering that the author and the State party do not
always have equal access to the evidence and that frequently the State party alone has access
to relevant information.’119 Consequently, the allocation of the burden of proof in proceedings
under Article 34 reflects the purpose of the European Court of Human Rights, that is to assure
that States comply with their obligations under the Convention and refrain from violations of
the substantive rights. 120
The Convention does not provide explicit guidance on the allocation of the burden of proof.
The Court, acting in its supervisory function, decides on who bears the burden to prove facts
on a case-to-case basis. The considerations behind the allocation are related closely to the
margin of appreciation. The margin of appreciation is in practice a balancing of interests,
between the sovereignty of States regarding the implementation of the Convention, and the
protection of the rights enshrined in the Convention.121 A wide margin essentially signals the
reliance on the States’ due diligence with regards to the implementation of the Convention
rights and the establishment of an effective control mechanism. In cases where the Court
applies a wide margin of appreciation, the burden of proof is placed on the applicant to prove
that the State is at fault in guaranteeing his Convention rights. On the other hand, a narrow
margin of appreciation means that the burden of proof lies on the State.122

117

Timurtaş v. Turkey, para. 66.
Christopher Roberts: Reversing the burden of proof before human rights bodies. The International Journal of
Human Rights, 2021, p. 6.
119
Bleier Lewenhoff v. Uru., Comm. 30/1978, U.N. Doc. A/37/40, at 130 (HRC 1982), para. 13.3
120
Christopher Roberts: Reversing the burden of proof before human rights bodies. The International Journal of
Human Rights, 2021, p. 7..
121
Arnardóttir, Oddný Mjöll. Non-discrimination Under Article 14 ECHR: the Burden of Proof. 51
Scandinavian Studies in Law 13-39. 2007, p. 18.
122
Ibid, p. 19.
118

24

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

3.2. Sharing the Burden of Proof in Cases of Indirect Discrimination
In cases of alleged indirect discrimination, the allocation of the burden of proof may be the
decisive factor of the outcome of the case. In international litigation, the allocation of the
burden of proof is intended to help ensure that a decision is reached, even in cases where
evidence is unclear or uncertain.

123

In this context, it is important to note that while the

European Court of Human rights follows the principle the applicant has to substantiate his
claims, international adjudication operates on the basis that a court is expected to know the
law, therefore, only relevant facts of the case require proving.124
Proving discrimination, especially indirect discrimination can be difficult. As mentioned
before, due to the imbalance of power between the parties, applicants often do not have or have
only limited access to evidence. The rules on the burden of proof therefore must be adapted to
ensure protection of the Convention right. The Court formulated its principle regarding the
allocation of the burden of proof in the Husayn judgment: ‘the level of persuasion necessary
for reaching a particular conclusion and, in this connection, the distribution of the burden of
proof, are intrinsically linked to the specificity of the facts, the nature of the allegation made
and the Convention right at stake.’125
This principle suggests that the allocation of the burden of proof will be decided on a case-tocase basis, considering all circumstances. This is in line with the balancing between the
interests at stake.
While the Convention itself does not provide guidance on the burden of proof, there is extensive
legislation in the European Union regarding the allocation in cases of discrimination. As
mentioned before, Council Directive 2000/43/EC provides the following on the burden of
proof:

123

This principle is rooted in the unique position of international courts, especially of the European Court of
Human Rights. The ECtHR cannot leave a case undecided (prohibition of non-liquet), therefore, referring back to
Lord Hoffmann’s words: “If the party who bears the burden of proof fails to discharge it, a value of zero is returned
and the fact is treated as not having happened. If he does discharge it, a value of one is returned and the fact is
treated as having happened”. Hence, the burden of proof can be a decisive factor. See: Kokott, p. 157, and Foster,
Caroline E. Burden of Proof in International Courts and Tribunals. Australian Year Book of International Law
Vol. 29, issue 1, 2010. p. 3.
124
, Foster, Caroline E. Burden of Proof in International Courts and Tribunals. Australian Year Book of
International Law Vol. 29, issue 1, 2010. p. 81.
125
Husayn (Abu Zubaydah) v. Poland, para. 394. (emphasis added)

25

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

[…] when persons who consider themselves wronged because the principle of equal
treatment has not been applied to them establish, before a court or other competent
authority, facts from which it may be presumed that there has been direct or indirect
discrimination, it shall be for the respondent to prove that there has been no breach of
the principle of equal treatment.126
When the applicant alleging indirect discrimination can establish a prima facie case, the burden
of proof must shift to the respondent State. Once the complainant has established facts from
which a difference in treatment can be presumed, the onus is on the respondent State to prove
that the difference in treatment was not discriminatory, because it had an objective and
reasonable justification.
As discussed in the second chapter of the thesis, the facts that need to be established when
claiming indirect discrimination under the Convention is that the applicant, as a result of a
seemingly neutral provision or practice, was placed in a significantly disadvantaged position
compared to persons in an analogous or relevantly similar situation. It is for the Court to
determine the point at which such facts have been established. The rationale behind this
departure from the traditional legal proceedings lies in the nature of discrimination cases and
the lack of transparency that usually surrounds them, creating a challenge for the victims to
obtain sufficient evidence to prove the offence.127
The principle of shifting the burden of proof to the respondent in cases of alleged indirect
discrimination acts as a safeguard of the Convention rights of the applicant. The Court’s
primary role, as discussed before, is to protect the rights enshrined in the Convention and to
act as a fourth-instance tribunal in cases of breach of those rights. The Convention prescribes
positive obligations for the States to respect and secure the rights and freedoms defined in the
Convention.
In alleged discrimination cases, sharing the burden to proof that a violation occurred is in line
with the principle formulated by the Court in Husayn, that the rules of the distribution of the
burden is linked to the nature of the allegations, the Convention right at stake and the specificity
of the facts128. Indirect discrimination is difficult to prove, especially because of the nature of
the violations. One of the main elements of indirect discrimination based on association with a
national minority is the existence of a seemingly neutral provision, practice or policy that
126

Council Directive 2000/43/EC, Art. 8 §1.
Strategic litigation of race discrimination in Europe: from principles to practice. A manual on the theory and
practice of strategic litigation with particular reference to the EC race directive. Budapest, European Roma
Rights Center, 2004., p. 25.
128
Husayn (Abu Zubaydah) v. Poland, para. 394
127

26

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

significantly disadvantages persons belonging to that minority, compared to persons in a
relevantly similar situation.
In the discussion of the shared burden of proof, it is important to establish which party needs
to prove the different elements of indirect discrimination. The elements are a) an apparently
neutral rule, policy or practice that applies to everybody, b) that has a disproportionately
prejudicial effect on a “protected group”, and c) there is a comparator in a relevantly similar
situation.129 The difficulty of proving indirect discrimination lies in the fact that the applicant
has to prove a disproportionate effect of the rule, policy or practice, as opposed to direct
discrimination, where the element that needs proving is the different treatment.130
The applicant, when claiming indirect discrimination, has to establish that the provision,
practice or policy had a disproportionate effect on him, and that the reason for this effect is that
he belongs to the national minority. Often, evidence to prove this effect is not at the applicant’s
disposal, or the evidence available is sufficient only to establish a presumption of the indirect
discrimination, for example statistical data and reports by independent supervisory bodies. In
order to provide the applicant the protection of the right to non-discrimination, when he – with
the aid of statistical evidence, factual evidence and independent supervisory reports establishes a presumption of indirect discrimination, the burden of proof shifts to the
respondent State.
The shift of the burden of proof means that the respondent State has to provide evidence that
the provision, policy or practice is not discriminatory. The elements of indirect discrimination
provide guidance on what the respondent State has to establish to disprove the claims of the
applicant. There are two ways to prove that the respondent State is not in breach of the
Convention: the respondent can prove that the applicant is not in a relevantly similar or
comparable situation to the comparator, or that the application of the neutral rule, policy or
practice and the consequent disproportionate effect is not based on a protected ground, but it
has another objective reason.131 The respondent State, therefore, has to prove that there is no
causal link between the disproportionate effect and the applicant’s ethnicity, or that even

129

Arnardóttir, Oddný Mjöll. Non-discrimination Under Article 14 ECHR: the Burden of Proof. 51 Scandinavian
Studies in Law 13-39. 2007, pp. 21-23.
130
Handbook of European Non-Discrimination Law, p. 56
131
Ibid, p.232.

27

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

though there is a link, the different treatment is serving a legitimate aim and the measures
applied are in proportion with that aim.132
To understand the application of the principle affirmanti incumbit probatio and the necessity
of the shared burden, three cases are discussed in this chapter. All cases concerned children
belonging to the Roma minority, placed in special schools or separate classes during their
primary education.
In D.H. and others v. the Czech Republic, the applicants were attending special schools based
on the recommendation of their paediatrician or their school’s head teacher, after being
evaluated by educational psychology and child guidance centres, and with the consent of their
parents or legal guardians. The applicants alleged that their placement in special schools was
based on the fact that they belong to the Roma minority, and that the practice of placing children
in these schools based on a standardised test had a significantly disproportionate effect on
Roma children. The applicants provided statistical data to prove this effect. The Grand
Chamber of the Court, based on the statistical data, the school files of the children, and the
reports of independent supervisory bodies found that the applicants established the
presumption of indirect discrimination. Consequently, the Grand Chamber shifted the burden
of proof to the respondent State. The State had to prove that the difference in treatment – the
placement of a disproportionately large number of Roma children in special schools – had an
objective and reasonable justification. The Grand Chamber underlined that in cases where the
difference in treatment is based on colour, race or ethnic origin, the ‘the notion of objective
and reasonable justification must be interpreted as strictly as possible’.133
In Oršuš and others v. Croatia, the applicants had been placed to separate, Roma-only classes.
The reason for the placement, according to the respondent State, was their insufficient
command of the Croatian language. The applicants claimed that the curriculum of these classes
was reduced, and that there was no special programme addressing the needs of Roma pupils to
reach the adequate language proficiency. Moreover, the lack of transparent monitoring of their
improvement and the possibility of automatic transfer to mixed classes once the adequate
command of Croatian language is reached gave rise to the presumption of indirect
discrimination. The applicants submitted statistical data as evidence, however, the Grand
Chamber found that the figures did not suffice to establish a prima facie case. Nevertheless, as
132
133

Ibid, pp. 232-233.
D.H. and others, Grand Chamber, para. 196.

28

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

it has been articulated before by the Court, indirect discrimination may be proved without
statistical evidence.134 The Grand Chamber found the fact that the measure of placing children
in separate classes based on their insufficient command of the Croatian language was applied
exclusively to Roma children.135 Therefore, the Grand Chamber shifted the burden of proof to
the respondent State, that had to show that the practice was objectively justified.
The case Horváth and Kiss v. Hungary concerned two Roma applicants who were diagnosed
with mental disabilities, and consequently enrolled in a remedial school. The Court, after
evaluating the evidence submitted by the parties, concluded that the applicants were able to
establish a prima facie case of indirect discrimination based on statistical evidence of the
overrepresentation of Roma children in remedial schools, reports from independent
supervisory bodies pointing out that a significantly large number of children from the Roma
minority are misdiagnosed with mental disabilities based on their socio-economic
disadvantages or cultural differences. Moreover, the Court found that the tests employed to
assess the applicants’ learning abilities or difficulties were ‘at least’ culturally biased and did
not consider the ‘particularities and special characteristics of the Roma applicants.’136
Therefore, the burden of proof shifted to the respondent State to prove that the treatment of the
Roma children was not discriminatory.
Both D.H. and others v. Czech Republic and Oršuš and others v. Croatia originated in Chamber
decisions and were referred to the Grand Chamber. In both cases, the Chamber did not find
violations of Article 14. In D.H. and others, the Chamber did not find the evidence presented
by the applicants and third-party interveners sufficient to establish prima facie that the
respondent State violated the applicants’ rights to non-discrimination based on association with
a national minority. The Chamber found that the applicants did not discharge their burden to
establish a rebuttable presumption, therefore, the burden of proof did not shift to the respondent
State.137
In Oršuš and others, the Chamber found that while prima facie it would appear that the practice
of placing Roma children in separate classes is a discriminatory practice, the aim of the
regulation was to ‘correct factual inequalities’ between Roma and non-Roma children.138

134

D.H. and others, Grand Chamber, para. 188.
Oršuš and others, Grand Chamber, para. 121.
136
Horváth and Kiss, para. 121.
137
D.H. and others, Second Section, para. 52.
138
Oršuš and others, First Section, para. 63
135

29

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

According to the Chamber, States enjoy a margin of appreciation in the sphere of education to
correct these inequalities, therefore, the pupils’ inadequate command of the Croatian language
justified their placement in separate classes with a reduced curriculum.139
As mentioned before, both Chamber judgments were overturned by the Grand Chamber, that
found violation of Article 14 in conjunction with Article 1 of Protocol 2. The Grand Chamber
judgments, however, met with criticism in the dissenting opinions. The critique was based on
the fact that the Grand Chamber, when interpreting the scope of the protection afforded by the
ECHR and when assessing the evidence submitted by the parties, went beyond the facts of the
individual cases.
In the dissenting opinion of Oršuš and others, the Judges noted that the judgment was more
about the general situation of the Roma population in Croatia, and that the majority viewed the
case as ‘a means of further developing the notion of indirect discrimination in the Court’s
jurisprudence.’140 The Judges also criticised the majority for altering the focus and the scope
of the case beyond the claims by the applicants.141
The Grand Chamber’s decision in the D.H. and others case has also been critiqued. In the
decision, the Court established that its role is not to assess the overall situation of the Roma
minority, but to examine the individual case before it, yet it also came to the conclusion that
because the legislation in question had a disproportionate effect on the Roma community, and
the applicants are members of this community, they necessarily suffered the same
discriminatory treatment. Judge Borrego Borrego, in his dissenting opinion, considered this
approach a departure from the role of the Court.142
As demonstrated in this chapter, the purpose of the principle of sharing the burden of proof
between the applicant is to afford protection to the individuals who are alleging violation of
their Convention rights. The difficulties with regards to the allocation originate from subsidiary
role of the Court with a supervisory jurisdiction. In this role, the Court has to balance the
interests of the parties: the States’ margin of appreciation and the individual’s rights under the
Convention. Sharing the burden of proof is in line with the principle of the presumption of
compliance, as the applicant has to establish prima facie that the respondent state was in breach

Oršuš and others, First Section, para. 68.
Oršuš and others, Grand Chamber judgment, Dissention opinion, para. 15.
141
Ibid.
142
D.H. and others, Grand Chamber decision, Dissenting opinion of Judge Borrego Borrego
139
140

30

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

of his obligations under the Convention. It also takes into account the imbalance of power
between the parties. As it is articulated in the Convention, the Court examines the cases
together with the representatives of all parties.143 This provision means that while the burden
to establish a prima facie case of indirect discrimination lies on the applicant, the Court
considers all evidence submitted to it. Therefore, the burden to provide evidence to substantiate
his claim does not lie solely on the applicant.
The next chapter examines the standard of proof of the European Court of Human Rights and
analyses the evidentiary value of the material submitted by the parties and third-party
interveners.

143

ECHR, Article 38.

31

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

4. Standards of Proof in Human Rights Adjudication
4.1. Standard of Proof in the Interpretation of the European Court of Human Rights
In the discussion of the evidentiary standards of the Court, the two key concepts that need to
be distinguished are the ‘burden of proof’ and ‘standard of proof’. As discussed before, burden
of proof places the onus on one party to do the proving, while standard of proof refers to a
degree of satisfaction to which the tribunal must be persuaded of that proof.144 In legal
proceedings, different standards of proof are used: preponderance of the evidence, clear and
convincing evidence and proof beyond reasonable doubt. Preponderance is the lowest standard,
primarily used in civil proceedings, and it means that it is more likely than not that the facts
are as that which one of the parties claim.145 The clear and convincing evidence standard
requires that the evidence show that it is highly probable or probably certain that the thing
alleged has occurred. The highest standard of proof is “beyond reasonable doubt”, used
primarily in criminal proceedings, meaning that the evidence presented, and the arguments put
forward by a party are so convincing that they must be approved as facts.146
The connection between standard of proof and burden of proof is well demonstrated by Lord
Hoffman. According to him, the law operates in a binary system, meaning that
“[i]f a legal rule requires a fact to be proved (a “fact in issue”), a judge or jury must
decide whether or not it happened. (…) The fact either happened or it did not. If the
tribunal is left in doubt, the doubt is resolved by a rule that one party or the other carries
the burden of proof. If the party who bears the burden of proof fails to discharge it, a
value of zero is returned and the fact is treated as not having happened. If he does
discharge it, a value of one is returned and the fact is treated as having happened.”147.
The European Court of Human Rights articulated in numerous decisions that it has adopted the
standard of proof “beyond reasonable doubt” in assessing evidence, that is, it requires that the
facts of the case are established with such a degree of certainty that they can be approved as
144

Bicknell, Christine. Uncertain Certainty?: Making Sense of the European Court of Human Rights’ Standard
of Proof. International Human Rights Law Review. 30 November 2019, p. 4.
145
https://www.hg.org/legal-articles/different-standards-of-proof-6363
146
“reasonable doubt” is defined by the dictionary as ‘doubt especially about the guilt of a criminal defendant that
arises or remains upon fair and thorough consideration of the evidence or lack thereof’. The interpretation of the
term ‘reasonable doubt’ had been clarified by the European Commission in the Greek case: ‘doubt for which
reasons can be given drawn from the facts presented.’ See: “Reasonable doubt.” Merriam-Webster.com Legal
Dictionary, Merriam-Webster, https://www.merriam-webster.com/legal/reasonable%20doubt. Accessed 24 Jun.
2021. While the interpretation of the concept would provide for an interesting discussion, for the purposes of this
thesis it will not be further analysed.
147
Opinions of the Lords of Appeal for Judgment in the Cause In re B (Children) (FC), para. 2.
https://publications.parliament.uk/pa/ld200708/ldjudgmt/jd080611/child-1.htm

32

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

facts. 148 This standard was formulated in the Ireland decision: “the Court adopts the standard
of proof ‘beyond reasonable doubt’ but adds that such proof may follow from the coexistence
of sufficiently strong, clear and concordant inferences or of similar unrebutted presumptions
of fact”149. The Court, however, underlined that the purpose of its adopted standard is different
from the criminal law standard or domestic civil proceedings, and it is not interpreted as having
the same high degree of probability.150 While the requirement of such a high standard in Court
proceedings can be beneficial in order to assure that a well-founded decision is reached,
lowering the standard might promote more effective protection to the Convention rights. As
the established case law suggests that the Court does, in fact, applies less-demanding standards
of proof, for example in cases of alleged discrimination.
Moreover, the fact that the Court is willing to accept inferences and presumptions of facts also
indicates that the Court does not apply the “beyond reasonable doubt” strictly. The power
imbalance between the parties, and the States’ control of evidence in certain cases explains this
departure from the strict interpretation of the “beyond reasonable doubt” principle. The Court
has also emphasized that its purpose is to examine alleged violations of the Convention rights,
in order to afford protection to these rights. Given the fact that the rights protected by the
Convention are different in nature, the Court adopted a flexible interpretation of the principle
of “beyond reasonable doubt”:
“It notes in this connection that in assessing evidence, the Court has adopted the
standard of proof “beyond reasonable doubt”. However, it has never been its purpose
to borrow the approach of the national legal systems that use that standard. Its role is
not to rule on criminal guilt or civil liability but on Contracting States’ responsibility
under the Convention. The specificity of its task under Article 19 of the Convention –
to ensure the observance by the Contracting States of their engagement to secure the
fundamental rights enshrined in the Convention – conditions its approach to the issues
of evidence and proof. In the proceedings before the Court, there are no procedural
barriers to the admissibility of evidence or pre-determined formulae for its assessment.
It adopts the conclusions that are, in its view, supported by the free evaluation of all
evidence, including such inferences as may flow from the facts and the parties'
submissions. According to its established case-law, proof may follow from the
coexistence of sufficiently strong, clear and concordant inferences or of similar
unrebutted presumptions of fact. Moreover, the level of persuasion necessary for
reaching a particular conclusion and, in this connection, the distribution of the burden

148

The legal rules governing the proceedings before the ECtHR are found in the Convention and the Rules of
Court. Article 25 (d) of the Convention pronounces that the “plenary Court shall adopt the rules of the Court”.
149
Ireland v. the United Kingdom, para. 161.
150
Bicknell, Christine. Uncertain Certainty?: Making Sense of the European Court of Human Rights’ Standard
of Proof. International Human Rights Law Review. 30 November 2019, p.2.

33

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

of proof are intrinsically linked to the specificity of the facts, the nature of the allegation
made and the Convention right at stake.”151
Looking at this interpretation of its standard of proof as it is formulated in Nachova, it is clear
that the Court applies the “beyond reasonable doubt” standard adaptively. As mentioned
before, the Court also emphasized that its role is not rule on criminal guilt or civil liability, but
it is to ensure that States are complying with their obligations under the Convention.
The difference between the application of the standard of proof in criminal cases and
international human rights law adjudication can be demonstrated with a reference to the
proceedings at the International Criminal Court. The Rome Statute prescribes that the onus is
on the Prosecutor to prove the guilt of the accused.152 In addition to declaring the burden of
proof, it also defines the standard of proof: ‘[i]n order to convict the accused, the Court must
be convinced of the guilt of the accused beyond reasonable doubt.’153 Even though the ICC has
also been accused of applying the standard inconsistently, in some cases requiring the facts of
the case to be proven to near certainty,154 the reason for a strict definition of the standard and
burden of proof is clear. The ICC has to establish criminal guilt of the accused based on the
principle ‘innocent until proven guilty’155.
In proceedings before the European Court of Human Rights, the standard is applied in a flexible
way, due to the reason that the status of the parties and the role of the Court differs from the
ICC proceedings. The Court, when assessing an individual application under Article 34 has to
establish whether the respondent State violated its obligations under the Convention. As
mentioned before, the Court has a subsidiary role in guaranteeing the protection of the rights
enshrined in the Convention. Moreover, as the States have the primary obligation to secure the
rights and freedoms prescribed by the Convention, they enjoy a certain margin of
appreciation.156 The Court has a ‘supervisory jurisdiction’, that is, it acts as a fourth-instance
tribunal in cases of alleged violations of the Convention.157

151

Nachova and others, para. 147
The Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court, Art. 66 §2
153
Rome Statute, Art. 66 §3
154
Utkarsh, Krishna. ICC’s Struggle with the Evidentiary Standard of Proof Beyond Reasonable Doubt.
http://cilj.co.uk/2021/02/22/iccs-struggle-with-the-evidentiary-standard-of-proof-beyond-reasonable-doubt/
155
The Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court, Art. 66 §1
156
Arnardóttir: The Brighton Aftermath and the Changing Role of the ECtHR, p. 225.
157
The fourth-instance jurisdiction is a doctrine under the substantive subsidiarity function of the Court, meaning
that ‘the Court considers that it has only limited jurisdiction to verify that domestic law has been correctly
interpreted and applied and that it is not its function to take the place of the national courts, its role being rather
to ensure that the decisions of those courts are not flawed by arbitrariness or otherwise manifestly unreasonable’.
152

34

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

The supervisory role and the principle of subsidiarity is also articulated in the concept of the
presumption of compliance. As discussed in the previous chapter, the presumption of
compliance means that it has to be presumed that a State is fulfilling its obligations under the
Convention. Therefore, it has been argued that the Court’s procedural system ought to be
reconsidered, and a two-tiered review system would enhance the Court’s subsidiary function.
The two tiers suggested were the ‘procedural review’ and ‘substantial review’.158 During the
procedural review, the State’s legislative or judicial procedure would be assessed to establish
whether it is capable of providing sufficient protection to the Convention rights. The substantial
review then would assess the merits of the case after it has been concluded that the domestic
mechanism has significant deficiencies.159 However, the Court rejected this notion, and
continues to examine individual cases on the merits.
The Court, during the assessment of an individual application, does not require that each
individual fact of the case is proved “beyond reasonable doubt”. Its role is to establish whether
there has been a violation of the relevant Convention right.160 This approach is a clear departure
from the strict “beyond reasonable doubt” principle. Moreover, the willingness to make
inferences, presumptions and use circumstantial evidence suggests a lower standard of proof.
The fact that the Court also stated that “the level of persuasion necessary for reaching a
particular conclusion and, in this connection, the distribution of the burden of proof are
intrinsically linked to the specificity of the facts, the nature of the allegation made and the
Convention right at stake”161, also indicates that the Court created its own conception of the
proof “beyond reasonable doubt”.
Given the fact that the Convention is a living instrument, that should be interpreted as such, it
is the author’s view that the Court’s approach to the evaluation of evidence and the adaptable
use of “beyond reasonable doubt” is justified.162 Especially in indirect discrimination cases,
European Court of Human Rights. Seminar to mark the official opening of the judicial year, Background paper.
30 January 2015
158
Oddný Mjöll Arnardóttir, The “procedural turn” under the European Convention on Human Rights and
presumptions of Convention compliance, International Journal of Constitutional Law, Volume 15, Issue 1, 1
January 2017, Pages 9–35, p. 10.
159
Arnardóttir.The “procedural turn” under the European Convention on Human Rights, p. 10.
160
Bicknell, Christine. Uncertain Certainty?: Making Sense of the European Court of Human Rights’ Standard
of Proof. International Human Rights Law Review. 30 November 2019, p. 39
161
Nachova and others, para. 147.
162
The Court pronounced the ‘living instrument’ doctrine in 1978 in Tyrer v. United Kingdom: ‘The Court must
also recall that the Convention is a living instrument which, as the Commission rightly stressed, must be
interpreted in the light of present-day conditions.’ Para. 31. Arguably, there are negative and positive
consequences of the dynamic interpretation doctrine. The negative aspect is that the Court pronounced that a

35

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

where the access to evidence by the applicants are difficult, it is reasonable to allow the use of
inferences, circumstantial evidence and presumptions. Nevertheless, while avoiding the rigid
interpretation of the standard has its advantages, a consistent approach from the Court is
necessary to increase legal certainty and to effectively safeguard the rights under Article 14
and Protocol 12.
4.2. Evidence in the proceedings of the European Court of Human Rights
4.2.1. Evidence submitted by the parties
After clarifying the elements of indirect discrimination, the rules of evidentiary material in the
proceedings before the Court and the pronounced standard of proof of the Court, this
subchapter studies the evidence parties submitted in indirect discrimination cases. The aim of
the analysis is to study the application of the standard of proof “beyond reasonable doubt” in
the practice of the Court.
To organise and analyse the evidentiary material, this part of the thesis focuses on three cases
of the Court, D.H. and others v. the Czech Republic, Oršuš and others v. Croatia and Horváth
and Kiss v. Hungary. These cases concerned applicants of Roma origin alleging discrimination
in violation of Article 14 of ECHR in conjunction with Article 2 of Protocol 1.
In D.H and others, the applicants submitted that they have been victims of indirect
discrimination when they were placed in special schools directly or after a period of ordinary
primary schools. These special schools have been established to cater for the special needs of
children with learning disabilities. The recommendation of the placement in these schools came
from a paediatrician or the head teacher of the school where the pupil attended. The children
were placed in these special schools after being evaluated by educational psychology and child
guidance centres and obtaining consent from the parents or legal guardian.163
The applicants argued that the test performed during the evaluation had not been adapted to
their needs, therefore resulted in placing a significant number of Roma children in special
schools. Moreover, due to the reduced curriculum and the insufficient monitoring of the
number of Convention concepts have autonomous interpretation, meaning that the definitions are not based on
domestic law. A positive aspect of the dynamic interpretation is the evolvement of the margin of appreciation
doctrine. The Court interprets the consensus about controversial issues between contracting States as a factor that
narrows the margin of appreciation. Hence, the dynamic interpretation affects procedural issues alongside the
interpretation of substantive concepts. See: Letsas, George, The ECHR as a Living Instrument: Its Meaning and
its Legitimacy (March 14, 2012). Available at SSRN: https://ssrn.com/abstract=2021836, pp. 5-6.
163
D.H. and others, Grand Chamber, paras. 19-22.

36

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

children’s performance and educational development, they had limited opportunities to transfer
to an ordinary primary school, and consequently, attend secondary education. The applicants
argued that this practice disproportionately affected them as members of the Roma minority,
in comparison to non-Roma children, and asked the Court to find that the Czech Republic
violated their right not to be discriminated.164
For the purpose of this thesis, the significance of the case lies in the fact that the Chamber and
the Grand Chamber came to the opposite conclusion based on the evidence submitted by the
parties. Examination of the material and the evidentiary value the Court assigned to it helps to
identify the issues and inconsistencies in the Courts practice and the interpretation of its
standard of proof.
An important issue that needs to be restated is the role of the Court and the scope of the
individual application. In Husayn (Abu Zubaydah) v. Poland, the Court stated that
[i]ts role is not to rule on criminal guilt or civil liability but on Contracting
States’ responsibility under the Convention. The specificity of its task under Article 19
of the Convention – to ensure the observance by the Contracting States of their
engagement to secure the fundamental rights enshrined in the Convention – conditions
its approach to the issues of evidence and proof.165
As discussed before, the Court’s role is subsidiary, and it has been further formulated in the
Husayn judgment, stating that the Court must ‘be cautious in taking on the role of a firstinstance tribunal of fact’.166
The procedure before the Court in assessing a case can be characterized by two approaches.
The first approach is that the Court, while fulfilling its function as a subsidiary supervisor,
examines the individual case based on the facts established by the parties. The objective of this
approach is to identify deficiencies in the respondent State’s legislation implementing the
Convention. It also reviews the complaint mechanism and the remedies offered by the State in
case an individual alleges violation of his right not to be discriminated against. While this
approach prevents the Court to assume the role of a first-instance tribunal and to overstep the
scope of the individual application and the claims made by the applicants, it also hinders the
effective protection of the right to non-discrimination.167

164

Ibid, para. 135.
Husayn (Abu Zubaydah) v. Poland, para. 394. (emphasis added)
166
Husayn (Abu Zubaydah) v. Poland, para. 393.
167
Oddný Mjöll Arnardóttir, The “procedural turn” under the European Convention on Human Rights and
presumptions of Convention compliance, International Journal of Constitutional Law, Volume 15, Issue 1, 1
January 2017, Pages 9–35, pp. 11-12.
165

37

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

The second approach is that the Court examines the case within the overall societal context,
and draws inferences based on the evidence submitted to it. The more general approach to the
review of an application allows the Court review whether a State is in compliance with its
obligations under the Convention. Moreover, it enables the Court to identify systematic
deficiencies in the implementation of the Convention.
The Court formulated that ‘[d]iscrimination on account of, inter alia, a person’s ethnic origin is
a form of racial discrimination. Racial discrimination is a particularly invidious kind of
discrimination and, in view of its perilous consequences, requires from the authorities special
vigilance and a vigorous reaction’.168 As indirect discrimination, by definition, is couched in
neutral terms, the Court is necessarily required to look beyond the facts of the individual case
to reveal a discriminatory practice.
In D.H. and others, the Court’s role was to determine whether the de facto situation of the
applicants amounted to indirect discrimination in violation of the Convention. More precisely,
the fact to be established was whether the applicants were ‘treated less favourably than nonRoma children in a comparable situation and that this amounted in their case to indirect
discrimination’.169
The evidence submitted by the parties included school files of the applicants showing the
procedure that had been followed during the decision of their placement in special schools;
decisions from the domestic procedures, including a constitutional complaint; information of
the applicants’ educational progress; statistical data revealing the proportion of Roma children
in regular and special primary schools; and reports by various international supervisory bodies
and NGOs.
The case was examined by the Chamber that followed the fourth-instance principle, and
concluded its judgment based on the evidence establishing the facts concerning the applicants.
It considered the procedure of the evaluation of the children, the guarantees in place, the aim
of the establishment of the special schools and the fact that the States enjoy a margin of
appreciation when adapting the educational system to address the special needs and aptitudes
or disabilities of the children.170

168

D.H. and others, Grand Chamber, para. 176.
D.H. and others, Grand Chamber, para. 183.
170
D.H. and others, Second Section, paras. 44-53.
169

38

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

The Court noted that the tests were carried out by professionals in educational psychology, and
the proper procedure had been followed. Moreover, the decisions of the placement in special
schools was based on statutory grounds. Further, there were specific guarantees in place, such
as the requirement of the consent of the parents or legal guardians, delivering the written
decision of the placement to the parents or legal guardians, and providing information on the
right to appeal against the decision. In addition to these guarantees, some of the applicants,
after their enrolment in special education, received written notices from the school authorities
informing them of a possible transfer to ordinary schools. After successful aptitude tests, four
of the applicants completed the transfer.171
The Chamber found these facts convincing enough to establish that the placements in special
schools was not based on ethnic grounds. However, as discussed in the second chapter, indirect
discrimination’ shall mean cases where an apparently neutral factor such as a provision,
criterion or practice cannot be as easily complied with by, or disadvantages [...] persons
belonging to a group designated by a ground such as race, colour, language, religion,
nationality or national or ethnic origin’172
Statistical data submitted by the applicants showed that Roma children were over-represented
in special schools in Ostrava.173 ECRI reports revealed that racial segregation is a persisting
issue in the Czech Republic, and there is a general intolerance and negative attitude towards
people of Roma origin. Reports by the Czech Republic drawn up pursuant to Article 25 § 1 of
the Framework Convention for the Protection of National Minorities points out that the
psychological test used by the educational centres are standardised, disregarding the
disadvantaged sociocultural background and the poor command of the Czech language of
Roma children. This was confirmed by the Czech Government.174 The report also noted that
80-90% of Roma children are placed in special schools. Third-party interveners Human Rights
Watch and Interights both submitted that statistical evidence has a crucial role in revealing
indirect discriminatory practices and assessed together with the facts of the instant case, they
are sufficient to establish a prima facie case175.
The Chamber, however, while acknowledged that the statistics reveal “worrying figures”,
decided to examine the case from the perspective of the individual application. In the words of
171

D.H. and others, Second Section, paras. 49-50.
ECRI General Policy Recommendation No. 7, para. 1 (c)
173
D.H. and others, Second Section, para. 39.
174
D.H. and others, Second Section, para. 26.
175
D.H. and others, Second Section, para. 43.
172

39

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

Judge Costa, ‘[i]n the present case, the Court had to determine whether the decision to place or
retain the 18 applicants in “special schools” was a result of “racist” attitudes. Were they victims
of systematic segregation and, therefore, discrimination based on “race” or (more specifically)
their association with a national minority, contrary to Article 14, or not?’176
During its assessment of the case, the Chamber emphasised the margin of appreciation States
enjoy in order to adapt their educational system to provide primary education to pupils with
special educational needs.177 The Chamber concluded that ‘the concrete evidence before the
Court in the present case does not enable it to conclude that the applicants’ placement or, in
some instances, continued placement, in special schools was the result of racial prejudice, as
they have alleged’.178
The Chamber clearly applied the strict “beyond reasonable doubt” standard when, in order to
shift the burden of proof, it required the applicants to prove that the State had a discriminatory
intent.179 The fact that the Chamber required proof of the racial prejudice signals the
inconsistency of the Court’s approach regarding ethnic discrimination. The Chamber also
observed that the rules regarding the placement of children in “special schools” does not refer
to ethnic origin.180 Previously, the Grand Chamber concluded in Nachova and others that
‘where it is alleged – as here – that a violent act was motivated by racial prejudice, such an
approach would amount to requiring the respondent Government to prove the absence of a
particular subjective attitude on the part of the person concerned’.181 Applying this
interpretation analogously to the situation of the Roma children in the Czech Republic, the
Chamber ought to have concluded that the requirement to prove that the measures were applied
to Roma children with a racially prejudicial attitude is nearly impossible.
The fact that the Chamber applied the strict “beyond reasonable doubt” standard can be further
confirmed from its argument. First, the Chamber acknowledged the reports of independent
supervisory bodies, and their concerns about the situation of the Roma minority in the Czech
Republic, but decided not to assign evidentiary value to the findings of the documents, and

176

D.H. and others, Second Section Judgment, Concurring opinion of Judge Costa
D.H. and others, Second Section, para. 47.
178
D.H. and others, Second Section, para. 52.
179
Ibid.
180
D.H. and others, Second Section, para. 49.
181
Nachova and others, para. 157. Note that in Nachova, the Grand Chamber used the argument of the near
impossibility to prove a subjective racially biased attitude to refuse to shift the burden of proof to the respondent
State.
177

40

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

assessed the case based on the facts established by the applicant and the respondent State.182
Second, the Chamber itself noted that assessing whether a measure has a discriminatory effect
on a group does not require it to be specifically aimed or directed at that group, however, it still
refused to shift the burden of proof to the respondent State due to the fact that the applicants
were unable to prove that the measure was aimed at them (the rule did not refer to ethnic
origin).183 Third, the Chamber applied a wide margin of appreciation when it stated that the
choice of the educational system and the planning of the curriculum in different schools fall
within the competence of the respondent State.184 Fourth, the Chamber considered that the
placement of the Roma children in “special schools” was a result of examination by qualified
professionals, and it stated that the findings of these experts must be accepted as facts, as the
applicants ‘have not succeeded in refuting the aforementioned experts’ findings that the
applicants’ learning disabilities were such as to prevent them from following the ordinary
primary school curriculum’.185 The Chamber added that it cannot be expected from the
respondent State to prove that the psychologists, while carrying out the tests, had not adopted
a ‘particular subjective attitude’.186 Finally, the Chamber placed the primary responsibility
regarding the choice of education on the parents, and noted that the applicants’ parents gave
their consent to their children’s placement in “special schools” and they did not contest the
decision or appealed against it.187 Therefore, the Chamber concluded that while the parents of
the applicants might have lacked information regarding the educational system and the
consequences of the reduced curriculum in the “special schools” and there might have been a
“climate of mistrust”, it was not convinced, based on the facts of the individual case that the
reason for the placement in special schools was the result of racial prejudice.188
While the Grand Chamber, in its landmark decision, overturned the decision of the Chamber,
the argument put forward by the Second Section raises some concerns regarding the standard
of proof applied by the Court. When the standard of proof is formulated vaguely, its
interpretation leaves room for arbitrary decisions. In D. H. and others, the applicants put
forward the argument that the “beyond reasonable doubt” must be applied differently than in

182

D.H. and others, Secon Section, para. 45. …
D.H. and others, Second Section, para. 46. …
184
D.H. and others, Second Section, para. 47. …
185
D.H and others, Second Section, para. 49. …
186
D.H. and others, Second Section, para. 49. ……
187
D.H. and others, Second Section, para. 51. …
188
D. H. and others, Second Section, para. 52. …
183

41

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

criminal law.189 Furthermore, the applicants raised the argument that the Court formulated in
Nachova that ‘discrimination did not have to be intentional and that a measure could be found
to be discriminatory on the basis of evidence of its impact (disproportionately harmful effects
on a particular group) even if it did not specifically target that group’.190 The Chamber,
however, disregarded these arguments, and using the strict standard of proof “beyond
reasonable doubt” found that the Czech Republic did not violate the applicants’ right to nondiscrimination under Article 14 of the Convention.
As mentioned before, the case was referred to the Grand Chamber which came to the opposite
conclusion based on the same facts and evidence in front of it. The Grand Chamber reiterated
the Court’s main principles applied during the assessment of an individual application: the
concept of indirect discrimination, the shared burden of proof, the freedom of the admissibility
and evaluation of evidence, the adaptive interpretation of the standard of proof, the acceptance
of inferences and presumptions, and the role of statistics in proving indirect discrimination.191
The concept of indirect discrimination, the allocation of the burden of proof and the standard
of proof has been discussed in this thesis in the previous chapters. For the purposes of this
thesis, however, the examination of inferences, presumptions and the role of statistics are also
of crucial importance. Therefore, the following subchapters analyses the evidentiary value of
reports of independent supervisory bodies and documents produced by NGOs. Furthermore, it
examines the significance of statistical inferences in the procedure of proving indirect
discrimination..
4.2.2. Reports of Supervisory Bodies
The Grand Chamber noted in D.H. and others that ‘as a result of their turbulent history
and constant uprooting the Roma have become a specific type of disadvantaged and vulnerable
minority’.192 Due to this fact, the Grand Chamber assigned significant weight to the reports of
independent supervisory bodies and data adduced by NGOs. After stating that the strict
standard of proof “beyond reasonable doubt” has to be lowered in cases of alleged indirect
discrimination, it was also established that due to the history of the Roma minority in Europe,
the case cannot be examined without taking the general societal situation of the Roma into
account. 193

189

D. H. and others, Second Section, para. 37. …
D. H. and others, Second Section, para. 37. …
191
D. H. and others, Grand Chamber, paras. 175-181. …
192
D.H. and others, Grand Chamber, para. 182. …
193
D.H. and others, Grand Chamber, para. 182. …
190

42

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

During the assessment of the case, the Grand Chamber relied heavily on inferences drawn from
the document submitted by third-party interveners. The importance of these documents and
findings are shown in the arguments of the Second Section and the Grand Chamber. Had the
Second Section assigned evidentiary value to these documents, the outcome of the procedure
before the Chamber would have been different. As it was established already by the Second
Section, the difference in treatment did not originate from the wordings of the statutory
provisions.194 Therefore, without placing the domestic legislation in to context, it would be
extremely difficult to establish that the statutory regulation regarding the placement of children
in “special schools” had a prejudicial effect on children of Roma ethnicity.
As it was discussed in the second chapter, the Court has a long tradition in relying on documents
produced by NGOs, as these documents can provide valuable insights on the situation of human
rights in a State in general and elaborated examination in specific issue. Moreover, the analyses
of the NGOs can assist the Court in the interpretation of domestic legal rules.
In D.H. and others, the decisive argument was based on inferences drawn from reports of the
Czech authorities submitted in accordance with Article 25 § 1 of the Framework Convention
for the Protection of National Minorities, Advisory Committee on the Framework Convention,
ECRI and European Monitoring Centre on Racism and Xenophobia.195 The Grand Chamber
concluded based on the facts of the case established by the applicant and the respondent State,
and the reports of these bodies revealing a dominant trend regarding the education of Roma
children in the Czech Republic that
it has been established that the relevant legislation as applied in practice at the material
time had a disproportionately prejudicial effect on the Roma community, the Court
considers that the applicants as members of that community necessarily suffered the
same discriminatory treatment. Accordingly, it does not need to examine their
individual cases.196
Due to the fact that the reliance on facts beyond the scope of the individual application was
severely criticised in the dissenting opinions197, it is of crucial importance to analyse what are

194

D.H. and others, Grand Chamber, para. 185. …
D.H. and others, Grand Chamber, para. 192.
196
D. H. and others, Grand Chamber, para. 209.
197
“4. The approach:
After noting the concerns of various organisations about the realities of the Roma’s situation, the Chamber stated:
“The Court points out, however, that its role is different from that of the aforementioned bodies and that, like
the Czech Constitutional Court, it is not its task to assess the overall social context. Its sole task in the instant
case is to examine the individual applications ...” (§ 45).
195

43

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

the facts that the Grand Chamber considered necessary to determine whether the respondent
State violated the applicants’ rights under Article 14 of the Convention.
The general situation regarding the education of the Roma minority has already been
concerning in 1997, according to the European Commission against Racism and Intolerance198.
The issue of channelling Roma children to “special schools” established for the education of
mentally retarded children has already been raised in 2000 by ECRI199.
The importance of the reports by supervisory bodies and the findings therein can be welldemonstrated by looking at the argument the Government of the Czech Republic presented.
1. A neutrally formulated rule
The Government argued that the both the Schools Act 1984 and the Decree no. 127/1997 on
specialised schools, the legislation in force at the material time, referred only to children with
mental disabilities preventing them from following the curricula in ordinary primary schools.200
The Government also emphasised that ‘race, colour or association with a national minority had
not played a determining role in the applicants’ education’.201 Furthermore, the Government
pointed out that the applicants did not provide sufficient evidence to the contrary. Without
reference to the societal context, the history of the Roma minority in the Czech Republic, and
reference to the concept of indirect discrimination it has to be concluded that the rule on the
“special schools” does not have a discriminatory intent, but it is a tool to address special
educational needs of children with mental or learning disabilities. If the analysis of the
application assesses only the facts of the specific case, the conclusion is similar to what the
Second Section concluded.

5. Yet the Grand Chamber does the exact opposite. In contradiction with the role which all judicial bodies assume,
the entire judgment is devoted to assessing the overall social context – from the first page (“historical
background”) to the last paragraph, including a review of the “Council of Europe sources” (fourteen pages),
“Community law and practice” (five pages), United Nations materials (seven pages) and “other sources”
(three pages, which, curiously, with the exception of the reference to the European Monitoring Centre, are taken
exclusively from the Anglo-American system, that is, the House of Lords and the United States Supreme Court).
Thus, to cite but one example, the Court states at the start of paragraph 182: “The Court notes that as a result of
their turbulent history and constant uprooting the Roma have become a specific type of disadvantaged and
vulnerable minority.” Is it the Court’s role to be doing this?” – Dissenting Opinion of Judge Borrego Borrego,
paras. 4-5., D. H. and others, Grand Chamber
198
European Commission Against Racism and Intolerance. First report on Czech Republic. Adopted on
September 1997, Published on 25 September 1997, pp. 7-8.
199
European Commission Against Racism and Intolerance. Second report on the Czech Republic. Adopted on 18
June 1999, Published on 21 March 2000, p. 13, para. 32.
200
D.H. and others,Grand Chamber, paras. 30 and 34-36.
201
D.H. and others, Grand Chamber, para. 147.

44

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

However, the report provided by European Commission against Racism and Intolerance noted
the following:
although systematic segregation of Roma children no longer existed as educational
policy segregation was practised by schools and educational authorities in a number of
different, mostly indirect, ways, sometimes as the unintended effect of policies and
practices and sometimes as a result of residential segregation. Schools and educational
authorities may, for example, segregate pupils on the basis of a perception of “their
different needs” and/or as a response to behavioural issues and learning difficulties. The
latter could also lead to the frequent placement of Roma pupils in special schools for
mentally handicapped children, which was still a worrying phenomenon in member
States of the European Union like Hungary, Slovakia and the Czech Republic.202
Moreover, as it has been established and discussed in this thesis, the scope of the Convention
includes not only direct discrimination, but also indirect discrimination. The concept of indirect
discrimination includes the element of a seemingly neutral rule, policy or practice that has a
significantly disproportionate effect on persons compared to persons in relevantly similar
situation.203
Given the fact that several supervisory bodies produced reports on the worrying situation that
Roma children are segregated based on perceived learning disabilities, it can be concluded,
even “beyond reasonable doubt” that the practice of the placement of these children was
generally applied in the Czech Republic.204
2. Psychological tests applied objectively
The Government argued that the children were thoroughly evaluated with the aid of
personalised pedagogical and psychological tests carried out by educational psychology centres
before their placement in “special schools”.205 Moreover, the Government argued that as a
result of the tests, among the 18 applicants, the learning difficulties were diagnosed in all of

202

D.H. and others, Grand Chamber, para. 104. See also the report published in May 2006 by the European
Monitoring Centre on Racism and Xenophobia: Roma and Travellers in Public Education - An overview of the
situation in the EU Member States, pp. 46-49. (emphasis added) …
203
Council Directive 2000/43/EC, article 2 §2(b) …
204
For further information on the de facto segregation of Roma children in primary education, see: Council of
Europe: Commissioner for Human Rights, Report by Mr. Alvaro Gil-Robles, Commissioner for Human Rights,
on the Human Rights Situation of the Roma, Sinti, and Travellers in Europe, 15 February 2006, CommDH(2006)1;
Second periodic report on measures taken to give effect to the principles set out in the Framework Convention for
the Protection of National Minorities under Article 25, paragraph 2 of the Convention; Advisory Committee on
the Framework Convention for the Protection of National Minorities - Opinion on the Czech Republic adopted on
6 April 2001; Advisory Committee on the Framework Convention for the Protection of National Minorities Second opinion on the Czech Republic adopted on 24 February 2005
205
D.H. and others, Grand Chamber, para. 150.

45

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

them, except for one, who was on the borderline between learning difficulties and a socioculturally disadvantaged environment.206
While the requirement of the evaluation of the children’s learning abilities seems like an
objectively formulated condition, the reports produced by supervisory bodies suggest that the
tests applied are not reliable as they were designed for the assessment of Czech children and
do not take into consideration the specifics of the Roma minority.207 For instance, the report
published in 2006 by the European Centre for Monitoring Racism and Xenophobia mentions
that the tests applied by the educational psychology centres, the Wechsler Intelligence Scale
for Children (WISC – III) ‘arguably ignore linguistic and cultural differences revealing less
about the abilities of Roma children and more about the ethnocentric assumptions of the
testers’.208
The Government of the Czech Republic itself stated in the report submitted pursuant to Article
25 under the Framework Convention for the Protection of National Minorities that ‘[t]hese tests
are conceived for the majority population and do not take Romany specifics into consideration.
[…] The number of Romany children in special schools is high; some schools have 80 to 90
percent of Romany students.’209 ……..
Further observations were submitted by the International Step by Step Association, the Roma
Education Fund and the European Early Childhood Education Research Association, noting
that the lack of national definitions of ‘disability’ in Eastern-European countries resulted in
connecting the children’s socio-cultural backroad to some form of disability. They concluded
that
the assessment of Roma children in the Ostrava region did not take into account the
language and culture of the children, or their prior learning experiences, or their
unfamiliarity with the demands of the testing situation. Single rather than multiple
sources of evidence were used. Testing was done in one sitting, not over time. Evidence
was not obtained in realistic or authentic settings where children could demonstrate
their skills. Undue emphasis was placed on individually administered, standardised
tests normed on other populations.210
Without these documents on the nature of the tests applied to evaluate the children before their
placement in “special schools”, the unconscious biases resulting in the disproportionately high
206

D.H. and others, Grand Chamber, para. 152. …
D.H. and others, Grand Chamber, paras. 40-41. …
208
Roma and Travellers in Public Education - An overview of the situation in the EU Member States, p. 46.
209
Report Submitted by the Czech Republic pursuant to Article 25, Paragraph 1 of the Framework Convention
for the Protection of National Minorities, 1 April 1999, p. 29. …
210
D.H. and others, Grand Chamber, para. 44. ….
207

46

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

number of Roma children in these schools would be extremely difficult to prove. As the reports
of different supervisory bodies came to similar conclusions, and the Government of the Czech
Republic also admitted that the psychological and aptitude tests were not adapted to the
specificities of Roma children, whose socio-cultural background significantly differs from the
general population, the inefficiency of the tests can be accepted as a fact.
In the Belgian linguistics case, the Court established that “Article 14 (art. 14) does not prohibit
distinctions in treatment which are founded on an objective assessment of essentially
different factual circumstances and which, being based on the public interest strike a fair
balance between the protection of the interests of the community and respect for the rights and
freedoms safeguarded by the Convention.”211 It is, in these circumstances a positive obligation
of the State to correct these factual inequalities to ensure equal treatment under the Convention.
The Second Section concluded that it was the State’s aim to, by creating special schools, adapt
the education system to the needs, aptitudes and the disabilities of the children.212
While the Grand Chamber noted that the evaluation of the validity of the tests is not its role,
based on the evidence it concluded that ‘at the very least, there is a danger that the
tests were biased and that the results were not analysed in the light of the particularities and
special characteristics of the Roma children who sat them’.213
Accepting the reports of supervisory bodies and the submissions of third-party interveners as
evidence seems to be crucially important in order to afford protection to the rights under the
Convention. The difference between the Second Section’s conclusion regarding the aptitude
tests to the Grand Chamber’s findings shows the inconsistency during the evaluation of a case.
The Second Section applied the strict standard of “proof beyond reasonable doubt”, and
concluded that
the tests in the instant case were administered by qualified professionals, who are
expected to follow the rules of their profession and to be able to select suitable methods.
It would be difficult for the Court to go beyond this factual finding and to ask the
Government to prove that the psychologists who examined the applicants had not
adopted a particular subjective attitude.214
Contrary to the Second Section’s argument, the Grand Chamber concluded that while in the
individual case, it cannot be proved without doubt that the professionals carrying out the
211

Belgian linguistics case, para. 7.
Arnardóttir, Oddný Mjöll. Non-discrimination Under Article 14 ECHR: the Burden of Proof. 51
Scandinavian Studies in Law 13-39. 2007, p. 30.
213
D.H. and others, Grand Chamber, para. 201.
214
D.H. and others, Second Section, para. 49.
212

47

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

evaluation of the children had a racially prejudiced attitude, with the aid of inferences it can be
established that there is at least a possibility that the tests and the resulting placements in
“special schools” had a disproportionate effect on children who are members of the Roma
community.215 Lowering the standard of proof is in line with the role of the Court, that is to
ensure that member States observe their obligations under the European Convention on Human
Rights.
3. Consent of the parent or legal guardian
According to the Article 7 of Decree no. 127/1997 on specialised schools, in force at the
material time, the consent of the parent or legal guardian of the children was conditio sine qua
non regarding the placement of the children in “special schools”.216 The Government stated
that the requirement to obtain the consent of the parent or legal guardian acts as a safeguard to
ensure that there is no room for arbitrary decisions with regards to the educational needs of the
children.217 The applicants, however, argued that they lacked the necessary information to
enable them to make a valid decision. Moreover, two of the written parental consents appeared
to have been pre-dated, which, according to the applicants indicate the quasi-automatic
procedure that was followed during the assessment of the mental and intellectual capacity of
Roma children.218
The Second Section of the Court accepted the argument of the Government, and concluded that
the parents bear the primary responsibility to make informed decisions about the education of
their children, and it is their duty to gather all the necessary information that enables them to
form this decision.219 The standard of proof was high, and the Second Section was not
persuaded “beyond reasonable doubt” that the condition to obtain parental consent was not
serving as a safeguard to guarantee the objective application of the statutory rule.

215

D.H. and others, Grand Chamber, para. 200.
D.H. and others, Grand Chamber, para. 46. …
217
The difficulties of the objective evaluation of the parental consent to the placement of their children in “special
schools” (or in some cases, their request of their child to be placed in these schools) has been studied by the report
published by the European Monitoring Centre for Racism and Xenophobia: Roma and Travellers in Public
Education - An overview of the situation in the EU Member States: ”Placement in special education could also be
preferred by parents to avoid racial abuse or due to lack of information regarding its far reaching negative
consequences. As the practice has been used for several years Roma parents may also consent to such placement
for their children, because they were themselves educated in that way.” Pp. 46-47.
218
European Commission Against Racism and Intolerance. Second report on the Czech Republic. Adopted on
18 June 1999, Published on 21 March 2000, pp. 13-14.
219
D.H. and others, Second Section, para. 51. …
216

48

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

The Grand Chamber, however, relied on the inferences drawn from the reports of supervisory
bodies. As it has been noted by various organisations, the parents of the children often lacked
information regarding the “special schools”, the curriculum they follow, and the long-term
negative consequences of obtaining primary education in these schools.220 The Grand Chamber
was also not persuaded that the parents of the Roma children were capable of considering the
options of education for their children, as they were members of a disadvantaged minority and
often poorly educated.221 Furthermore, according to a report produced by the European
Commission against Racism and Intolerance, the opportunity to educate their children in
“special schools” were often presented to the parents as a chance to receive specialized
education adapted to their needs, and to be with other Roma children.222
Moreover, the Grand Chamber found that even an informed parental consent cannot act as a
waiver of the child’s right to non-discrimination.223 The Grand Chamber referred to the
principle formulated in Hermi v. Italy, that ‘such a waiver must, if it is to be effective for
Convention purposes, be established in an unequivocal manner and be attended by minimum
safeguards commensurate with its importance […]. In addition, it must not run counter to any
important public interest.’224
The Second Section, during the assessment of the case, concluded correctly that it cannot be
established, based on the specific facts of the case, “beyond reasonable doubt” that the
applicants’ placement in “special schools” was the result of racial prejudice, or that the measure
applied in the case of the applicants was intended to preserve the segregation of Roma children
in primary education. However, the information provided by the supervisory bodies helped to
show that it is highly probable that the applicants, as members of the Roma community,
suffered a discriminatory treatment. The different approaches of the Second Section and the
Grand Chamber show the risk of the vaguely defined standard of proof. Had the Grand
Chamber followed the approach of the Second Section, the conclusion would have been
entirely different.

220

For further reading, see: Stigmata: Segregated Schooling of Roma in Central and Eastern Europe, a survey of
patterns of segregated education of Roma in Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Hungary, Romania, and Slovakia,
European Roma Rights Center, 12 August 2004, pp. 55-56.
221
D.H. and others, Grand Chamber, para. 203. …
222
European Commission against Racism and Intolerance. Third report on the Czech Republic. Adopted on 5
December 2003, Published on 8 June 2004, p. 22, para. 108.
223
D.H. and others, Grand Chamber, para. 204.
224
Hermi v. Italy, application no. 18115/02, Court (Grand Chamber), Judgment (Merits), 18 October 2006

49

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

Inferences also played a significant part in the evaluation of the cases Oršuš and others v.
Croatia and Horváth and Kiss v. Hungary. In Oršuš and others, the First Section of the Court
concluded that the placement of Roma children in separate Roma-only classes was a result of
objective assessment of their command of the Croatian language and was not influenced by
their race or ethnic origin.225 The Grand Chamber, however, relied on the aid of reports of
independent supervisory bodies and documents produced by NGOs, and concluded that the
fact that some of the applicants were transferred to Roma-only class after attending mixed class
and the fact that the language requirement was applied exclusively to Roma pupils established
prima facie that Roma children were treated differently than their non-Roma peers.226
Moreover, the ‘lack of a prescribed and transparent monitoring procedure left a lot of room for
arbitrariness’.227
In the case Horváth and Kiss v. Hungary, the applicants were enrolled in a remedial school for
children with mental disabilities, based on tests that assessed the applicants’ learning abilities
and difficulties. The Court during the assessment of the case, referred to the Grand Chamber
decisions of D.H. and others and Orsus and others with regards to the reports of the general
societal context of the Roma minority in Eastern Europe.

228

In conclusion, the Court

considered that
[s]ince it has been established that the relevant legislation, as applied in practice at the
material time, had a disproportionately prejudicial effect on the Roma community, and
that the State, in a situation of prima facie discrimination, failed to prove that it has
provided the guarantees needed to avoid the misdiagnosis and misplacement of the
Roma applicants, the Court considers that the applicants necessarily suffered from the
discriminatory treatment.229
Again, the Court applied a lower standard than the strict “beyond reasonable doubt” and
assigned significant evidentiary value to the evidence of past discrimination and misdiagnosis
of children members of the Roma minority.
The presented cases demonstrate well the inconsistencies in the Court’s practice with regards
to evidence and the standard of proof. The next subchapter examines the role of statistics in
proving indirect discrimination, and the evidentiary value the Court assigns to them.

225

Oršuš and others, First Section, para. 68.
Oršuš and others, Grand Chamber, para. 155. …
227
Orsus and others, Grand Chamber, para.175. …
228
Horváth and Kiss v. Hungary, para. 76.
229
Horváth and Kiss v. Hungary, para. 18.
226

50

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

4.2.3. Evidentiary Value of Statistical Data
The Court reinstated in several decisions that its standard of proof is “beyond reasonable
doubt”. In cases of alleged indirect discrimination, however, the applicants are in a severely
disadvantaged position to provide evidence. What the applicants must establish is that a
seemingly neutral policy or measure had a disproportionate effect on them, in comparison to
persons in an analogous or relevantly similar situation.
The high standard of proof “beyond reasonable doubt” would make proving indirect
discrimination extremely difficult for the applicants. Therefore, the Court in practice applies a
lower standard, and requires the applicant to provide enough evidence to establish a rebuttable
presumption. This principle is formulated in the D.H. and others judgment:
“the Court has noted in previous cases that applicants may have difficulty in proving
discriminatory treatment (…). In order to guarantee those concerned the effective
protection of their rights, less strict evidential rules should apply in cases of alleged
indirect discrimination.”230
There are two approaches that confirms the ease of evidentiary demands on applicants: the use
of inferences and statistics.231 The importance and evidentiary value of inferences drawn from
reports of independent supervisory bodies, NGOs and other organisations have been discussed
in the previous subchapter.
On the role of statistics in proving indirect discrimination, the Court stated in
the Hoogendijk case that:
[W]here an applicant is able to show, on the basis of undisputed official statistics, the
existence of a prima facie indication that a specific rule – although formulated in a
neutral manner – in fact affects a clearly higher percentage of women than men, it is
for the respondent Government to show that this is the result of objective factors
unrelated to any discrimination on grounds of sex. If the onus of demonstrating that a
difference in impact for men and women is not in practice discriminatory does not shift

230

D.H. and others, Grand Chamber, para. 186.
‘Inference is the act or process of deriving logical conclusions from premises known or assumed true. In the
law of evidence, an inference is a truth or proposition drawn from another that is supposed or admitted to be true
or a process of reasoning by which a fact or a proposition sought to be established is deduced as a logical
consequence from other facts, already proved or admitted. It is a “logical and reasonable conclusion of a fact” not
presented by direct evidence, but which, by process of logic and reason, a trier of fact may conclude exists from
the established facts. Inferences are deductions or conclusions that, with reason and common sense, lead a jury to
infer facts that have been established as evidence.’ See: Dr. Robert J Girod: Logical Investigative Methods –
Critical Thinking and Reasoning for Successful Investigations. Taylor and Francis Group. 2015. p. 34.
231

51

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

to the respondent Government, it will be in practice extremely difficult for applicants
to prove indirect discrimination.232
Therefore, the use of statistics as evidence have a significant role in proving indirect
discrimination. As it has been discussed in the previous chapters, one of the elements of indirect
discrimination is the significantly disproportionate effect of a neutral rule, policy or practice
on persons compared to persons in an analogous or relevantly similar situation. To prove this
disproportionality, statistics are often the only available means. However, while the Court
stated that it has no barriers regarding the type of evidence it accepts during the proceedings
before it, and it evaluates freely all evidence before it, not all statistics are considered as having
sufficient evidentiary value. The fact that there is no guideline on what type of statistics are
considered sufficient to become evidence, calls for looking into what statistics does the Court
accept as reliable.
Before the assessment of the Court’s practice regarding the evaluation of statistics as evidence,
the difficulties of obtaining accurate and reliable statistical data that contains information of
ethnicity needs to be discussed. The European Roma Rights Centre points out that
comprehensive and accurate data on the education of people of Roma origin does not exist.233
Therefore, the assessment of the situation regarding the education of Roma children is
extremely difficult, and the number of people belonging to the Roma minority is often
underestimated.234 According to the ERRC, the available statistical data comes from three
sources: official statistics based on the self-identification of Roma; central or local
governmental institutions’ data collection based on the identification of Roma children by
teachers and school directors; and finally, data collected by NGOs and other organisations
during field research.235
The self-identification of Roma poses significant challenges in assessing their overall social
situation. Often, members of the Roma minority do not wish to identify as such, due to the fear
of discriminatory treatment and the often-hostile environment. As it has been pointed out by
the International Federation for Human Rights, due to the general attitude towards Roma, many
schools were unwilling to accept Roma students.236 This reluctance can be explained by the
232

Hoogendijk v. the Netherlands, p. 21.
Stigmata: Segregated Schooling of Roma in Central and Eastern Europe, a survey of patterns of segregated
education of Roma in Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Hungary, Romania, and Slovakia, European Roma Rights
Center, 12 August 2004, p. 21.
234
Ibid.
235
Ibid, pp. 21-22.
236
D.H. and others, Grand Chamber, para. 48. …
233

52

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

reaction of parents of non-Roma children, ‘which, in numerous cases, has been to remove their
children from integrated schools because the parents fear that the level of the school will fall
following the arrival of Roma children or, quite simply, because of prejudice against the
Roma’.237
This phenomenon prompted the parents of Roma children to consider consenting to their
children’s placement in “special schools” or Roma-only classes. As the Grand Chamber noted
in D.H. and others, the parent had to make ‘a choice between ordinary schools that were illequipped to cater for their children’s social and cultural differences and in which their children
risked isolation and ostracism, and special schools where the majority of the pupils were
Roma’.238
Furthermore, according to the report by the European Commission on measuring
discrimination, the collection of statistical data is challenging, due to the difficulties of ‘the
construction of comparator groups and the calculation of relative disadvantage that is at the
core of indirect discrimination claims’.239 Moreover, due to the lack of a systematic approach
in most European countries regarding the measurement of equality, official statistics containing
information of ethnic origin of the population is rare.240
The Court stated in D.H. and others that “[w]hen it comes to assessing the impact of a measure
or practice on an individual or group, statistics which appear on critical examination to be
reliable and significant will be sufficient to constitute the prima facie evidence the applicant is
required to produce.”241 Third party interveners in D.H. and others also submitted that
In Council directives and international instruments, statistics were the key method of
proving indirect discrimination. Where measures were neutral on their face, statistics
sometimes proved the only effective means of identifying their varying impact on
different segments of society. Obviously, courts had to assess the credibility, strength
and relevance of the statistics to the case at hand, requiring that they be tied to the
applicant’s allegations in concrete ways.242
Based on these considerations, there are certain questions that need to be addressed in order to
establish the significance and evidentiary value of statistical data: How does the Court assess
statistics? How does it interpret the terms ‘reliable’ and ‘significant’ in the context of statistics
237

Ibid.
D.H. and others, Grand Chamber, para. 203. (emphases added)
239
Makkonen, Timo. Measuring Discrimination: Data Collection and EU Equality Law. Directorate-General for
Employment, Social Affairs and Equal Opportunities. European Commission. Luxembourg, 2007. p. 6.
240
Ibid.
241
D.H and others, Grand Chamber, para. 188.
242
D. H and others, Grand Chamber, para. 164.
238

53

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

as evidence? It is the author’s view that assessing the evidentiary value of statistics has two
aspects. On the one hand, it must be determined that the statistical data is reliable in a formal
way, so its credibility must be assessed. On the other hand, the figures of the statistics must be
relevant and capable of revealing a dominant trend within the scope of the allegation made
under the Convention.
A good indicator of the credibility of the statistics is that the respondent Government does not
dispute the figures. This principle was articulated in Hoogendijk, here the Court noted that
undisputed official statistics are capable of establishing prima facie that a specific, neutrally
formulated rule has a significantly disproportionate effect on persons compared to persons in
an analogous or significantly relevant situation.243.
In D.H and others, the Court observed that the “figures are not disputed by the Government and
that they have not produced any alternative statistical evidence.”244 The same argument was
used in Horváth and Kiss v. Hungary, where it was observed that
[t]he underlying figures not having been disputed by the Government – who have not
produced any alternative statistical evidence – the Court considers that these figures
reveal a dominant trend. It must thus be observed that a general policy or
measure exerted a disproportionately prejudicial effect on the Roma, a particularly
vulnerable group.245
In Oršuš and others, while the statistics submitted were not contested, the figures revealing the
proportion of Roma children in special classes were not sufficient to prove different
treatment.246
As to the assessment of the figures in the statistical evidence, it can establish a prima facie case
if it can show that the measures or practice has a significantly prejudicial effect on the
applicants. The Court uses terms such as “large numbers” and “vast over-representation” to
refer to the disproportionate effect. In D.H. and others, the statistics submitted
indicate that at the time 56% of all pupils placed in special schools in Ostrava were
Roma. Conversely, Roma represented only 2.26% of the total number of pupils
attending primary school in Ostrava. Further, whereas only 1.8% of non-Roma pupils
were placed in special schools, the proportion of Roma pupils in Ostrava assigned to
special schools was 50.3%.247

243

Hoogendijk v. the Netherlands, p. 21.
D. H. and others, para. 191.
245
Horváth and Kiss v. Hungary, para.110.
246
Oršuš and others, Grand Chamber, para. 152.
247
D.H. and others, Grand Chamber, para. 190.
244

54

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

The Court found that these figures are not sufficient to establish a rebuttable presumption of
the discriminatory effect of the practice. In the judgment, the Chamber acknowledged that
while reports and statistics describe a worrying situation, the respondent State established the
special schools in order to provide basic education to the pupils who had learning disabilities.
In Oršuš and others, the Court assessed the data submitted, and again found that it is not
conclusive enough to be able to establish a prima facie case:
[t]he proportion of Roma children in the lower grades in Macinec Primary School varies
from 57% to 75%, while in Podturen Primary School it varies from 33% to 36%. The
data submitted for the year 2001 show that in Macinec Primary School 44% of pupils
were Roma and 73% of those attended a Roma-only class. In Podturen Primary School
10% of pupils were Roma and 36% of Roma pupils attended a Roma-only class. These
statistics demonstrate that only in Macinec Primary School did a majority of Roma
pupils attend a Roma-only class, while in Podturen Primary School the percentage was
below 50%. This confirms that it was not a general policy to automatically place Roma
pupils in separate classes in both schools at issue. Therefore, the statistics submitted do
not suffice to establish that there is prima facie evidence that the effect of a measure or
practice was discriminatory.248
In both cases, while the Court was unable to accept the statistical evidence as conclusive, it
observed that the figures reveal a dominant trend that large numbers of Roma pupils were
placed in special schools or Roma-only classes. It can be concluded form the assessment of the
statistical data that the Court seem to assign some evidentiary value even to those statistics that
it does not consider conclusive to establish a prima facie case.
In Horváth and Kiss, on the other hand, the Court found that the statistical data was sufficiently
conclusive to prove that children of Roma ethnicity have been overrepresented in special
educational programmes, due to their systematic misdiagnosis of mental disability:
The proportion of Roma students at the Göllesz Viktor Remedial Primary and
Vocational School was 40 to 50% in the last ten years. Statistical data indicate that in
2007 Roma represented 8.7% of the total number of pupils attending primary school in
Nyíregyháza. In 1993, the last year when ethnic data were officially collected in public
education in Hungary, at least 42% of the children in special educational
programme were of Roma origin according to official estimates, though they
represented only 8.22% of the total student body.249
The Court noted that the Government did not dispute the figures in the statistics and did not
provide alternative statistical data. Therefore, it accepted that the data revealed a dominant

248
249

Oršuš and others, Grand Chamber, para. 152.
Horváth and Kiss, para. 7.

55

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

trend, and the fact that ‘a general policy or measure exerted a disproportionately prejudicial
effect on the Roma, a particularly vulnerable group’.250
The Court’s assessment practice regarding statistical evidence shows that there is no general
guideline on what data is sufficient to establish a rebuttable presumption in individual cases.
In both D.H. and others and Oršuš and others, while the statistical data in itself was not enough
to prove discrimination, the Court read the figures together with reports from independent
supervisory bodies and third-party interveners.
The Court’s declared standard of proof, “beyond reasonable doubt”, would suggest that
discrimination must be proved based on evidence in the instant case. By referring to a dominant
trend, or a larger societal context, the Court is clearly departing from the strict standard of
proof. This approach met with criticism, in the dissenting opinions. For example, Judge
Borrego Borrego pointed out that the Court’s role is not to assess the general position of a
minority in society, but to establish whether the respondent State was in breach of Article 14
of the ECHR:
After noting the concerns of various organisations about the realities of the Roma’s
situation, the Chamber stated: “The Court points out, however, that its role is different
from that of the aforementioned bodies and that, like the Czech Constitutional Court, it
is not its task to assess the overall social context. Its sole task in the instant case is to
examine the individual applications ...” (§ 45).
Yet the Grand Chamber does the exact opposite. In contradiction with the role which
all judicial bodies assume, the entire judgment is devoted to assessing the overall social
context (…). Thus, to cite but one example, the Court states at the start of paragraph
182: “The Court notes that as a result of their turbulent history and constant uprooting
the Roma have become a specific type of disadvantaged and vulnerable minority.” Is it
the Court’s role to be doing this?
Following this same line, which to my mind is not one appropriate for a court, the Grand
Chamber stated in paragraph 209 after finding a discriminatory difference in treatment
between Roma and non-Roma children: “... since it has been established that the
relevant legislation ... had a disproportionately prejudicial effect on the Roma
community, the Court considers that the applicants as members of that community
necessarily suffered the same discriminatory treatment. Accordingly, it does not need
to examine their individual cases.”251
Similar concerns were expressed by several Judges in the dissenting opinion to the Oršuš v.
others judgment. The Judges underlined that the statistical evidence presented in the case was
not conclusive enough to be considered as prima facie evidence capable of proving that the

250
251

Horváth and Kiss, para. 110.
D.H. and others, Grand Chamber, Dissenting opinion of Judge Borrego Borrego, paras. 4-6.

56

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

placement of pupils in special classes was discriminatory. They also agreed that discrimination
can be proved without statistical evidence. However, they stated that
[t]he present case is thus not about the situation of a minority in general but about a
concrete question of education practice (in two schools) in respect of a
minority insufficiently conversant with the language of instruction, and the measures
taken by the domestic authorities to deal with such a situation. (…) [T]he facts would
have to show that the effect of the practice had an adverse impact on the applicants and
could not be justified on other grounds.
It would seem that the majority viewed the case in the first place as a means of further
developing the notion of indirect discrimination in the Court’s jurisprudence. To be
able to do so it was, however, obliged to lean on arguments outside the concrete facts,
referring to the situation of the Roma population in general (…). As a
result, this became in some respects more a judgment on the special position of the
Roma population in general than one based on the facts of the case, as the focus and
scope of the case were altered and interpreted beyond the claims as lodged by the
applicants before the Court.252
The presented judgments reveal the practice of the Court in assessing evidence in indirect
discrimination cases. While providing statistical evidence is an accepted way of proving
indirect discrimination, it is not necessarily capable of establishing the rebuttable presumption.
Given the disadvantaged position of the applicants to access to evidence, the Court often relies
on reports from advisory committees and independent supervisory bodies. However, this
approach suggests that while continuously reaffirming that its standard of proof is beyond
reasonable doubt”, the Court has in fact abandoned this standard when it is examining whether
the applicants established a prima facie case.
Applying the strict proof “beyond reasonable doubt” principle would have been ineffective in
affording protection to the applicants under the Convention in Oršuš v. others, therefore the
Grand Chamber decided to apply a less strict evidentiary standard. The Grand Chamber
referred to the Council Directive on equal treatment:
[t]he appreciation of the facts from which it may be inferred that there has been direct
or indirect discrimination is a matter for national judicial or other competent bodies, in
accordance with rules of national law or practice. Such rules may provide in particular
for indirect discrimination to be established by any means including on the basis of
statistical evidence. 253

252

Oršuš and. others, Grand Chamber, Jointly partly dissenting opinion of Judges Jungwiert, Vajić, Kovler,
Gyulumyan, Jaeger, Myjer, Berro-Lefèvre and Vučinić, paras. 14-15.
253
Council Directive 2000/43/EC, para 15.

57

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

The European Court of Justice also ruled that it permits tribunals to rely on statistical evidence,
given that it is valid and significant254. Furthermore, the Grand Chamber referred to information
submitted by third-party interveners, noting that national courts and UN supervisory bodies
also accept statistics as evidence of indirect discrimination in connection of the applicants’
burden to establish a prima facie case. The Court consequently refers to “official” and
“reliable” statistics, however, it has not provided any definition or guidance on what statistics
does it consider reliable based on critical examination.
In D.H. and others, the statistics submitted by the applicants were obtained from questionnaires
sent out to the head teachers of ordinary and special schools in Ostrava. The Government
argued that the figures in the statistics are not sufficiently conclusive and that the questionnaires
did not contain official information on the ethnic origin of the pupils. The problem regarding
the difficulties in collecting comprehensive data including ethnicity or association with a
national minority has been pointed out by the European Commission.255 The Grand Chamber,
while observing that the data cannot be considered entirely reliable, noted that it does “reveal
a dominant trend that has been confirmed both by the respondent State and the independent
supervisory bodies which have looked into the question.”256
As discussed previously, the Grand Chamber relied on reports submitted by the respondent
State and the advisory bodies, and concluded that “the statutory provisions had considerably
more impact in practice on Roma children than on non-Roma children and resulted in
statistically disproportionate numbers of placements of the former in special schools.”257
Moreover, the Grand Chamber stated that, in contrast to the Chamber’s decision, it is not
necessary to prove discriminatory intent on the part of the relevant authorities.258
This argument is a clear deviation from the high standard proof “beyond reasonable doubt”.
However, the flexible interpretation of the standard, or indeed the application of a lower
standard is beneficial for the applicants, who are in a significantly disadvantaged position with
regards to access of evidence, compared to the Government. Accepting statistical inferences
aims to correct this power imbalance.

254

D. H. and others, Grand Chamber, para. 187.
Makkonen, Timo. Measuring Discrimination: Data Collection and EU Equality Law. Directorate-General for
Employment, Social Affairs and Equal Opportunities. European Commission. Luxembourg, 2007. p. 6.
256
D. H. and others, Grand Chamber, para. 191.
257
D. H. and others, Grand Chamber, para. 193.
258
D.H. and others, Grand Chamber, para. 193.
255

58

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

The Court formulated in previous cases that while statistics are accepted as evidence in proving
a breach of Article 14, it is possible to prove indirect discrimination without statistical
evidence.259 As discussed before, in Oršuš and others v. Croatia the Court noted that
the measure of placing children in separate classes on the basis of their insufficient
command of the Croatian language was applied only in respect of Roma children in
several schools in Međimurje County, including the two primary schools attended by
the applicants in the present case. Thus, the measure in question clearly represents a
difference in treatment.260
The Court also referred to general comments by the ECRI and the Commissioner of Human
Rights, both reporting that non-Roma parents opposed to the introduction of mixed classes,
creating an atmosphere of non-tolerance, thus hindering the end of segregation.261 The burden
of proof shifted to respondent Government, that had to prove that the practice of maintaining
Roma-only classes had an objective and reasonable justification.

These cases demonstrate the attitude of the Court when deciding on alleged indirect
discrimination in breach of the Convention. While the Court repeated in numerous decisions
that its standard of proof is “beyond reasonable doubt”, it is clear that the interpretation of the
standard is dependent on the subject matter. In indirect discrimination cases, an important
aspect of evidence is the elements that need proof. When submitting an individual application
alleging indirect discrimination, the applicant needs to establish a disproportionate effect of a
seemingly neutral measure, practice or policy. The use of statistical inferences is common in
the decisions in segregation: when an applicant is able to demonstrate discriminatory patterns
and connect these patterns to a seemingly neutral regulation or policy, the Court may consider
it sufficient to establish a prima facie case. Moreover, given the fact that the applicants have
to select a group of comparators, and the “use of statistics helps to shift focus away from narrow
individual comparisons and toward the identification of broader underlying structural
inequalities”.262

259

D.H. and others, Grand Chamber, para. 188.
Oršuš and others, Grand Chamber, para. 153.
261
Oršuš and others, Grand Chamber, para 154
262
Non-Discrimination in International Law: A Handbook for Practitioners. Interights, 2005, p. 127
260

59

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

5. Conclusion
As demonstrated in this thesis, the European Court of Human Rights has no formalised standard
of proof. According to the Convention, the Court is free to determine its own evidentiary
standards and it has no procedural barriers to the admissibility of evidence or predetermined
formulae for its assessment. While the ability of the Court to articulate its own standards can
be justified given the wide range of cases and the various types of Convention rights, this
practise creates ambiguity and legal uncertainty.
The Court, when interpreting the Convention, relies on the rules of international law, especially
when they refer to the protection of human rights. The present research analysed the
interrelationship between the Convention and other regional documents, within both the
Council of Europe and the European Union. These documents together form the European legal
framework of non-discrimination. Using this framework, the Court created its own analytical
framework, through instrumental decisions. These decisions interpreted the concept of indirect
discrimination, the shared burden of proof and the standard of proof.
The role of the Court, when considering individual applications is to determine whether the
respondent State was in violation with the Convention. The principle of the presumption of
compliance and the legal maxim onus probandi actori incumbit places the burden of proof on
the applicant. The Court stated in Nachova that its standard of proof is “beyond reasonable
doubt”. In indirect discrimination cases, however, it is ready to apply a lower standard:
[t]he Court has also recognised that Convention proceedings do not in all cases lend
themselves to a rigorous application of the principle affirmanti incumbit probatio (…)
In certain circumstances, where the events in issue lie wholly, or in large part, within
the exclusive knowledge of the authorities, the burden of proof may be regarded as
resting on the authorities to provide a satisfactory and convincing explanation.263
However, proving indirect discrimination, as demonstrated, can become an extremely difficult
task for the applicants, due to their disadvantaged position compared to the respondent State.
To ensure fairness and to afford protection to the applicants’ rights, the Court, if the applicant
establishes a rebuttable presumption of indirect discrimination, shifts the burden of proof to the
respondent State.
Establishing a rebuttable presumption, however, can prove challenging. The thesis analysed
the decisions in the cases of D.H and others v. the Czech Republic and Oršuš and others v.

263

D.H. and others, Grand Chamber, para. 179.

60

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

Croatia. The aim of the analysis was to identify the inconsistencies in the Court’s approach to
the standard of proof and the level of persuasion. The fact that in both cases the Chamber and
the Grand Chamber came to different conclusions calls for the re-evaluation of the standard
applied by the Court.
The Chamber, in both cases, stayed within the scope of the application and the claims by the
applicant. It required the applicants to establish that in their individual cases, based on the facts
of the cases, the State practice of placing Roma children in “special schools” or separate classes
had a disproportionate effect on them, compared to non-Roma children. As it has been shown
in this research, the disproportionate effect is extremely difficult to prove.
To establish the rebuttable presumption of indirect discrimination, applicants rely heavily on
statistics. While the Court previously articulated that it accepts statistics as evidence, the
Chamber has not found them conclusive enough in D.H and others. Moreover, while it
acknowledged that the statistics revealed worrying figures, based on the concrete evidence it
was not convinced that it was a result of racial prejudice. The Chamber focused on the purpose
of the establishment of special schools and concluded that the discriminatory motive behind
the practice of the placement of Roma children in special schools had not been proven.
Consequently, it refused to shift the burden of proof to the respondent State. This reasoning
shows the ‘failure to grasp the concept of indirect discrimination, the essence of which is that
the provision or practice which is alleged to have a discriminatory effect is neutral on its face
as to the prohibited ground’.264
The Grand Chamber, however, overturned the Second Section judgment, stating clearly that
indirect discrimination ‘may take the form of disproportionately prejudicial effects of a general
policy or measure which, though couched in neutral terms, discriminates against a group’265
and it does not require a discriminatory intent.266 Furthermore, the Grand Chamber considered
not only the facts of the individual case, but also the overall societal context. It established that
the relevant state practice is prejudicial towards the Roma community, and given that the
applicants are members of that community, they ‘necessarily suffered the same discriminatory
treatment’.267 The decision was criticised in dissenting opinions, stating that the Court

264

Corinna Ferguson (2008) Running Ahead of Strasbourg: Indirect Discrimination and Article 14 ECHR, Judicial
Review, 13:2, 71-77, p. 75.
265
D.H. and others, Grand Chamber, para. 184.
266
Ibid.
267
D.H. and others, Grand Chamber, para. 209.

61

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

overstepped its subsidiary role when it came to a different conclusion than the Czech
Constitutional Court during the review of the constitutional complaint268 and the decision of
the Second Section. On the other hand, the Grand Chamber decision was welcomed because it
clearly meant that the Court is willing to rule on indirect discrimination cases, and will accept
statistical evidence, as long as they are “reliable and significant”.269 While it seemed that the
judgment clearly indicated a new direction regarding the assessment of indirect discrimination
cases, it may not be the case.
Besides the ambiguous terms “reliable” and “significant” with regards to statistical evidence,
a more obvious sign of the inconsistency in the interpretation of the Court’s standard of proof
is the First Section judgment in the case of Oršuš and others v. Croatia. The decision came
after the key judgment of D.H. and others, however, the First Section did not take into
consideration the principles established by the Grand Chamber, nor did it comprehend fully the
concept of indirect discrimination. It once again examined the purpose of the creation of
separate classes for pupils with an inadequate command of the Croatian language and
considered it a positive measure aiming to correct factual inequalities, under the margin of
appreciation of the State. Even though statistics were submitted to prove the prejudicial effect
of the placement of Roma children in separate classes, the First Section, unanimously, did not
find that the State violated Article 14 in conjunction with Article 2 of Protocol 1.
The case, after referral, was decided by the Grand Chamber. The Grand Chamber followed the
approach of D.H. and others, and while it did not find the statistical data sufficient to establish
the prejudicial effect, it pointed out that since ‘the measure of placing children in separate
classes on the basis of their insufficient command of the Croatian language was applied only
in respect of Roma children in several schools’270, it clearly represented a different treatment.
The Court shifted the burden of proof to the respondent State that had to prove that the different
treatment was not discriminatory. However, it failed to discharge this burden, thus the Grand
Chamber found that the State violated the applicants’ right not to be discriminated against
based on their association with an ethnic minority under Article 14 of the Convention.
The Grand Chamber, while relying on the documentary evidence, did not find the statistical
data submitted by the applicants to be sufficient to prove the prejudicial effect of the measure
268

D.H. and others, Grand Chamber, para. 28.
Corinna Ferguson (2008) Running Ahead of Strasbourg: Indirect Discrimination and Article 14 ECHR, Judicial
Review, 13:2, 71-77,. P. 76
270
Oršuš and others, Grand Chamber, para. 153.
269

62

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

of placing Roma children in separate, Roma-only classes. Therefore, it shifted the burden of
proof based on reports from independent supervisory bodies and advisory committees,
describing the general societal position of the national minorities to which the applicants
belong. The Grand Chamber decision on the violation of Article 14 was concluded with 9 votes
to 8, and the reliance on arguments outside of the concrete facts of the cases met with criticism.
It is the author’s view that the assessment of a case of indirect discrimination, especially
regarding national minorities, must not be considered taken out of context. As the examined
cases show, the societal context of the Roma minorities plays a significant role in deciding
whether a seemingly neutral rule, policy or measure have a significantly disproportionate effect
on members of these communities. Moreover, without the overall context, it would be
extremely difficult to prove that the applicant was a victim of indirect discrimination.
As it has been discussed in this research, the difficulty in obtaining evidence to prove indirect
discrimination lies in the nature of the violation. It is covert, based on an objective rule or
measure that applies to everyone. Therefore, taken out of context, it often seems justified.
However, it is the prejudicial effect of these measures that is the essence of indirect
discrimination, and the burden to prove this effect lies on the applicant.
While the Court consistently states that it applies the standard “beyond reasonable doubt”, it
also underlined that the standard is not applied with the same scrutiny as in criminal
proceedings. However, the ambiguous interpretation of the standard result in substantially
different approaches to the assessment of the applications, and consequently, entirely different
conclusions, as it has been shown through the cases D.H. and others and Oršuš and others.
When the Court assigns evidentiary value to the overall societal context of a minority in an
individual application, it does in fact overstep the scope of the application and reaches over the
facts of the case. In the author’s view, departing from the strict focus on the facts of an
individual case also means the departure from the standard “beyond reasonable doubt”, and it
is the direction the Court should be moving towards.
This research also discussed the role of the Court, which is, according to the Convention, to
safeguard the observance of the obligations of the Parties. It has also been discussed that the
Court has subsidiary jurisdiction, meaning that it acts as a fourth-instant tribunal. It does not
aim to establish criminal guilt or civil liability; it functions to ensure that States parties to the
Convention respect and guarantee the rights enshrined in the Convention. This role of the Court
is further emphasized by the admissibility criteria. The Convention requires applicants to
63

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

establish the facts of the case and provide arguments substantiating their claims. Moreover, the
Convention requires the applicants to exhaust all available domestic remedies. These
requirements further underline the subsidiary role of the Court in protecting the Convention
rights.
Given the fact that by the time an application reaches the Court, the facts of the case, as well
as the claims of the applicants have already been well established, it is unreasonable to expect
the Court to conduct a thorough analysis into the merits of each individual case to establish
each relevant fact “beyond reasonable doubt”. Instead, acting as a subsidiary supervisory body,
the Court must establish, as the Grand Chamber did in D.H. and others, that the State rule,
measure or practice in question has or can have a significantly disproportionate effect on a
vulnerable minority.
It has been established by the Convention and the Court as well that the Court’s rule is not to
determine guilt or liability of the respondent State, but to ensure the protection of the rights
enshrined in the Convention. Individual applications are capable of pointing out deficiencies
in the domestic legislation, be it substantive or procedural. When the Court departs from the
approach that each individual case has to be established “beyond reasonable doubt”, it is able
to fulfil its supervisory function, and through the assessment of the individual application, it
can reveal deficiencies the respondent State has to correct in order to be in compliance with the
Convention.
The Court already stated that it is ready to lower its standard of proof in certain circumstances.
The analysis of the cases D.H. and others and Orsus and others showed that the Court’s
standard of proof, while inconsistent, in indirect discrimination cases is closer to the
“preponderance of evidence” principle. In this author’s view that is the approach that will
ensure the highest level of protection of the vulnerable national minorities right to nondiscrimination.
The required standard to shift the burden of proof is lower than “beyond reasonable doubt”.
The Court has articulated that in indirect discrimination cases, if the applicant is able to
establish prima facie that he was treated differently than persons in a relevantly similar
situation, the burden shifts to the respondent State to prove that the difference in treatment has
an objective and reasonable justification. As it has been discussed in this thesis, not only the
interpretation of prima facie case varies from case-to-case, but the evaluation of evidence and
the concept of a comparator also requires clarification form the Court. The acceptance of
64

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

statistics as evidence helps proving the discriminatory effect of a rule or practice, however, the
Court does not assign evidentiary value to all statistics. The reliance on statistical data during
the evaluation of a case is quite ambiguous. In D.H. and others, for instance, the Second Section
stated that it found the figures “worrying”, however, it did not find it “worrying” enough to
shift the burden of proof from the applicants to the respondent State.271 Moreover, the Court
stated that it is willing to accept statistics given that they are “reliable”, “official” or
“undisputed”, but it does not provide any guidance on how these concepts are interpreted.
This study examined the evidentiary standards of the European Court of Human Rights, with
regards to indirect discrimination based on association with a national minority. It revealed the
inconsistencies in the Court’s practice during the assessment of evidence and the application
and interpretation of its own standard of proof. It also showed that while the Court insists that
its standard is “beyond reasonable doubt”, it does, in fact, apply a less strict standard during
the evaluation of indirect discrimination cases.
This author’s view is that the departure from the strict interpretation of the “beyond reasonable
doubt” standard is justified. Conclusive evidence is not always available for the applicants,
therefore sharing the burden of proof and lowering the standard of proof increases the
protection of the Convention right at stake. However, flexibility of interpretation and a caseto-case approach can create ambiguity. The Court does not accept all evidence presented, and
there is no general guideline on what statistics does the Court consider reliable, and how does
the Court assess the figures of the statistical evidence.
What is needed from the Court is to pronounce this lower standard as a principle in cases of
indirect discrimination, to avoid conflicting judgments based on similar facts, as it happened
in D.H. and others and Oršuš and others. A clearly defined standard of proof would
undoubtedly enhance protection of the rights of members of vulnerable minorities.
Simultaneously, it would ensure consistent decisions, thus encouraging the States to comply
with their obligations under the Convention and correct the substantive or procedural
deficiencies.
Furthermore, clearly defined concepts of evidence would provide applicants alleging violation
of their right to non-discrimination with more legal certainty. A standardised approach to the

271

D.H. and others, Second Section, para. 52.

65

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

assessment of evidence would also be capable to make the Court proceedings more timeefficient and it would decrease the workload of the Court.
While the Chamber disregarded the evidence on the situation of the Roma community in both
D. H. and others and Oršuš and others, the Grand Chamber did put a strong emphasis on the
history

and

the

overall

societal

context

of

this

vulnerable

minority

group.

In this author’s view, when assessing a case of indirect discrimination, indeed because of the
nature of it, it is important to understand the position of the Roma population in order to decide
whether they are victims of systematic violation of their rights. Regardless of which approach
the Court takes, more consistency is required to establish the evidentiary value of the overall
assessment of evidence outside the scope of the applications and the concrete facts of the case.

66

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

BIBLIOGRAPHY
Treaties, Declarations, Resolutions, Directives
Council of Europe, European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and
Fundamental Freedoms, as amended by Protocols Nos. 11 and 14, 4 November 1950
Council of Europe, European Social Charter (Revised), 3 May 1996
Council of Europe, Framework Convention for the Protection of National Minorities, 1
February 1995, ETS 157
Council of Europe, Rules of Court of the European Court of Human Rights, 1 January 2020
European Union, Treaty Establishing the European Community (Consolidated Version), Rome
Treaty, 25 March 1957
Consolidated versions of the Treaty on European Union and the Treaty on the Functioning of
the European Union (TFEU) [2016] OJ C202/1.
European Union, Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union, 26 October
2012, 2012/C 326/02
United Nations, Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties, 23 May 1969, United Nations,
Treaty Series, vol. 1155, p. 331
UN General Assembly, Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court (last amended 2010),
17 July 1998
Council Directive 97/80/EC of 15 December 1997 on the burden of proof in cases of
discrimination based on sex
Council Directive 2000/43/EC of 29 June 2000 implementing the principle of equal treatment
between persons irrespective of racial or ethnic origin
Guide on Article 14 of the European Convention on Human Rights and on Article 1 of Protocol
No. 12 to the Convention. Council of Europe/European Court of Human Rights, 2021
Explanatory Report to the Protocol No. 12 to the Convention for the Protection of Human
Rights and Fundamental Freedoms. Rome. 4 November 2000

67

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner
Explanatory Report to Protocol No. 15 amending the Convention for the Protection of Human Rights
and Fundamental Freedoms Strasbourg, 24 June 2013

Committee of Ministers. Resolution (99) 50 on the Council of Europe Commissioner for
Human Rights. 7 May 1999
High Level Conference on the Future of the European Court of Human Rights. Brighton
Declaration. 19-20 April 2012.

Case law of the European Court of Human Rights
Ádám and others v. Romania, application no. 81114/17, Judgment (Merits and Just
Satisfaction), Court (Fourth Section), 8 March 2021
Baralija v. Bosnia and Herzegovina, application no. 30100/18, Court (Fourth Section),
Judgment (Merits and Just Satisfaction), 29 October 2019
D.H. and others v. The Czech Republic, application no. 57325/00, Judgment (Merits), Court
(Second Chamber), 7 February 2006
D.H. and others v. The Czech Republic, application no. 57325/00, Judgment (Merits and Just
Satisfaction), Court (Grand Chamber), 13 November 2007
European Commission of Human Rights. The Greek Case: Report of the Commission:
Application No. 3321/67-Denmark v. Greece, Application No. 3322/67-Norway v. Greece,
Application No. 3323/67-Sweden v. Greece, Application No. 3344/67-Netherlands v. Greece.
Strasbourg: The Commission, 1970
Hermi v. Italy, application no. 18115/02, Court (Grand Chamber), Judgment (Merits), 18
October 2006
Horváth and Kiss v. Hungary, application no. 11146/11, Judgment (Merits and Just
Satisfaction), Court (Second Section), 29 January 2013
Hoogendjik v. the Netherlands, application no. 58641/00. Decision (Admissibility), Court
(First Section), 6 January 2005
Hugh Jordan v. The United Kingdom, application no. 24746/94, Judgment (Merits and Just
Satisfaction), Court (Third Section), 4 May 2001
68

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

Husayn (Abu Zubaydah) v. Poland, application no. 7511/13, Judgment (Merits and Just
Satisfaction) Court (Fourth Section), 27 July 2014
Ireland v. The United Kingdom, application no. 5310/71, Council of Europe: European Court
of Human Rights, 13 December 1977
Merabishvili v. Georgia, application no. 72508/13, Judgment (Merits and Just Satisfaction),
Court (Grand Chamber), 28 November 2017
Nachova and others v. Bulgaria, application no. 43577/98 and 43579/98, Judgment (Merits
and Just Satisfaction), Court (Grand Chamber), 6 July 2005
Oršuš and others v. Croatia, application no. 15766/03, Judgment (Merits and Just Satisfaction),
Court (Grand Chamber), 16 March 2010
Oršuš and others v. Croatia, application no. 15766/03, Judgment (Merits and Just Satisfaction),
Court (First Section), 17 July 2008
Case "Relating to Certain Aspects of the Laws on the Use of Languages in Education in
Belgium", application no. 1474/62; 1677/62; 1691/62; 1769/63; 1994/63; 2126/64, Judgment
(Merits), Court (Plenary), 23 July 1968
Rocha v. the United Kingdom, application no. 32555/96, Judgment (Merits and Just
Satisfaction), Court (Grand Chamber), 19 October 2005
Sejdić and Finci v. Bosnia and Herzegovina, application no. 27996/06 and 34836/06, Court
(Grand Chamber), Judgment (Merits and Just Satisfaction)
Thlimmenos v. Greece, application no. 34369/97, Judgment (Merits and Just Satisfaction),
Court (Grand Chamber), 6 April 2000
Timurtaş v. Turkey, application no. 23531/94, Judgment (Merits and Just Satisfaction),
Court (First Section), 13 June 2000
Zornić v. Bosnia and Herzegovina, application no. 3681/06, Court (Fourth Section),
Judgment (Merits and Just Satisfaction), 15 July 2014

Other cases

69

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

Decision on the merits: International Association Autism-Europe v. France, Collective
Complaint No. 13/2002, European Committee of Social Rights, 8 March 2004
Bleier Lewenhoff v. Uru., Comm. 30/1978, U.N. Doc. A/37/40, at 130 (HRC 1982)

Monographs and articles
Anderson Q.C., David and Murphy, Cian C. The Charter of Fundamental Rights: History and
Prospects of Post-Lisbon Europe.. European University Institute of Florence, Department of
Law. Working Paper. 2011/08
Arnardóttir, Oddný Mjöll. Non-discrimination Under Article 14 ECHR: the Burden of Proof.
51 Scandinavian Studies in Law 13-39. 2007.
Arnardóttir, Oddný Mjöll. The “procedural turn” under the European Convention on Human
Rights and presumptions of Convention compliance. International Journal of Constitutional
Law, Volume 15, Issue 1, 1 January 2017, Pages 9–35
Arnardóttir, Oddný Mjöll. The Brighton Aftermath and the Changing Role of the European
Court of Human Rights. Journal of International Dispute Settlement, Issue 9. 2018. Pages 223–
239
Bicknell, Christine. Uncertain Certainty?: Making Sense of the European Court of Human
Rights’ Standard of Proof. International Human Rights Law Review. 30 November 2019
De Schutter, Olivier. The Prohibition of Discrimination under European Human Rights Law
Relevance for EU Racial and Employment Equality Directives. European Communities, 2005
Foster, Caroline E. Burden of Proof in International Courts and Tribunals. Australian Year
Book of International Law Vol. 29, issue 1, 2010.
Girod, Robert J: Logical Investigative Methods – Critical Thinking and Reasoning for
Successful Investigations. Taylor and Francis Group. 2015
Gunn, T Jeremy. Limitations Clauses, Evidence, and the Burden of Proof in the European
Court of Human Rights., In: Religion & Human Rights, Volume 15, Issue 1-2, 26 April 2020

70

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

Kokott, Juliane. The Burden of Proof in Comparative and International Human Rights Law:
Civil and Common Law Approaches with Special Reference to the American and German Legal
Systems.. The Hague, London, Boston: Kluwer Law International, 1998.
Letsas, George. The ECHR as a Living Instrument: Its Meaning and its Legitimacy. 14 March
2012. Available at SSRN: https://ssrn.com/abstract=2021836,
Mačkić, Jasmina. Proving Discriminatory Violence at the European Court of Human Rights,
BRILL, 2018
Makkonen, Timo. Measuring Discrimination: Data Collection and EU Equality Law.
Directorate-General for Employment, Social Affairs and Equal Opportunities. European
Commission. Luxembourg, 2007.
O'Connell, Rory. Cinderella comes to the Ball: Article 14 and the right to non-discrimination
in the ECHR. Legal Studies: The Journal of the Society of Legal Scholars. 29 (2). 2009. Pages
211-229
Roberts, Christopher: Reversing the burden of proof before human rights bodies. The International
Journal of Human Rights, 2021

Tobler, Christa. Limits and potential of the concept of indirect discrimination. DirectorateGeneral for Employment, Social Affairs and Equal Opportunities. European Commission.
Luxembourg, 2008.
Viljanen, Jukka. The Role of the European Court of Human Rights as a Developer of
International Human Rights Law. In: Cuadernos Constitucionales de la Cátedra Fadrique Furió
Ceriol nº 62/63 (2008): «Essays on the 60th Anniversary of the Universal Declaration of
Human Rights and the 10th Anniversary of the Valencia Declaration of Human
Responsibilities and Duties» (Vol. 1)
Wilkinson, Stephen. Standards of Proof in International Humanitarian and Human Rights
Fact-Finding and Inquiry Missions. Geneva Academy of International Humanitarian Law and
Human Rights. 2012.

Other sources

71

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

Council of Europe. Advisory Committee on the Framework Convention for the Protection of
National Minorities. Thematic commentary No. 4 The scope of application of the Framework
Convention for the Protection of National Minorities. The Framework Convention: a key tool
to managing diversity through minority rights. 27 May 2016
European Commission against Racism and Intolerance. General Policy Recommendation N°7 on
National Legislation to Combat Racism and Racial Discrimination. 13 December 2002

Strategic litigation of race discrimination in Europe: from principles to practice. A manual on
the theory and practice of strategic litigation with particular reference to the EC race directive.
Budapest, European Roma Rights Center, 2004.
European Commission Against Racism and Intolerance. First report on Czech Republic.
Adopted on September 1997, Published on 25 September 1997
European Commission Against Racism and Intolerance. Second report on the Czech Republic.
Adopted on 18 June 1999, Published on 21 March 2000
European Commission against Racism and Intolerance. Third report on the Czech Republic.
Adopted on 5 December 2003, Published on 8 June 2004
Advisory Committee on the Framework Convention for the Protection of National Minorities - Second
opinion on the Czech Republic adopted on 24 February 2005
Stigmata: Segregated Schooling of Roma in Central and Eastern Europe, a survey of patterns of
segregated education of Roma in Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Hungary, Romania, and Slovakia,
European Roma Rights Center, 12 August 2004
Report Submitted by the Czech Republic pursuant to Article 25, Paragraph 1 of the Framework
Convention for the Protection of National Minorities, 1 April 1999
Report by Mr. Alvaro Gil-Robles, Commissioner for Human Rights, on the Human Rights Situation of
the Roma, Sinti, and Travellers in Europe, 15 February 2006, CommDH(2006)

European Monitoring Centre on Racism and Xenophobia: Roma and Travellers in Public
Education - An overview of the situation in the EU Member States, May 2006
Second periodic report on measures taken to give effect to the principles set out in the
Framework Convention for the Protection of National Minorities under Article 25, paragraph
2 of the Convention; Advisory Committee on the Framework Convention for the Protection of
National Minorities - Opinion on the Czech Republic adopted on 6 April 2001
72

Gabriella Szilagyi-Krenner

Non-Discrimination in International Law: A Handbook for Practitioners. Interights, 2005.
Handbook on European non-discrimination law. European Union Agency for Fundamental
Rights and Council of Europe, 2018
Council of Europe. Explanatory Report to Protocol No. 14 to the Convention for the Protection
of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms, amending the control system of the Convention
Strasbourg. 13 May 2004
Council of Europe. European Court of Human Rights. Practical Guide on Admissibility
Criteria. Updated on 28 February 2021
Council of Europe. European Court of Human Rights. Seminar to mark the official opening of
the judicial year, Background paper. 30 January 2015
Utkarsh, Krishna. ICC’s Struggle with the Evidentiary Standard of Proof Beyond Reasonable
Doubt.

http://cilj.co.uk/2021/02/22/iccs-struggle-with-the-evidentiary-standard-of-proof-

beyond-reasonable-doubt/ Accessed on 25 June 2021
Opinions of the Lords of Appeal for Judgment in the Cause In re B (Children) (FC), Session
2007–08. [2008] UKHL35
https://publications.parliament.uk/pa/ld200708/ldjudgmt/jd080611/child-1.htm
HG.org, Legal Resources, https://www.hg.org/legal-articles/different-standards-of-proof-6363
(accessed on 21/5/2021)
Reasonable

doubt.” Merriam-Webster.com

Legal

Dictionary,

Merriam-Webster,

https://www.merriam-webster.com/legal/reasonable%20doubt Accessed 24 June 2021

73

