Opus ueritatem professum
Narrative, purpose, and method in the Res gestae of Ammianus Marcellinus

Eddie Björklöf
Matrikelnummer: 38673
Avhandling pro gradu
Allmän historia
Handledare: Holger Weiss
Fakulteten för humaniora,
teologi och psykologi
Åbo Akademi

ÅBO AKADEMI – FACULTY OF ARTS, PSYCHOLOGY AND THEOLOGY
Abstract for Master’s thesis

Subject: History
Author: Eddie Björklöf
Title of thesis: Opus Ueritatem Professum – Narrative, purpose, and method in the Res gestae
of Ammianus Marcellinus
Supervisor: Holger Weiss
The time today referred to as Late Antiquity was a time of turbulence and upheaval in the
Roman Empire. At the end of the fourth century CE, Ammianus Marcellinus authored an
extensive historical account covering the years from 96 CE to 378 CE, Res gestae, although
only the books covering the years 353–378 CE are extant. As one of the few literary sources
from this period not written by a Christian author, his account holds special significance.
This thesis is a narratological analysis of the extant books of Res gestae, focusing on how
Ammianus Marcellinus, despite his assurances that he has attempted to create a work without
conscious bias and omission, used it as a vehicle for social and political criticism. The
narratological framework created by Hayden White serves as a foundation for the analysis,
although the toolkit is further expanded and adapted by relying on the Classic field as well.
Using those tools, the thesis explores how Ammianus constructs allusive and specific critical
narratives, weaving together different events, actions, and characters, Ammianus excoriates the
ruling class of the Roman Empire, making the case for what he feels has contributed to a decline
in the Empire. It is a far-reaching account, and the thesis covers a selection of subjects he builds
his narratives on; the emperors that serve as the narrative focal point, their authority and use of
power, religion, the portrayal of the city of Rome, and the use of groups such as eunuchs that
Ammianus portray as a manifestation of the ills that plague the Empire.
The conclusion is that Res gestae a highly biased and reactionary work, where the last pagan
emperor, Julian, is portrayed in a manner that makes him serve as a didactic blueprint for
everyone to emulate. The narratives of the other emperors makes clear that they are less than
Julian, and are thus contributing to the turbulence in the empire. Ammianus reinforces this
through different narrative techniques, weaving together the aforementioned subjects to
strengthen his point. The bias Ammianus shows on occasion can be the result of his own natural
bias, or it could be a result of him using different subjects to create a critical narrative, or both.
Ammianus was affected by the sociopolitical context he was writing in, and thus had to be more
discreet in his approach regarding subjects such as religion. The fraught and turbulent times
clearly affected him, and Res gestae is a reactionary and didactic response that Ammianus was
well suited to write due to his professional and social background.

Keywords: Narratology, Res gestae, Ammianus Marcellinus, Late Antiquity, Julian, Caesar,
Augustus, Hayden White
Date: 19.5.2021
The abstract passed as maturity examination:

Number of pages: 101

Contents
1 Introduction ......................................................................................................................................... 1
1.1 Objectives, research question and demarcation ......................................................................... 2
1.2 Source material ............................................................................................................................. 3
1.3 Method and theory....................................................................................................................... 6
1.4 Literature review ........................................................................................................................ 13
2 Historical background and context ................................................................................................... 18
2.1 Ammianus Marcellinus ............................................................................................................... 19
2.2 Social and political context......................................................................................................... 21
3 Prominent narratives in Res gestae .................................................................................................. 25
3.1 Portrayal of imperial character .................................................................................................. 28
3.1.1 Julian (Caesar 355-360 CE, Augustus 361-363 CE) .............................................................. 29
3.1.2 The “non-Julians”: ............................................................................................................... 46
Gallus (Caesar 351–354 CE) ........................................................................................................... 46
Constantius II (Augustus 337–361 CE)........................................................................................... 51
Jovian (Augustus 363–364 CE)....................................................................................................... 63
Valentinian (Western Augustus 364–375 CE) ............................................................................... 67
Valens (Eastern Augustus 364–378 CE) ......................................................................................... 72
3.2 Morals and values....................................................................................................................... 79
3.2.1 Eunuchs ................................................................................................................................ 80
3.2.2 Authority and abuse ............................................................................................................ 84
3.3 Religion........................................................................................................................................ 92
3.4 The city of Rome and political centers ....................................................................................... 95
4 Summary and conclusion................................................................................................................. 100
Summary in Swedish - Svensk sammanfattning ................................................................................ 102
Sources and Bibliography ................................................................................................................... 106

1 Introduction
Haec ut miles quondam et Graecus a principatu Caesaris Neruae exorsus ad usque Valentis
interitum, pro uirium explicaui mensura : opus ueritatem professum numquam, ut arbitror,
sciens silentio ausus corrumpere uel mendacio.1
These events, from the principate of the emperor Nerva to the death of Valens, I, a former soldier
and a Greek, have set forth to the measure of my ability, without ever (I believe) consciously
venturing to debase through silence of through falsehood a work whose aim was the truth.2

Ammianus Marcellinus, who lived circa 330–395 CE, was a Roman historian who authored an
extensive historical account in Latin, Res gestae. The account consisted of thirty-one books
covering the time from 96 to 378 CE. It linked to Tacitus’ Historiae and began where Historiae
ended, namely during 96 CE with the ascension of Nerva to the throne. Today only eighteen
books are extant, covering the years 353-378 CE. The remaining books of Res gestae are among
the few literary works from this period that do not have a Christian author, which means they
form a distinct historiographic category of sources from the period in question. Ammianus
Marcellinus has for that reason, along with his own posturing, often been compared to historians
from earlier periods, and his reliability and abilities as a historian have been diligently debated
and viewed in that light.3 His predecessors were notably pagans4, which in the context of Late
Antiquity, where Christian hegemony was being established, has been given significant
attention in later research, occasionally to the exclusion of all else.
The scholarly appreciation of Ammianus Marcellinus and his value as a source has
varied during the last centuries, and the discussions broadly reflect the development of historical
science. From the middle of the 19th century Ammianus was deemed a substandard historian.5
Not only was the value of Res gestae as a source questioned, which reflected the current
developments in the discipline and new scientific criteria, but his language was especially
criticized. He was compared to historians of earlier periods and was deemed to be lacking their
Ammianus Marcellinus, Rerum Gestarum Libri Qui Supersunt, eds. Wolfgang Seyfarth, Liselotte Jacob-Karau,
and Ilse Ulmann (Stuttgart and Leipzig: Tenner, 1999), 31.16.9. The number 31 refers to the book in question, 16
to the chapter, and 9 to the particular line or sentence.
2
John C. Rolfe, Ammianus Marcellinus III (Cambridge: Harvard University Press, 1986), 31.16.9.
3
Gavin Kelly, “Ammianus Marcellinus: Tacitus’ heir and Gibbon’s guide”, The Cambridge Companion to the
Roman Historians, ed. Andrew Feldherr (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 2005), 349.
4
Alan Cameron in The Last Pagans of Rome defines pagan as the most simple and accurate term to use, especially
when treating for example the attitude of the Christian establishment to non-Christian groups. It is also a more
restricted reference than for example “polytheism”, which contextually was not free of pejorative connotations
either. Alan Cameron, The Last Pagans of Rome [Oxford: Oxford University Press, 2011], 25–30.
5
See chapter 1.4; Literature review, for more information and examples.
1

1

stylistic talent. Res gestae was thus pronounced a substandard work and a poor source, but that
has since been re-evaluated and the view of Ammianus, his work, and what can be gleaned from
it has changed drastically. During the last decades, Ammianus’ capabilities as a writer have
been reconsidered, and now he is viewed as an astute, manipulative, and allusive historian.6
This re-evaluation led to Ammianus being considered the last great Latin historian, who through
autoptic (i.e. what he has seen for himself) descriptions conveys visual image and penetrates
character. This, along with his highly individualistic use of Latin, and broad consummate
literary gestures, led him to produce a work of vast scope and significance.7 Since Res gestae
holds a unique position as a source for an eventful transitional period in the history of Late
Antiquity, the conversation about its value and what can be gleaned from it holds a special
importance.

1.1 Objectives, research question and demarcation
In Res gestae, Ammianus Marcellinus claims that he has produced a truthful account of events
from the rule of Nerva (96 CE) to the death of Valens (378 CE) to the best of his ability and
without conscious bias, omissions, or falsehoods.8 The aim of this study is to analyze and
underline how Ammianus, despite his explicit stance regarding truthfulness and objectivity,
uses Res gestae as a vehicle of social and political criticism. This includes ways in which the
author directly and indirectly appears in the text, how he sourced his work, and most
prominently the creation of specific narratives to create a highly nuanced and critical story. The
central questions of the thesis are how he constructed these narratives, as well as what purpose
they serve. It was turbulent and fraught time for the Roman Empire, so it is to be presumed that
Ammianus’ concern over people, developments, and events he feels has weakened or
diminished the Roman Empire are strongly reflected in the text. The aim is to through a
narratological analysis question the claim that Res gestae is an unbiased and truthful account of
events, and explore whether it can be construed as his instrument for highlighting and criticizing
the issues that he perceives plagues and weakens the empire. The role of the emperor and how
they affect the empire features prominently. In that vein, the thesis will explore whether he
suggests remedies for these issues, and what they in that case are. It is to be presumed that his
subjectivity and critical narratives are reflected in how he is sourcing his work as well. This

Gavin Kelly, Ammianus Marcellinus: The Allusive Historian (Cambridge, Cambridge University Press, 2008),
1–5.
7
J. F. Matthews, “Ammianus and the Eternity of Rome”, The Inheritance of Historiography 350–900, eds. C.
Holdsworth & T.P. Wiseman (Exeter: University of Exeter, 1986), 17–19.
8
See page 1, footnote 1.
6

2

pertains to what he chooses to build his narratives on, and what he chose to exclude in doing
so.
To avoid severing Ammianus Marcellinus from the intellectual history and societal
context he was operating in, the thesis will include some shorter historical and historiographical
overviews. Given the unique context and nature of Res gestae, there are a multitude of areas to
cover, especially when considering the complexity and scope of the text, and the multitude of
narratives contained therein. Earlier readings of Res gestae often took a largely biographical
approach to the text, although this approach is not fit for purpose today, as he is viewed as a far
more subtle and manipulative author than he was before.9 Rather than simply retelling what he
conceivably has experienced himself, he is now viewed as being far more cognizant of larger
developments and thus more reactionary in his text, casting a new light on parts of the text that
had previously been taken at face-value or summarily dismissed.10 Presenting brief overviews
of certain areas, e.g. the aforementioned sociopolitical context as well as religious affairs, are
meant to provide the reader with necessary background and context to some phenomena or
events that occur in his account.

1.2 Source material
The primary source material consists of the extant books of Ammianus Marcellinus’ Res gestae.
As previously mentioned, it presumably consisted of 31 books originally, although there has
been speculation that there could have been 36.11 The extant books, 14–31, cover the years from
353 to 378 CE. There has been some debate about why the years 96–353 CE would have been
covered in only thirteen books, while 353–378 CE stretched over eighteen books. However,
older times being treated somewhat summarily, and the accounts becoming more detailed the
closer they come to the lifetime of the author, is a relatively common phenomena in ancient
historiography. The idea was that “[…] those who give the most detailed information about
contemporary events are the most trustworthy, but those who give similar detail about the past
are least trustworthy”12. This seems to be the case with Res gestae as well.

Alan Ross, “Ammianus, Traditions of Satire, and the Eternity of Rome,” The Classical Journal 110, no. 3. (2015),
356–357.
10
Ross, “Ammianus, Traditions of Satire, and the Eternity of Rome”, makes a compelling case for re-evaluating
for example the arguably satirical digressions concerning inhabitants of Rome.
11
Timothy Barnes, Ammianus Marcellinus and the Representation of Historical Reality (Ithaca: Cornell University
Press, 1998), 26.
12
I. A. F. Bruce, “Theopompus and Classical Greek Historiography”, History and Theory 9, no. 1 (1970), 91.
9

3

Res gestae has a mostly chronological disposition, although Ammianus Marcellinus
sometimes deviates from this arrangement. He writes that he sometimes has to stop himself
from digressing too much in order to keep his account concise, and so that events be dealt in
their proper order, place, or time.13 There are over 300 digressions in Res gestae, during which
Ammianus deals with a multitude of different subjects. It is mainly during these digressions
that he deviates from his chronological plan.14 The digressions also contain a large part of the
geographical exposition in Res gestae,15 which is noteworthy because his focus on natural
phenomena (such as earthquakes and solar eclipse) and pestilence, along with geography
(which in the ancient sense also included things like ethnography), brings him closer to Greek
historiographical tradition, as opposed to Roman.16 It pertains to how the author might be visible
in the text, although the most relevant digressions for the thesis are the ones concerning the city
of Rome.
A noteworthy element of Res gestae is Ammianus writing it in Latin, presumably in
the city of Rome itself, and placing it firmly in the classical historiographical tradition. He does
this by for example linking directly to Tacitus.17 The Latinity of Ammianus was long
misconstrued and undervalued, and it is only relatively recently that it has been reassessed and
recognized.18 His style and language, previously regarded as crude and clumsy due to his
supposed inadequacy with the Latin language when compared to the classical masters, has been
recognized as being the result of the complex and masterful manipulation of the constitutive
elements.19 Gavin Kelly even concluded that “Ammianus wanted to speak Latin with a Greek

Ammianus Marcellinus, 14.9.9: Quae singula narrare non refert, ne professionis modum, quod sane uitandum
est, excedamus
15.1.1: Vtcumque potui ueritatem scrutari, ea, quae uidere licuit per aetatem uel perplexe interrogando uersatos
in medio scire, narrauimus ordine casuum exposito diuersorum; residua, quae secuturus asperiet textus, pro
uirium captu limatius absoluemus nihil obtrectatores longi, ut putant, operis formidantes. Tunc enim laudanda est
breuitas, cum moras rumpens intempestiuas nihil subtrahit cognitioni gestorum.
16.10.17: […] cuius originem formamque loco competenti monstrabo.
14.8.15: Nunc repetetur ordo gestorum.
14
Ammianus’ digressions cover a multitude of subjects, e.g. customs and history of different people (14.4:
Saracenorum irruptiones et mores: Inroads of the Saracens and their customs; 22.16: De quinque Aegypti
prouinciis, deque Claris eorum urbibus: On the five provinces of Egypt and their famous cities ), and technical
exposition (23.4: Decriptiones muralium machinarum, ballistae, scorpionis uel onagri, arietis, helepoleos, ac
malleoli: A description of mural artillery: the ballista, the scorpion, the ram, the helepolis, and fire-darts). He also
includes numerous digressions about the city of Rome, which will be treated in chapter 3.4: The City of Rome and
political centers.
15
Gavin A. Sundwall, “Ammianus Geographicus”, The American Journal of Philology 117, no. 4 (1996), 622.
16
Kelly, “Ammianus Marcellinus: Tacitus’ heir and Gibbon’s guide”, 353.
17
Ross, “Ammianus, Traditions of Satire and the Eternity of Rome”, 356.
18
Kelly, “Ammianus Marcellinus: Tacitus’ heir and Gibbon’s guide”, 348–350.
19
Roger Blockley, “Ammianus and Cicero”, 306–307.
13

4

accent”.20 This underscores the complexity of the text and the degree to which it during previous
centuries was often underestimated and misunderstood. It also emphasizes the need for care and
consideration when working with a text like Res gestae.
Another thing to consider is that the original work in Latin has been preserved through
manuscript transmission, the same as countless other texts. This makes it difficult, if not
impossible, to say precisely how closely the modern editions corresponds to the original work.
There may also be lacunae21. Some of the lacunae may also have been partially filled later by
others. However, the modern editions used in the thesis have been produced through textual
criticism, having considered the fact that there may have been some changes or different
interpretations. David Hunt and Jan Willem Drijvers claim the manuscript transmission of Res
gestae is not particularly complicated, being mostly based on two manuscripts from the first
half of the ninth century; the Codex Fuldensis and the Codex Hersfeldensis. The latter has been
lost since the 16th century (although six pages were rediscovered in the late 19th century and
some fragments in the 1980s)22, and which they consider the Fuldensis to be a transcript of.23
Recent studies have challenged this, arguing instead that they are both copies of the same
damaged original. However, these have by paleographical consensus been found to have been
produced near each other in time and are very close in their text, lacking major divergences and
sharing a lot of errors. 24
The Latin quotations in the thesis are taken from the 1999 edition edited by Wolfgang
Seyfarth (first edition printed in 1978).25 Direct translated quotes are taken from one of the only
complete modern translation into English, which is by John C. Rolfe in the Loeb series.26

Gavin Kelly, “Ammianus’ Greek Accent,” Talanta 45 (2013), 79.
Lacuna: ”blank or missing portion in a manuscript,” https://www.etymonline.com/word/lacuna [accessed
27.10.2020]
22
Gavin Kelly & Justin Stover, ‘The Hersfeldensis and the Fuldensis of Ammianus Marcellinus: A
Reconsideration”, The Cambridge Classical Journal 62 (2016), 109.
23
David Hunt & Jan Willem Drijvers, “Introduction: Text, commentaries and translations,” in The Late Roman
World and Its Historian: Interpreting Ammianus Marcellinus, eds. David Hunt & Jan Willem Drijvers (London:
Taylor & Francis Group, 1999), 7
24
Kelly & Stover, “The Hersfeldensis and the Fuldensis of Ammianus Marcellinus” 108–110.
25
Wolfgang Seyfarth. Ammiani Marcellini rerum gestarum libri qui supersunt, eds Wolfgang Seyfarth,
aduuantibus Liselotte Jacob-Karau et Ilse Ulmann, 2nd edition. (Stuttgart and Leipzig: De Gruyter, 1999).
26
John C. Rolfe, Ammianus Marcellinus I (Cambridge: Harvard University Press, 1982).
John C. Rolfe, Ammianus Marcellinus II: books XX-XXVI (Cambridge: Harvard University Press, 1986).
John C. Rolfe, Ammianus Marcellinus III: books XXVII-XXXI (Cambridge: Harvard University Press, 1986).
20
21

5

1.3 Method and theory
Texts are produced in a particular context, be it societal, geographical, cultural, economic, or
any other. This naturally infers a certain degree of subjectivity, even while considering that
there is also room for a certain amount of agency within that framework, e.g. how situationally
aware or reactive the author is towards certain subjects. The primary method this thesis relies
on to approach Res gestae is narratology. Since the mid-1980s, narratology has become
progressively more prevalent in the analyzing of ancient texts, e.g. challenging the trend of alltoo-biographical readings, as well as helping unveil the ideologies of the text through
focalization. Analyzing the role of narrator and narrate, characterization, handlings of time,
matters of focalization, and similar aspects, introduced a new way to approach texts, especially
those previously deemed problematic when approached through a biographical lens.27
The focus of Res gestae is predominantly the actions of the imperial males of the
period, along with some experiences of the author and the environments and settings in which
he was active. This means a prominent focus on the military, as well the higher social and
political strata of the Roman Empire. Given the focus of the text, the prominence of the upper
elements of society is not extraordinary, but it is a fundamental subjective narrative at the root
of the work. Peter Kosso has underlined the selectivity at work in contexts like these:
[…] facts are selected by the original historical sources [and] often written by the victors and
a priori must be written by the literate. These and other constraints pick out not only certain
kinds of facts, and so the record is biased in favor of information on the powerful, the wealthy,
and other past elites, most notably religious ones. Unique and special events were considered
noteworthy, while the everyday and mundane were not, and so facts about commoners and the
commonplace are missing from the record.28

As such, the narrative is doubly skewed in favor of the powerful and the wealthy, both by choice
and by context. Subsequently, there is already an implicit bias that defines the Res gestae.
Among the members of the past Roman elite, whom Ammianus Marcellinus often both
refers to and engages with, Marcus Tullius Cicero stands out. Ammianus quotes or references
him on numerous occasions in Res gestae,29 displaying comprehensive knowledge of his work
(including parts that are no longer extant). The late Roman Republic, the time in which Cicero

Irene J. F. De Jong, Narratology and Classics: a practical guide (Oxford: Oxford University Press, 2014), 9–
11.
28
Peter Kosso, “Philosophy of Historiography”, in A Companion to the Philosophy of History and
Historiography, ed. Aviezer Tucker (Oxford: Wiley-Blackwell, 2011), 5–6.
29
Roger Blockley, “Ammianus and Cicero: The Epilogue of the “History” as a Literary Statement”, Phoenix 52,
no. 3-4 (1998), 309.
27

6

was active, generally constitutes the most referred-to period in Res gestae.30 Whilst not directly
referenced in Res gestae, it is thus highly probable that Ammianus was familiar with Cicero’s
thoughts about history as “life’s teacher”, historia magistra vitae.31 This generally means the
study of the past providing lessons for the future.32 This mode of thought serves as a foundation
of sorts for this thesis, as it includes discussion about the sociopolitical criticism, warning
examples, and subtle but recurring hints at improvement that permeate the narratives of Res
gestae. Despite Ammianus’ proclaimed desire to create a work without conscious omissions,
falsehoods, or bias, he created multiple different narratives surrounding a multitude of peoples
and subjects, framing some in a positive manner and others in far less flattering ones. His
opinions and values permeate the whole of the text, and sometimes he outright praises and
flatters certain people, while sharply criticizing others. All of this indicates that he is creating
something normative and didactic, rather than wholly descriptive. Furthermore, it points to an
explicit bias in Res gestae.
Furthermore, it is imperative to note the extent to which the author engaged with, and
is the result of, both the contemporary world and the past. Jason König and Tim Whitmarsh
highlighted the importance of considering societal context, arguing that conceptions of
knowledge and ways of textualizing these were deeply entwined with social and political
practices and ideals within the Roman Empire. They highlighted the importance of empire and
‘imperialness’ in particular.33 Furthermore, assessing the cultural and historical specificity of
knowledge systems must be viewed in relation to what came before. This includes that the
relationship between for example ancient empire and knowledge (here deemed mutually
parasitic) arose from certain rhetorical traditions and institutional structures.34 Considering e.g.
Ammianus’ frequent references to the late Roman Republic and allusions to classical authors,
the text must be understood in that context as well. Social relations and situations cannot be
ignored either, as König and Whitmarsh underline:

Ross, “Ammianus, Traditions of Satire and the Eternity of Rome,” 359–360, 362.
Marcus Tullius Cicero, K.W. Piderit, & Otto Harnecker. Cicero de Oratore (Amsterdam: A.M. Hakkert, 1965).
2.36: historia vero testis temporum, lux veritatis, vitae memoria, magistra vitae, nuntia vetustatis, qua voce alia
nisi oratoris immortalitati commendatur
32
Antero Heikkinen, Historiallisen ajattelun historia: Eurooppalainen perinne antiikista nykypäivään (Helsinki:
SKS kirjat, 2013), 29.
33
Jason König & Tim Whitmarsh, “Ordering Knowledge,” in Ordering Knowledge in the Roman Empire, eds.
Jason König & Tim Whitmarsh. (Cambridge, Cambridge University Press, 2007), 2–5.
34
König & Whitmarsh, “Ordering Knowledge,” 4–9.
30
31

7

[t]he world of knowledge – compromising both the institutions defining it and the texts
embodying it – is never neutral, detached, objective. The assumption that the textual
compilation of knowledge is a practice distinct from political power will not stand.35

This highlights how imperative it is to include context for text and author, as well as to consider
the structures of power, backgrounds, and hierarchies, patterns of thought, social relations, and
similar factors. It is crucial to attempt to understand the texts on their terms and in proper
context, rather than treating them as if they were produced in a vacuum. That would risk an
anachronistic approach. As shown, including social and historical context is crucial for the
narratological analysis. Excluding background and context risks skewing the understanding of
both text and author, which would lead to a faulty narratological analysis. Context and parallel
history are occasionally even mentioned in the text itself, with Ammianus claiming he will
speak no further of certain subjects, as contemporary records will confirm what he has already
said.36 However, social and historical context alone is not enough for a proper analysis.
On the topic of sourcing in Res gestae, and how it pertains to the appearance of the
author in the text, it is possible to separate between what Ammianus based on autopsy and what
he based on secondary sources. This can infer a degree of selectivity. Pertaining to the use of
sources, there has been debate about the extent of and relationship between Ammianus’ own
observations, visa, and what he has read, lecta. One feature of this is how he uses and references
what he has read, with his use of historical allusions as opposed to true “cross-references” being
spotlighted in modern discourse.37 A second feature is Ammianus shifting between a firstperson autoptic witness and a persona as a critical historian. The autoptic witness is presumably
largely based on his own observations (or wishing to convey that it is), whereas the historian is
treating events and experiences he has not taken part of or seen for himself. How he did this,
what he chose to include, and what he was building towards will feature prominently in the
narratological analysis. To the broader discussion about visa and lecta will be added ficta, i.e.
his presumed own inventions or embellishments, although the line between these can be
extremely thin.

König & Whitmarsh, “Ordering Knowledge,” 7.
Ammianus Marcellinus, 31.14.8: Haec super Valente dixisse sufficient, quae uera esse aequalis nobis memoria
plene testator.
37
Hans Teitler, ”Visa Vel Lecta? Ammianus on Persia and the Persians,” in The Late Roman World and its
Historian. Interpreting Ammianus Marcellinus, eds. J. W. Drijvers & D. Hunt (London: Routledge 1999), 191–
197; David Rohrbacher, “The Sources for the Lost Books of Ammianus Marcellinus”, Historia: Zeitschrift für
Alte Geschichte 55, no. 1 (2006), 107; Charles W. Fornara, “Studies in Ammianus Marcellinus: II: Ammianus’
Knowledge and Use of Greek and Latin Literature”, Historia: Zeitschrift für Alte Geschichte 41, no. 4 (1992):
420–438. See “chapter 1.4: literature review” for further discussion on the topic.
35
36

8

The primary narratological foundation for the thesis is Hayden White, who is arguably
most famous for his highly influential work on literary criticism in the historical discipline:
Metahistory: The Historical Imagination in Nineteenth-century Europe. In Metahistory, he
deconstructs the way in which historians often employ different strategies of explanation, and
how they use narratives to achieve their goal. He claims that historical works combine particular
data with theoretical concepts to explain the data, which in turn is combined with a narrative
structure to present a sequence of events presumed to have happened in the past.38 Whilst White
was primarily focused on the nineteenth century, he also explicitly meant it as a general theory
to analyze and deconstruct the structure of the “[…] mode of thought which is called
“historical”39.
White outlined a difference between chronicles and stories, as well as how the historian
interacts with these; a chronicle is an open-ended arrangement of events dealing with events in
the time that they occurred, whereas a story organizes these into a process of happening with a
beginning, middle, and end. In a story the events are also characterized through certain motifs.
White challenges the notion that a historian “finds” or “uncovers” the “stories” that lie buried
in e.g. chronicles; this would supposedly differ from fiction due to the historian finding their
stories, whereas a fiction writer makes their up. According to White, this downplays or hides
the role that inventing stories play in what a historian does:
The same event can serve as a different kind of element of many different historical stories,
depending on the role it is assigned in a specific motific characterization of the set to which it
belongs. The death of the king may be a beginning, an ending, or simply a transitional event
in three different stories. In the chronicle, this event is simply “there” as an element of a series;
it does not “function“ as a story element.40

Stories have a discernible form and raise questions that the historian has to anticipate and
answer; questions concerning what happened, how it happened, why it happened one way as
opposed to another, and how it ended. According to White, these questions determine the
narrative tactics the historian must use in the construction of their story.41 He also differentiates
between such questions, which create a followable story by providing a connection between
events, and questions that deal with the structure of the completed story. The latter concern
what the story adds up to and what the whole point of the story is. While the thesis will not

Hayden White, Metahistory: the historical imagination in Nineteenth-century Europe (Baltimore: John
Hopkins University Press, 1973), preface ix.
39
White, Metahistory. 1.
40
White, Metahistory, 6–7.
41
White, Metahistory, 6–7.
38

9

make use of much of the methodology White constructs in Metahistory, the previously outlined
parts serve as a theoretical background and framework.
On the topic of historical or scientific objectivity the thesis again leans heavily on
Hayden White, more specifically on the essays contained in The Content of the Form: Narrative
Discourse and Historical Representation. In the essays he rejects those concepts. He claims
that each narrative, however seemingly comprehensive and complete, by its very nature is built
on a choice to exclude sets of events that could have been included, but were not.42 Peter Kosso
argues in similar vein regarding narratives, underlining the need for a story to be analyzed
viewing the individual components. The pieces of evidence are used to construct the larger
description of what is presumed to have happened in the past, thus also acknowledging that the
evidence that builds up the story is selected by the historian. 43 This highlights the role of the
author of any given historical text, and raises questions about the purpose of constructing a
narrative in the manner chosen by the author. This aligns with the previously mentioned
questions Hayden White focused on.
White further stressed the relationship between law, historicity, authority, and
narrativity. He stresses that the degree of self-consciousness of any historiographical writer is
shaped by how much the social system and the law that sustains it occupy their attention. This
includes threats to the system as well. This connects to the aforementioned agency within
certain contextual frameworks. Linking to narrativity, White argues that it is intrinsically linked
to the impulse to moralize reality. He defines this as identifying it with the social system that
serves as the source for any morality,44 which in the case of Res gestae is strongly linked to
“imperialness” and religious matters. König’s and Whitmarsh’s focus on context aligns with
this. To put it briefly; the social and historical context must be duly considered and incorporated
into any narratological analysis, and attempting to remove someone from those skews the
analysis and the understanding of the author.
To further furnish this toolkit, the thesis lean on the Classic field as well. Gavin Kelly
argues in Ammianus Marcellinus: The Allusive Historian that:
the argument and structure of this work is, in common parlance, more ‘literary’ than
‘historical’ (I dislike the antithesis), but it is firmly grounded on historical foundations and
Hayden White, The Content of the Form: Narrative Discourse and Historical Representation. (Baltimore: The
John Hopkins University Press, 1987), 10.
43
Kosso, “Philosophy of historiography”, 13.
44
White, The Content of the Form, 13.
42

10

some of its conclusions are significant in historical terms: for example, the dubiety of
biographical reconstructions […] and the manner in which the historian used written sources
[…]45

Kelly argues that rather than taking Ammianus Marcellinus’ presumed autopsy as a
denominator of expertise and authority, it should be viewed in light of the artistry and
interpretation involved.46 This aligns with the aforementioned characterization and invention in
the historical discipline. Kelly further stresses that autopsy is often used in Res gestae to justify
or explain something that might otherwise appear to be fantasy, harkening back all the way to
the inception of classical historiography, where the use of incredible or legendary exempla was
quite common.47 He also argues that autopsy is used to reinforce Ammianus’ authority in certain
parts of the text,48 even though some of what Ammianus’ claims to have witnessed is at best
rather dubious and has at the very least probably been embellished. In other words, it is yet
another narrative tool used by Ammianus to furnish his story, one which has often lent
credibility and supposed expertise to the author. It ties into the debate about visa and lecta as
well. In conjunction with his outspoken claims that he is attempting to present an unvarnished
and truthful account, this helped brand him an “accurate and faithful guide”49 in the eighteenth
century.
This thesis posits that instead of attempting to be simply a descriptive vehicle for
events of the past, it has a normative and didactic purpose as well; Ammianus Marcellinus
subtly includes both prominent and frequent use of exempla as well as his own solutions for the
problems he singles out. Leaning on ideas like the aforementioned historia magistra vitae,
Ammianus Marcellinus constructs multiple narratives dealing directly with his concerns
regarding certain developments within the Roman Empire, as well as his suggested remedies
for these. Because narratives are also a way of creating, perpetuating, or criticizing the political
and social order, placing the historian into the real-world power structures, as opposed to
framing them as a neutral bystander, is underlined as critical by White.50 This is, as mentioned,
strongly supported by König and Whitmarsh. White also, when comparing “stories” to annals
and chronicles, highlights that annals and chronicles lack the consciousness of a social center,

Kelly, Ammianus Marcellinus: The Allusive Historian, 7–8.
Kelly, Ammianus Marcellinus: The Allusive Historian, 8.
47
Kelly, The Allusive Historian, 63–64.
48
Kelly, The Allusive Historian, 78.
49
Edward Gibbon, The History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire, vol. 2 (London: W. Strahan and T.
Cadell, 1781), 627.
50
White, The Content of the Form, 10–13.
45
46

11

without which the events listed in them lack cohesiveness, as well as ethical or moral
significance. The events are simply there, and do not serve any function. This stands in contrast
to narrativity, where the aforementioned social center strings together a sequence of events and
imbues them with meaning and motif.51 Ammianus Marcellinus is the social center of Res
gestae, deliberately choosing what is portrayed and how it is portrayed, imbuing the sets of
events he chose to include with cohesiveness and meaning. Depending on how metatextual one
wants to be, the framework of Hayden White could be stretched and Ammianus cast as the
narrative center of the work, with the emperors serving as the social center in the text. However,
given that Ammianus is still the author, and thus the originator of this dynamic, he is ultimately
the social center for the whole text.
Irene De Jong underscores that the author must also be understood within the
framework of narratology. Among the different kind of narrators she lists, Ammianus
Marcellinus arguably most aptly fits the description of an overt narrator, which De Jong defines
as:
a narrator who clearly manifests himself as a narrator throughout the text. His presence can
take various forms: he may be dramatized (given a life and personality of his own), comment
on the events he relates, or be self-conscious (showing awareness of and thematizing his role
as a narrator).52

Given that Ammianus frequently appears in the text, and focalizes the action both explicitly
and implicitly throughout the narrative, he most often assumes the role of an overt narrator. As
will be shown, Ammianus Marcellinus’ posturing and authorial self-fashioning is a recurring
theme in Res gestae. However, given the scope, complexity and variation both in and of the
text, he does not stick exclusively to the role of an overt narrator. A covert narrator, on the other
hand, does not offer commentary or reflection in the text.53 Given the both implicit and explicit
commentaries and bias in the narratives created by Ammianus that are the main focus of this
thesis, it is difficult to argue that he would assume that role frequently. Narrators can also be
internal and external to the narrative, and Ammianus switches between the two. His presence
in the narrative is occasionally more easily felt when he appears as a first-person narrator, as
opposed to when he is adapting his persona as a historian and analyzing events where he was
not present.

White, The Content of the Form, 11.
De Jong, Narratology and Classics, 26.
53
De Jong, Narratology and Classics, 27.
51
52

12

Due to the structure and variation of the material, a chronological review would not be
suitable to the purpose of the thesis. For that reason it will have a thematic disposition. In that
way the different categories can be discussed in a more concise way. As previously mentioned,
these primarily consist of different subjects and individuals that Ammianus Marcellinus
portrays in vastly different ways throughout Res gestae, building up scathingly critical
narratives in regards to certain topics, and blatantly showcasing his opinions and morals.
Following the theoretical framework of Hayden White, these narratives will be approached
through contextualized close reading. The Whitean framework will also be used to discuss the
broader contours of Ammianus’ narratology. There is an inherent risk of anachronistic thinking
in trying to apply this too strictly to something written so long ago, but it still provides a
conceptual framework to work within.

1.4 Literature review
Ammianus Marcellinus and Res gestae have, as previously mentioned, been the objects of
debate for centuries. The discourse has duly gone through a multitude of different phases, which
modern research stemmed from and reacted to. For this reason a brief contextual overview of
the research regarding Res gestae over the centuries will be presented, followed by examples
of more modern and specific research that tie more directly to the thesis. The older research is
included in the overview because it has informed the modern research to a significant degree,
and thus also informs the methodological discussion of the thesis. In short, it is a background
to the research regarding the material.
As mentioned, the reputation of Ammianus and Res gestae has varied greatly
throughout the centuries. Roger Blockley summarizes the development of Ammianus’
reputation as:
[d]uring the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries, Ammianus was regarded as an estimable
and reliable source, and he was of enormous importance to Edward Gibbon for both facts and
judgements. From the mid-nineteenth to the early twentieth century, however, Ammianus’
reputation fell. The close examination of his language and its classical antecedents led to the
conclusion that he was an incompetent writer, whose main value lay in his uncritical
preservation of historical material. More recently, since the Second World War, Ammianus
has regained and surpassed his former reputation, and is now generally regarded as one of the
outstanding writers of antiquity, complex, subtle, and manipulative, and, therefore, to be
handled very warily as a source of historical fact.54

54

Blockley, “Ammianus Marcellinus and his Classical Background”, 459.

13

Edward Gibbon, who wrote his his influential The History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman
Empire during the 18th century, notably praised Ammianus as “[…] an accurate and faithful
guide, who composed the history of his own times without indulging the prejudices and
passions which usually affect the mind of a contemporary”55. However, he still condemned
Ammianus’ language and literary abilities. Subsequently, the focus on Ammianus’ supposedly
inferior language led to a marked decline in his reputation, casting him as substandard and
wanting in comparison to his predecessors from classical antiquity, literary incompetent,
stylistically untalented, and incompetent as a historian in a modern sense. 56
The professionalization of the historical discipline, and the arrival of the Rankean
paradigm during the nineteenth century, caused a further deterioration of Ammianus’
reputation. The Rankean paradigm prominently focused on finding out about the past “as it
really was”, not sitting in judgement of the past, and affirming objectivity as an essential
characteristic of historiography.57 The fact that Res gestae was a text regarded to have been
produced with dubious credibility meant it was ill suited to this methodology.58 Furthermore,
his language was classified as Vulgar Latin, partially influenced by his borrowing from Greek
and earlier writers. The general consensus was that his knowledge of Latin was limited. He was,
in short, deemed linguistically and rhetorically subpar.59 To some extent the view of Ammianus
among historians from that period of time can be summarized with a quote from Kurt
Wachsmuth, who claimed Ammianus was writing what he could, not what he wanted
(“Ammianus schreibt wie er kann, nicht wie er will”)60. The general idea was that someone who
was that incompetent as an author cannot be competent as a historian.61
While there has been significant variation in how historians approach a source like Res
gestae, anchored in specific social and historical contexts, one recurring theme has been the
comparison of Ammianus as a historian to his predecessors from classical times. Whilst the
impulse to compare him to Tacitus has been augmented by Ammianus’ own posturing, he was
often compared to these aforementioned classical authors because a significant part of the
Gibbon, The History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire, 627.
Kelly, “Ammianus Marcellinus: Tacitus’ heir and Gibbon’s guide”, 348–349.
57
Paul Newall, “Historiographic Objectivity,” in A Companion to the Philosophy of History and Historiography,
2–3.
58
John Zammito, “Historians and the Philosophy of Historiography,” in A Companion to the Philosophy of
History and Historiography, 99–101.
Kelly, ‘Ammianus Marcellinus: Tacitus’ Heir and Gibbon’s Guide’, 353–355.
59
Roger Blockley, “Ammianus Marcellinus and his Classical Background – Changing Perspectives,” International
Journal of the Classical Tradition 2, no. 4 (1996), 458.
60
K. Wachsmuth, Einleitung in das Studium der alten Geschichte. (Leipzig: S. Hirzel, 1895), 677.
61
Blockley, “Ammianus Marcellinus and his Classical Background,” 460.
55
56

14

annalistic history in Latin produced between Tacitus and Ammianus is lost. This means an
important context is missing.
As evidenced, the reputation of Ammianus Marcellinus has fluctuated, often, but not
exclusively, anchored in how people viewed his abilities with Latin. Modern research, including
on his Latinity, has strongly pushed back against the views that a supposed difficulty with
language would have restricted or held him back, as a writer or as a historian. Gavin Kelly has
labelled Ammianus an incredibly allusive historian, a more subtle and manipulative author than
previously thought, whose work is rich with intertextuality with earlier classical literature and
history.62 Recognizing the Latinity of Ammianus renders significant amounts of the criticism
previously lobbed at Res gestae outdated or outright voided, opening up further discussion
about Ammianus’ abilities and purpose as a writer and historian.
The question of narratives in Res gestae has been discussed by e.g. John Weisweiler.
Weisweiler claims that close reading of Res gestae makes visible a discrepancy between the
comments of the author and the narrative, with the narrative around Caesar Gallus especially
singled out for criticism.63 Weisweiler further claims that modern research has approached the
narrative issues in Res gestae in three different ways: one casting the discrepancies as the
historian being unable to combine contradictory source material into a consistent chain of
events; a second pointing to a lack of revision and inability to deal with such extensive and
complicated source material; and a third pointing to the discrepancies being a sign of
partisanship and that Ammianus Marcellinus distorted facts due to his sympathies towards for
example Julian, pagan religions, and so forth. However, he also points out that this has been a
matter of important, albeit not necessarily the most fruitful, debate, and there are plenty of
variation in all these views.64
Another topic of frequent debate is Ammianus Marcellinus’ relationship with religion,
which religion he himself adhered to, and how he portrays both Christianity and pagan religions.
Ammianus is now generally speaking viewed as an adherent of pagan religion who seemingly
treats Christianity gently in his work, but there have been plenty of dissenting opinions. R.L.
Rike summarises the discourse around Ammianus and religion as having included everything
from him being Christian, a monotheist leaning towards Christianity, a vague monotheist, a
Kelly, Ammianus Marcellinus: The Allusive Historian, 1–6.
John Weisweiler, “Unreliable Witness: Failings in the Narrative in Ammianus Marcellinus” in Literature and
Society in the Fourth Century AD, eds. Lieve Van Hoof & Peter Van Nuffelen (Leiden: Brill, 2015), 105
64
Weisweiler, “Unreliable Witness,” 105–106.
62
63

15

polytheist striving towards monotheism, a pagan opposed to all opulence and overabundance,
a superstitious pagan, or a man who was not affiliated with any religion but still open to
superstitions.65 There is still some debate regarding the issue, and Rike claims that even if the
theories supporting Ammianus being a Christian are not relevant anymore, his reputation for so
called neutrality in the question is open to interpretation.66 This, along with both the paganism
of certain prominent individuals and the rising predominance of Christianity in society, is why
religion features in the thesis.
The matter of perspective and sourcing in Res gestae has also been debated,
specifically the relationship between the details that can be interpreted as autoptic, read, or
outright supposedly invented, or any combination thereof. Some parts of Res gestae that are
allegedly based on autopsy have previously been singled out for criticism, particularly different
encounters with the Persians. One prominent example that has frequently been brought up to
cast doubt on Ammianus’ claims of autopsy and authorial truthfulness is an incident where he
claims to have witnessed the Persian army, and most importantly their leadership, from fifty
miles away, making detailed claims about them. He claims he could make out the shriveled
limbs and wrinkles of king Grumbates as well as the splendid attire of Shapur leading the
Persian army from some fifty miles away67, something which understandably has come under
some scrutiny, and also ties into the debate about visa and lecta. Hans Teitler, in specifically
analyzing the digressions regarding Persia and the Persians, concluded that Ammianus makes
frequent use of both lecta and visa, mixing his own experiences with other sources. 68 Craig
Morley also claims that:
[r]elated to his personal experiences, Ammianus’ position as a protector in the Roman
army ensured he was in an invaluable position to gain information from his contacts
in the military, such as Ursicinus, as well as access to the reports of scouts, spies and
deserters.69
Gavin Kelly argues in a similar vein as well, using another example to claim that:

R.L. Rike, Apex Omnium: Religion in the Res gestae of Ammianus (Berkeley: University of California Press,
1987), 1–3.
66
Rike, Apex Omnium, 1–3.
67
Ammianus Marcellinus, 18.6.21-22: […] unde, nisi oculorum deficeret acies, ad quinquagesimum usque
lapidem quoduis etiam minutissimum apparebat. […] agminibus oppletos innumeris, et antegressum regem uestis
claritudine rutilantem. Quem iuxta laeuus incedebat Grumbates, Chionitarum rex nobilis, aetate quidem media
rugosisque membris […].
68
Hans Teitler, ”Visa Vel Lecta?”, 196.
69
Craig Morley, “Beyond the Digression: Ammianus Marcellinus on the Persians”, Journal of Ancient History
and Archaeology 3 (2016), 11.
65

16

What he actually saw was the army; his pardonable exaggeration is the supplementary
information about the Persian line of battle which he received from informants, from
tradition, from what he himself saw at Amida. He may not have beheld with perfect
clarity the wondrous sights which he describes in fabulous manner, but they really
were there, when he said they were.70
As a general theoretical framework the thesis will work with the assumption that there is an
interplay and combination of visa and lecta and that they are, as shown, not mutually exclusive.
This is partly also why discerning what could be ficta is so difficult, given that Ammianus
combination of visa and lecta makes it seem like portions of his text are invented, when they
might be a based on other sources, despite him framing it as autopsy. The interplay, as well as
the switching between and combining of these, serves a narrative purpose as well, building up
multiple connected narratives using different sources and inflections, used to highlight certain
aspects and disparaging others. It points to degree of selectivity as well, given that the author
chose to include and allude to these things specifically, and thus build his narrative like that,
infusing some events with particular meaning. This is in keeping with the theoretical framework
of Hayden White, putting emphasis on the role the historian plays in stringing together chains
of events and the role “inventing” rather than “finding” stories plays. It further highlights why
a biographical approach is not fit for purpose.

70

Kelly, The Allusive Historian, 86–87.

17

2 Historical background and context
Due to the subject of the thesis some background and contextual information is necessary in
order to understand the implicit and explicit criticism in the narratives created by Ammianus
Marcellinus. This is because the author, as well as the social and political circumstances, feature
so prominently in Res gestae that in order to provide a more nuanced understanding of some of
the choices and comments Ammianus made, context and background need to be included. In
short, it is a background to what can be found in the material itself.
The remaining books of Res gestae cover, as previously mentioned, the time period of
353-378 CE and encompass a wide geographical area. It possibly covered the entirety of the
then Roman Empire in the complete work.71 Ammianus Marcellinus started his work with the
ascension of Nerva to the throne. 72 This seemingly connects to Tacitus ending his Historiae
with a depiction of the murder of Domitian, who was Nerva’s predecessor and whose murder
happened on the day of Nerva succeeding him.73 This strengthens the arguments that Ammianus
is a highly allusive and intertextual author, who possessed knowledge of his predecessors. The
books covering the period before 353 CE have been lost, so it is impossible to say to what
degree Ammianus rooted his work in Tacitus’. However, because Ammianus began his work
where Tacitus ended his, it has been common to compare them and analyze to what degree
Ammianus might have tried to imitate or refer to Tacitus. The question of how much Ammianus
consciously tried to link to Tacitus and for example what stylistic choices and possible
references might be parallels is a disputed one, although it is also possible he was actively trying
to at least allude to Tacitus as well. It is also unclear which general historiographical
conventions and poetical expressions might be allusions to e.g. Sallust, Livy, Virgil, Juvenal,
or Cicero, prominent authors who were still influential in late antiquity.74 The debt Ammianus
owes the classical authors, both Greek and Latin, has been recognized and debated since the
nineteenth century. How he incorporated them into his work later became a frequently debated
question as well.75

Kelly, “Ammianus Marcellinus: Tacitus’ heir and Gibbon’s guide,” 353.
See page 1: footnote 1 for complete quote.
73
Brian W. Jones, The Emperor Domitian (London: Routledge, 1992), 192–194.
74
Kelly, ”Ammianus Marcellinus: Tacitus’ heir and Gibbon’s guide,” 351; Antti Lampinen, ”Ammianus
Marcellinuksen gallit ja myöhäisantiikin klassillisoitu toinen,” in Vieras, outo, vihollinen, ed. Marja-Leena
Hänninen (Helsinki: SKS kirjat, 2013), 100.
75
Blockley, “Ammianus Marcellinus and His Classical Background,” 455–456.
71
72

18

Whilst Tacitus was undoubtedly an important influence, other influences have often
been excluded in order to underline the connection between Tacitus and Ammianus. This, in
conjunction with implying Roman historiography in Latin was a sleeping genre revived by
Ammianus, tends to ignore the fact that much of Roman historiography in the centuries between
these authors is lost. That includes large parts of Ammianus Marcellinus’ own work, and it is
almost impossible to know or with any surety determine what existed or not.76 Furthermore,
striving to find similarities between Tacitus and Ammianus can lead to the differences or other
influences being sidelined or ignored.
Considering that social and political context serves as a springboard for significant
amounts of the narrative criticism in Res gestae, the following sections will offer contextual
information about this and Ammianus Marcellinus himself. This is followed by the analysis in
the following chapter.

2.1 Ammianus Marcellinus
As the writer of Res gestae, the life and background of Ammianus Marcellinus is relevant in
how it informs the work. He regularly appears in the first person in the narrative, and the
narratives in Res gestae must be viewed and understood through the lens of his background and
experience. The biographical details about Ammianus Marcellinus himself are scarce and
primarily based on what can be read or inferred from the remaining books of the Res gestae.
However, contextual and parallel history provide additional clues to his background.
Ammianus at the end of Res gestae defined himself as a former soldier and a Greek.77
He was presumably born in the Greek-speaking eastern part of the Roman Empire around 330
CE, possibly in Antioch on the Orontes in what was then a part of the Roman province of Syria,
today in southern Turkey, and died around 395 CE. His first language was most likely Greek,
and it was long presumed that he had a high-class Greek education and background, only to
later quickly and somewhat clumsily incorporate Latin literature and education. This would
have colored his work written in Latin,78 not to mention a possible cultural affinity for other
Greeks. Next to nothing is known about his early life, but it is known that he embarked on a
military career and rose in the ranks to a protector domesticus, a member of the imperial

Charles W. Fornara, “Ammianus’ knowledge and Use of Greek and Latin Literature,” no. 4 (1992), 420–422.
Ammianus Marcellinus, 31.16.9: ”Haec ut miles quondam et Graecus […]”
78
Fornara, “Ammianus’ knowledge and Use of Greek and Latin Literature”, 420–438; J. F. Matthews, “The Origin
of Ammianus”, The Classical Quarterly (1994), 252–269.
76
77

19

bodyguard. His military background and rise to this relatively high position, at least gaining
him access to the imperial orbit, implies that he was at the very least not a commoner and
presumably bilingual, as Latin was the official language of both the army and the court.
However, his education and knowledge about Roman historiography is still a matter of debate.79
Ammianus’ own social background and position is difficult to establish exactly, given
the scarcity of information. Contextual clues, such as the aforementioned ones, offer glimpses.
Frank Trombley claims that from around 350 CE young men with no prior military experiences
were allowed to join the protectores, thus in effect becoming trainees for future military
commands. These men generally seem to have been from families where the father previously
had achieved high civil or military rank, which implies that Ammianus could have been raised
and educated in a family of curial rank.80 Trombley further elaborates that this schooling and
the professional skills of a protector presumably colored his approach in interpreting historical
phenomena, as well as giving him an insight and methodology for understanding political
events at the imperial court along with the military operations.81 Trombley underlines that
Ammianus’ attempts at establishing his authority as a well-informed observer of events,82
which will feature repeatedly in the analysis. This also aligns with Ammianus appearing
cognizant of larger societal developments, and strengthens the idea of him being more
reactionary and didactive, as opposed to wholly descriptive, in his text.
The narrative focus of Res gestae is, as mentioned, imperial males, along with military
officers and members of the aristocracy; influential and power people whose lives and actions
Ammianus depicts in different ways in Res gestae. These portrayals are based on Ammianus’
own opinions or information he has managed to collect, which is strongly rooted in his own
background and social position. He occasionally comments directly on some of these people,
and is thus tightly intertwined with the narratives he created. Hayden White also stressed that
the degree of self-consciousness of any historiographical writer is shaped by how much the
social system, and the law that sustains it, occupy their attention. This includes threats to the
system.83 The social system, as well as the threats facing it, are at the root of Res gestae; the
first half of the fourth century CE had been full of upheaval and war, and as will be shown,

Fornara, “Studies in Ammianus Marcellinus,” 421.
Frank Trombley, “Ammianus Marcellinus and Fourth-Century Warfare: A Protector’s approach to historical
narrative,” in The late Roman World and its Historian: interpreting Ammianus Marcellinus, 18.
81
Trombley, “Ammianus Marcellinus and Fourth-Century Warfare,” 16–17.
82
Trombley, “Ammianus Marcellinus and Fourth-Century Warfare,” 21.
83
White, The Content of the Form, 13–15.
79
80

20

Ammianus is consistently aware of and concerned about the state of the empire. This is hugely
influenced by his background. However, he also has a tendency to juxtapose the macroscopic
narrative of imperial figures to smaller-scale vignettes dealing with a wide variety of topics and
people. In that vein, the following section will further explore what this imperial history entails
and incorporates, as well as the social and political developments leading up to the extant
books.

2.2 Social and political context
Due to the prominent focus on the upper strata of society in Res gestae it is relevant to attempt
to briefly explain the political and social context for that period of time, as well as the
underlying reasons for them. The time period the extant books of Res gestae describe was
affected by the aftermath of the Tetrarchy, the system of government where the empire was
divided between two senior emperors, the Augusti, and two junior emperors and the designated
successors of the Augusti, the Ceasares. Each of them essentially ruled over their own part of
the empire.
The Tetrarchy was instituted in 293 CE by the emperor Diocletian and was built on
the aforementioned system of Augusti and Caesares. It eventually escalated into numerous civil
wars regarding succession, leading to the Tetrarchy collapsing around 312 or 313 CE, when the
empire was divided between Constantine in the West and Licinius in the East – both Augusti,
but without Caesares.84 Shortly put, this too collapsed 324 CE, when Constantine defeated
Licinius and ruled as the sole emperor, although it once again came to be ruled by multiple
emperors after the death of Constantine (337 CE).85 The collapse of the Tetrarchy set the
foundation for the political and social development that can be seen in Res gestae. The death of
Constantine led to the empire being split between his sons, which seems to have led to some
differences of opinion regarding how power should be divided and how they should rule, which
eventually led to an empire divided between the brothers Constantius II and Constans. Constans
came to be overthrown and murdered by Magnentius 350 CE, which in turn led to a civil war
between Constantius II and Magnentius, with Constantius II the victor 353 CE. This meant
Constantius II remained as the sole Augustus, and he raised his cousin Constantius Gallus to
the rank of Caesar,86 which is around the time the remaining books of Res gestae begin.

David S. Potter, The Roman Empire at Bay AD 180–395, 371.
Potter, The Roman Empire at Bay AD, 452–453.
86
Potter, The Roman Empire at Bay AD, 452–464.
84
85

21

During the fourth century there were notably changes on a sociopolitical level as well,
with the traditional aristocracy weakened and power moving to a new aristocracy whose power
rested on appointments and positions at court, meaning the traditional aristocracy lost influence
over the emperor. In other words, power was concentrated to the emperor due to him no longer
needing to strengthen and solidify his position through alliances and support from the traditional
aristocracy to the same extent, and the new aristocracy was dependent on the favor of the
emperor.87 As a result, linking certain trends and actors in the court of the emperor to the
emperor himself is made significantly easier for Ammianus. This also provided Ammianus with
an opening to in Res gestae excoriate the traditional senatorial aristocracy of Rome, which he
did for example in a scorching (and presumably satirical) digression wholly dedicated to the
faults of the senate and people of Rome.88 What virtues Ammianus extolls, how power should
be wielded and how it should be backed up are prominent features of the narrative about the
emperors and their courts, and will also feature in the analysis. Given the power and position
of the emperor, their character and approach to their duties was crucial to the success of the
empire; this will be shown to in many ways be the narrative lynchpin of Res gestae.
Essential to imperial power is the military, meaning significant portions of Res gestae,
both explicitly as well as implicitly through Ammianus’ aforementioned own military
background and training, concern the military situation of the empire. With the empire still
reeling from the civil war that made Constantius II sole Augustus, it was a fraught and turbulent
time. Domestically the empire was unstable after multiple civil wars, and foreign actors were
looking to take advantage of any perceived weakness. This links to the role of the emperor, as
it concerns the centralization of imperial power. Potter claims that:
[…] a new style of recruitment into the Roman army created a group with links on both sides
of the border different from those whose connections could be defined simply by influence,
clientage, or economic activity. The bureaucratic structures connected with the army now
stretched beyond the frontiers into tribal lands, creating a form of “Roman” who was brought
up outside the empire and yet played a role in the defense of the state. To be in the army, and
in the service of the emperor, was to be “Roman”, even if one’s roots were beyond the Rhine
or Danube […]89

In other words, the administrative and bureaucratic developments and prominence of the
imperial office during the fourth century also affected and was reflected in the social fabric of
the empire. Christianity was on the rise, and the interplay between imperial institution, action

Potter, The Roman Empire at Bay AD, 380.
Ammianus Marcellinus, 15.6: Senatus populique Romani vitia.
89
Potter, The Roman Empire at Bay, 433.
87
88

22

and the part religion played in all of this is a prominent aspect of the Res gestae. It is especially
relevant for the thesis due to the religious affiliations and portrayals of certain emperors in the
work. To a varying degree it gradually became what could be described as an identity-shaping
part of the narrative surrounding the Roman Empire, again underlining the importance of the
emperor as a character, and the characteristics of the emperor.
A second prominent feature of the narrative surrounding the Roman Empire and the
ruling class is the aforementioned religion. Prominent figures, as underlined by David Potter,
include Emperor Constantine and his sons. The centralization of the institution of emperor also
had a certain identity-building and community-shaping power in a geographically and culturally
vast and varied empire with occasionally loose ties. The affiliation for and deep involvement
of the emperors with Christianity made it a symbol associated with this further centralized
institution. The ever-evolving role of Christianity during the fourth century can in short be
exemplified by the alleged Edict of Milan 313 CE, which established religious toleration for
Christianity, 90 and the Edict of Thessalonica in 380 CE, which made Christianity the state
religion in the empire and enforced Nicene orthodoxy.91 On a social and political level this
represents a marked downturn for pagan practitioners. Keeping in mind that Ammianus, a
presumed pagan, was writing his Res gestae sometime during 380-390 CE it is plausible that
these developments affected him and his writing as well. During the reign of Gratian (367-383
CE) and later Theodosius I (379-395) several laws were passed that curtailed the rights and
practices of pagans (especially regarding animal sacrifice) and eventually outright banned their
worship, although Alan Cameron strongly questions how widespread and enforced these bans
were in reality.92 Considering the sheer size of the empire it simply was also not possible to
govern it (or even half of it) in a centralized fashion,93 meaning it is often difficult to draw
significant conclusions on for example what the edicts of one emperor or another actually meant
in practice around the empire. Regardless, the fourth century signifies a significant loss of
status, influence and security for pagans, and affirmed the status of Christianity in society.
Given that religious office was frequently tied to or even second to political office as well as
status in the aristocracy it also exemplifies the downturn of pagan power and influence in a

David Potter, Constantine the Emperor (Oxford: Oxford University Press, 2012), 149.
Gerard Friell & Stephen Williams, Theodosius – Empire at Bay (London: Routledge, 1998), 40-41.
92
Cameron, The Last Pagans of Rome, 47, 60–61, 65.
93
Peter Heather, “Liar in Winter: Themistius and Theodosius” in From the Tetrarchs to the Theodosians: Later
Roman History and Culture 284-450, eds. Scott McGill, Cristiana Sogno & Edward Watts (Cambridge: Cambridge
University Press, 2010), 192–193.
90
91

23

political context, leading to people converting to Christianity in order to maintain their political
and economic influence.94 This Christian hegemony and influence, as well as the animosity
resulting from the actions of some prominent pagans, presumably made Ammianus more
cautious and subtle when approaching matters of religion in Res gestae.
Julian, Caesar from 355–360 CE and Augustus 360–363 CE, was the last pagan
emperor, later dubbed the Apostate (Julianus Apostata) for his attempts at reviving the pagan
religions and cracking down on Christianity. Whilst the paganism of Julian is somewhat muted
in Res gestae, the surviving texts of Julian himself makes it exceedingly clear,95 again
highlighting the importance of context and parallel history. R. L. Rike also highlights that the
pagan revival Julian attempted presumably was important for Ammianus as well, naming his
marked anxiety over the present failure of Rome to maintain proper imperially supported
communication with the gods.96 At the time of writing the Res gestae and later, while enjoying
his success, the aforementioned laws that restricted pagan worship and ultimately forbade
pagans from holding public office were issued,97 something which could have caused
Ammianus to at the very least tone down any explicit paganism in Res gestae. The
predominance of Christianity, as well as Christian writers, gave rise to plenty of criticism
against Julian, the last pagan emperor of Rome who had cracked down on Christianity during
his short reign, for example by forbidding them to teach rhetoric unless they converted and
indirectly by attempting to restore the Jewish temple in Jerusalem.98 Given that Ammianus
sharply advocated for Julian in Res gestae it is likely that he was pushing back on the highly
critical narrative and writings that had come to dominate the narrative of Julian after his death.
As Ammianus was presumably attempting to rehabilitate the reputation of Julian in a
sociopolitical context that had a more Christian bent to it, it is possible he played down the
religious aspects in Res gestae in order not to stoke the flames and confirm the fears or
suspicions of the detractors of Julian. This again exemplifies the importance of not plucking the
author or text out of its proper context, as exemplified by White, König and Whitmarsh earlier.

Cameron, The Last Pagans of Rome, 13.
Rike, Apex Omnium, 1.
96
Rike, Apex Omnium. 27.
97
Christopher P. Jones, Between Pagan and Christian (Cambridge: Harvard University Press, 2014), 112.
98
Ammianus Marcellinus, 22.10.7: Post multa enim etiam iura quaedam correxit in melius ambagibus circumcises
indicantia liquid, quid iuberent fieri uel uetarent. Illud autem eras inclemens obruendum perenni silentio, quod
arcebat docere magistros rhetoricos et grammaticos ritus Christiani cultores.
Julian’s attempt at restoring the temple at Jerusalem will be treated in chapter 3.3: Religion.
94
95

24

3 Prominent narratives in Res gestae
This chapter will, as mentioned, have a thematic disposition; first focusing primarily on the
emperors and their character traits, the narratives surrounding them, and their narrative purpose.
This is followed by a wider discussion about certain narrative themes that run throughout the
whole of the Res gestae. This includes a discussion on how they correlate to each other. When
discussing these specific themes material from both the main body of the text and the
digressions can and will be included. Occasionally, some caveats can be included, depending
on how Ammianus Marcellinus has approached an issue, e.g. adopting a specific persona or
casting something in a specific light in a digression. Given the frameworks erected by
Ammianus himself, his authorial self-fashioning, and elements such as his use of digressions,
are a significant part of how he appears in the narrative. While there are multiple different
narrative threads that could be picked up, this thesis focuses primarily on those that run through
most, if not all, of the extant books, and appear to be building on his social and political criticism
and concern.
Ammianus Marcellinus appears in the narrative in different ways, and occasionally
alludes or points to constructed narratives himself. He confesses on multiple occasions that he
went off track or is being too hasty in his work. He repeatedly interrupts his treatment of
different subjects with the motivation that he is getting ahead of himself, and the subject at hand
should be treated in what he deems to be the proper place, time, and order.99 He even
occasionally states that he has allowed himself too long a digression and must return to his
subject or theme, 100 or that he does not want to digress too far and make his reader tired.101 He
purposefully structured his work and wanted to approach certain subject in what he deemed
their proper context, possibly also contributing to a better narrative tension. He also makes
numerous comments about how he is attempting to keep things short and keep the story flowing
to not bore his reader, or make it difficult for the reader to understand what he is attempting to
say.102 It indicates that he placed certain boundaries or restraints on himself. He not only chose

Ammianus Marcellinus, 14.9.9: Quae singula narrare non refert, ne professionis modum, quod sane vitandum
est, excedamus
100
Ammianus Marcellinus, 15.12.13: Euectus sum longius; sed remeabo tandem ad coepta.
101
Ammianus Marcellinus, 21.1.14: Ne igitur extra calcem, quod dicitur, sermo decurrens lecturo fastidium ferat,
ad explicanda prospecta reuertamur.
102
Ammianus Marcellinus, 15.1.1: Vtcumque potui ueritatem scrutari, ea, quae uidere licuit per aetatem uel
perplexe interrogando uersatos in medio scire, narrauimus ordine casuum exposito diuersorum; residua, quae
secuturus asperiet textus, pro uirium captu limatius absoluemus, nihil obtrectatores longi, ut putant, operis
formidantes. Tunc enim laudanda est breuitas, cum moras rumpens intempestiuas, nihil subtrahit cognitioni
gestorum.
99

25

what to include, but also how much time and space to dedicate to certain subjects, which again
indicates a purposefully constructed narrative. He has a framework that he is attempting to
remain inside, and trying to construct specific narratives within these self-imposed restrictions.
Regarding constructed narratives, it is possible to differentiate between what
Ammianus Marcellinus allegedly witnessed himself and what derives from other sources, e.g.
witness accounts and people he interviewed. He selectively combines his own experiences and
the testimony of others to construct a particular narrative, meaning there are elements of
autopsy, retelling narratives, “storytelling”, as well as technical expositions. Further
complicating this is how Ammianus has interpreted and then chosen to represent certain
subjects. As previously outlined, the intermingling of the autoptic voice with other sources, be
they heard or read, serves a narrative function in that it both anchors the narrative and
presumably infuses it with particular meaning. The overlap of visa and lecta occasionally makes
it harder to gauge what might be fabrication, ficta, although parallel sources and context can
occasionally provide a clue.
Some of the most telling source passages are those that concern the opinions and values
of Ammianus. They create a foundation for how and why he created the narratives that he did.
This includes the opinions he offers through his first-person narrative persona, as well as those
that emerge in a more general manner when he is occupying his persona as a ‘historian’, i.e.
interpreting events he has not witnessed for himself, or where he uses a ‘neutral voice’ to give
a moral judgement. Occasionally the subjectivity in Res gestae seems inadvertent, whilst he on
other occasions shows a measure of self-awareness and purpose. He also displays a critical
mindset at times, for example when writing about the exemplum of Menophilus. Ammianus
promptly states that nothing is known about Menophilus, except his commendable behavior in
a time of supreme crisis.103 He also states that writers of old left them with imperfect knowledge
regarding the origins of the Gauls (something later partially remedied by Timagenes, a true
Greek by language and vocation according to Ammianus).104 Whilst on another topic altogether
Ammianus suddenly branches out with a comment on the administration of Artemius, the viceprefect at Rome. Ammianus simply states some mutinous disturbances plagued Artemius’
Ammianus Marcellinus, 16.7.9: Uerum si forte scrupulosus quidam lector antiquitatum, Menophilium
Mithridatis Pontici regis eunuchum, nobis opponat, hoc monitu recordetur, nihil super eo relatum praeter id
solum, quod in supremo discrimine gloriose monstrauit.
104
Ammianus Marcellinus, 15.9.2: Ambigentes super origine prima Gallorum, scriptores ueteres notitiam
reliquere negotii semiplenam, sed postea Timagenes, et diligentia Graecus et lingua, haec quae diu sunt ignorata
collegit ex multiplicibus libris.
103

26

administration, but nothing else happened worth reporting.105 These rather offhand comments
are arguably narrative tools used to demonstrate that Ammianus is knowledgeable about or has
researched these matters, lending credibility and authority to his persona as a historian and
commentator. They also demonstrate his occasional critical approach to sources. It results in
his explicitly and implicitly subjective approach to other matters being more striking, because
while comments such as these build up his credibility, they also highlight the contrast in how
he approaches other subjects. Ammianus comments on the length of his text at the beginning
of the fifteenth extant book, claiming he will pay no heed to those criticizing it for being too
long because brevity or conciseness is only to be lauded when it “breaks off ill-timed
discursiveness, without detracting at all from an understanding of the course of events”106. This
puts his dismissive attitude towards some of the aforementioned issues into perspective, clearly
showing how selective he can be. It becomes even clearer when juxtaposed with for example
the supposed heroics of Julian in Gaul, which were apparently so numerous and valiant that
Ammianus feels the need to specify that he feels compelled to describe them one by one
according to his modest ability.107
A significant part of the narratological analysis will focus on how Ammianus uses and
frames different groups and individuals to further a specific narrative or to critique a specific
emperor and/or members of court. Different developments and trends he worries about or
appears to think have contributed to a decline of the Roman Empire feature prominently as well.
The extant books arguably create a narrative encouraging the return to and the virtues of the
one-man-rule imperial system following the chaos of the tetrarchy. The characters and traits of
the emperors, and how these affect their rule, are a significant part of this. Ingrained in that
narrative, pertaining to the criticism directed towards the administration of Constantius and the
other ills Ammianus believes are plaguing the Roman Empire, is his opinions of how the empire
should be reformed. The exempla and virtus of Julian are central to that narrative.
In an attempt to highlight these points, the next part of the analysis consists of different
segments where both the implicit and explicit subjectivity are discussed with context. The
Ammianus Marcellinus, 17.11.5: Dum haec ita aguntur, Romae Artemius curans uicariam praefecturam, pro
Basso quoque agebat, qui recens promotus urbi praefectus fatali decesserat sorte, cuius administratio seditiones
perpessa est turbulentas, nec memorabile quidquam habuit, quod narrari sit dignum.
106
Ammianus Marcellinus, 15.1.1: [...] residua, quae secuturus aperiet textus, pro uirium captu limatius
absoluemus nihil obtrectatores longi, ut putant, operis formidantes. Tunc enim laudanda est breuitas, cum moras
rumpens intempestiuas nihil subtrahit cognitioni gestorum.
107
Ammianus Marcellinus, 16.1.2: Quia igitur res magnae, quas per Gallias uirtute felicitateque correxit, multis
ueterum factis fortibus praestant, singular serie progrediente monstrabo instrumenta omnia mediocris ingenii, si
sufferecerint, commoturus.
105

27

following section will dissect specifically the narratives Ammianus constructs around certain
imperial individuals, their character traits, and how this permeates most of Res gestae.
Following that is an analysis of his moralizing tendencies that further display the inherent
subjectivity in the narratives he creates around larger issues or groups. These also quite
frequently tie into the narratives around the prominent individuals.

3.1 Portrayal of imperial character
One of, if not the most, prominent example of Ammianus Marcellinus’ narrative bias is his
treatment of certain prominent individuals. This section will explore how the description of
some individuals, such as Julian, can be favorable to them, in some cases explicitly and
extremely so. People in their orbit are frequently used as objects of comparison for them, and
in the case of Julian and Constantius II, they are often pitted against each other and compared
outright. As will be outlined, Constantius serves as a narrative foil to Julian and his virtus, being
portrayed as the polar opposite of Julian.
It becomes abundantly clear that Ammianus holds Julian in great esteem and admires
him, whereas e.g. Constantius is frequently presented as a distant figure with significant defects
in character. Ammianus builds a clear narrative around the different emperors, and notably
appears to have spent a certain amount of time around Julian; meaning he is basing his account
of Julian partly on his own alleged testimony and ripe admiration of Julian. In contrast, the
narrative surrounding Constantius has a more narratorial character, based mostly on the
eyewitness accounts of other people (along with other sources). It appears that Ammianus
created this contrast on purpose, in order to construct and spread a certain narrative about
Constantius and his administration, along with the effects this perceived misrule had on the
empire. Julian in many ways acts as the narrative center of the extant parts of Res gestae; first
as a protagonist given by far the most time and space in the narrative, and after his demise as
exempla and object of comparison. The emperors after the death of Julian in most respects get
the same treatment as Constantius, although Julian had already perished. For that reason, the
following section is divided into Julian and the “non-Julians”.

28

3.1.1 Julian (Caesar 355-360 CE, Augustus 361-363 CE)
Quidquid autem narrabitur, quod non falsitas arguta concinnat, sed fides integra rerum
absoluit documentis euidentibus fulta, ad laudatiuam paene materiam pertinebit. Uidetur enim
lex quaedam uitae melioris hunc iuuenem a nobilibus cunis ad usque spiritum comitata
supremum.108
Now whatever I shall tell (and no wordy deceit adorns my tale, but untrammeled
faithfulness to fact, based upon clear proof, composes it) will almost belong to the
domain of the panegyric. For some law of a higher life seems to have attended this youth
from his noble cradle even to his last breath.109
Julian was the brother of Caesar Gallus and Caesar himself after the demise of his brother. He
was born in Constantinople, spending the majority of his youth in the East. He did not set foot
in the West until 353 CE, at the age of twenty-two. It was not until 355 CE, when he was
summoned to be installed as Caesar, that he spent any significant amount of time in the West.
He notably also appears to never have ventured further south in Italy than Milan.110 Julian thus
never set foot in the actual city of Rome, which features prominently in Res gestae otherwise.
His upbringing was essentially entirely Greek, and he appears to have taken great pride in his
upbringing.111 This fact presumably sat well with Ammianus, given his previously mentioned
background and values and, as will be shown, the fact that he featured it in the narrative.
Julian appears in the extant books after the death of Gallus. Ammianus describes him
as being as different from Gallus in character as Domitian and Titus, the sons of Vespasian,
were to each other,112 with Gallus being compared to Domitian in this case. Contemporaries
described Domitian, whose assassination in 96 CE ushered Nerva to the throne, as a suspicious,
irascible, cruel, and egocentric tyrant.113 However, it has been argued that his tyranny was
overblown and that the narrative was created and dominated by a vocal, but small, section of
the population who opposed him or suffered under his reign. This notably includes Tacitus and
Suetonius.114 Whilst Gallus will be treated more thoroughly in the following section, his
presence here is relevant in that Ammianus clearly links Domitian and Gallus, casting them

Ammianus Marcellinus, 16.1.3-1.4.
John C. Rolfe, Ammianus Marcellinus I. (Cambridge: Harvard University Press, 1982), 203.
110
Alan J. Ross, Ammianus’ Julian: Narrative and Genre in the Res gestae (Oxford: Oxford University Press
,2016), 10.
111
Daniël Den Hengst, “The Romanization of Julian” in Emperors and Historiography : Collected Essays on the
Literature of the Roman Empire by Daniël den Hengst, eds. D W P Burgersdijk, and J A Van Waarden, (Leiden ;
Boston: Brill, 2010), 220.
112
Ammianus Marcellinus 14.11.28: [...] ; tantum a temperatis moribus Iuliani differens fratris, quantum inter
Vespasiani filios fuit Domitianum et Titum.
113
Martin Goodman, The Roman World 44 BC-AD 180 (London: Routledge, 1997), 64–66.
114
Brian W. Jones, The Emperor Domitian, foreword, 12–13, 17–18, 33, 124–126.
108
109

29

both as cruel and egocentric tyrants. He is already laying the groundwork for Julian’s virtus
(and associating him with Titus, whose reputation had become very glowing) by introducing
these foils. This appears in keeping with the narrative surrounding Domitian, with Ammianus
even reinforcing it and using it for his own narratological purposes. This historical reference
also builds on the connection between Historiae, which as mentioned ends with the ascension
of Nerva to the throne following the death of Domitian, and Res gestae, which according to
Ammianus started there. It is an example of Ammianus using a “historians’ plupast”115, a past
already in the past, and going beyond the framing of his own history. Simultaneously,
Ammianus is again showcasing his historical knowledge and building up the authority and
credibility of his persona as a historian, and in doing so immediately placing Julian in a select
group of (at least by Ammianus) exalted figures. He is laying a solid groundwork for the
narrative he is creating about Julian. The importance of highlighting the role invention plays
for the historian is evidenced here as well; Ammianus weaves together separate chains of events
and historical accounts, imbuing them with specific motifs, and casting characters in highly
specific ways based on contextual knowledge.
Due to the sheer size of the empire and enemies pressing on multiple fronts, the
situation in Gaul being particularly troublesome, Constantius saw a need for someone to share
the burden of power with. Julian’s ascent to Caesar was not without hitches, as there were
suspicions of him being linked to Gallus. Some courtiers were also opposed to another Caesar
at all because Gallus turned out to be a disaster. However, the way Ammianus portrays it, the
Empress Eusebia alone opposed those trying to sway Constantius away from appointing Julian,
either because she did not want to go to Gaul with Constantius or because of her native
intelligence, and Constantius subsequently sent for and appointed Julian Caesar, and sent him
to Gaul.116

Jonas Grethlein, ”Time, Tense, and Temporality in Ancient Greek Historiography” (Oxford: Oxford University
Press, 2014), 3–4.
116
Ammianus Marcellinus, 15.8.1-3: Et haec quidem Romae, ut ostendit textus superior, agebantur. Constantium
uero exagitabant assidui nuntii deplorabatas iam Gallias indicantes nullo renitente ad internecionem barbaris
uastantibus uniuersa; aestuansque diu, qua ui propulsaret aerumnas ipse in Italia residens, ut cupiebat, periculosum enim existimabat se in partem contrudere longe dimotam – repperit tandem consilium rectum et
Iulianum patruelem fratrem haud ita dudum ab Achaico tractu accitum etiamtum palliatum in societatem imperii
asciescere cogitabat. Id ubi urgente malorum impendentium mole confessus est proximis succumbere tot
necessitatibus tamque crebris unum se, quod numquam fecerat, aperte demonstrans, illi in assentationem nimiam
eruditi infatuabant hominem nihil esse ita asperum dictitantes, quod praepotens eius uirtus fortunaque tam uicina
sideribus non superaret ex more. Addebantque noxarum conscientia stimulante complures deincreps caueri debere
Caesaris nomen replicantes gesta sub Gallo. Quis adnitentibus obstinate opponebat se sola regina, incertum
115

30

One of most notable features in the narrative surrounding Julian is the obvious
admiration Ammianus has for him, occasionally bordering on almost outright hero-worship.
Ammianus actually dedicates several chapters to praise him outright. Ammianus uses most of
the first and fifth chapters of the sixteenth book to specifically praise Julian, i.e. the
aforementioned claim that Julian’s deeds in Gaul surpasses the deeds of many ancient heroes.117
He is again reinforcing Julian’s place among former heroes, although Julian had strictly
speaking not had much time to accomplish anything at this point in the timeline.
Ammianus exhibits some level of self-awareness when he writes that his praise of
Julian may seem close to a panegyric, but in doing so also defends it and attempts to build up
his credibility on the issue. However, this mostly serves to highlight his devotion to Julian.
Ammianus writes that:
[...] some law of a higher life seems to have attended this youth from his noble cradle even to
his last breath. For with rapid strides he grew so conspicuous at home and abroad that in his
foresight he was esteemed a second Titus, son of Vespasian, in the glorious progress of his
wars as very like Trajan, mild as Antoninus Pius, and in searching out the true and perfect
reason of things in harmony with Marcus Aurelius, in emulation of whom he moulded his
conduct and his character.118

This sentence, ripe with exempla, again links Julian to the virtues of this cast of characters.
Worth singling out is Ammianus’ claim that greatness followed Julian even to his last breath,
and the claim regarding military success. Julian evidently did have some success in military
ventures, especially in Gaul during his days as Caesar. The following chapter even describes
how Julian attacks the Alamanni, slaughters, captures, and vanquishes them.119 While there may
be some parallelism to Julius Caesar and Caesar Julian triumphing over trans-Rhenane
barbarians at work in Ammianus’ high praise, the aforementioned last breath of Julian came
during an expansive campaign against the Persians that ended in abject disaster. David S. Potter
even claims that:

migrationem ad longinqua pertimescens, an pro natiua prudential consulens in commune, omnibusque memorans
anteponi debere propinquum.
117
Ammianus Marcellinus, 16.1.2: “Quia igitur res magnae quas per Gallias uirtute felicitatesque correxit, multis
ueterum factis fortibus praestant […]”
118
John C. Rolfe, Ammianus Marcellinus I, 16.1.4: Uidetur enim lex quaedam uitae meliorism hunc inuenem a
nobilibus cunis ad usque spiritum comitata supremum. Namque incrementis uelocibus ita domi forisque colluxit,
ut prudentia Vespasiani filius Titus alter aestimaretur, bellorum gloriosis cursibus Traiani simillimus, clemens ut
Antoninus, rectae perfectaeque rationis indigine congruens Marco, ad cuius aemulationem actus suos effingebat
er mores.
119
Ammianus Marcellinus, 16.2: Iulianus Caesar Alamannos adoritur, caedit, capit, et fugat.

31

[t]he disasters suffered by Julian and Valens initiated the progressive military failure of the
Roman Empire, the emergence of successor states in western Europe, and the loss of Roman
control over the western part of the empire in the second half of the fifth century.120

While it is a broad interpretation being presented, it is one not altogether compatible or
consistent with the narrative of Julian that Ammianus creates, especially considering that Julian
died 363 CE and the surviving portions of Res gestae continues to 378 CE. To expect Ammianus
to predict the successive decline of Roman power and control in the western regions of the
empire would be anachronistic, but the abject defeat and death of Julian was still a fact.
Ammianus also laments the condition of the empire in other parts of the book. Towards the
very end of the extant books of the Res gestae, Ammianus writes of the Goths being allowed
into the empire, so bringing in the ruin of the Roman world. 121 Although that comment is
arguably an expression of xenophobia and cultural elitism, it also points to a clear awareness of
the decline of the empire.
Ammianus usually links the setbacks faced by Julian to Augustus Constantius II and
his strategy, and does not stop far short of claiming that Julian unhindered would have continued
his successful path, something David S. Potter claims could be a sign of Ammianus’ limited
understanding of strategy.122 While it is possible Ammianus had genuine blind spots regarding
Julian, it is also probable that he was building a structured and critical narrative of Constantius
and the flaws of his administration, or a combination of the two. It can be problematic to focus
such large and sweeping developments onto the actions and characters of just a few individuals,
but the almost exclusively positive and biased depiction of Julian opens the whole narrative
around him to critical analysis. It is impossible to with absolute certainty answer whether or not
Ammianus truly did perceive things the way they are depicted in Res gestae, or if they also
serve as a narrative foil for other administrations. Nevertheless, it is clearly within the realms
of possibility.
Ammianus makes a point to list the many virtues possessed by Julian, which included
his strict self-discipline,123 evidenced here by how Constantius II with his own hand wrote
instructions for Caesar Julian where he allowed generous expenses for Julian’s table. Julian

Potter, The Roman Empire at Bay AD 180-395, 475.
Ammianus Marcellinus, 31.4.6: Ita turbido instantium studio orbis Romani pernicies ducebatur.
122
Potter, The Roman Empire at Bay, 458.
123
Ammianus Marcellinus, 16.5.1: Primum igitur factuque difficile, temperantiam ipse sibi indixit atque retinuit
[…]
120
121

32

rejected this and contented himself with the food of ordinary soldiers.124 Writing such a specific
set of instructions is not precisely a note of confidence in Julian from Constantius, but
Ammianus goes on to on several occasions even compare Julian to Alexander the Great, e.g.
stating that:
[…] it came about that he divided his nights according to a threefold schedule – rest, affairs
of state, and the Muses, a course which Alexander the Great, as we read, used to practice ; but
Julian was far more self-reliant. [---] Julian could wake up as often as he wished, without any
artificial means. And when the night was half over, he always got up, not from a downy couch
or silken coverlets glittering with varied hues, but from a rough blanket and rug […].125

To not only compare Julian to Alexander the Great, but also claim Julian exceeded him in some
regards, again speaks to the respect and affection Ammianus had for Julian. It is a narrative
technique linking Julian to the imagery and exempla associated with Alexander the Great.
Considering that Res gestae was a historical work presumably meant to last it alludes to the
purpose behind that narrative as well. The comparison to Alexander the Great is not isolated to
only this occasion either, it appears again in book 21 when Ammianus discusses a military tactic
that Julian used that had been successfully been employed by Alexander (and other successful
generals) as well.126
Ammianus praising of Julian continues, with Ammianus claiming that once Julian had
finished with his official duties, he:
[…] turned to the exercise of his great intellect, and it is unbelievable with what great eagerness
he sought out the sublime knowledge of all chiefest things, and as if in search of some sort of
sustenance for a soul soaring to loftier levels, ran through all the departments of philosophy in
his learned discussions. But yet, though he gained full and exhaustive knowledge in this
sphere, he did not neglect more humble subjects, studying poetry to a moderate degree, and
rhetoric (as is shown by the undefiled elegance and dignity of his speeches and letters) as well
as the varied history of domestic and foreign affairs.127

Ammianus Marcellinus, 16.5.3: Denique cum legeret libellum assidue, quem Constantius, ut priuignum ad
studia mittens manu sua conscripserat, praelicenter disponens quid in conuiuio Caesaris impendi deberet,
fasianum et uuluam et sumen exigi uetuit et inferri, munificis militis uili et fortuito cibo contentus.
125
J. C. Rolfe, Ammianus Marcellinus I, 16.5.4-5: Hinc contingebat, ut noctes ad officia diuideret tripertita, quietis
et publicae rei et musarum, quod factitasse Alexandrum legimus Magnum ; sed multo hic fortius. [---] Iulianus
uero absque instrumento, quotiens uoluit euigilauit, et nocte dimidiata semper exsurgens, non e plumis uel
stragulis sericis ambiguo fulgore nitentibus […].
126
Ammianus Marcellinus, 21.8.3: id enim Alexander Magnus et deinde alii plures negotio ita poscente periti
fecere ductores.
127
J. C. Rolfe, Ammianus Marcellinus I, 16.5.6-7: Post quae ut ardua et serie terminata, ad procudendum ingenium
uertebatur, et incredibile quo quantoque ardore, principalium rerum notitiam celsam indagans, et quasi pabula
quaedam animo ad sublimiora scandenti conquirens, per omnia philiosophiae membra prudenter disputando
currebat. Sed tamen cum haec effecte pleneque colligeret, nec humiliora despexit, poeticam mediocriter et
rhetoricam …, ut ostendit orationum epistularumque eius cum grauitate comitas incorrupta, et nostrarum
externarumque rerum historiam multiformem.
124

33

In addition, Ammianus claims that Julian used his time to drive through “lofty and liberal
improvements in the civil administration”128, something which Ammianus claims contributed
to exemplifying the wise governing of Julian, which good rulers should emulate.129 Put together
it strengthens the impression that Ammianus’ purpose was to create something didactic, rather
than descriptive; providing an assessment of Julian that might not actually have corresponded
to reality but provides an ideal or a blueprint for others to follow. It further serves to rehabilitate
the reputation of Julian following his death. This is reinforced by Ammianus padding his
commentary of the actions taken by Julian with comments such as “for doubtless[ly] he
appreciated with his keen mind”130, which is another example of the incredibly leading
statements he sometimes makes about Julian. Stringing together alleged habits, routines, and
the presumed intelligence and depth of Julian into a narratological framework that serves to
highlight this idealized character also serves as a foil to other, less idealized prominent
individuals in Res gestae, who most assuredly do not get the same treatment. This ideal of
leadership and governing also stands in direct opposition to how Ammianus paints the rule of
Constantius, as will be shown in the next section (3.1.2: the “non-Julians”).
Alleged contemporary reaction to Julian also figures in Res gestae, with Ammianus
Marcellinus explicitly detailing how the servile court of Constantius disparaged and criticized
Julian. Ammianus rejects and maligns them in turn; he lists their jokes about Julian and his
success, including apparently making jokes about Julian’s “endless victories”, calling him a
babbling mole and a Greek dilettante, among other things.131 Here Ammianus again turns to
historical exempla to dismiss the courtiers, claiming that such treatment stems from glorious
actions always causing envy and thus leading these envious people to could not find any actual
wrongdoing to invent it.132 He again brings up some heroes of ages past, including Cimon, the
son of Miltiades, and Scipio Aemilianus, both of whom according to Ammianus were smeared
J.C. Rolfe, Ammianus Marcellinus I, 16.5.9: [...] aut in re ciuili magnanimitate correxit et libertate.
Ammianus Marcellinus, 16.5.16: Inter has tamen regendi moderandique uias, bonis principibus aemulandas
[…]
130
J. C Rolfe, Ammianus Marcellinus I, 17.1.12: […] id nimirum sollerti colligens mente, quod castra supra, quam
optari potuit, occupata sine obstaculo, tormentis muralibus et apparatu deberent valido communiri.
131
Ammianus Marcellinus, 17.11.1: Haec cum in comitatu Constantii subinde noscerentur – erat enim necesse,
tamquam apparitorem, Caesarem super omnibus gestis ad Augusti referre scientiam – omnes, qui plus poterant
in palatio, adulandi professores iam docti, recte consulta prospereque completa uertebant in deridiculum, talia
sine modo strepentes insulse : ‫﮼﮼‬In odium venit cum victoriis suis capella, non homo," ut hirsutum Iulianum
carpentes appellantesque ‫﮼‬loquacem talpam" et ‫ ﮼‬purpuratam simiam" et ‫﮼‬litterionem Graecum" et his congruentia
plurima.
132
Ammianus Marcellinus, 17.11.2: Namque ut solet amplimissima quaeque gloria obiecta esse semper inuidiae,
legimus in ueteres quoque magnificos duces uitia criminaque, etiamsi inueniri non poterant, finxisse malignitatem,
spectatissimis actibus eorum offensam.
128
129

34

by jealous detractors after varying heroics.133 This highlights how Ammianus’ stock of
exemplary characters are usually from the Classical or Hellenistic/Republican era. Ammianus
also interestingly compares the treatment of Julian to Pompey, who had earned the cognomen
Magnus (“the Great”). According to Ammianus, the evidence clearly proves Pompey was
second to none in his regard for his country, or in his patriotic acts.134 He claims that the
detractors of Pompey could find nothing in him to blame and ended up smearing him based on
two ridiculous traits, namely his habit of scratching his head with one finger, and having worn
a white bandage for a time to cover up an ugly ulcer. According to Ammianus these were
deemed a feminine or dissolute gesture and the other a sign he was intent on a revolutionary
coup.135 These rather specific historical exempla, with plenty of detail, again not only equates
Julian with these supposed heroes of old, it also showcases some of the values of Ammianus in
the text, as well as brandishes his authority as a historian who has done his research, shown for
example by his comment of clearest proof. It also quite firmly pushes back on criticism against
Julian that might have been percolating before or at the time of writing, which also highlights
the reactionary and normative nature of the text.
The perceived values of Ammianus Marcellinus are clearly visible in his treatment of
Julian. Ammianus shows a large amount of appreciation for abstention, even a degree of
asceticism, self-discipline generally, education, as well as intellectual curiosity and a desire to
improve. Julian serves as a vessel and recurring example of these values Ammianus seems to
hold dear; someone who does not make hasty decisions, takes time to consider, refuses to be
swayed by flattery and people trying to turn him to luxury and pleasure instead of his pursuits.136
There are only a few instances in Res gestae where Ammianus outright criticizes
Julian, most of them after Julian becomes Augustus and thus rather more free from constraint.
On the occasions where Julian encounters criticism before he becomes Augustus it is not
criticism from Ammianus or criticism implicit in the narrative, but for example from disgruntled

Ammianus Marcellinus, 17.11.3: Ut Cimonem Miltiadis filium, insimulatum …[…]; Aemilianum itidem
Scipionem ut somniculosum aemulorum incusari malivolentia, euius impetrabili uigilantia, obstinatae in
perniciem Romae, duae potentissimae sunt urbes excisae.
134
Ammianus Marcellinus, 17.11.4: […] eum uirum, quo nec fortiori nec amantior quisquam patriae fuit, ut
documenta praeclara testantur.
135
Ammianus Marcellinus, 17.11.4: Nec non etiam in Pompeium obtrectatores iniqui multa scrutantes, cum nihil,
unde uituperari deberet, inueniretur, duo haec obseruarunt ludibriosa et irrita: quod genuino quodam more caput
digito uno scalpebat, quodque aliquandiu tegendi ulceris causa deformis fasciola candida crus colligatum
gestabat : quorum alterum factitare ut dissolutum, alterum ut nouarum rerum cupidum asserebant nihil interesse
oblatrantes argumento subfrigido […]
136
Ammianus Marcellinus, 16.2.2: Nihil itaque remittentibus curis ancillari adulatione posthabita, qua eum
proximi ad amoenitatem flectebant et luxum […]
133

35

soldiers. In fact these occasions are usually used to portray Julian positively in the narrative of
the text, serving as examples of Julian turning tribulation to triumph. One such example is when
disgruntled soldiers confront Julian, angry because of the lack of rations and pay due to what is
first cast a miscalculation by Julian, but swiftly turned to Julian, and thus his troops, being
denied proper funds because of malefic policy stemming from Constantius and his court. This,
according to Ammianus, was exemplified by Julian at one point handing a soldier a coin for a
shave, leading to him being attacked with slanderous speeches by a man called Gaudentius,
who served as a notary at that point. This Gaudentius, Ammianus claims, was in Gaul in order
to spy on Julian and his conduct, and was eventually put to death on the orders of Julian. The
aforementioned angry troops slandered Julian, including apparently naming him a degenerate
Greek and a fool, but Julian restored order through soft words,137 thus again proving his merit
in a situation Ammianus casts as not of his making and certainly not his fault. The recurrent
theme of Julian being slandered for, among other things, being Greek by background and
disposition, followed by Ammianus explicitly responding to this through either the supposed
actions or words of Julian himself, or through historical exempla, is a noteworthy dynamic as
well. Julian’s interactions with the troops are often framed in the aforementioned manner, with
Julian meeting an obstacle and managing to sway them through his eloquence and charmed
oratory, winning their affection through his speech, brilliant leadership, and sharing in their
drudgery.138 These occasions are turned into a narratological tool, a storytelling element, to
showcase how Julian meets and overcomes tribulation, often making detours in the narrative in
order to provide exculpatory commentary, excuses, and details in favor of Julian. It is often
interspersed with a contrast to Constantius as well, whose reactions to complaints, tribulation
and gossip is a recurring theme in Res gestae,139 although these will be treated more extensively
in the next section.

Ammianus Marcellinus, 17.9.3-10.1: Frugibus enim nondum etiam maturis miles expensis, quae portabat,
nusquam repperiens uictus, extrema minitians Iulianum compellationibus incessebat et probris, Asianum
appellans Graeculum et fallacem, et specie sapientiae stolidum. […] Et erat ratio iusta querellarum. Inter tot enim
rerum probabilium cursus articulosque necessitatum ancipites sudoris Gallicanis miles exhaustus nec donatiuum
meruit nec stipendium, iam inde, ut Iulianus illo est missus, ea re, quod nec ipsi, quod daret suppetere poterat
usquam, nec Constantius erogari more solito permittebat. Hocque exinde claruit fraude potiusquam tenacitate
committi, quod, cum idem Caesar petenti ex usu gregario cuidam, ut barbas detonderet, dedisset aliquid uile,
contumeliosis calumniis appetitus est a Gaudentio tunc notario, ad explorandos eius actus diu morato per Gallias,
quem postea ipse interfici iusserat, ut loco monstrabitur competenti. Lenito tandem tumultu, non sine blanditiarum
genere uario, […]
138
Ammianus Marcellinus, 17.1.2: [...] uerum facundia iucunditateque sermonum allectum, in uoluntatem
traduxerat suam. Amor enim post documenta flagrantior, sequi libenter hortatus est omnis operae conturmalem,
auctoritate magnificum ducem, plus laboris indicere sibi quam militia, sicut perspicue contigit, assuetum.
139
This will be further explored in chapter 3.1.2: the “non-Julians”.
137

36

In 360 CE, Julian was hailed as Augustus by his troops, ostensibly as a reaction to a
mutiny provoked by Constantius ordering troops sent to him. Ammianus duly emphasizes that
this was supposedly not according to the wishes of Julian, who spoke against it and resisted
their attempts to proclaim him Augustus.140 However, he was subsequently compelled to
consent, and duly hailed as Augustus by his troops.141 Ammianus interestingly includes that
Julian during the night before he was declared Augustus was visited in his dreams by a figure
taking the shape the genius publicus142 usually takes, or so Julian allegedly told his inner circle.
This figure reproached Julian for resisting its attempts at raising him to a higher position where
he belongs, even now that public opinion was unanimous as well.143 Daniël den Hengst argued
that this not only helped legitimize this coup, but the genius is also a quintessentially Roman
figure. It also has a topical meaning in that it also represents Roman tradition, especially in the
pagan literature of the fourth century.144 This was presumably also designed to make Julian,
who as previously discussed was more Greek by vocation and upbringing, more palatable to
the Roman audiences and validate his ascension through Roman divine ordinance. den Hengst
also highlights that all manifestations of Genius-worship had been forbidden by Theodosius, so
including it could have been a veiled protest against that legislation.145 He also claims that
Julian, in his own works, described how he in this situation asked for Zeus’ advice and begs
Zeus to give him a sign, which Zeus did. Ammianus, however, does not include this.146 This is
another example of how manipulative Ammianus could be as an author, as well as showcasing
him indirectly engaging with contemporary society, given that the pagan Greek angle may have
misfired. Hugh Elton also argues that Julian was concealing the measures he had taken to make
the insurrection happen, which included assembling the troops and distributing copies of
Ammianus Marcellinus, 20.4.14-15: [...] ne ad euadendi copiam quisquam perueniret, Augustum Iulianum
horrendis clamoribus concrepabant, eum ad se prodire destinatius adigentes, exspectareque coacti, dum lux
promicaret, tandem progredi compulerunt. Quo uiso iterata magnitudine sonus Augustum appellauere
consensione firmissima. Et ille mente fundata, uniuersis resistebat et singulis, nunc indignari semet ostendens,
nunc manus tendens oransque et obsecrans, ne post multas felicissimasque uictorias, agatur aliquid indecorum,
neue intempestiua temeritas et prolapsio, discordiarum materias excitaret.
141
Ammianus Marcellinus, 20.4.17: Conclamabatur post haec ex omni parte nihilo minus, uno parique ardore
nitentibus uniuersis, maximoque contentonis fragore, probrosis conuiciis mixto, Caesar assentire coactus est.
142
den Hengst, “The Romanization of Julian”, 228: “[…] a young man with a cornucopia in the right hand and a
patera in the left.”
143
Ammianus Marcellinus, 20.5.10: Nocte tamen, quae declarationis Augustae praecesserat diem, iunctioribus
proximis rettulerat imperator per quietem aliquem uisum, ut formari Genius publicus solet, haec obiurgando
dixisse: ,,olim, Iuliane, uestibulum aedium tuarum obserua latenter augere tuam gestiens dignitatem et aliquotiens
tamquam repudiatus abscessi; si ne nunc quidem recipior sententia concordante multorum, ibo demissus et
maestus. Id tamen retineto imo corde, quod tecum non diutibus habitabo.”
144
den Hengst, ”The Romanization of Julian” 227–228.
145
den Hengst, “The Romanization of Julian”, 228.
146
den Hengst, “The Romanization of Julian”, 227.
140

37

Constantius’ letter.147 This could further exemplify that Ammianus was either blinded by his
devotion to Julian, or he was actively constructing a specific narrative. Through ignorance or
will, Ammianus omitted relevant details, and constructs a narrative that portrays Julian in a
specific manner. Given that Ammianus has portrayed himself as highly informed on a multitude
of other occasions, as well proven himself absolutely devoted to Julian, it is likely the latter.
Ammianus claims that Julian sent Constantius a letter explaining the situation and how
he feels they should continue, which Ammianus relays in full. Following that, Ammianus
claims that Julian sent Constantius a second letter of a more private nature, one that was more
reproachful and bitter in tone, but that Ammianus has not had a possibility to examine it and
that it would not be fitting for him to make it public even if he had.148 The second letter and the
inclusion of the fact that it may have been more combative in tone is an odd detail to include as
it throws doubt over the sincerity of the public letter. Whilst impossible to say with any
certainty, it could be another suggestion that Julian was more actively maneuvering towards the
role of Augustus than the more overt narrative has suggested. The comment that it would not
be fitting for Ammianus to include it in his text even if he had the possibility to read it also
points to a certain moralizing selectiveness as well.
Following Constantius rejecting the ascension of Julian they both set off on military
campaigns, Julian in Gaul and Constantius towards the east. Julian’s venture was, of course, a
clear success and he routed the Franks and recaptured territory they had previously seized.
Constantius, on the other hand, failed and withdrew without accomplishing what he came for.149
Ammianus rounds out the twentieth extant book with commentary on how Constantius,
whenever he does battle with the Persians himself, loses grievously. However, as he apparently

Hugh Elton, The Roman Empire in Late Antiquity: A Political and Military history (Cambridge: Cambridge
University Press, 2018), 78–79.
148
Ammianus Marcellinus, 20.8.2-3: Inter quae Iulianus apud Parisios hibernis locatis, summa coeptorum
quorsum euaderet, pertimescens erat anxius numquam assensurum Constantium factis multa uolendo considerans,
apud quem sordebat ut infimus et contemptus. Circumspectis itaque trepidis rerum nouarum exordiis legatos ad
eum mittere statuit gesta docturos eisque concinentes litteras dedit, quid actum sit quidue fieri oporteat deinceps,
monens aprtius et demonstrans.
20.8.18: His litteris iunctas secretiores alias Constantio offerendas clanculo misit obiurgatorias et mordaces,
quarum seriem nec scrutari licebat nec, si licuisset, proferre decebat in publicum.
149
Ammianus Marcellinus, 20.9: Constantius Augustus Iulianum Caesaris nomine contentum esse iubet legionibus
Gallicanis uno animo constanter repugnantibus.
20.10: Iulianus Augustus Francos cognomina Attuarios trans Rhenum inopinantes aggressus post plurimos partim
captos, partim occisos ceteris pacem petentibus dedit.
20.11: Constantius Augustus Bezabden omnibus copiis oppugnat ac re infecta discedit. Et de arcu caelesti.
147

38

still wants to have military successes he occasionally achieves this through his generals.150 As
previously discussed, the importance of the military and military successes for the emperor, as
well as arguably the identity of the empire itself, cannot be understated. With that in mind, it is
not surprising that Ammianus does his very best to tie Constantius to military loss and failure.
The supposed abject success of Julian and defeat of Constantius also sets the tone for
the next book, which foreshadows the death of Constantius.151 Ammianus claims Julian inferred
that the death of Constantius was imminent from prophetic signs and dreams, which Julian as
a learned man devoted to knowledge was familiar with, followed by an explanation and
validation of the intricacies of augury and divination.152 In the narrative this serves to both
embolden and validate Julian and foreshadow his at this point seemingly inevitable and divinely
ordained rise to Augustus. This dynamic was arguably set up early on in the extant books when
Julian had just been raised to the rank of Caesar and traveled to Vienna [Vienne in the Isère],
where upon his entry into the city a blind woman supposedly declared that this was the man
who would restore the temples of the gods,153 verbalizing where the narrative will take Julian.
The fact that Julian was a more active participant in the events leading to him being
declared Augustus, as opposed to unwillingly being declared so by his vehemently devoted
troops, is alluded to almost immediately following Ammianus’ explainer on predicting the
future. Ammianus recounts an incident that supposedly occurred when Julian was still Caesar,
again stepping outside his otherwise mostly chronological framing, where Julian was granted a
vision of a figure that told him Constantius would meet his doom. Following that Julian kept
gradually strengthening his position so that his increase in rank would coincide with a rise in
power. In order not to cultivate opposition among people he also pretended to be a Christian,
even taking part in a Christian service.154 This goes somewhat against the grain of the previous
Ammianus Marcellinus, 20.32: Euenerat enim hoc quasi fatali constellatione ita regente diuersos euentus, ut
ipsum Constantium dimicantem cum Persis fortuna semper sequeretur afflictior, unde uincere saltem per duces
optabat, quod aliquotiens meminimus contigisse.
151
Ammianus Marcellinus, 21.1: quo modo Constantium Augustum breui moriturum praenouerit, et de uariis
artibus future praenoscendi.
152
Ammianus Marcellinus, 21.6-7: Acuebat autem incendebatque eius cupiditatem pacatis iam Galliis incessere
ultro Constantium conciciens eum per uaticinandi praesagia multa, quae callebat, et somnia e uita protinus
excessurum. Et quoniam erudito et studioso cognitionum omnium principi maleuoli praenoscendi futura prauas
artes assignant, aduertendum est breuiter, unde sapienti uiro hoc quoque accedere poterit, doctrinae genus haud
leue. 8-12 is dedicated to explaining different ways to predict the future.
153
Ammianus Marcellinus, 15.8.22: tunc anus quaedam orba luminibus cum percontando, quinam esset ingressus,
Iulianum Caesarem comperisset, exclamauit hunc deorum temple reparaturum.
154
Ammianus Marcellinus, 21.1.2–4. item cum apud Viennam postea quiesceret sobrius, horrore medio noctis
imago quaedam uisa splendidior hos ei uersus heroos modo non uigilanti aperte edixit eadem saepius replicando,
quibus fretus nihil asperum sibi superesse existimabat:
150

39

narrative, and clearly demonstrates Julian navigating what could be called contemporary
realpolitik in order to further his own goals and advancement. This also throws a rather cynical
light over the incident where Julian was supposedly declared Augustus “against his will”. It also
alludes to the societal predominance of Christianity in the context of which the last pagan
emperor was trying to reach the throne. The predominant narrative leading up to Julian being
declared Augustus was essentially that Constantius was so incompetent and bad for the empire
that the rise of Julian was inevitable, whereas the narrative after his ascension highlight the
agency Julian had. It is both possible and plausible that Julian was actively jockeying for
advancement and power. This dual perception of Julian could be a further example of what John
Weisweiler labeled an attempt at forcing the reader to engage in an interpretative process,
playing one version of the events against the other. In short it presents slightly competing
versions of what might have happened and lets the reader decide how to interpret it. 155 Whilst
Weisweiler was not discussing Julian or this narrative in particular, he points out the
deceptiveness of finished historical narratives that mask the processes which lie behind their
composition.156 In the case of Julian this seems to be deliberately vague and hinting in different
directions, so people can engage with it and conclude what is most fitting for them. Considering
the context of writing this could also be a way of eulogizing Julian whilst conceivably letting
his detractors interpret the narrative differently, or giving Ammianus a plausible defense against
accusations.
The open ambition of Julian becomes far more noticeable in the narrative following
his ascent to the rank of Augustus, despite the fact that the narrative of him as Caesar
significantly de-emphasized this. It essentially made Julian seem like someone who was
unwilling to grab power for himself but rose to the occasion because fate ordained it so. There
is a clear narrative shift after he reaches the pinnacle of power and becomes Augustus.
Ammianus makes numerous comments throughout Res gestae about how Julian after his
numerous and repeated successes began entertaining ambitions going beyond what is possible

Ζευς όταν εις παρθενικής 0έ πλατύ τέρμα μόλγ) κλντοϋ Κρόνος μοίρ·η βαίνγ) έπι νδροχόοιο, εικοστή, τέρμα
βασιλεύς φίλου βιοτοϋ Κωστάντιος στνγερόν Άσίδος και αϊης έπώδννον εξει.
agebat itaque nihil interim de statu rerum praesentium mutans, sed animo tranquillo et quieto incidentia cuncta
disponens paulatimque sese corroborans, ut dignitatis augmento uirium quoque congruerent incrementa. utque
omnes nullo impediente ad sui fauorem illiceret, adhaerere cultui Christiano fingebat, a quo iam pridie occulte
desciuerat arcanorum participibus paucis haruspicinae auguriisque intentus et ceteris, quae deorum semper
fecere cultores. et ut haec interim ceίο larentur, feriarum die, quem celebrantes mense Ianuario Christiani
Epiphania dictitant, progressus in eorum ecclesiam sollemniter numine orato discessit.
155
Weisweiler, ”Unreliable Witness”, 115, 129.
156
Weisweiler, ”Unreliable Witness”, 130.

40

for a mere mortal, that he wanted to add to the record of his glorious exploits, sought out more
glory and was never satisfied. 157 These comments about the pride and ambition of Julian are
interspersed throughout the narrative of Julian as sole Augustus, meaning it is not an isolated
incident or offhand comment.
The situation between Julian and Constantius kept simmering, and Julian apparently
concluded that there would be no way to reach an accord with Constantine. Accordingly, Julian
sent a bitter letter to the senate where he berated Constantius. The senate apparently responded
by demonstrating what Ammianus seemingly sarcastically calls their independence and
affection, saying they expect Julian to show due reverence to his creator.158 As shown earlier in
the analysis, disparaging the nobility and senate, as well as establishing that they repeatedly
disparaged and never supported Julian, has been a recurring theme throughout Res gestae.
Ammianus has already disparaged them on multiple occasions, effectively setting them up as
worthless puppets and pre-emptively rejecting their opinions and input. It is thus made to appear
that this is simply more of the same, anticipated and not worth the time of day.
The criticism leveraged towards Julian continues when Ammianus claims Julian
took certain actions Ammianus thought were only done in order to increase his popularity.159 A
notable aspect of that example is that Ammianus follows it with a comparison to Gallus.
Ammianus states that Julian in his refusal to be swayed from his plan despite opposition and
the senate at Antioch stating that his plan could not be done at the time showed that he
resembled his brother, albeit without the cruelty.160 These occasional hints at Julian being rather
excitable, headstrong, or indulging in excess do not quite fit into the description Ammianus
Ammianus Marcellinus, 22.9.1: At prosperis Iulianus elatior ultra homines iam spirabat periclis expertus
assiduis, quod ei orbem Romanum placide iam regenti uelut mundanam cornucopiam Fortuna gestans propitia
cuncta gloriosa deferebat et prospera antegressis uictoriarum titulis haec quoque adiciens, quod, dum teneret
imperium solus, nec motibus internis est concitus nec barbarorum quisquam ultra suos esxiluit fines; populi omnes
auiditate semper insectari praeterita ut damnosa et noxia in laudes eius studiis miris ascendebantur.
22.12.2: Urebatur autem bellandi gemino desiderio, primo, quod impatiens otii lituos somniabat et proelia, dein,
quod in aetatis flore primaeuo obiectus efferatarum genium armis recalentibus etiamtum regum precibus et
regalium, qui uinci magis posse quam supplices manus tendere credebantur, ornamentis illustrium glorarium
inserere Parthici cognomentum ardebat.
24.7.3: sed ille auidae semper ad ulteriora cupiditatis parui habitis uetantium dictis et increpitis optimabatus quod
ob inertiam otiique desiderum amitti suaderent prope iam parta regna Persidis, flumine laeua relicto infaustis
ductoribus praeuiis mediterraneas uias arripere citato proposuit gradu.
158
Ammianus Marcellinus, 21.10.9: quae cum Tertullo administrante adhuc praefecturam recitarentur in cura
eminuit nobilitatis cum speciosa fiducia benignitas grata. Exclamatum est enim in unum cunctorum sentential
congruente ,,auctori tuo reuerentiam rogamus”.
159
Ammianus Marcellinus, 20.14.1: Inter praecipua tamen er seria illud agere superfluum uidebatur, quod nulla
probabili ratione suscepta popularitatis amore uilitati studebat uenalium rerum, quae nonnumquam secus, quam
conuenit, ordinata inopiam gignere solet et famem.
160
Ammianus Marcellinus, 22.14.2: et Antiochensi ordine id tunc fieri, cum ille iuberet, non posse aperte
monstrante nusquam a proposito declinabat, Galli similis fratris licet incruentus.
157

41

gave of Julian in the sixteenth extant book. Arguably, the narrative of Julian as some kind of
wunderkind who through his sheer talent and fortitude continuously rose in ranks fractured
when he reached the peak of power, laying bare the politicking, ideology, and occasional naked
ambition fueling him. It is possible Julian changed after accumulating and growing accustomed
to wielding so much power, especially after the death of Constantius, which freed Julian from
having to deal with another Augustus. Another possibility is that it was boiling beneath the
surface all along, and Julian now had more agency and freedom to express it. It arguably serves
as a minor breaking point in the narrative, as Ammianus at this point starts criticizing Julian for
his excess, although he usually tempers it and provides explanations for him. Considering that
Julian seems to have kept a lower profile and better control of his impulses as Caesar, it is
possible that his behavior as Augustus was less constrained and presumably well known. This
could mean Ammianus did not have the same cover to explain away or diminish these less
appealing characteristics of Julian, although this is pure speculation.
The previously mentioned Persian campaign, which ended in disaster and the
death of Julian, 161 takes up a significant portion of the narrative of his time as sole Augustus.
Despite significant setbacks and portents of disaster,162 Julian would not be swayed from his
path. When he rashly ran into battle without his armor, he was mortally wounded.163 Julian died
on the 26th of June 363 CE, at the age of (circa) 31–32. Ammianus subsequently dedicates a
chapter to the illustrious character of Julian, describing his many virtues at length. Julian was
truly to be numbered with the heroic spirits, a narrative Ammianus has been actively furthering
since Julian appeared in the extant books, as well as being conspicuous for his glorious deeds
and innate majesty. Ammianus emphasizes the four cardinal virtues extolled by philosophers;
self-control, wisdom, justice, and courage, as well as some practical gifts, such as military skill.
Julian excelled at all of these, e.g. by being conspicuously and incorruptibly chaste following
the death of his wife, and his leadership in sieges and campaigns. He ate and slept sparingly,
partook in the less than stellar fare offered to soldiers during campaigns, personally oversaw
and participated in their duties, and labored long into the night.164

See page 32, footnote 119.
Ammianus Marcellinus, 25.2: Inopia frumenti et pabuli premitur exercitus. Iulianus terretur ostentis.
163
Ammianus Marcellinus, 25.3: Imperator, dum ad repellendos Persas, qui undique instabant, omissa lorica,
temere se proeliis inserit, hasta uelneratur, ac in tabernaculum refertur, ubi circumstantes alloquitur, ac post
epotam frigidam moritur.
164
Ammianus Marcellinus, 25.4.1–2: Vir profecto heroicis connumerandus ingeniis, claritudine rerum et coalita
maiestate conspicuus. Cum enim sint, ut sapientes definiunt, uirtutes quattuor praeciupae, temperantia,
prudentia, iustitia, fortitudo eisque accedentes extrinsecus aliae, scientia rei militaris, auctoritas, felicitas atque
161
162

42

The wisdom of Julian was so abundant that Ammianus provides merely a few
examples; Julian was skilled in the arts of both war and peace, courteous, and claiming for
himself only enough deference that he was preserving himself from insolence and disrespect.
He showed interest in legal inquiries and excellence in the administration of justice,
occasionally being a strict judge himself, and occasionally showed leniency. He showed a calm
contempt for riches and worldly possessions. Julian maintained that it was shameful for a man
who possessed a soul to seek to be honored for physical gifts. However, his physical prowess
and courage was showcased on numerous occasions when he participated in the fray, fighting
on the front-lines, and rallying his troops. The authority of Julian was well established, and the
fear he inspired in his men was tempered by the affection garnered from sharing in their
hardships and by his overall exemplary leadership. This is also exemplified by Julian placating
and holding on to his troops in Gaul through his words and deeds. He was not greedy and he
showed a generous spirit, for example by imposing only a light tribute, remitting the accession
money, canceling long-standing debts, impartial and fair settlement of disputes between
treasury and private individuals, as well by restoring revenues by taxation to various cities.
Ammianus rounds out this list of virtues by linking to Alexander the Great again, claiming that
Julian was often heard claiming that Alexander, when asked where he keeps his treasure, kindly
answered “in the hands of my friends”.165

liberalitas, intent studio coluit omnes ut singulas. Et primumum ita inuiolata castitate enituit, ut post amissam
coniugem nihil umquam uenerium augis larens illud auertens [...]
25.4.4–6: Hoc autem temperantiae genus crescebat in maius iuuante parsimonia ciborum et somni, quibus domi
forisque tenacius utebatur. Namnque in pace uictur eius mensarumque tenuitas erat recte noscentibus
admiranda uelut ad pallium mox reuersuri, per uarios autem procinctus stans interdum more militiae cibum
breuem uilemque sumere uisebatur. Ubi uero exigua dormiendi quiete recreasset corpus laboribus indurarum,
expergefactus explorabat per semet ipsum uigiliarum uices et stationum post haec serie ad artes confugiens
doctrinarum. Et si nocturna lumina, inter quae lucubrabat, potuissent uoce ulla testari, profecto ostenderant
inter hunc et quosdam principes multum interesse, quem norant uoluptatibus ne ad necessitate quidem indulsisse
naturae.
165
Ammianus Marcellinus, 25.4.7–9: Dein prudentiae eius inidicia fuere uel plurima, e quibus explicari sufficiet
pauca. Armatae rei scientissimus et togatae, ciuilitati admodum studens, tatum sibi arrogans, quantum e
contemptu et insolentia distare existimabat. Uirtute senior quam aetate; studiosus cognitionum omnium et
indeclinabilis aliquotiens iudex; censor in moribus regendis acerrimus, placibus opum contemptor, mortalia
cuncta despiciens, postremo id praedicabat turpe esse sapienti, cum habeat animum, captare laudes ex corpore.
Quibus autem iustitiae inclaruit bonis, multa significant, - primo quod erat pro rerum hominum distinction sine
crudelitate terribilis, deinde quod paucorum discrimine uitia cohibebat, tum autem quod minabatur ferro
potiusquam utebatur. Postremo et multa praeteream, constat eum in apertos aliquos inimicos insidiatores suoas
ita consurrexisse mitissime, ut poenarum asperitatem genuine lenitudine castigaret.
25.4.10-12: Fortitudinem certaminum crebritas ususque bellorum ostendit et patientia frigorum immanium et
feruoris. Cumque corporis munus a milite, ab imperatore uero animi poscitur, ipse trucem hostem ictu confecit
audacter congressus ac nostros cedentes obiecto pectore suo aliquotiens cohibuit solus regnaque furentium
Germanorum excindens et in puluere uaporato Persidis augebat fiduciam militis dimicans inter primos.
Castrensium negotiorum scientiam plura declarant et nota, ciuitatum oppugnationes et castellorum inter ipsos
discriminum uertices, acies figura multiformi compositae, salubriter et caute castra metata, praetenturae

43

Following the list of virtues of Julian, Ammianus turns to his faults. Julian was
impulsive, but compensated for this fault by allowing himself to be corrected when in the
wrong. He was talkative and seldom silent. He put too much stock in divination and omens, and
was superstitious rather than genuinely religious; this led to him sacrificing excessively. He
desired popularity and displayed an over-eagerness for praise and applause; this resulted in him
occasionally conversing with unworthy individuals. Furthermore, Julian claimed that during his
reign, the ancient goddess of Justice, who had fled to heaven in disgust at the sin of men, had
returned to earth. Ammianus claims this would be a sound argument, had Julian not
occasionally acted arbitrarily and uncharacteristically. His laws were precise and not
oppressive, but there were a few exceptions that tarnished his record, including his harsh ban
on Christians teaching rhetoric or grammar unless they worshipped pagan gods. Equally unjust
and unbearable was Julian allowing people who should be exempt (such as foreigners or those
exempt by privilege or birth) to be conscripted into town councils.166 It is notable that
Ammianus caps some parts of this list of faults with a “but” or “however”. He rationalizes and
excuses many of Julian’s faults, or downplays them. Attempting to force Christians to turn to
pagan worship in order to teach obviously did not please Ammianus, nor forcing people of a
certain status to work on the town councils. The religious aspect is the most heavily criticized
one, and one which Ammianus does not make excuses for. Considering the context of writing,
it is arguably a concession to the detractors of Julian, and a warning example. Calling Julian
stationesque agrariae totis rationibus ordinatae. Auctoritas adeo ualuit, ut dilectus artissime, dum timetur, ac si
periculorum socius et laborum et inter concentrationes acertimas animaduerti iubeter in desides et Caesar adhuc
sine stipendio regeret militem feris oppositum gentibus, ut dudum est dictum, allocutusque tumentes armatos
discessurum ad uitam minaretur priuatam, ni tumultuare desistent. Denique id pro multis nosse sufficiet:
exhortatum eum supplici contione militem Galliacanum pruinis assuetum et Rheno peragratis spatiis regionum
extentis per tepentem Assyriam ad usque confinia traxisse Medorum.
25.4.15: Liberalitatis eius testimonia plurima sunt et uerissima, inter quae indicta sunt tributorum admodum leuia,
coronarium indultum, remissa debita multa diuturnitate congesta, aequata fisci iurgia cum priuatis, uectigalia
ciuitatibus restitute cum fundis, absque his, quos uelut iure uendidere praeteritae potestates, quodque numquam
augendae pecunia cupidus fuit, quam cautious apud dominos seruari existimabat, id aliquotiens praedicans
Alexandrum Magnum, ubi haberet thesaurus, interrogratum ,,apud amicos” beniuole respondisse.
166
Ammianus Marcellinus, 25.4.16–17: Digestis bonis, quae scire potuimus, nunc ad explicanda eius uitia
ueniamus, licet dicta sint carptim. Leuioris ingenii, uerum hoc instituto rectissimo temperabat emendari se, cum
deuiaret a fruge bona, permittens. Linguae fuosioris et admodum raro silentis, praesagiorum scriscitationi nimiae
deditus, ut aequiperare uidetur in hac parte principem Hadrianum, superstitiosus magis quam sacrorum legitimus
obseruator, innumeras sine parsimonia pecudes mactans [...]
25.4.18–21: Volgi plausibus laetus, laudum etiam ex minimis rebus intemperans appetitor, popularitatis cupiditate
cum indignis loqui saepe affectans. Verum tamen cum haec essent, aestimari poterat, ut ipse aiebat, uetus illa
Iustitia, quam offensam uitiis hominum Aratus extollit in caelum, eo imperante redisse rursus ad terras, ni
quaedam ad arbitrium agens interdum ostenderet se dissimilem sui. Namque et iura condidit non molesta absolute
quadam iubentia fieri uel arcentia praeter pauca, inter quae erat illud inclemens, quod docere uetuit magistros
rhetoricos et grammaticos Christianos, ni tensissent ad numinum cultum. Illod quoque itidem parum ferendum,
quod munincipalium ordinum coetibus patiebatur iniuste quosdam annecti uel peregrinos uel ab his consortiis
priuilegiis aut origine longe discretos.

44

superstitious as opposed to truly religious underlines that Ammianus seemingly felt Julian went
too far in his devotions. Hugh Elton also underlines that some of Julian’s excitable actions left
Ammianus shaking his head but no more,167 something affirmed by mostly throwaway
comments in the narrative (such as his impulsiveness and talkativeness). However, Elton
contrasts this with comments by the Christian historian Socrates [Scholasticus, active during
the fifth century CE], who wrote that some few praised the actions of Julian, but the majority
blamed him for his tendency to bring the imperial dignity into contempt.168 As has been touched
upon, and will be discussed in more depth, Ammianus firmly and unquestionably accuses all
other emperors of behavior unworthy of their position, with Julian essentially the only exception
to this. The contrast between how Christian authors such as Socrates and Ammianus portrays
individuals like Julian is striking.
Furthermore, Ammianus attempts to directly rebut those criticizing Julian for the war
that eventually claimed Julian’s own life, claiming it was Constantine who had actually
rekindled the Parthian conflagration [although at this point they were already Sassanids, not
Parthians]. This ultimately led to significant military losses and captures, destruction of cities,
seizure or demolition of fortresses, and the Persians extending their borders. Ammianus then
pivots to Julian’s previous military successes; Julian managed to save the situation in Gaul,
where the barbarians were swarming Roman territories and about to force the Alps, enabling
them to ravage Italy as well. Ammianus paints a dire picture, claiming the inhabitants had
suffered immensely, and only had further suffering to look forward to. Julian, then Caesar in
name only, was sent to Gaul and managed to retrieve the situation with almost miraculous
speed. Following this success, he turned his sights to the East due to his passionate eagerness
to set things right. Had only Heaven favored his designs, Julian would have won great triumphs
and additional titles. Ammianus then claims some people are rash enough to defy experience,
i.e. renewing wars after defeat or going to sea after shipwreck. However, there are those that
dare blame an emperor who, after an unbroken line of successes and victories, attempted to
repeat his success.169 This narrative neatly excuses Julian of any and all military failures, laying
Hugh Elton, The Roman Empire in Late Antiquity, 79.
Hugh Elton, The Roman Empire in Late Antiquity, 79.
169
Ammianus Marcellinus, 25.4.23–27: Et quoniam eum obtrectatores nouos bellorum tumultus ad perniciem rei
communis insimulant concitasse, sciant docente ueritate perspicue non Iulianum, sed Constantinum ardores
Parthicos succendisse, cum Metrodori mendaciis auidius acquiescit, ut dudum rettulimus plene. Unde caesi ad
indignationem exercitus nostril, capti militares aliquotiens numeri, urbes excisae, rapta munimenta uel diruta,
prouinciae grauibus impensis exhastaue et ad affectum tendentibus minis cuncta petebantur a Persis ad usque
Bithynos et litora Propontidis. At in Galliis feruorum tenore gliscente diffuses per nostra Germanis iamque Alpibus
ad uastandam Italiam perrumpendis nihil multa et nefanda perpessis hominibus praeter lacrimas supererat et
167
168

45

the blame squarely on his predecessors (and, as will be shown, on his successors). Rowland
Smith also highlighted the narrative inconsistency at this junction, claiming that the praises in
the obituary sit oddly beside the preceding account of what befell the expedition devised to be
Julian’s crowning glory.170 Considering the importance of military success for Ammianus and
the empire, it is a convenient and contrived way to spin the narrative in favor of Julian, much
in line with the narrative of Julian as a whole.

3.1.2 The “non-Julians”:
The following section analyzes the narratives around other prominent figures in Res gestae,
most of whom are linked to Julian and/or serve as narrative foils to him. Some only appeared
in the narrative for a short time, but are included because of their narrative significance in Res
gestae.

Gallus (Caesar 351–354 CE)
Caesar Gallus is described by Ammianus Marcellinus as ruling for four years and dying at the
age of twenty-nine.171 He does not feature overmuch in Res gestae, as he meets his end in the
fourteenth book (the first of the extant books), but Ammianus manages to give an absolutely
scathing assessment of him, his actions, and his whole character in the relatively short time he
features in the narrative.
The extant books of Res gestae begin with a chapter conspicuously named after the
cruelty of Caesar Gallus172, which sets the theme right at the outset. Ammianus immediately
claims Gallus had unexpectedly been raised to Caesar from wretched depths, and immediately
proceeded to continuously overstep his authority and wreak havoc through harshness and
violence.173 Ammianus, who as previously showcased through Julian clearly put great stock in

terrors, ubi et praeteritorum recordation erat acerba et exspectatio tristior impendentium. Quae omnia iuuenis
iste ad occiduam plagam specie Caesaris missus regesquo pro mancipiis agitans ignobilibus cuncta paene mira
dictu celeritate correxit. Itaque ut orientem pari studio recrearet, adortus est Persas triumphum exinde relaturus
et cognomentum, si consiliis eius et factis illustribus decretal caelestia congruissent. Et cum sciamus adeo
experimenta quosdam ruere improuidos, ut bella interdum uicti et naufragi repentant maria et ad difficultates
redeant, quibus succubuere saepissime, sunt, qui reprehendant paria repetisse principem ubique uictorem.
170
Rowland Smith, ”Telling tales: Ammianus’ narrative of the Persian expedition of Julian”, in The Late Roman
World and Its Historian: interpreting Ammianus Marcellinus, 81.
171
Ammianus Marcellinus, 14.11.27: Hoc immaturo interitu, ipse quoque sui pertaesus, excessit e uita, aetatis
nono anno atque uicensimo, cum quadriennio imperasset.
172
Ammianus Marcellinus, 14.1: Galli Caesaris saeuitia.
173
Ammianus Marcellinus, 14.1.1: […] per multa illa et dira facinora Caesaris Galli, qui ex squalore imo
miseriarum in aetatis adultae primitiis ad principale culmen insperato cultu prouectus ultra terminos potestatis
delatae procurrens asperitate nimia cuncta foedabat. Propinquitate enim regiae stirpis gentilitateque etiamtum
Constantii nominis efferbatur in fastus, si plus ualuisset, ausurus hostilia in auctorem suae felicitatis ut uidebatur.

46

the character and exempla of the emperors, here paints Gallus as clearly lacking in character,
morals, and being prone to violence. Ammianus very clearly strings together a web of Gallus’
supposed deficits and cruel actions to create a narrative so scathing there are few to none
redeeming factors. Gallus is portrayed as man of savage nature who is supposedly an expert in
doing and causing harm, seeks out and listens attentively to unsubstantiated gossip and
whatever poison that people pour into his ears that affirms what he wanted to think,174 as well
as abusing his authority and putting innocents to death.175 This is in many ways a direct opposite
of how Ammianus portrays Julian in Res gestae.
Ammianus continuously singles out characters surrounding the emperors in the
narrative. In the case of Gallus he points to the praetorian prefect at court, Thalassius, a man of
dubious character apparently, who openly roused Gallus’ already savage temper as well sent
frequent and exaggerated reports to Constantius regarding Gallus’ conduct.176 Considering that
Ammianus as of yet does not appear himself in the first-person in the narrative, and does not
seem to be basing his text on autopsy, although still acting as an overt narrator,177 it is notable
that he chose to include this. As we are not privy to what sources exactly Ammianus bases his
narrative of Gallus on, it does raise some questions on the veracity of the narrative. However,
this critical assessment also adds some nuance to how Gallus was portrayed, which could also
serve to lend Ammianus credibility on the issue and reinforce his authority.
Considering how the narrative treats Gallus it is also a bridge to Constantius II, whom
Ammianus after a few digressions promptly accuses of similar behavior and weakness of
character as Gallus. Constantius too was apparently arrogant and willing to accept any and

Ammianus Marcellinus, 14.2.2–5: Qui paulatim eruditiores facti processu temporis ad nocendum per
clandestinos uersutosque rumigerulos compertis leuiter addere quaedam male suetos falsa et placentia sibi
discentes affectati regni uel artium nefarandum calumnias insontibus affigebant.
14.6.1: Excogitatum est super his, ut homines quidam ignoti utilitate ipsa parum cauendi ad colligendos rumores
per Antiochiae latera cuncta destinarentur relaturi quae audirent.
14.7.3: Erat autem diritatis eius hoc quoque indicium nec obscurum nec latens, quod ludicris cruentis delectabatur
et in circo sex uel septem aliquotiens deditus certaminibus pugilum uicissim se concidentium perfusorumque
sanguine specie ut lucratus ingentia laetabatur.
175
Ammianus Marcellinus, 14.3.7–10: […] formula missa letali homo sclere nullo contactus, idem Clematius, nec
hiscere nec loqui permissus occideretur.
176
Ammianus Marcellinus, 14.10.1: Thalassius uero ea tempestate praefectus praetorio praesens, ipse quoque
arrogantis ingenii, considerans incitationem eius ad multorum augeri discrimina non maturitate uel consiliis
mitigabat, ut aliquotiens celsae potestates iras principum molliuerunt, sed aduersando iurgandoque cum parum
congrueret eum ad rabiem potius euibrabat Augustum actus eius exaggerando creberrime docens, idque, incertum
qua mente, ne laterat, affectans.
177
De Jong, Narratology and Classics, 26-27.
174

47

every false rumor or charge as fact and acting on them.178 In this context it could be argued that
this is a narrative technique linking the two together and creating a foundation for the role
Constantius will come to serve in the narrative, which as mentioned in many ways is as a foil
to Julian and his virtus. Seeing as Gallus met his end so soon (in the extant books) it is a sound
narrative technique to establish him as a man with few to none redeeming factors, given license
to act on his impulses through his position as Caesar, and then not only string this to the
Augustus but establish that they also share in some of these traits. As Augustus Constantius was
also ultimately responsible for appointing Gallus to his position and enabling him act as he did
with the powers granted. Given that Res gestae was written with the benefit of hindsight it sets
the foundation for the dynamic between Constantius and Julian in the narrative.
The fact that the narrative around Gallus is consciously constructed is alluded to when
Ammianus writes about Gallus wantonly sentencing people to torture and death on mere
suspicions, after which Ammianus claims that Gallus’ bloodlust was raised and he kept trying
such cases. Ammianus, however, claims it is not worth recounting all of these due to fear of
exceeding the limits which he has set himself, something he feels he certainly must avoid.179
The narrative surrounding Gallus takes on an almost storytelling character following this, with
Gallus being summoned to meet Constantius, ostensibly looking for an excuse to rid the world
of his troublesome Caesar.180 Ammianus describes how Gallus, whenever he managed to sleep,
was hounded by spectres, ghosts of those whom he had sentenced to death, as well as generally
being plagued by nightmares.181 The plot to get rid of the Caesar is ultimately successful, and
Ammianus describes how Gallus is seized and when confronted about his crimes and misrule
pins a lot of it on his wife Constantina (sister of Constantius), who had died of sickness earlier,

Ammianus Marcellinus, 14.5.1: […] insolentiae pondera grauius Librans, si quid dubium deferabatur aut
falsum, pro liquido accipiens et comperto inter alia excarnificatum Gerontium, Magnentianae comitem partis,
exsulari maerore multauit.
179
Ammianus Marcellinus, 14.9.9: post quorum necem nihilo lenius ferociens Gallus ut leo cadaueribus pastus
multa huiusmodi scrutabatur. Quae singular narrare non refert, ne professionis modum, quod sane uitandum est,
excedamus.
180
Ammianus Marcellinus, 14.11.1: Vbi curarum abiectis ponderibus aliis tamquam nodum et odium difficillimum
Caesarem conuellere nisu ualido cogitabat; eique deliberanti cum proximis clandestinis colloquiis et nocturnis,
qua ui quibusue commentis id fieret, acciri mollioribus scriptis per simulationem tractatus publici nimis urgentis
eundem placuerat Gallum, ut axilio destitutus sine interiret obstaculo.
181
Ammianus Marcellinus, 14.11.17: Inter haec tamen per indutias naturae conquiescentis sauciabantur eius
sensus circumstridentium terrore laruarum interfectorumque cateruae Domitiano et Montis praeuiis correptum
eum, ut existimabat in somniis, uncis furialibus obiectabant.
178

48

who had allegedly incited it.182 This prompts Ammianus to make a reference to Alexander the
Great, claiming that Gallus was apparently unaware that:
[…] when the mother of Alexander the Great urged her son to put an innocent man to death
and said again and again, in the hope of later gaining what she desired, that she had carried
him for nine months in her womb, and the king made this wise answer: “Ask some other
reward, dear mother, a man’s life is not to be weighed against any favour”.183

This comparison to Alexander, chronologically the first in the extant books, is noteworthy not
only for the exempla Ammianus invokes, but also because he finds Gallus lacking in both
knowledge and action. Julian, as has been discussed, according to Ammianus not only displayed
proper knowledge of and followed the example of Alexander the Great, he even surpassed him
on some fronts. Gallus is subsequently beheaded and his body mutilated, although interestingly
Ammianus goes on to claim that even though Gallus’ cruel deeds led to his doom, fate ensured
that two people (Scudilo and Barbatio) who through lies and deceit led Gallus to destruction
also died painful deaths.184 Gallus is referenced later in the narrative as well, when Ammianus
remarks that Julian was troubled by his dynamic with Constantius. Ammianus again claims that
the negligence of Gallus as well as the perjury and deceit of certain men had led to his
downfall.185 These recurring plots Ammianus describe as surrounding Gallus and eventually
leading to what is arguably cast as his tragic downfall and death do not quite square with his
own narrative of Gallus. It also brings up the question of what the purpose of characterizing the
narrative in that way is. Of course, here too a comparison can be made to how Ammianus also
frequently described some plot or another aimed at Julian, who did not fall prey to these, but
was eventually undone by fate alone.

Ammianus Marcellinus, 14.11.6: Quae licet ambigeret metuens saepe cruentum, spe tamen, quod eum lenire
poterit ut germanum, profecta, cum Bithyniam introisset, in statione, quae Caenos Gallicanos appellatur,
absumpta est ui febrium repentina.
14.11.22: Ad quae Adrasteo pallore perfusus hactenus ualuit loqui, quod plerosque incitante coniuge iugulauerit
Constantina […]
183
J. C. Rolfe, Ammianus Marcellinus I, 14.11.22: […] igorans profecto Alexandrum Magnum urgenti matri, ut
occideret quendam insontem, et dictitanti spe impetrandi postea, quae uellet, eum se per nouem menses utero
portasse praegnantem ita respondisse prudenter: ‫﮼‬aliam, parens optima, posce mercedem; hominis enim salus
beneficio nullo pensatur.".
184
Ammianus Marcellinus, 14.11.24: Sed uigilauit utrubique superni numinis aequitas. Nam et Gallum actus
oppressere crudeles et non diu postea ambo criciabili morte absumpti sunt, qui eum licet nocentem blandius
palpantes periuriis ad usque plagas perduxere letales. Quorum Seudilo destillatione iecoris pulmones uomitans
interiit; Barbatio, qui in eum iam diu falsa composuerat criminal, cum ex magisterio peditum altius niti quorundam
susurris incusaretur, damnatus exstincti per fallascias Caesaris minibus anima illacrimoso obitu parentauit.
185
Ammianus Marcellinus, 21.1.2: Quae sollicite reputans utrumque formidabat et amicum cruentum et in
aerumnis ciuilibus saepe uictorem maximeque Galli fratris exemplum mentem eius anxiam suspendebat, quem
inertia mixtaeque periuriis fraudes prodidere quorundam.
182

49

The aforementioned discrepancies in the narrative surrounding Gallus has also been
scrutinized by John Weisweiler, who highlights that this admission of an active opposition
towards Gallus is an uncomfortable fit in the narrative.186 He further suggests that readers might
have been:
“[...] presented with competing versions of historical truth from which they have to construct
their own histories [---] [and] on this reading, the Res gestae was both a complex account of
the past and an unsettling exploration of the problems of representing that past”187

The context of writing is also highlighted by Weisweiler, who argued that the rather disjointed
and multi-perspectival narrative was an appropriate response to describe a social world where
images of past and present were constantly in flux, not to mention that the past is also constantly
re-created and re-used for the purposes of the present. 188 The complexity of the text as well as
the inherent purpose and subjectivity of it is thus also so tightly linked to the context of writing
that separating them is not fit for purpose. Considering the narrative threads Ammianus that
have already been discussed, the narrative of Gallus (interconnected with Constantius) fits into
the overarching themes of the text as have been presented in the thesis already. Given that this
is before the entry of Julian it also serves as a foundation or springboard for that particular
narrative, directing heavy criticism towards not only Gallus but also Constantius. The narrative
excoriates the general character and moral failings of the then Caesar and Augustus, not to
mention the ruling class in general. It establishes a vacancy of morality, a lack of proper rule
and use of power, contributing to a gradual decline of moral and military might of empire. This
is arguably enforced by a presumably satirical digression scorching the people and the senate
of Rome (the faults of the Roman Senate and People)189 right in the middle of Ammianus
recounting the tyrannical reign of Gallus. Julian, however, is primed to enter the narrative and
if not outright remedy the situation then at the very least walk in the right direction when it
comes to how Ammianus seems to feel an emperor should act and rule. In the main narrative
of Res gestae Gallus and Constantius arguably serve as a stepping stone or transitional event190
for introducing Julian, or at least Gallus does. Arguably the story of Gallus as a whole is cast
as something of a tragedy, especially since Ammianus to some degree felt he was also brought
down by factors outside of his control. The “meaning” of this story is thus identified through

Weisweiler, “Unreliable Witness”, 105.
Weisweiler, “Unreliable Witness”, 107.
188
Weisweiler, “Unrealiable Witness”, 133.
189
J. C. Rolfe, Ammianus Marcellinus I, 14.6: Senatus populique Romani uitia
190
White, Metahistory, 7-8.
186
187

50

the method of emplotment, which White categorizes as “the way by which a sequence of events
[is] fashioned into a story [which] is gradually revealed to be a story of a particular kind” 191.
Ammianus fashioning these events of the past into a particular story to further the larger
narrative can also help explain some of the aforementioned peculiarities of this narrative.
Considering that this is presumably not how things appeared or played out in real time the role
of the author is laid bare, especially one who here was writing with the benefit of hindsight.
Seeing as Constantius and Julian have significant overlap the characterization of Constantius
differs from Gallus in that he serves as a more active foil until he eventually meets his end as
well, but Constantius’ overlap and similarities with Gallus establish his character as well.

Constantius II (Augustus 337–361 CE)
Even before the death of Gallus, Constantius had been harshly disparaged by Ammianus outside
of (or in line with) the aforementioned narrative bridge-building between him and Gallus. On
top of being arrogant to a fault, and prone to believe any and every false rumor, Ammianus
further claims, in the context of Constantius ordering torture, and exile that:
[a]s an ailing body is apt to be affected even by slight annoyances, so his narrow and sensitive
mind, thinking that every sound indicated something done or planned at the expense of his
safety, made his victory [over Magnentius] lamentable through the murder of innocent men.
For if anyone of the military commanders or ex-officials, or one of high rank in his own
community, was accused even by rumour to have favoured the party of the emperor’s
opponent, he was loaded with chains and dragged about like a wild beast. And whether a
personal enemy pressed the charge or no one at all, as though it was enough that he had been
named, informed against, or accused, he was condemned to death, or his property confiscated,
or he was banished to some desert island.192

Whilst this is connected to the civil war against Magnentius it is not far off the tyranny
Ammianus ascribed to Gallus. The incessant paranoia and willingness to lash out at the slightest
perceived hint or whisper of disloyalty is not precisely a foundation for stability and order,
which Ammianus as a self-described soldier appears to have valued. Ammianus further
excoriates the courtiers surrounding Constantius, accusing them of exaggerating everything and
fanning Constantius’ paranoia, anger, and cruelty. Because of them these traits grew even more

White, Metahistory, 7.
J. C. Rolfe, Ammianus Marcellinus I, 14.5.2–3: Utque aegrum corpus quassari etiam leuibus solet offensis, ita
animus eius angustus et tener, quidquid increpuisset, ad salutis suae dispendium existimans factum aut cogitatum
insontium caedibus fecit uictoriam luctuosam. Si quis enim militarium uel honoratorum aut nobilis inter suos
rumore tenus esset insimulatus fouisse partes hostiles, iniecto onere catenarum in modum beluae trahebatur et
inimico urguente uel nullo quasi sufficiente hoc solo, quod nominatus esset aut delatus aut postulatus, capite uel
multatione bonorum aut insulari solitudine damnabatur.
191
192

51

pronounced with age rather than mellowing out as they sometimes do.193 This too can be
juxtaposed with Julian, who as evidenced earlier did not cave to the servile courtiers who
whispered in his ears and tried to turn him to luxury and pleasure.
Ammianus also takes the time to detail a supposed plot against Ursicinus, then a
Roman senior military officer to whose command Ammianus was attached, because Ursicinus
was allegedly growing too powerful and well liked. Am mianus names a man called Arbitio as
one of these plotters and also describes him as a serpent. Constantius, fickle and paranoid and
prone to believe what he wanted to believe, indulged in this and plotted to have Ursicinus
murdered without a trial. Ammianus compares this to something from the time of Nero, but
Constantius ultimately changed his mind and postponed the plot. Another man, who had been
both party to and the instigator wicked deeds was also brought to trial. However, due to the
intervention of eunuchs, who through their clever plotting and lying perverted the course of
justice, he walked free.194 It serves to highlight the dysfunction and paranoia of the court of
Constantius. Ammianus paints a pretty picture of an administration where justice is evaded or
corrupted, lying and plotting is common, self-interest rules the day and power and authority is
abused. By linking most, if not all, of these traits to Constantius, he functions as the narrative
center who exemplifies the many wrongs of the administration, again underlining the absence
of proper rule and authority.

Ammianus Marcellinus, 14.5.4–5: Accedebant enim eius asperitati, ubi imminuta esse amplitude imperii
dicebatur, et iracundiae suspicionumque uanitati proximorum cruentae blanditiae exaggerantium incidentia et
dolere impendio simulantium, si principis periclitetur uita, a cuius salute uelut filo pendere statum orbis terrarium
fictis uocibus exclamabant. […] Et exitiale hoc uitium, quod in aliis nonnumquam intepescit, in illo aetatis
progressu efferuescebat obstinatum eius propositum accendente adulatorum cohorte.
194
Ammianus Marcellinus, 15.2.1–2: Iamque post miserandam deleti Caesaris cladem sonante periculorum
iudicalium tuba in crimen laesae maiestatis arcessebatur Vrsicinus adolescente magis magisque contra eius salute
liuore omnibus bonis infesto. Hac enim superabatur difficultate, quod as suscipiendas defensiones aequas et
probabiles imperatoris aures occlusae patebant susurris insidiantium clandestinis, qui Constantii nomine per
orientis tractus omnes abolito ante dictum ducem domi forisque desiderari ut formidolosum Persicae genti
fingebant.
15.2.4: Impugnabat autem eum per fictae benignitatis illecebras colegam et uirum fortem propalam saepe
appellans Arbitio ad innectendas letales insidias uitae simplici perquam callens et ea tempestate nimium potens.
Ut enim subterraneus serpens foramen subsidens occultam assulto subito singulos transitores obseruans incessit
[…]
15.2.5-6: igitus paucis arcanorum praesentibus consciis latenter cum imperatore sentential … id sederat, ut nocte
uentura procul a conspectus militarium raptus Vrsicinus indemnatus occidetretur, ut quondam Domitius Corbulo
dicitur caesus in colluuione illa Neroniani saeculi prouinciarum fidus defensor et cautus. Quibus ita compositis
cum ad hoc destinati praedictum tempus opperirentur, consilio in lenitudinem flexo facinus impium ad
deliberationem secundam differri praeceptum est.
15.2.10: Perductus est isdem diebus et Gorgonius, cui erat thalami Caesariani cura comissa, cumque eum
ausorum fuisse participem concitoremque interdum ex confesso pateret, conspiratione spadonum iustitia
concinnatis mendaciis obumbrata periculo euolutus abscessit.
193

52

Ammianus goes into great detail regarding the people around Constantius and the
resemblance to how Ammianus portrayed Gallus and his court is clear, with a parade of
examples of serpents and worms and generally unsavory figures who lie and cheat and spread
unfounded rumors that Constantius eagerly devours. This leads to a multitude of (mostly
unnamed) individuals being subjected to intense cruelty, torture, exile, death or any number of
these based on nothing but arbitrary accusations and no possibility to mount a proper defense.
Both rich and poor and weak and powerful alike could be affected depending on the whims of
those who held more power.195 In other words, because Constantius held the most power, he
empowered these actors by opening his ears and heart to them and indulging in their plotting.
It was the ordinary citizens as well as members of court who reaped the consequences, the rot
spreading all across. Ammianus claims it even went so far as people in court not even daring to
mention things that had occurred in their dreams or even admit they even slept at all lest some
bad actors would find out, twist it and pour it into the receptive ears of the emperor. 196 There
are plenty of further examples in Res gestae, most continuing in the same vein. An overarching
theme through not only this particular narrative but the Res gestae as a whole appears to be that
corruption and weakness at the top will slowly rot the whole body of the empire.
The veracity of the information Ammianus has used to create this narrative around
Constantius, a narrative that is almost exclusively negative, is not entirely clear. To put it in line
with the framework of Hayden White; Ammianus clearly plucked an assortment of alleged
actions and characteristics and assigned them particular motific characterization, giving them a
specific function as story elements.197 The actions of Constantius and his court not only affected
the higher echelons of society but also empowered other rotten characters to act, affecting the

Ammianus Marcellinus, 15.3.1–3: [...] Haec dum Mediolani aguntur, militarium cateruae ab oriente perductae
sunt Aquileiam cum aulicis pluribus membris inter catenas fluentibus spiritum trahentes exiguum uiuendique
moras per aerumnas detestati multiplices, […] Ad quos audiendos Arbitio missus est et Eusebius cubiculi tunc
praepositus, ambo inconsideratae iactantiae, iniusti pariter et cruenti. Qui nullo perspicaciter inquisitor sine
innocentium sontiumque differentia alios uerberibus uel tormentis afflictos exsulari poena damnarunt, quosdam
ad infirmam trusere mlitam, residuos capitalibus addixere suppliciis. Impletisque funerum bustis reuersi uelut
ouantes gesta rettulerunt ad principem erga haec et simila palam obstinatum et grauem. Uehementius hinc et
deinde Constantius quasi praescriptum fatorum ordinem consuulurus recluso pectore patebat insidiantibus multis.
Unde rumorum aucupes subito existrere complures honorum uertices ipsos ferinis morsibus appententes
posteaque pauperes et diuites indiscrete, non ut Cibyratae illi Verrini tribunal unius legati lambentes, sed rei
publicae membra totius per incidentia mala uexantes.
196
Ammianus Marcellinus, 15.3.5: Mercurius uero somniorum appellatus est comes, quod ut clam mordax canis
interna saeuitia summissius agitans caudam epulis coetibusque se crebrius inserens, si per quietem quisquam, ubi
fusius natura uagatur, uidisse aliquid amico narrasset, id uenenatis artibus coloratum in peius patulis impleratoris
auribus infundebat et ob hoc homo tamquam inexplicabili obnoxious culpae graui mole criminis pulsabatur. Haec
augente uulgatius fama tantum aberat, ut proderet quisquam uisa nocturna, cum aegre homines dormisse sese
praesentibus faterentur externis, […]
197
Hayden White, Metahistory, 7.
195

53

empire as a whole. As such the faulty character of the ruler creates a ripple effect, and
Ammianus took pains to include specific examples of how this affects the ordinary citizens of
the Empire.
A prominent example of how the rule of Constantius fostered insecurity and unrest is
what happened to Silvanus, the master of infantry who was sent to deal with “barbarian”
incursions in Gaul. A man called Dynamius, the superintendent of the imperial baggage train,
under false pretenses asked for a letter of recommendation from Silvanus, who according to
Ammianus naively granted this. Dynamius then proceeded to blot out the words written by
Silvanus (minus the signature) with a sponge and write a letter of his own on it. Without going
into every detail of this plot to discredit Silvanus, which included multiple actors, it was made
to seem like Silvanus was plotting to advance himself and eventually seize the throne, and in
the paranoid and cruel court of Constantius this supposed plot found plenty of people willing
to believe and spread word of it. Word of this got back to Silvanus, who was supposedly fearful
of the fickle and unstable nature of the emperor. Perceiving himself backed into a corner, he
actually did proclaim himself Augustus. Ursicinus, and Ammianus along with him, were sent
to deal with the situation, and after being received by Silvanus under false pretenses plotted to
and succeeded in having Silvanus murdered. According to Ammianus, Silvanus was a man and
commander of no small merit who was driven to extreme actions due to the plotting of a hostile
clique, and so met his end on the twenty-eight day of his rule.198 Ammianus in his narrative
Ammianus Marcellinus, 15.5.2: Cum diuturna incuria Galliae caedes acerbas rapinasque et incendia barbaris
licenter grassantibus nullo iuuante perferrent, Siluanus pedestris militae rector ut efficax ad haeo corrigenda
principis iussu perrexit Arbitione id maturari modis, quibus poterat, adigente, ut absenti aemulo [...]
15.5.3: ... Dynamius quidam actuarius sarcinalium principis iumentorum commendaticias ab eo petierat litteras
ad amicos, ut quasi familiaris eiusdem esset notissimus. Hoc impertrato, cum ille nihil suspicians simpliciter
praestitisset, seruabat epistulas, ut perniciosum aliquid in tempore moliretur.
15.5.4: […] et peniculo serie litterarum abstersa, solaque incolumi relicta subscriptione alter multum a uero illo
dissonans superscribitur textus: uelut Siluano rogante uerbis obliquis hortanteque amicos agentes intra palatium
uel priuatos […] ut se altiora coeptantem et propediem loci principalis aditurum … hunc fascem ad arbitrium
figment compositum uitam pulsaturum insontis […]
15.5.15–16: Agens inter haec apud Agrippinam Siluanus assiduisque suorum comperiens nuntiis, quac Apodemius
in labem suarum ageret fortunarum, et sciens animum tenerum uersabilis principis timensque, ne trucidaretur
absens et indemnatus, in difficultate positus maxima barbaricae se fidei committere cogitabat. Sed Laniogaiso
uetante tunc tribuno, quem, dum militaret candidatus, solum affuisse morituro Constanti supra rettulimus,
docenteque Francos, unde oriebatur, interfecturos eum aut accepto praemio prodituros nihil tutum ex
praesentibus ratus in consilia cogitabatur extrema et sensim cum principiorum uerticibus erectibus collocutus
isdemque magnitudine promissae mercedis accensis cultu purpureo a draconum et uexillorum insignibus ad
tmepus abstracto ad culmen imperiale surrexit.
15.5.30–32: In hoc aestu mentis ancipiti ad effectum tendens consilium occulta scrutabamus indagine sederatque
tandem mutatis prae timore saepe sententiis, ut quaesitis magna industria cautis rei ministris obstricto religionum
consecratione colloquio Bracchiati sollicitarentur atqueCornuti fluxioris ... ubertate mercedis ad momentum omne
urseabiles. [31] Firmato itaque negotio per sequestres quosdam gregarios obscuritate ipsa ad id patrandum
idoneos praemiorum exspectatione accensos solis ortu iam rutilo subitus armatorum globus erupit atque, ut solet
198

54

clearly associates the rise and fall of Silvanus to the dysfunction of the court of Constantius and
the fickleness and paranoia of the emperor, given that none of this would have happened if
Constantius was not known for his erratic behavior and willingness to believe any whisper of a
plot against him. Silvanus had evidently also plenty of military successes, and Ammianus more
or less frames him as an upstanding general who perished needlessly due to politicking and
plotting from lesser individuals, meaning the Roman Empire also suffered loss and was
weakened on the military level. This must surely have been a personal worry for Ammianus,
considering his military background and demonstrated concern for the empire.
The way the episode with Silvanus is portrayed in Res gestae has been an object of
much debate. John Weisweiler has pointed out numerous discrepancies in the narrative, singling
out how inconsistent it is to cast for example Silvanus as merely a passive victim in all of this199.
The aforementioned Dynamius, whom Ammianus casts as the root of this conspiracy and as
such brought the empire to the brink of civil war, was later appointed to the governorship of
Etruria.200 Furthermore, Ammianus makes clear that the conspiracy against Silvanus was
unearthed and Constantius made aware of it,201 which brings up some questions about the
veracity of the narrative. One option is of course that it is Ammianus who is trying to implicate
Constantius and again damn him and his court. Weisweiler points out that parallel accounts of
the insurrection of Silvanus broadly conform to how Ammianus presents it and that it was
rooted in false accusations by courtiers, but none of the other ones mention any forged letters.
Weisweiler claims many incongruities in Ammianus’ account would be solved if Dynamius
actually did not forge any letters, and if he had merely reported on possible treasonable activities
beforehand but not fabricated evidence it would make more sense that he was rewarded with
the governorship. Re-evaluating the role of Silvanus, who presumably was also well-versed in
the power politics of the day, and viewing him as a cunning conspirator would cast a new light
on the advancement of Dynamius. Weisweiler concludes that the text can be read in both
directions, with Silvanus either the innocent soldier forced into rebellion or an active
conspirator, with Ammianus essentially sprinkling in some comments from his first-hand view
in dubiis rebus, audentior caesis custodibus regia pentrata Siluanum extractum aedicula, quo exanimatus
confugerat, ad conuenticulum ritus Christiani tendentem densis gladiorum ictibus trucidarant. [32] Ita dux haud
exsilium meritorum hoc genere oppetit mortis metu calumnarium, quibus factione iniquorum irretitus est absens,
ut tueri possit salutem ad praesidia progressus extrema.
199
Weisweiler, “Unreliable Witness”, 114.
200
Ammianus Marcellinus, 15.5.14: Dynamius uero ut praeclaris artibus illustrates cum correctoris dignitate
regere iussus est Tuscos […]
201
Ammianus Marcellinus, 15.5.13: Proinde fallaciarum nube discussa imperator doctus gesta relatione fideli
abrogate potestate praefectum statui sub questione praecepit, sed absolutus est enixa conspiratione multorum.

55

and experience of the episode that support Silvanus actively working towards advancement.202
This stands in contrast to Julian, whom Ammianus actively (and arguably deceptively) portrays
as anything but aspiring to power.
No matter how one chooses to interpret the narrative about Silvanus, Ammianus, as
already shown, unquestionably implicates and damns Constantius in the outcome. Considering
the aforementioned point that Ammianus had an unparalleled first-hand view of what happened
it would be assumed that his description is based on autopsy and should thus be more credible,
but the incongruities of the narrative again merits a discussion of how Ammianus incorporates
visa, lecta, or even ficta. As Ammianus seems to take some liberties with all of these and mix
them quite freely, and although the implication here is that he is basing this part on the text on
autopsy, there is, as shown, a case to be made for him potentially inventing some parts of it,
ficta. By including some parts which may or may not be true, he is also ascribing it meaning,
or motific characterization203, here changing the narrative into one essentially damning of
Constantius. In a manner of speaking, Ammianus in the fifteenth book of Res gestae casts
Constantius as an overarching theme or center, or a kind of macro-narrative, and then through
smaller-scale vignettes exemplify how this affects different parts of society and how people
suffer for it. Proper leadership and rule is still lacking, to the detriment of the empire.
Another notable event is Ammianus detailing Constantius’ state visit to the city of
Rome in the sixteenth extant book. Ammianus immediately derides this decision, claiming that
Constantius is behaving as if the temple of Janus were shut (which signifies times of peace) and
his enemies vanquished. Ammianus also decries Constantius celebrating the fall of Magnentius
by a triumph to which he had no title, as it was won by spilling Roman blood. Ammianus claims
Constantius had not in person vanquished any enemies, had added nothing to the empire, and
had never been seen fighting with his men or at the front rank even during times of crisis.
Constantius apparently merely wished to display his ostentatious standards and retinue in an
unduly long procession in front of a populace living in peace who had no interest in such a
show. Ammianus further ventures that Constantius was perhaps unaware that “earlier
emperors” in time of peace had been content with merely the attendance of lictors (a civil
servant) and in times of war, which forbids inaction, had committed various heroics.204 This

Weisweiler, “Unrealiable witness”, 111–115.
Hayden White, Metahistory, 6–7.
204
Ammianus Marcellinus, 16.10.1–3: Haec dum per eoas partes et Gallias pro captu temporum disponuntur,
Constantius quasi cluso Iani templo stratisque hostibus cunctis Romam uisere gestiebar post Magnenti exitium
202
203

56

section in many ways exemplify the narrative that Ammianus has created as it concerns
Constantius. Constantius is unworthy and his only successes are related to strife within the
empire, meaning he is weakening it, and he is claiming honors which he was utterly undeserving
of. He had not led or fought with his troops, with Ammianus even throwing in some vague
historical exempla to highlight the immobility and unworthiness of Constantius. Military
participation and success, or the lack of, are recurring narrative themes in Res gestae,
underscoring Ammianus’ concern for the direction and power of the empire under Constantius.
Constantius is portrayed as being quite awestruck by the splendor of the city of Rome,
being continuously dazzled by the many sights and monuments of power in this home of all
perfection.205 Ammianus, as shown earlier, clearly portrays Constantius as being unworthy of
this triumphal entry into the Eternal City. Interestingly, Julian was never provided an
opportunity for a comparative set-piece, which could be connected to why Ammianus portrays
this so negatively.
Ammianus maintains that Constantius kept himself impassive and rigid in public,
staring straight ahead and never turning his head. He was never caught spitting, wiping his face,
or moving his hand, which Ammianus claims was an affectation to signal that he possessed an
unusual self-control.206 Constantius is portrayed as an immobile figure, and Ammianus
undermines this alleged attempt at projecting self-control immediately, calling it an affectation.

absque nomine ex sanguine Romano triumphaturus. Nec enim gentem ullam bella cientem per se superauit aut
uictam fortitudine suorum comperit ducum uel addidit quadam imperio aut usquam in necessitatibus summis
primus uel inter primos est uisus, sed ut pompam nimis extentam rigentiaque auro uexille et pulchritudinem
stipatorum ostenderet agenti tranquillius populo haec uel simile quidquam uidere nec speranti umquam nec
optanti; ignorans fortasse quosdam ueterum principum in pace quidem lictoribus fuisse contentos, ubi uero
proeliorum ardor nihil perpeti poterat segne, alium anhelante rabido flatu uentorum lenunculo se commisisse
piscantis, alium ad Deciorum exempla uouisse pro re publica spiritum, alium hostilia castra per semet ipsum cum
militibus infirmis explorasse, diuersos denique actibus inclaruisse magnificis, ut glorias suas posteritatis celebri
memoriae commendarent.
205
Ammianus Marcellinus, 16.10.13: Proinde Romam ingressus, imperii uirtutumque omnium larem, cum uenisset
ad rostra, perspectissimum priscae potentiae forum, obstipuit perque omne latus, quo se oculi contulissent,
miraculorum densitate praestrictus allocutus nobilitatem in curia populumque e tribunal in palatium receptus
fauore multiplici Laetitia fruebatur optata et saepe, cum equstres ederet ludos, dicacitate plebis oblectabatur nec
superbae nec a libertate coalita desciscentis reuerenter modum ipse quoque debitum seruans.
16.10.15: Verum cum ad Traiani forum uenisset, singularem sub omni caelo structuram, ut opinamur, etiam
numium assensione mirabilem, haerebat attonitus per giganteos contextus circumferens mentem nec relatu
effabiles nec rursus mortalibus appetendos.
206
Ammianus Marcellinus, 16.10.9–11: Augustus itaque faustis uocibus appellatus non montium litorumque
intonante fragore cohorruit talem se tamque immobilem, qualis in prouinciis suis uisebatur, ostendens. Nam et
corpus perhumile curuabat portas ingrediens celsas et uelut collo munito rectam aciem luminum tendens nec
dextra uultum nec laeua flectebat tamquam figmentum hominis nec, cum rota concuteret, nutans nec spuens auto
s aut nasum tergens uel fricans manumue agitans uisus est umquam. Quae licet affectabat, errant tamen haec et
alia quaedam in citeriore uita patientiae non mediocris indicia, ut existimari dabatur, uni illi concessae.

57

The contrast to Julian, whose self-control enabled him to rival Alexander, is obvious. Julian is
also a mobile figure in the narrative, moving and engaging continuously, whereas Constantius
is rigid and immobile.
Ammianus momentarily shifts the narrative away from Constantius and focuses
instead on Constantius’ wife, empress Eusebia. Eusebia had lured Constantius’ sister Helena,
the wife of Julian, to Rome with a show of affection. Helena had fallen victim to the plots of
Eusebia, who, because she had been childless all her life herself, contrived to make Helena take
a drug that would cause miscarriage whenever she conceived. These machinations had already
made Helena lose a male child in Gaul, as a midwife had been bribed to kill the baby at birth
by cutting the umbilical cord too short. This was all done in order to keep the most valiant and
bravest of men without an heir.207 What Ammianus is basing this whole narrative of Constantius
(and Eusebia) at Rome on is unclear, as it does not seem to be based on autopsy, although
Ammianus is certainly acting as a covert narrator. Inserting the alleged plotting to keep Julian
childless paints this state visit to Rome in an even worse light, not to mention how it portrays
Constantius and Eusebia in general.
The difference between how Eusebia is portrayed at the beginning of the extant books,
where she is credited with ensuring Julian’s rise to power, and here actively plotting to deprive
him of an heir, is notable. Shaun Tougher chalks this up to Ammianus being caught between
his differing motivations, namely his hostility to Constantius and his court and his idolization
of Julian.208 This aligns with how Weisweiler summarized one part of the discourse surrounding
the discrepancies in the narratives in Res gestae, specifically that Ammianus distorted facts due
to his sympathies for various individuals and causes.209 Tougher also focuses on the social and
political context behind these scenes; that Julian had notoriously bad experiences with
Constantius prior to his rise to Caesar, with Constantius appearing responsible for wiping out
a significant part of Julian’s (and Constantius’ own) family, Gallus being only the most recent
victim, and taking strict control of Julian’s life. Tougher suggests Eusebia, who married
Constantius only after the defeat of Magnentius in 353 CE and as such had no previous
Ammianus Marcellinus, 16.10.18: Inter haec Helenae, sorori Constanti, Iuliani coniugi Caesaris, Romam
affectionis specie ductae regina tunc insidiabatur Eusebia, ipsa, quoad uixerat, sterilis, quasitumque uenenum
bibere per fraudem illexit, ut, quotiensque concepisset, immaturum abiceret partum. Nam et pridem in Galliis,
cum marem genuisset infantem, hoc perdidit dolo, quod obstetrix corrupta mercede mox natum praesecto plus,
quam conuenerat, umbilico necauit: tanta tamque diligens opera nauabatur, ne fortissimi uiri suboles appareret.
208
Shaun Tougher, ”Ammianus Marcellinus on the Empress Eusebia: A Split Personality?” in Greece & Rome
47, no. 1 (2000) 101.
209
Weisweiler, ‘Unreliable Witness’, 105–106.
207

58

connection to the dynamic between Julian and Constantius, was acting as an agent of her
husband to further his agenda. This stands in contrast to the benevolent and well-meaning
Eusebia who crops up early in the extant books, as well as in Julian’s own speeches and
writings. Reinterpreting her as such serves to weaken Ammianus’ image of Constantius as a
weak-willed tyrant who is subject to the influences of wives, courtiers, and eunuchs.210
Accordingly Eusebia convinced Julian to adhere to the will of Constantius, and if the matter of
Eusebia preventing Helena from having a child is true, it may have been a political calculation
rather than some bitterness at Eusebia’s own childlessness.211 Ammianus’ use of Eusebia to
blacken Constantius and cast him as being subject to the whims of his wives, courtiers, and
eunuchs is in alignment with the narrative he has constructed thus far, although parallel history
and context disputes Ammianus’ characterization to some degree. Consequently, there is once
again room for interpretation in the narrative.
After Julian had declared himself Augustus, heralding proper leadership in the empire
at last, and Constantius summarily rejecting this pronouncement, Ammianus began
foreshadowing the death of Constantius in no uncertain terms. The previously discussed episode
in which Julian as Caesar was granted a vision of the Genius as well as predicting the death of
Constantius is a clear example, and later Constantius is disturbed by nightly visions as well.
Ammianus claims Constantius saw the spirit of his father holding out a child, which he took
and set it in his lap. The child then shook from his grasp the orb he was holding in his right
hand, which signaled approaching political turmoil. Ammianus then claims that the seers and
soothsayers in Constantius’ orbit gave this a favorable interpretation, again faulting those
surrounding Constantius and him for listening to them. This was followed by Constantius
admitting to his closest confidantes that he felt abandoned because he could no longer see a
mysterious something which he thought appeared to him from time to time, albeit dimly.
Ammianus claims this was believed to be guardian spirit or angel assigned to protect
Constantius, and that it is believed by some that this kind of spirit is assigned to every man at
birth to direct him within the limits that fate allows. Some very few of unusual merit can ever
see them. The departure of this spirit was supposedly a sign that Constantius was about to die.212
Shaun Tougher, ”The Advocacy of an Empress: Julian and Eusebia” in The Classical Quarterly 48, no 2.
(1998), 596-598.
211
Tougher, ”Ammianus Marcellinus on the Empress Eusebia”, 98.
212
Ammianus Marcellinus, 21.14.1–3: In hoc rerum aduersarum tumultu haerens eius fortuna iam et subsistens
aduentare casuam uitae difficilem modo non loquentibus signis aperte monstrabat. Namque et nocturnis
imaginibus terrebatur et nondum penitus mersus in somnum umbram uiderat patris obtulisse pulchrum infantem
eumque susceptum et locatum in gremio suo excussam sibi proiecisse longius sphaeram, quam ipse dextra manu
210

59

Invoking what is presumably the Genius, this very Roman figure, and not only explaining that
Constantius merely saw it dimly sometimes, but also having it abandon Constantius only one
book after having broken his chronological framework (in book 20) to explain how it visited
Julian earlier seems like a very intentional move. It is unclear what exactly Ammianus is basing
this part of the text on, or what closest confidantes Constantius supposedly shared these events
with, or how Ammianus then heard of them. Whilst it is not impossible that Ammianus was
able to extract testimony from people who had been in Constantius’ orbit after the fact, it could
also be an example of him leaning towards ficta. Being plagued by nightly visions shortly before
his death could also be an allusion to what Ammianus claimed happened to Gallus, which could
arguably be construed as ficta as well.
Constantius is taken by a fever and dies immediately following Ammianus rather blunt
foreshadowing. Ammianus conveniently includes that they were told that Constantius, already
past medical aid and hot as a furnace but still in possession of his senses, lamented his death
and named Julian his successor. Ammianus also mentions an unconfirmed rumor and report
that claimed Constantius had left a will making Julian his heir.213 The immediate death of
Constantius is essentially used to legitimize Julian based on rumors and hearsay, and again blurs
the lines between lecta and ficta. Considering that it is difficult, if not outright impossible, to
state with any certainty exactly what happened as Constantius lay dying, it is telling that this is
what Ammianus decided to include.
Following the death of the emperor, Ammianus, as he has done throughout Res gestae,
sets out the good and bad qualities of the person in question. The positive qualities essentially
boil down to Constantius maintaining the dignity of his position and not seeking popularity,
rarely conferring higher honors on people. He was also scrupulous with the military, not letting
gestabat. Id autem permutationem temporum indicabat, licet interpretantes placentia responderunt. Post haec
confessus est iunctioribus proximis, quod tamquam desolatus secretum aliquid uidere desierit, quod interdum
affuisse sibi squalidius aestimabat, et putabatur Genius esse quidam tutelae salutis appositus eum reliquisse
mundo citius digressurum. Ferunt enim theologi in lucem editis hominibus cunctis salua firmitate fatali huiusmodi
quaedam uelut actus rectura numina sociari admodum tamen paucissimis uisa, quos multiplices auxere uirtutes.
213
Ammianus Marcellinus, 21.15.2–3: […] ubi leviore febri contactus, ratusque itinerario motu imminutae
ualetudinis excuti posse discrimen petit per uias difficiles Mobsucrenas, Ciliciae ultimam hinc pergentibus
stationem, sub Tauri montis radicibus positam, egredique secuto die conatus illabente morbi grauitate detentus
est; paulatimque urente calore nimio uenas, ut ne tangi quidem corpus eius posset in modum foculi feruens, cum
usus deficeret medelarum, ultimum spirans deflebat exitium mentisque sensu tum etiam integro successorem suae
potestatis statuisse dicitur Iulianum. Deinde anhelitu iam pulsante letali conticuit diuque cum anima colluctatus
iam discessaura abiit e uita tertium nonarum Nouembrium imperii tricesimo octauo uitaeque anno quadragesimo
quarto et mensibus paucis.
21.15.5: fama tamen rumorque loquebatur incertus Constantium uoluntatem ordinasse postremam, in qua
Iulianum, ut praediximus, scripsit heredem et his, quos diligebat, fideicommissa detulit et legata.

60

them lift themselves too high. Ammianus further claims that appointments at court were
scrupulously regulated and no newcomer or unknown entity was ever entrusted with an
important function. Constantius further receives the somewhat questionable praise that he had
aspirations to learn but was too dull-witted to have any success with rhetoric, and upon turning
to verses produced nothing worthwhile. He was not prone to excess and lived frugally, eating
and drinking only in moderation, which kept him healthy. He could do with little sleep and had
an extraordinarily chaste lifestyle, and was an expert in riding, throwing the javelin, and
archery. Ammianus also states that he will not dwell on the facts that Constantius was never
seen publically wiping his face or nose, spitting, turning his head to either side, or that he never
tasted fruit, because they have apparently been related so often.214 Comparing Ammianus
summation of the less than stellar character of Constantius to how he portrays Julian after his
death makes it abundantly clear where Ammianus’ sympathies lie. When it comes to character,
the few laudable things Ammianus seems to find is that Constantius was dignified and eschewed
excessive lifestyle choices. Ammianus comment on scrupulously regulated appointments also
seems at odds with the chaos and corruption Ammianus highlighted in the beginning of his
narrative of Constantius, if one does not interpret it as a veiled commentary on the kind of
people Constantius appointed.
Following this short recitation of the supposed virtues of Constantius, Ammianus lists
the negative traits. Ammianus claims that when it came to administrative affairs he was
comparable to other average emperors, but on the slightest suspicion he showed a cruelty that
matched or even surpassed the cruelty and savagery of Caligula, Domitian, and Commodus.
Even arbitrary accusations were enough to get Constantius involved, and he threw himself into

Ammianus Marcellinus, 21.16.1: Bonorum igitur uitiorumque eius differentia uere seruata praecipua prima
conueniet expediri. Imperatoriae auctoritatis coturnum ubique custodiens popularitatem elato animo
contemnebat et magno erga tribuendas celsiores dignitates impendio parcus nihil circa administrationum
augmenta praeter pauca nouari perpessus numquam erigens cornua militarium
21.16.3–7: In conseruando milite nimium cautus, examinator meritorum nonnumquam subscruposus palatinas
dignitates uelut ex quodam tribuens perpendiculo et sub eo nemo celsum aliquid acturus in regia repentibus
adhibitus est uel incognitus, sed, qui post decennium officiorum magisterium uel largitiones uel simile quidquam
esset recturus, apertissime noscebatur. Ualdeque raro contigerat, ut militarium aliquis ad ciuilia regenda transiret
contraque non nisi puluere bellico indurati praeficienbantur armatis. Doctrinarum diligens affectator, sed, cum a
rhetorice per ingenium deseretur obtunsum, ad uersificandum transgressus nihil operae pretium fecit. In uita
parca et sobria edendi potandique moderatione ualetudinem ita retinuit firmam, ut raros colligeret morbos, sed
eos non procul a uitae periculis. Id enim euenire corporibus a lasciuia dimotis et luxu diuturna experimenta et
professions medendi monstrarunt. Somno contentus exiguo, cum id posceret tempus et ratio, perque spatia ita
longissima impendio castus, ut nec mare ministro saltem suspicione tenus posset redargui quod crimen, etiamsi
non inuenit, malignitas fingit in summarum licentia potestatum. Equitandi et iaculandi maximeque perite dirigendi
sagittas artiumque armaturae pedestris perquam scientissimus. Quod autem ne cos tersisse umquam uel nares in
publico nec spuisse nec transtulisse in partem alterutram uultum aliquando est uisus nec pomorum, quoad uixerat,
gustauerit, ut dicta saepius praetermitto.
214

61

these proceedings with an eagerness unbecoming of him and his station (which stands in
contrast to Ammianus’ previous point about Constantius maintaining the dignity of the station),
and appointed merciless judges to precede. When it came to punishment he occasionally
attempted to prolong the tortuous death for as long as the victim could withstand it, and
employed torture excessively. Ammianus claims that Constantius in this process was similar to
how a few sparks from dry wood can start a raging wildfire. Ammianus even invokes exempla
of the emperor Marcus and the writings of Cicero to condemn Constantius. At the start of his
reign Constantius also destroyed root and branch all who were related to him. Ammianus also
brings up Constantius’ multiple military failures abroad and that he prided himself on his
success in civil conflicts, bathing in the blood pouring from the internal wounds of the state.
Constantius was apparently also too much under the influence of his wives and eunuchs. There
were multiple other issues with Constantius as well, from his refusal to take any steps to
alleviate the burden of the provinces and restraining his tax-collectors to his habit of getting
involved in and complicating Christian theological matters and debate.215 Constantius savage
Ammianus Marcellinus, 21.16.8–9: Dinumeratis carptim bonis, quae scire potuimus, nunc ad explananda eius
uitia ueniamus. Cum esset in negotiis aliis principibus mediis comparandus, si affectatae dominationis amplam
quandam falsam repperisset aut leuem, hanc sine fine scrutando fasque eodem loco ducens et nefas Caligulae et
Domitiani et Commodi immanitatem facile superabat, quorum aemulatur saeuitiam inter imperandi exordia
cunctos sanguine et genere se contingentes stirpitus interemit. Addebatur miserorum aerumnis, qui rei maiestatis
imminutae uel laesae deferebantur, acerbitas eius et iracundia suspicionesque in huiusmodi cuncta distentae. Et
si quid tale increpuisset, in quaestiones acrius exsurgens quam ciuiliter spectatores apponebat his litibus truces
mortenque longius in puniendus quisbusdam, si natura permitteret conabatur extendi in eiusmodi controuersiarum
partibus etiam Gallieno feocior.
21.16.11: iustumque in eiusmodi titulis capitali odio oderat, cum maxime id ageret, ut iustus aestimaretur et
clemens. Et tamquam ex arida silua uolantes scintillae flatu leni uentorum ad usque discrimina uicorum agresium
incohibili cursu perueniunt, ita ille quoque ex minimis causis malorum congeries excitabat, Marci illius dissimilis
principis uerecundi [...]
21.16.13–15: ut Tullius quoque docet crudelitatis increpans Caesarem in quadam ad Nepotem epistula: ,,neque
enim quidquam aliud est felicitas” inquit ,,nisi honestarum rerum prosperitas. Uel ut alio modo definiam: felicitas
est fortuna adiutrix consiliorum bonorum, quibus qui non utitur, felix esse nullo pacto potest. Ergo in perditis
impiisque consiliis, quibus Caesar usus est, nulla potuit esse felicitas. Feliciorque meo iudicio Camillus exsulans
quam temporibus isdem Manlius, etiamsi – id, quod cupierat – regnare potuisset” id Ephesius quoque Heraclitus
asserens monet ab inertibus et ignauis euentus uariante fortuna superatos aliquotiens uiros fuisse praestantes;
illud uero eminere inter praecipuas laudes, cum potestas in gradu uerlut sub iugum missa nocendi, saeuiendi
cupiditate et irascendi in arce uictoris animi tropaeum erexerit gloriosum.
21.16.16: Vt autem in externis bellis hic princeps fuit saucius et afflictus, ita prospere succedentibus pugnis
ciuilibus tumidus et intentinis ulceribus rei publicae saniae perfusus horrenda. Quo prauo proposito magisquam
recto uel usitato triumphales arcus ex clade prouinciarum sumptibus magnis erexit in Galliis et Pannoniis titulis
gestorum affixis se, quoad stare poterunt monumenta, lecturis. Uxoribus et spadonum gracilentis uocibus et
palatinis quisbusdam nimium quantum addictus ad singula eius uerba plaudentibus et, quid ille asiat aut neget, ut
assentiri possint, obseruantibus.
21.16.17: Augebat etiam amaritudinem temporum flagitatorum rapacitas inexpleta plus odiorum ei quam pecuniae
conferentium. Hocque multis intolerantius uidebatur, quod nec causam aliquando audiuit nec prouinciarum
indemnitati prospexit, cum multiplicatis tributis et uectigalibus uexarentur. Eratque super his adimere facilis, quae
donabat.
21.16.18: Christianam religionem absolutam ei simplicem anili superstitione confundens, in qua scrutanda
perplexius quam componenda grauius excitauit discidia plurima, quae progressa fusius aluit concertatione
215

62

responses to anyone even suspected of aspiring to the throne is highlighted by Hugh Elton,
although he points out that Constantius had to deal with more civil wars than many Roman
emperors,216 having risen to power in the fraught and turbulent aftermath of the tetrarchy. It is
a relevant observation, especially since the extant books of Res gestae do not treat this subject
in any depth, and it is unknown what Ammianus might have written about the subject in the
lost books.
Several of Ammianus’ comments on the negative aspects of the character of
Constantius seem almost designed to kneecap the few positives he managed to eke out, with
Constantius’ unbecoming passion for torture and paranoia arguably not sitting well with the
dignity of the office. Gallus and Julian also notably seem to have been spared during the purge
Ammianus mentioned. Constantius wading into and complicating debate around Christian
theology is yet another example of Ammianus critiquing an emperor getting too distracted and
caught up by religious affairs. Another noteworthy element is Ammianus bringing in a
multitude of historical exempla only when listing the negative traits of Constantius, using this
narrative technique to link Constantius to a string of tyrannical and cruel emperors from history.
Ammianus’ comment on the military failures of Constantius, and thus the empire, and his
bathing in the blood pouring from the internal wounds of the state is a very telling one, since it
encapsulates many of the critiques Ammianus has implicitly and explicitly built up to in the
narrative of Constantius. It is arguably one of the central themes of the entire Res gestae. In
essence Ammianus brings the narrative of Constantius full circle, ending it as he begun in the
extant books by resoundingly damning Constantius proclivity for torture, paranoia and bad
governance. There is even a reference to Domitian, whom Gallus as previously mentioned was
compared to shortly before Ammianus compared Constantius to Gallus.

Jovian (Augustus 363–364 CE)
Jovian was raised to the rank of Augustus following the death of Julian. He ruled for only eight
months, from June 363 to February 364. The circumstances surrounding his accession were less
than ideal, as Julian had recently died and left no designated heir. The army was in dire straits
and exhausted, provisions were low, they were unable to properly retreat, and the Sassanids

uerborum, ut cateruis antistitum iumentis publicis ultro citroque discurrentibus per synodos, quas appellant, dum
ritum omnem ad suum trahaere conatur arbitrium, rei uehiculariae succideret neruos.
216
Hugh Elton, The Roman Empire in Late Antiquity, 78.

63

were pressing down on them. Ammianus claims Jovian was elected due to the hasty actions of
a few men, which are often decisive in a crisis.217 He further wrote that:
[…] if any onlooker of strict justice with undue haste blames such a step taken in a moment of
extreme danger, he will, with even more justice, reproach sailors, if after the loss of a skilled
pilot, amid the raging winds and seas they committed the guidance of the helm of their ship to
any companion in their peril, whoever he might be.218

This is arguably an indirect recognition of the disaster Julian led them to; however, Ammianus
pointedly does not directly implicate Julian. Instead, he immediately turns to the crisis at hand.
Having attempted a retreat, the army finds itself weak, starving, harassed by the enemy and
unable to flee across the Tigris. They begin peace negotiations with the enemy, and Ammianus
claims they spent four days starving and agonizing. Ammianus felt that they should have
continued their gradual withdrawal from enemy territory, as they could undoubtedly have
reached a safe haven in Roman control a mere hundred miles away. However, Jovian instead
enters into a peace treaty with king Sapor, which included giving up control of five regions and
fifteen forts. Ammianus excoriates Jovian, claiming that the treaty was so shameful, it would
have been better to fight ten times over rather than surrendering any of the aforementioned forts
and regions. Ammianus portrays Jovian as a man faint of heart, caving to the pressures of
flatterers. They scared Jovian by invoking the name of Procopius (who was leading forces
around the upper Tigris), whom they claimed could easily orchestrate a revolution if he heard
of Julian’s demise and returned with his forces intact.219 Ammianus creates a narrative of yet
another paranoid emperor who caves to the courtiers and flatters. Because Ammianus has
already decisively and repeatedly excoriated Gallus and Constantius for this particular flaw, it
Ammianus Marcellinus, 25.5.4: Inter has exiguas ad tantam rem moras nondum pensatis sententiis
tumultuantibus paucis, ut in rebus extremis saepe est factum, Iouianus eligitur imperator, domesticorum ordinis
primus, paternis mediocriter commendabilis.
218
J. C. Rolfe, Ammianus Marcellinus II, 25.5.7: quodsi grauis quidam aequitatis spectator in ultimo rerum spiritu
factum criminatur improuide, nauticos idem iustius incusabit, si amisso perito nauigandi magistro sacuientibus
flabris et mari clauos regendae nauis cuilibet periculi socio commiserunt.
219
Ammianus Marcellinus, 25.7.9-13: Petebat autem rex obstinatius, ut ipse aiebat, sua dudum a Maximiano
erepta, ut docebat autem negotium, pro redemptione nostra quinque regions Transtigritanas: Arzanenam et
Moxoenam et Zabdicenam itidemque Rehimenam et Corduenam cum castellis quindecim et Nisibin et Singaram
et Castra Maurorum, munimentum perquam opportunum. Et cum pugnari deciens expediret, ne horum quidquam
dederetur, adolatorum globus instabat timido principi Procopii metuendum subserens nomen eumque affirmans,
si redit cognito Iuliani interitu cum intacto milite, quem regebat, nouas res nullo renitente facile moliturum. Hac
perniciosa uerborum ille assiduitate nimia succensus sine cunctatione tradidit omnia, quae petebantur, difficile
hoc adeptus, ut Nisibis et Singara sine incolis transirent in iura Persarum, a munimentis uero alienandis reuerti
ad nostra praesidia Romama permitterentur. Quibus exitiale aliud accessit et impium, ne post haec ita composita
Arsaci poscenti contra Persas ferretur auxilium, amico nobis semper et fido. Quod ratione gemina cogitatum est,
ut puniretur homo, qui Chiliocomum mandate uastauerat principis, et remaneret occasion, per quam subinde
licenter inuaderetur Armenia. Unde postea contigit, ut uiuus caperetur idem Arsaces et Armeniae maximum latus
Medis conterminans et Artaxata inter dissensiones et turbamenta raperent Parthi. Quo ignobili decretal firmato,
ne quit committeretur per idutias contrarium pactis […]
217

64

is a firmly entrenched narrative tool. In this case, Ammianus uses it to forcefully blame and
rebuke Jovian for the treaty, thus absolving Julian for his part in them ending up in this scenario
in the first place. Ammianus does not reflect on the circumstances Julian led them to, and left
them in when he perished, or that Jovian became emperor in a crisis and had no time to
consolidate his power.
Jovian does not feature long in the narrative, despite the fact that he ruled for 8 months.
It does not take long for Ammianus to begin foreshadowing Jovian’s incoming death. A variety
of dire omens predicted disaster following their arrival in Antioch; a statue of Caesar Maximian
in the vestibule of the royal palace dropped the sphere it was holding, the beams in the council
hall creaked horrendously, and comets were seen in broad daylight.220 The emperor did not heed
the signs, journeyed on, and died suddenly in the night in a town called Dadastana. The exact
reasons for his death is unclear, and Ammianus lists several differing accounts; that Jovian was
overcome by the toxic smell of fresh plaster in his bedroom, that the fumes of a fire brought on
cerebral congestion, or that he died from sudden indigestion after eating excessively.
Regardless, Jovian died at the age of 33.221
Following the rather ignominious death of Jovian, Ammianus lists his character traits.
He had a dignified bearing and a cheerful expression, and was enormously tall. He modelled
himself after Constantius, often working until the afternoon. He was a Christian, and took some
steps to honor it. He was, at most, moderately educated, but had a kindly nature. He also made
appointments with care, judging from the few he had time to make. However, he was prone to
excess when it came to food, wine, and women, which Ammianus felt was unsuitable for the
dignity of the position. As Ammianus has done with some previous emperors, he includes a
dream relating to their downfall. In this case, it is Jovian’s father who supposedly had a dream
where he learned what would happen, although he died before he could see his son again.222

Ammianus Marcellinus, 25.10.1–2: His hoc modo peractis discursisque itineribus Antiochiam uenimus, ubi per
continuos dies uelut offense numine multa uisebantur et dira, quorum euentus fore luctificos gnari rerum
prodigialium praecinebant. Nam et Maximiani statua Caesaris, quae locata est in uestibulo regiae, amisit repente
sphaeram aeream formatam in speciem poli, quam gestabat, et cum horrendo stridore sonuerunt in consistorio
trabes et uisa sunt interdiu sidera cometarum, super quorum natura ratiocinantes physici uariant.
221
Ammianus Marcellinus, 25.10.12–13: Hinc quoque Iouianum celeri gradu praescriptus uitae finiendae dies
exegit. Cum enim uenisset Dadastanam, qui locus Bithyniam distinguit et Galatas, exanimatus inuentus est nocte.
Super cuius obitu dubietates emersere complures. Fertur enim recenti calce cubicula illiti ferre odorem noxium
nequiuisse uel extuberato capite perisse succensione prunarum immense aut certe ex colluuione ciborum auida
cruditate distentus. Decessit autem anno tricensimo aetatis et tertio. Cumque huic et Aemiliano Scipioni uitae
exitus similis euenisset, super neutrius morte quaestionem comperimus agitatam.
222
Ammianus Marcellinus, 25.10.14–16: Incedebat autem motu corporis graui, uultu laetissimo, oculis caesiis,
uasta proceritate et ardua, adeo, ut diu nullum indumentum regium ad mensuram eius aptum inueniretur. Et
220

65

Ammianus short treatment of Jovian contains several noteworthy aspects, most notably the
short mention of Christianity. Jovian rescinded Julian’s bans on Christians teaching, disbanded
the priesthoods Julian created, and enabled Christians to recover what they had lost during
Julian’s reign.223 Framing it as “taking some steps to honor Christianity”, and not mentioning
any specifics, feels like a measured statement. Ammianus again condemns emperors (and
anyone in power) living excessively, here through food, drink, or women. Jovian fails to live
up to the exempla of Julian.
Considering that Ammianus is disparaging towards Jovian, omits significant parts of
his short reign, and generally appeared to consider him unworthy, the aspects he chose to
include are telling. The focus is on Jovian hastily succeeding a man who was by far his superior,
and then trying to remedy the situation they found themselves in. However, the primary
narrative function of Jovian appears to be taking the blame for the situation Julian led them to,
drawing the heat from Julian.
Following the death of Jovian, Valentinian was appointed Augustus, and he
appointed his brother Valens as Augustus as well. They were co-emperors, but will be treated
under separate headings in the upcoming section. This is partly because Ammianus at this point
also breaks the previous narrative order, and splits the narrative between them. However, at the
outset of their reigns, Ammianus paints a dire picture of the situation the empire is in, claiming
that practically the entirety of the Roman Empire was at war. This was due to the barbarians
stirring and raiding the frontiers nearest to them; the Alamanni ravaging Gaul and Raetia
[constituting parts of Switzerland, southern Germany, Austria, and northern Italy today]; the
Sarmatians and Quadi devastating Pannonia [constituting parts of Hungary, Serbia, and Croatia
today]; the Picts, Saxons, Scots and Attacotti were heaping misery upon Britain; the Austoriani
and other Moorish peoples were at large in Africa; and predatory Goths were plundering Thrace
[constituting parts of Bulgaria, Greece, and Turkey today]. The Persian king, who had
previously entered into the by Ammianus much maligned treaty with Jovian, was attempting to

aemulari malebat Constantium agens seria quaedam aliquotiens post meridiem iocarique palam cum proximis
assuetus. Christianae legis itidem studiosus et nonnumquam honorificus, mediocriter eruditus magisque beniuolus
et perpensius, ut apparebat et paucis, quos promouerat iudices, electurus; edax tamen et uino uenerique indulgens,
quae uitia imperali uerecundia forsitan correxisset. Dicebatur autem Varronianus pater eius monitu cuiusdam
somnii dudum praescisse, quod euenit, idque duobus amicis commisisse fidissimis illo adiecto, quod ipsi quoque
deferetur trabea consularis. Sed impetrato uno adipisci non potuit aliud. Audita enim filii celsiore fortuna,
antequam eum uideret, fatali praeuentus est morte.
223
Edward J. Watts, The Final Pagan Generation : Rome’s Unexpected Path to Christianity (Berkeley:
University of California Press, 2015), 156–157.

66

seize Armenia as well.224 Considering that this had already happened when Ammianus was
writing his history and maligning Jovian, it is likely it informed the stance Ammianus took in
Res gestae, and affected how he portrayed Jovian. Nonetheless, Ammianus positions himself
as very situationally aware and concerned. He has accessed or collected information covering
a huge geographic area, and is weaving it into his narrative to present an image of the empire
besieged on nearly all fronts. This chaos is arguably also represented in the narrative structure
itself from this point on; it is fragmented and difficult to read as a cohesive whole.

Valentinian (Western Augustus 364–375 CE)
The narrative of Valentinian sets up a specific dynamic right at the beginning. He summoned
his advisers, appearing intent on being guided by their advice, and questioned them about who
he should appoint as his co-ruler. All were silent until a man called Dagalaif, then commander
of the cavalry, spoke up and said that if Valentinian loves his family he has a brother, but if he
loves the state he should look for another man to raise up as his co-ruler. This supposedly
angered Valentinian, but he held his peace.225 Nevertheless, Valentinian eventually proclaimed
his brother Valens Augustus. This had the approval of the whole army, because no one dared
object. Ammianus immediately highlights that Valens acted like a pliant subordinate, not an
equal.226 Whether or not the exchange with Dagalaif actually happened is unclear, and
ultimately irrelevant; Ammianus choice to include it speaks volumes. He establishes the
dynamic between Valentinian and Valens immediately, as well as portraying Valentinian as not
putting the empire first. The latter would arguably be a cardinal sin in the eyes of Ammianus.

Ammianus Marcellinus, 26.4.5: Hoc tempore uelut per uniuersum orbem Romanum bellicum canentibus becinis
excitae gentes saeuissimae limites sibi proximos persultabant. Gallias Raetiasque simul Alamanni populabantur;
Sarmatae Pannonias et Quadi; Picti Saxonesque et Scotti et Attacotti Britannos aerumnis uexauere continuis;
Austoriani Mauricaeque aliae gentes Africam solito acrius incursabant; Thracias et diripiebant praedatorii globi
Gothorum. Persarum rex manus Armeniis iniectabat eos in suam dicionem ex integro uocare ui nimia properans,
sed iniuste, causando, quod post Iouiani excessum, cum quo foedera firmarat et pacem, nihil obstare debebit, quo
minus ea recuperaret, quae antae ad maiores suos pertinuisse, monstrabat.
225
Ammianus Marcellinus, 26.4.1: At in Bithynia Valentinianus princeps, ut praediximus, declaratus dato in
perendium diem signo proficiscendi conuocatis primoribus quasi tota consilia quam sibi placentia secuturus
percunctabatur, quemnam ad imperii consortium oporteret assume, silentibusque cunctis Dagalaifus tunc
equestris militae rector respondit fidentius: ,,Si tuos amas”, inquit, ,,imperator optime, habes fratrem, si rem
publicam, quaere quem uestigas.”.
226
Ammianus Marcellinus, 26.4.3: Indeque cum uenisset Constantinopolim, multa secum ipse diu uoluens et
magnitudine urgentium negotiorum iam se superari considerans nihil morandum ratus quantum kalendas Apriles
productum eundem Valentem in suburbanum uniuersorum sententiis concinentibus – nec enim audebat quisdam
refragari – Augustum pronountiauit decoreque imperatorii cultus ornatum et tempora diademate redimitum in
eodem uehiculo secum reduxit participem quidem legitimum potestatis, sed in modum apparitoris morigerum, ut
progrediens aperiet textus.
224

67

Valentinian raises his son Gratian as co-emperor in 367 CE,

227

underlining the

difficulties in managing an empire as vast and diverse as the Roman Empire. However, as
Gratian features only tangentially in the narrative, he will not strongly included in the analysis
or treated specifically under his own heading.
Ammianus dedicates a chapter to the cruel, irascible, and savage character of
Valentinian. Ammianus claims he was known as a cruel man, but took pains to modify his
reputation at the start of his reign. However, he could not keep a lid on it, and had a tendency
towards angry outbursts. Ammianus claims anger is defined by philosophers as a long-standing,
occasionally permanent, mental ulcer, usually caused by a weakness of the intellect. He further
contends that philosophers with some plausibility have argued that this is more common in
invalids than in the healthy, in women more than men, in the old more than in the young, and
more in those in trouble than in those fortunate.228 Another pronounced feature of Valentinian’s
cruelty that Ammianus feels compelled to describe in vivid terms concerns abuse of justice; if
someone requested a transfer to a different judge in order to avoid appearing before a powerful
enemy, the request was denied and he was sent back to the feared enemy. Furthermore, when
Valentinian heard of debtors in such dire straits that they could not pay anything, he sentenced
them to death. Ammianus claims the reason some emperors are arrogant enough to commit such
acts is that they do not give their friends any opportunities to set them right when they stray in
thought or deed. Alternatively, they hold such enormous power that enemies are frightened into
silence. There is simply no way of correcting someone who feels that the height of virtues lies
in seeing their wishes and desires fulfilled.229 This is a marked narrative contrast to Julian,
whom Ammianus as mentioned pointedly described as willing to be corrected and treated
people with leniency.

Ammianus Marcellinus, 27.6: Gratinum filium Valentinianus consentiente exercitu Augustum nuncupat et
puerum purpuram indutum ad fortiter faciendum hortatur militibusque commendat.
228
Ammianus Marcellinus, 27.10.4: Et quamquam Valentinianus, homo propalam ferus, inter imperitandi exordia,
ut asperitatis opinionem molliret, impetus truces reinere nonnumquam in potestate animi nitebatur, serpens tamen
uitium et dilatum licentius erupit ad perniciem plurimorum, quod auxit ira acerbius efferuescens. Hanc enim ulcus
esse animi diuturnum interdumque perpetuum prudentes definiunt nasci ex mentis mollitia consuetum id asserentes
argumento probabili, quod iracundiores sunt incolumibus languidi et feminae maribus et iuuenibus senes et
felicibus aerumnosi.
229
Ammianus Marcellinus, 27.10.8–9: Ad hanc inclementiam illud quoque accedebat dictu dirum et factu, quod,
si quis eum adisset iudicium potentis inimici declinans aliumque sibi postulans dari, hoc non impetrato ad eundem,
quem metuebat, licet multa praetenderet iusta, remittebatur. Itemque aliud audiebatur horrendum, quod, ubi
debitorum aliquem egestate obstrictum nihil reddere posse discebat, interfici debere pronuntiabat.
Haec autem et similia licenter ideo altiore fastu quidam principes agunt, quod amicis emendandi secus cogitata
uel gesta copiam negant, inimicos loqui terrent amplitudine potestatis. Nulla autem est correction prauitatum
apud eos, qui, quod uelint, effici maximae putant esse uirtutis.
227

68

Ammianus states outright that since he now feels free to openly express his opinion,
he feels that Valentinian was the first emperor to foster the arrogance of the military, to the
detriment of the state, by advancing them notably in standing and wealth. Another detestable
feature was that Valentinian severely and inflexibly punished common soldiers for offences,
but treating their superiors leniently.230 This broadside against Valentinian is a marked
departure from Ammianus’ narrative technique up to this point; now he is directly and openly
appearing in the narrative and stating his own opinion clearly. While he has been scathing
towards other emperors, excoriating Valentinian in this manner is in a league of its own. Tying
the character and misrule of the emperor to the decline of the military, and thus the empire,
encapsulates what he previously has alluded to on many occasions, but never outright and
openly in this manner. It is clearly something Ammianus feels passionately about, enough to
now openly stand behind and state what he has previously expressed mostly indirectly or
expressed through narrative allusions or techniques.
While regularly condemning Valentinian on character and actions, including regarding
the military, Ammianus still shows that Valentinian had some military competence and narrates
several successful military excursions.231 Valentinian had multiple successful military
campaigns, and fortified the frontiers, which Ammianus does touch upon. Ammianus also
lavishes praise upon Theodosius [the Elder, his son later became emperor], a general who was
sent to deal with trouble in Britain and Africa, and managed to retrieve the situation.232 This
results in narrative criticism and action occasionally being out of sync. Christopher Kelly argues
in a similar vein, claiming that the condemnatory character (regarding both Valentinian and
Valens) of the narration occasionally seems to run ahead of the action.233 He further argued that
the eventual juxtaposition of the condemnation of Valentinian’s domestic cruelty, and the praise
of his military competence, without explanation or resolution, blurs any easy tracing of a
Ammianus Marcellinus, 27.9.4: Et quoniam adest liber locus dicendi, quae sentimus, aperte loquemur: hunc
imperatorem omnium primum in maius militares fastus ad damna rerum auxisse communium dignitates opesque
eorum sublimius erigentem et, quod erat publice priuantimque dolendum, indeflexa saeuitia punientem
gregariorum errata, parcentem potioribus, qui tamquam peccatis indulta licentia ad labes delictorum immanium
consurgebant; qui ex eo anhelantes ex nutu suo indistanter putant omnium pendere fortunas.
231
Ammianus Marcellinus, 29.4: Valentinianus Augustus Rhenum nauali ponte transgressus culpa militis
Macrianum Alamannorum regem incautum capere non potuit.
232
Ammianus Marcellinus, 27.8: Pictis, Attacottis et Scottis post ducem et comitem interfectos Britanniam impune
uastantibus Theodosius comes fusis praedam excussit.
28.3: Theodosius urbes Britanniae a barbaris uastatas restituit, castella reparat et prouinciam insulae recipit,
quae Valentia est appellate.
233
Christopher Kelly, ”Crossing the Frontiers: Imperial Power in the Last Books of Ammianus” in Ammianus
after Julian : the reign of Valentinian and Valens in Books 26-31 of the Res Gestae, eds. J. den Boeft, Jan
Willem Drijvers, Hans Teitler, and Daniël den Hengst (Leiden ; Boston: Brill, 2007), 289.
230

69

coherent theme.234 While is it true that the overt narrative structure fractures in the last books,
the central narrative themes remain intact throughout. Most prominent is the character and
exempla of the imperial males, and how they affect the empire. Valentinian (and Valens),
clearly nowhere near equal to Julian, continue the decline of the empire. Their characters and
misrule cause a ripple effect, rotting the empire from the top down. Military competence is
required and praised, but the character and domestic actions of the emperor (and the people
surrounding him) are of great value too. The only one in the narrative to have embodied all of
these somewhat successfully is Julian, and his time was too short to steady the ship. This has
been a recurring theme throughout Res gestae. Furthermore, the narration outpacing the action
clearly signifies how Ammianus wrote with the benefit of hindsight, structuring his work how
he wanted, choosing what to include, and how.
Valentinian and his violent temper, and its consequences, figure prominently in the narrative
leading up to his death. He was lenient towards people of higher rank, but could savagely punish
the ordinary population and soldiers. He took little notice of the abuses the powerful heaped
upon people. Ammianus then lists the portents that signified Valentinian’s death was imminent;
comets blazed in the sky, lightning struck a council-house and forum in Sirmium, and an owl
perched on top of the royal bath and uttered a fatal hoot.235 A dream is included as well, as has
been the case with the other emperors. In this dream, Valentinian saw his absent wife, dressed
in mourning and with disheveled hair. This was his Fortune, about to desert him. 236 The next

Christopher Kelly, ”Crossing the Frontiers,” 291.
Ammianus Marcellinus, 30.5: Valentinianus Sarmatis et Quadis Pannoniarum populatoribus bellum illaturus
in Illyricum profisciscitur et transito Danubio Quadorum pagos uastat, uicos incendit, barbarous cuiusque aetatis
iugulat.
30.5.3: Et quamquam terrori cunctis erat, dum sperabatur, ut acer et uehemens mox iudices damnari iussurus,
quorum perfidia uel secessione Pannoniarum nudatum est latus, cum illuc uenisset, ita intepuit, ut neque in Gabinii
regis inquireret necem neque inusta rei publicae uulnera, quo sinente uel agente segnius euenissent, curatius
uestigaret eo uidelicet more, quo erat seuerus in gregariis corrigendis, remissior ega maiores fortunas uel uerbis
asperioribus incessendas.
236
Ammianus Marcellinus, 30.5.15-18: Namque diebus ante paucissimis ruinas fortunarum indicantia celsarum
arsere crinita sidera cometarum, quorum originem supra docuimus. Ante apud Sirmium repentino fragore nubium
fulmen excussum palatii et curiae partem incendit et fori et apud Sauariam eodem adhuc constituto bubo
clumbinibus regii lauacri insidens occentansque funebria nulla iacientium sagittas et lapides contemplabili
dextera cadere potuit, certatim licet ardenti studio petebatur. Item cum ab urbe praedicta tenderet ad procinctum,
per portam uoluit, unde introit, exire, ut omen colligeret, quod cito remeabit ad Gallis. Cumque locus aggestis
ruderibus neglectus purgatur, lapsam forem ferratam, quae exitum obserauit, multitude remouere non potuit
uiribus magnis enisa et ille, ne frustra tereret diem, coactus per aliam egressus est portam. Nocteque, quam lux
erepture eum uita secuta est, ut per quietem solet, uidebat coniugem suam absentem sedere passis capillis amictu
squalenti contectam; quam aestimari dabatur Fortunam eius esse cum taetro habito iam discessuram.
234
235

70

day, envoys from the Quadi angered Valentinian to such a degree that he died of what was
presumably a stroke while screaming at them.237
Following the death of Valentinian, Ammianus lists his achievements. These concern military
achievements essentially to the exclusion of all else, and in this Ammianus notably constructs
a link between Valentinian and the legacy of Julian. Ammianus claims that following the death
of Julian, the Alamanni took heart and renewed their incursions into Gaul, as he was the only
commander since Constans (who ruled 337–350 CE) whom they feared. Valentinian made
himself a terror as well, and reinforced the army and the banks of the Rhine. However,
Ammianus does make sure to give significant credit to the generals who actually commanded
the troops, although it could be construed as veiled praise that Valentinian, at the very least,
gave these generals the chance to rescue these situations.
As is Ammianus’ habit, he follows the death of an emperor with a walkthrough of their positive
and negative traits. Valentinian had a hot temper, and was prone to excessively punishing
people. He forgot that the ruler of an empire should avoid all extremes. He was greedy and
envious, and while prone to lashing out at timid people had a tendency to grow fearful and pale
at imaginary scenarios. Ammianus claims philosophy tells us that the goal of a just reign is the
advantage and safety of its subjects,238 and in this Valentinian clearly failed.
Following the defects of Valentinian, Ammianus lists the positive traits. This includes
treating provincials indulgently and lightening the burden of their tributes, as well as fortifying

Ammianus Marcellinus, 30.6: Idem dum legatis Quadorum populares suos purgantibus respondet, iratus ictu
sanguinis exstinguitur.
238
Ammianus Marcellinus, 30.8.2–3: Assimulauit nonnumquam clementiae speciem, cum esset in acerbitatem
naturae calore propensior oblitus profecto, quod regenti imperium omnia nimia uelut praecipites scopuli sunt
euitanda. Nec enim usquam repperitur miti coercitione contentus, sed aliquotiens quaestiones multiplicari iussisse
cruentas post interrogationes funestas nonnullis ad usque discrimina uitae uexatis, et ita eras effusior ad
nocendum, ut nullum aliquando damnatorum capitis eriperet morte subscriptionis elogio leni, cum id etiam
principes interdum fecere saeuissimi.
30.8.6: Haec forsitan Valentinianus ignorans minimeque reputans afflicti solacium status semper esse lenitudinem
principum poenas per ignes augebat et gladios, quod ultimum in aduersis rebus remedium pietas repperit
animorum, ut Isocratis memorat pulchritudo; cuius uox est perpetua docentis ignosci debere interdum armis
superato rectori iustum quid sit ignoranti.
30.8.8: Auiditas plus habendi sine honesti prauique differentia et indagandi quaestus uarios per alienae uitae
naufragia exundauit in hoc principe flagrantius adolescens.
30.8.10–11: Inuidia praeter haec ante dictus medullitus urebatur et sciens pleraque uitiorum imitari solera uirtutes
memorabat assidue luiorem seueritatis rectae potestatis esse indiuiduam sociam. Arguebat hic idem princeps
timidos saepius maculosos tales appellans et sordidos et infra sortem humilem amendandos, ad pauores irritos
aliquotiens abiectius pallens et, quos nusquam erat, ima mente formidans.
30.8.14: Nec afflictis, si fors ingruisset inferior, erat ullum in principis benignitate perfugium, quod semper ut
agitato mari iactatis portus patuit exoptatus. Finis enim iusti imperii, ut sapientes docent, utilitas oboedientium
aestimatur et salus.
237

71

the borders and frontiers. Ammianus here portrays Valentinian as being admirably strict
concerning military discipline; his only fault was that he treated the upper crust of the military
leniently and turned a deaf ear to complaints, which led to disasters around the empire.239
Ammianus has repeated that multiple times, although he now clarifies that it was not the harsh
discipline he objected to; it was the unfair treatment for those at the top. Ammianus further
claims Valentinian was entirely chaste in his personal life, which also helped him rein in the
court. Furthermore, Valentinian made appointments to high positions with great care.240
Notably, Ammianus finishes his list of positive traits with the claim that Valentinian’s reign
was distinguished for religious tolerance. Valentinian himself took a neutral position, and did
not attempt to force his religion on his subjects.241
A noteworthy aspect in the narrative of Valentinian is the emphasis on military matters.
This is clearly informed by Ammianus’ previously discussed military background, training, and
awareness of larger developments. On a narrative level, it is made abundantly clear that the
empire is on the brink of catastrophe, with hostile incursions on nearly all fronts. The empire is
ill equipped to meet these challenges, in no small part thanks to current and previous leadership.
Ammianus’ understanding of both military operations and the workings of the imperial court,
i.e. the professional competence that Trombley also emphasized,242 defines the narratives. It is
a culmination of events that have clearly informed the narrative from the beginning.

Valens (Eastern Augustus 364–378 CE)
The narrative of Valens begins with Ammianus disparaging his character and authority. He
wrote that Valentinian, feeling unequal to the amount of pressing business needing to be done,
appointed Valens as co-emperor. Ammianus further claimed that the subsequent narrative will

Ammianus Marcellinus, 30.9.1: Conesentaneum est uenire post hae cad euius actus sequendos recte
sentientibus et probandos: si relique temperasset, uixerat ut Traianus et Marcus. In prouinciales admodum parcus,
tributorum ubique molliens sarcinas; oppidorum et limitum conditor tempestiuus; militaris disciplinae censor
eximius in hoc tantum deerrans, quod, cum gregariorum etiam leuia puniret errata, potiorum ducum flagitia
progredi sinebat in maius ad querellas in eos motas aliquotiens obsurdescens. Unde Britannici strepitus et
Africanae clades et uastitas emersit Illyrici.
240
Ammianus Marcellinus, 30.9.2-3: Omni pudicitiae cultu domi castus et foris, nullo contagio conscientiae
uiolatus obscenae, nihil incestum; hancque ob causam tamquam retinaculis petulantiam frenarat aulae regalis,
quod custodire facile potuit necessitudinibus suis nihil indulgens, quas aut in otio reprimebat aut mediocriter
honorauit absque fratre, quem temporis compulsus angustiis in amplitudinis suae societatem assumpsit.
241
Ammianus Marcellinus, 30.9.5: Postremo hoc moderamine principatus inclaruit, quod inter religionum
diuersitates medius stetit nec quemquam inquietauit neque, ut hoc coleretur, imperauit aut illud; nec interdictis
minacibus subiectorum ceruicem ad id, quod ipse uoluit, inclinabat, sed intermeratas reliquit has partes, ut
repperit.
242
Trombley, “Ammianus Marcellinus and Fourth-Century Warfare,” 16.
239

72

show that Valens behaved more like a pliant subordinate than an equal to Valentinian.243 He
underlines that point soon after, writing that Valens was colleague to Valentinian more in
appearance that reality.244 Ammianus’ claim that the subsequent narrative will unfold in a
certain way acknowledges the narrative he has created, as well as again recognizing that it was
written with intention with the benefit of hindsight. This is further evidenced by Ammianus
claiming early on in the narrative of Valens that while inexperienced, the judgement of Valens
was still sound; it was only later that he succumbed to flattery and began inflicting disasters on
the state that can never cease to be deplored.245
Even if his judgement was apparently sound for a time, his character was not; the
harshness and severity of Valens is a recurring theme in the narrative, such as when he manages
to defeat the attempted usurper Procopius. Ammianus portrays Valens as punishing people
more excessively than their errors or crimes deserved. In that context, Ammianus injects that
both Valens and Valentinian disparaged Julian and his conspicuous merits, even though they
were nowhere near his equals.246 Ammianus goes on a quite lengthy diatribe against conditions
under Valens, where executions, torture, and inquisitions were being conducted without any
distinction of who the victim was, and with no regard as to whether or not they were innocent;
laws and statutes were mere pretexts for the vile designs of the powerful, and everything was
decided by those with swollen powers and ego.247 The emperor himself was inclined towards
violence, listened freely to accusers, and took joy in executions. Ammianus claims Valens was

See footnote 226 (page 67) for full quote.
Ammianus Marcellinus, 26.5.1: Acta igitur transquillius hieme concordissimi principes, unus nuncupatione
praelatus, alter honori specie tenus adiunctus, percursis Thraciis Naissum aduenerunt, ubi in suburban, quod
appellatum Mediana a ciuitate tertio lapide disparatur, quasi mox separandi partiti sunt comites.
245
Ammianus Marcellinus, 27.5.8: Quibus imperator rudis quidem, uerum spectator adhuc aequissimus rerum,
antequam adulationum perniciosis illecebris captus rem publicam funeribus perpetuo deflendis affligeret, in
commune consultans pacem dare oportere decreuit.
246
Ammianus Marcellinus, 26.10.8: Euphrasius uero itemque Phronimius missi ad occiduas partes arbitrio
obiecti sunt Valentiniani et absoluto Euphrasio Phronomius Cherronesum deportatur inclementius in eodem
punitus negotio ea re, quod diuo Iuliano fuit acceptus, cuius memorandis uirtutibus eius ambo fratres principes
obtrectabant nec similes eius nec suppares.
247
Ammianus Marcellinus, 26.10.9–11: His accedebant alia grauiora et multo magis quam in proeliis formidanda.
Carnifex enim et unci et cruentae quaestiones sine discrimine ullo aetatum et dignitatum per fortunas omnes et
ordines grassabantur et pacis obtentu itum detestandum agibatur infaustam uictoriam exsecrantibus uniuersis
interneciuo bello quoius grauiorem. Nam inter arma et lituos condicionis aequatio leuiora facit pericula et
Martiae uirtutis potestas aut absumit, quod occupant, aut nobilitat et mors, si acciderit, nullum ignominiae
continent sensum finemque secum uiuendi simul et dolendi perducit; ubi uero consiliis impiis iura quidem
praetenduntur et leges et Catonianae uel Cassianae sententiae fuco perlite residerint iudices, agatur autem, quod
agitur, ad uoluntatem praetumidae potestatis et ex eius libidine incidentium uitae necisque momenta pensantur,
ibi capitalis uertitur pernicies et abrupta. Nam ut quisque ea tempestate ob quamlibet ualuerat causam, regio
imperio prope accedens et aliena rapiendi auiditate exustus licet aperte insontem arcessens ut familiaris
suscipiebatur et fidus ditandus casibus alienis.
243
244

73

unaware of a saying of Cicero, which asserts that those are unlucky who think that they have
power to do anything they wish.248 Roundly damning Valens’ character and further implying
he was not as learned as he should be firmly establishes him as inferior to Julian immediately.
Judicial abuse, misuse of power, and cruelty features strongly in the narrative of
Valens. Ammianus claims that Valens, in his tyrannical pride, maliciously pursued and
persecuted innocent and guilty alike; that the emperor had decided upon the sentence while the
charge was still unproved, and that some learned they had been condemned even before they
knew that they were under suspicion. The character of Valens, as well as the courtiers
surrounding him, served as spurs to these policies; these courtiers were looking to further their
own gains, and on the rare occasions when mercy was suggested they derided it as slackness.
Ammianus further claims that these bloodthirsty flatterers fatally corrupted the character of a
man who had death at the tip of his tongue.249 With the exception of Julian, this largely follows
the same narrative outline as the previous emperors; imperial males of dubious character who
surrounded himself with serpents, allowing them to pour poison into their ears. However, when
dealing with Valentinian and Valens, Ammianus is more overt with these kind of comments
and states them repeatedly and clearly, in no uncertain terms. Particularly Valens is overtly
portrayed as being corrupted by courtiers and flatterers, whereas with the previous emperors it
was portrayed with more discretion and as being more of a mutually parasitic relationship. The
only exception to this was Julian, who as previously evidenced resisted all attempts by courtiers
and flatterers to steer him off course.
The abuse continues with the trials of Antioch, where Ammianus appears to be basing
his account on autopsy. He even claims that he has seen so many victims dragged away after
agonizing torture that his recollection is confused, and since he does not remember the details

Ammianus Marcellinus, 26.10.12: Imperator enim promptior ad nocendum criminantibus patens et funereas
delationes asciscens per suppliciorum diuersitates effrenatius exsultauit sententiae illius Tullianae ignarus
docentis infelices esse eos, qui omnia sibi licere existimarunt.
249
Ammianus Marcellinus, 29.1.18–19: quocirca etiam Valens erat uenia dingus uitam, quam ereptum ire perfidy
properabant, omni cautela defendens. Sed inexpliabile illud erat, quod regaliter turgidus pari eodemque iure nihil
inter se distantibus meritis nocentes innocentesque maligna insectatione uolucriter perurgebat, ut, dum adhuc
dubitarentur de crimine, imperatore non dubitante de poende damnatos se quidam prius discerent quam suspectos.
Adolescebat autem obstinatum eius propositum admouente stimulos auaritia et sua et eorum, qui tunc in regia
uersebantur, nouos hiatus aperientium et, si qua humanitatis fuisset mentio rare, hanc appellantium tarditatem;
qui cruentis adulationibus institutum hominis mortem in acie linguae portantis ad partem pessimam deprauantes
omnia turbine intempestiuo perflabant euersum ire funditus domus opulentissimas festinantes.
248

74

clearly anymore, he will briefly share what he remembers. 250 He claims Valens had abandoned
the path of justice altogether and was prone to break out into furious anger; in this Valens was
like a wild beast who breaks free in the arena.251 Ammianus describes the trials at length, giving
a multitude of examples of people being brutally tortured, and often executed, on arbitrary and
flimsy grounds. This affected the general populace as well, with many losing property, suffering
torture, and being executed without any chance at a proper defense. 252 Ammianus notably
juxtapositions this long line of innocent people who suffered extensively due to Valens with
another of Valens’ “glorious exploits”, namely sparing a man called Numerius. Ammianus calls
Numerius an incomparably wicked and cruel man, who admitted to, and was convicted of,
cutting open the womb of a living woman and removing her unborn child. He did this in order
to raise the dead and consult them about a change in the empire. However, Valens looked on
him with a friendly eye, and so he walked free with life, wealth, and rank intact.253
Ammianus caps his damning account of this particular incident by expounding on the
proper role of the ruler; the care for the welfare of others. So much suffering could have been
averted had only Valens learned this lesson. A good ruler must keep his power in check, resist
unbridled passion, desire, and rage, and reflect long and earnestly before making decisions
regarding the life and existence of a human being. He even quotes the example of the dictator
Caesar, who said that the recollection of cruelty is a wretched support for old age.254 He directly
Ammianus Marcellinus, 29.1.24: Et quoniam addici post cruciabiles poenas uidimus multos ut in tenebrosis
rebus confusion cuncta miscente summatim, quia nos penitissima gestorum memoria fugit, quae recolere
possumus, expeditious absoluemus.
251
Ammianus Marcellinus, 29.1.27: Constituto itaque iudicio et cognitoribus praescripta ostentantibus legume,
sed ex uoluntate dominantis moderantibus momenta causarum horror peruaserat uniuersos. Totus enim deuius
ab aequitate dilapsus iamque eruditior ad ledendum in modum arenariae ferae, si admotus quisquam fabricate
diffugisset, ad ultimam rabiem saeuiebat.
252
Ammianus Marcellinus, 29.2: Multi in oriene ueneficiorum et aloiorum criminum rei delati damnatique, pars
iure, pars iniuaria iugulantur
29.2.3: Et ne uel coniugibus maritorum uacaret miserias flere, immittebantur confestim, qui signatis domibus inter
scrutinia superllectilis patris addicti incantamenta quaedam anilia uel ludibriosa subderent amatoria ad
insontium perniciem concinnata. Quibus in iudicio recitatis, ubi non lex, non religio, non aequitas ueritatem a
mendaciis dirimebat, indefensi bonis ablates nullo contacti delixto promiscue iuuenes aliique membris omnibus
capti ad supplicia sellis gestatoriis ducebantur.
253
Ammianus Marcellinus, 29.2.17: Accesserat hoc quoque eodem tempore ad Valentis ceteras laudes, quod, cum
in aliis ita saeuiret infeste, ut poenarum maiores aegre ferret finiri cum morte Dolores, Numerium tribunum,
malitia quendam exsuperantem, isdem diebus conuictum confessumque, quod exsecto uiuae mulieris uentre atque
intempestiuo partu extracto infernis minibus excites de permutation imperii consulere ausus est, familiaritatis
contuitu ordine omni mussante abire iussit illaesum salute et inuidendas opes et militia statum integrum
retenturum.
254
Ammianus Marcellinus, 29.2.18: O praeclara informatio doctrinarum munere caelesti indulta felicibus, quae
uel uitiosas naturas saepe excoluisti! Quanta in illa cligine temporum correxisses, si Valenti scire per te licuisset
nihil aliud esse imperium, ut sapientes definiunt, nisi curam salutis alienae bonique esse moderatoris restringere
potestatem, resistere cupiditati omnium rerum et implacabilibus iracundiis nosseque, ut Caesar dictator aiebat,
miserum esse instrumentum senectuti recordationem crudelitatis ideoque de uita et spiritu hominis, qui pars mundi
250

75

verbalizes many of the narrative themes he has worked on throughout the extant books of Res
gestae. This role of a proper emperor can be construed as a veiled allusion to Julian, as he
embodied them as no one else in the narrative of the extant books. There is, in a manner of
speaking, a narrative culmination following the death of Julian; Ammianus begins directly and
clearly contrasting the values he has propagated within the narrative to the, according to him,
inferior emperors. On a narrative level, Ammianus sowed these seeds in the earlier extant
books, watched them flower through Julian, and following his demise directly compares the
weeds that followed to him.
Following the death of Valentinian at the end of the thirtieth extant book, Ammianus
begins foreshadowing the death of Valens and other disasters.

255

Narratively he begins

foreshadowing the death of Valens further away from the actual death than he has done
previously, meaning the narrative is again running ahead of the action.
After foreshadowing disaster and calamity, Ammianus proceeds to describe the Huns
and Alans, leading to how they displaced the Goths and caused the Goths to ask to be allowed
to settle in Roman territory, crossing the Danube. Ammianus paints the amount and movements
of these refugees in highly dramatic terms, claiming they were destined to overthrow the Roman
Empire and bring about the destruction of the Roman world. 256 While Ammianus presumably
exaggerated the amount of Goths, likening it almost to an entire people on the move, it was
unquestionably a substantial flow of different Gothic tribes. Dedicating a chapter to the Huns
and Alans, although mostly disparaging, gives him further credibility and makes him look
informed on this issue.
Further exacerbating the situation were those put in charge of managing the situation
on the Roman side, Lupicinus and Maximus. Both were reckless and prone to sinister and

est et animantium numerum complet, laturum sententiam diu multumque cunctari oportere nec praecipiti studio,
ubi irreuocabile factum est, agitari, ut exemplum est illud antiquitati admodum notum.
255
Ammianus Marcellinus, 31.1: Caedis Valentis Augusti et cladis a Gothis inferendae prodigia.
256
Ammianus Marcellinus, 31.2: De Hunorum et Alanorum aliarumque Scythiae Asiaticae gentium sedibus et
moribus.
31.3: Huni Alanos Tanaitas armis aut pactis sibi adiungunt Gothosque inuadunt ac suis sedibus pellunt.
31.4: Pars maior Gothorum cognomine Theruingorum finibus suis expulsa permissu Valentis a Romanis
transportatur in Thraciam obsequium et auxilia pollicita. Greuthungi quoque, pars altera Gothorum, furtim
ratibus Histrum transeunt.
31.4.5: Hacque spe mittuntur diuersi, qui cum uerhiculis plebem transferant truculentam. Et nauabatur opera
diligens, ne qui Romanam rem euersurus relinqueretur uel quassatus mobo letali.
31.4.6: Ita turbido instantium studio orbis Romani pernicies ducebatur.
31.5: Theruingi fame et inopia pressi ac pessime habiti ducibus Alauiuo et Fritigerno a Valente deficiunt ac
Lupicinum cum suis fundunt.

76

treacherous greed. The Goths crossing the Danube were starving, so Lupicinus and Maximus
collected all the dogs they could find and exchanged each of them for a slave. Among the people
taken were the sons of chieftains.257 To put it shortly; the narrative makes clear that the
mismanagement and purposeful neglect of the situation by the aforementioned pair exacerbated
an already difficult and tense situation, and eventually led to conflict and battle across Thrace.
The discontent was widespread, and the situation continued to escalate. Ammianus proceeds to
describe the ravages, chaos, and cruelty of the war in Thrace, but also includes mentions of
wars in other locations, underlining the narrative of an empire in chaos. This notably includes
multiple military successes for Gratian elsewhere, which vexed Valens. Eager to achieve
victories and glories of his own, Valens, instead of waiting a short time for Gratian to reinforce
him, let himself be egged on by flatterers and courtiers, and engaged in battle with the rebel
Goths at Adrianople. Severe mistakes were made, and in an utterly catastrophic and historical
defeat for the Roman Empire, the battle ended with Valens dead and the core Roman army of
the eastern Empire destroyed.258
In describing the good qualities of Valens, Ammianus highlights that he was a faithful
and reliable friend who maintained proper and strict discipline in the military and civil service.
He was extremely slow at making appointments and removing officials, but showed fairness
when dealing with the provinces. He wanted to lighten the burden of tribute, and treated

Ammianus Marcellinus, 31.4.9–11: Per id tempus nostri limitis reseratis obicibus atque ut Aetnaeas fauillas
armatorum agmina diffundente barbaria, cum difficilies necessitatum articuli correctores rei militaris poscerent
aliquos claritudine gestarum rerum notissimos, quasi lauo quodam numine deligente in unum quaesiti potestatibus
praefuere castrensibus homines maculosi, quibus Lupicinus antistabat et Maximus, alter per Thracias comes, dux
alter exitiosus, ambo aemulae temeritatis. Quorum insidiatrix auiditas materia malorum omnium fuit. Nam, ut alia
omittamus, quae memorati uel certe sinentibus isdem alii perditis rationibus in commeantes peregrinos adhuc
innoxios deliquerunt, illud dicetur, quod nec apud sui periculi iudices absoluere ulla poterat uenia triste et
inauditum. Cum traducti barbari uictus inopia uexarentur, turpe commercium duces inuisissimi cogitarunt et,
quantos undique insatiabilitas colligere potuit canes, pro singulis dederant mancipiis, inter quae quidam ducti
sunt optimatum.
258
Ammianus Marcellinus, 31.8.7–8: Tunc erat spectare cum gemitu facta dictum uisuque praedira, attonitas metu
feminas flagris concepantibus agitari fetibus grauidas adhuc immaturis, antequam prodirent in lucem, impia
tolerantibus multa, implicates alios matribus paruulos et puberum audire lamenta puellarumque nobelium,
quarum stringebat fera captiuitas manus. Post quae adulta uirginitas castitasque nuptarum ore abiecto flens
ultima ducebatur mox profanandum pudorem optans morte licet cruciabili praeuenire. Inter quae cum beluae ritu
traheretur ingenuus paulo ante diues et liber, de te Fortuna ut inclementi querebatur et caeca, quae eum puncto
temporis breui opibus exutum et dulcedine caritatum domoque extorrem, quam concidisse uidit in cinerem et
ruinas, aut lacerandum membratima ut seruiturum sub uerberibus et tormentis crudo euouisti uictori.
31.10: Lentienses Alamanni a Gratiani Augusti ducibus proelio superati rege Pirario etiam interfecto et post
deditionem datis Gratiano tironibus domum redire permissi.
31.12: Valens Augustus ante aduentum Gratiani cum Gothis pugnare constituit.
31.13: Gothi omnes in unum coniuncti, nimirum Theruingi ductu Fritigerni regis et Greuthungi ducibus Alatheo
et Safrace, cum Romanis acie instructa confligunt et fuso equitatu pedites nudatos atque confertos ucm maxima
strage in fugam coniciunt. Valens occisus nusquam comparuit.
257

77

corruption and embezzling harshly. Ammianus even claims Valens is remembered more fondly
than most other emperors in the East because of his diligence against corruption. 259 This
description has little to no support from the earlier narrative, and highlights how selectively
Ammianus has constructed his narratives. It is clear that Ammianus actively chose to include
certain aspects of Valens’ character and actions, and in doing so excluded others. Consequently,
the narrative portrayal and the action is occasionally unsynchronized. Of course, considering
the previously mentioned example of Numerius, who walked away unpunished from his brutal
act due to Valens looking at him with a friendly eye, Ammianus’ comment about Valens being
a faithful and reliable friend could be construed as a veiled or satirical jab. The narrative
ambiguity continuously reinforces what a manipulative and allusive author Ammianus can be,
underlining the active role he had in creating and shaping these subjective and didactic
narratives.
Following the ambiguous list of positive traits, Ammianus lists the negatives. Valens
was a boorish, ignorant, cruel, and greedy man who was unwilling to endure fatigue, despite
affecting toughness. He was blood-thirsty and willing to further himself at the expense and
suffering of others. He refused to allow the law and judges to operate independently and fairly,
forcing them to adhere to his will and pleasure. He was prone to listening to any charge and
whisper, never attempting to discern truth from fact.260 This is significantly more in line with
the narrative and actions preceding his death, which highlighted the negative actions and
emphasized the negative traits. Consequently, the portrayal is skewed, and by discreetly
inserting actions ahead of the eulogy that arguably rebut any eventual positive aspects of
Valens, the narration and action are out of sync. This gives all positive traits listed the
appearance of a satirical takedown. Considering also the comment from Ammianus that brevity
or conciseness is only to be lauded when it “breaks off ill-timed discursiveness, without
Ammianus Marcellinus, 31.14.2: Amicus fidelis et firmus, ultor acer ambitionum, seuerus militaris et ciuilis
disciplinae corrector, peruigil semper et anxius, ne quis propinquitatem eius praetendens altius semet efferret,
erga deferendas potestates uel adimendas nimium tardus, prouinciarum aequissimus tutor, quarum singulas ut
domum propriam custodibat indemnes, tributorum onera studio quodam molliens singulari, nulla uectigalium
admittens augmenta, in adaerandis religquorum debitis non molestus, furibus et in peculatu deprehensis iudicibus
inimicus aspet et uehemens. Nec sub alio principe in huiusmodi negotiis melius secum actum esse meminit oriens.
260
Ammianus Marcellinus, 31.14.5: Magnarum opum intemperans appetitor, laborum impatiens, duritiamque
magis affectans immanem, in crudelitatem procliuior, subagrestis ingenii, nec bellicis nec liberalibus studiis
eruditus, alienis gemitibus libenter emolumenta fructusque conquirens tuncque magis intolerabilis, cum incidentia
criminal ad contemptam uel laesam principis amplitudinem trahens in sanguinem saeuiebat et dispendia
locupletum. Illud quoque ferri non poterat, quod, cum legibus lites omnes quaestionesque committere uideri se
uellet destinatisque uelut lectis iiudicibus negotia spectanda mandabat, nihil agi contra libidinem suam patiebatur,
iniuriosus alia et iracundus et criminantibus sine differentia ueri uel falsi facillime patens, quae uitiorum labes
etiam in his priuatis cotidianisque rationibus impendio est formidanda.
259

78

detracting at all from an understanding of the course of events”261, it begs the question why he
seemingly left significant parts out, and decided to include what he did. The text is far from
unbiased and objective, as Ammianus claimed. He still maintains his abject honesty throughout,
writing in the 31st book that scrupulous honesty is the duty of every writer of history. 262 The
ending of the narrative of Valens at the end of the extant books is somewhat akin to the narrative
of Gallus in the beginning; there is some narrative disconnect. The action and the narration are
not always synchronized, and Ammianus appears to be leaving leeway to interpret his text in
multiple ways.

3.2 Morals and values
The moralizing aspect of the narratives in Res gestae is significant, as it is another way the
author appears in the narrative and influences opinion. His opinions and values permeate the
text, inadvertently or outright, differing somewhat between Ammianus occupying his firstperson narrative persona and his persona as a historian. This chapter focuses on certain narrative
threads that run throughout the work, often used to differing effect in the narratives of the
imperial male characters. Ammianus frequently ties this to the woes of the empire and indirectly
laments the disappearance of old Roman values (as showcased in the eulogies of the emperors),
and as such it is another example of a created and subjective narrative at the root of the work.
It further enhances the didactic and reactionary character and function of the work, again linking
to historia magistra vitae.
A prominent fault Ammianus has found in most emperors is excess and proclivity
towards violence and abuse. It continues through all the extant books, serving as a central
narrative that spotlights how essentially all emperors, save Julian, are unworthy and
contributing to the decline of the empire. Their proclivity to violence and abuse attracts bad
subordinates, who are empowered to act and not punished as they should for their
transgressions. This causes a ripple effect, often with tangible and harmful outcomes, further
harming and weakening the empire. Considering Ammianus’ military background, ascetic
values, and concern for the direction of the empire, it can be assumed that this did not please
him. Given the narrative weight and importance of these issues, and how strongly they tie into
the narrative of the previously discussed imperial males, they are treated more specifically

See footnote 106 (page 27) for full quote.
Ammianus Marcellinus, 31.5.10: Et quoniam ad has partes post multiplices uentum est actus, id lecturos, si qui
erunt umquam, obtestamur, ne quis a nobis scrupulose gesta uel numerum exigat peremptorum, qui comprehendi
nullo genere potuit. Sufficiet enim ueritate nullo uelata mendacio ipsas rerum digerere summitates, cum
explicandae rerum memoriae ubique debeatur integritas fida.
261
262

79

under their own heading. Ammianus frequently connects the violent and abusive traits of the
emperors to their subordinates as well, highlighting another contributing factor that weakens
the empire.
Concerning bad subordinates, eunuchs take a prominent role in the narrative and are
specially singled out. The following chapter will explore Ammianus’ clear bias against them,
and analyze what narrative purpose he might be using them for. Ammianus using a whole subset
of people for narrative criticism is a clear subjective expression in a work supposedly free of
bias. How, why, and where eunuchs appear are strongly tied to the narratives of the imperial
males as well.
3.2.1 Eunuchs
The emergence of the previously mentioned aristocracy and concentration of power around the
emperor led to eunuchs being a recurring fixture in the administration of Constantius, something
much maligned by Ammianus Marcellinus. David S. Potter claims that the fact that eunuchs
per definition were slaves, had meaningful access to the emperor, and were castrated, which
separated them from the usual social lives and rooms of the nobility, gave them a unique
position of power. By mastering the complex levers of government they could outdo people
from the traditional aristocracy, whilst simultaneously creating a symbiotic relationship with
the emperor, on whom they relied for their positions. He, in turn, could trust them more than
others,263 which presumably also contributed to them being a source of intense unease among
more traditionally-minded circles.
As will be outlined, Ammianus Marcellinus makes it abundantly clear that he loathes
eunuchs, and is against their existence and influence in the halls of power (and rather in
general). Whilst this in itself is a clear sign of bias, the reason for this chapter is primarily to
show that he tethers eunuchs and their general existence and influence to the administration, as
well the issues plaguing the Roman Empire. He constructs a narrative where they are frequently
linked to the ills plaguing the administration and society in general, both as causes and
symptoms, as well taking every opportunity to account for their in his view physical, mental
and moral shortcomings, making clear that they are not to be trusted. Connecting physical
attributes with their character like Ammianus does, exclusively in a negative sense, could be
viewed as an example of physiognomics as well. Those Ammianus links to the eunuchs, such
as Constantius, usually get their share of criticism by proxy as well.

263

David S. Potter, The Roman Empire at Bay, 457–468.

80

The first reference to eunuchs in the extant books comes in combination with a
reference to queen Semiramis, when Ammianus Marcellinus claims that the sight of eunuchs
and their misshapen and mutilated bodies would make anyone curse the memory of her, whom
he claims was the first to castrate young men and thus doing violence to the course of nature.264
A while afterwards he follows it with a noteworthy example of the one eunuch who is not utterly
detestable, Eutherius. Ammianus even praises him, claiming that:
[t]he subject prompts me to add a few facts about this same Eutherius, perhaps hardly to be
credited, for the reason that if a Numa Pompilius or a Socrates should give any good report of
a eunuch, and should back their statements by a solemn oath, they would be charged with
having departed from the truth. But among brambles roses spring up, and among savage beasts
some are tamed.265

Whilst it is perhaps not the most ringing endorsement, the contrast when compared to all other
eunuchs in Res gestae is striking. Extolling his virtues and giving a short biography of
Eutherius, Ammianus further writes of Eutherius having a good conscience and being loved by
all classes, which stands in contrast to other eunuchs who, according to Ammianus, gather
wealth through dubious means and then hide in the darkness from the people they have
wronged. Ammianus even writes that in his research, searching through records of the past, he
could find no eunuch to compare Eutherius to, and that while there have been some very few
who have showed loyalty and virtue, they were all stained in another way.266 This somewhat
ambiguous praise certainly clarifies how he feels about eunuchs, but noteworthy is the context
that caused Ammianus to praise Eutherius at all. He had displayed loyalty to Julian, and had
been crucial in his defense when Julian, according to Ammianus, was the object of a plot.267 In
other words, there are special circumstances that afforded Eutherius special respect. Tougher
also highlights the fact that Ammianus linked the good eunuch with the good emperor, and the

Ammianus Marcellinus, 14.6.17: […] postrema multitude spadonum a senibus in pueros desinens, obluridi
distortaque lineamentorum compage deformes, ut quaqua incesserit quisquam, cernes mutilorum hominum
agmina, detestur memoriam Samiramidis reginae illius veteris, quae teneros mares castravit omnium prima, velut
vim iniectans naturae, eandemque ab instituto cursu retorquens, quae inter ipsa oriundi crepundia, per
primigenios seminis fontes, tacita quodam modo lege vias propaganda posteritatis ostendit.
265
J.C. Rolfe, Ammianus Marcellinus I, 16.7.4: Res monuit super hoc eodem Eutherio pauca subserere, forsitan
non credenda, ea re quod si Numa Pompilius vel Socrates bona quaedam dicerent de spadone, dictisque
religionum adderent fidem, a veritate descivisse arguebantur. Sed inter vepres rosae nascuntur, et inter feras non
nullae mitescunt, itaque carptim eius praecipua, quae sunt comperta, monstrabo.
266
Ammianus Marcellinus, 16.7.7–8: Unde factum es tut subinde Romam secedens, ibique fixo domicilio
consenescens, comitem circumferens conscientiam bonam, colatur a cunctis ordinibus et ametur, cum soleant id
genus homines post partas ex iniquitate divitias latebras captare secretas, ut lucifugae vitantes multitudinis laesae
conspectus. Cui spadonum veterum hunc comparare debeam, antiquitates complures invenire non potui. Fuerunt
enim apud veteres (licet oppido pauci) fideles et frugi, sed ob quaedam vitia maculosi.
267
Ammianus Marcellinus, 16.7: Iulianus Caesar a praeposito cubicula sui Eutherio apud imperatorem defenditur
aduersus Marcellum; et laus Eutherii.
264

81

other bad eunuchs to the bad emperor.268 Another noteworthy aspect is Ammianus highlighting
both indirectly, e.g. through his reference to Semiramis, as well as directly that he has actively
researched the issue, building up his own authority and lending credibility to the narrative he is
actively creating. It is a further example of him forging links between different events and
people, actively stringing them together, imbuing it with meaning that it does not have on its
own. In a manner of speaking, he presents it as if these are the things and stories that he has
found, and by emphasizing his failure to find for example a single historical example that would
refute these stories, he is downplaying the role his own creation plays in this context.
Ammianus continues his scathing criticism of eunuchs during the rest of Res gestae,
often associating them with greed and avarice in particular. He states clearly that eunuchs
always are cruel and bitter, and because they lack other offspring they embrace wealth with the
love that otherwise should be afforded to children.269
It is unclear how much direct contact Ammianus Marcellinus actually had with
eunuchs, except with some notable exceptions like Eutherius. However, what is clear is that he
is deeply biased against them. Shaun Tougher also claims Ammianus narrative use of eunuchs
as a group amounts to scathing criticism towards Constantius II and his court. Not only does
Ammianus paint a picture of eunuchs as influential and frequent in the court, they also serve as
a comment on the general condition of the Roman Empire.270 According to Tougher, this
recurring fixation on and attacks against eunuchs by Ammianus is a question that has not been
given enough attention, and which has been disregarded by referring to general bias against
eunuchs. Tougher, however, connects Ammianus’ passionate bias and the impulses that even
made him research eunuchs and their role in history to a more personal level, which is his
concern that eunuchs have been spreading all around the empire, bringing their moral decay
that now not only characterize the court, but the empire as a whole.271 The central theme here
is that Ammianus used eunuchs to criticize social and political developments, an interpretation
that a close reading of Res gestae affirms. The subjectivity of Res gestae is abundantly clear in
this context.

Tougher, ”Ammianus and the Eunuchs,” 62.
Ammianus Marcellinus 18.5.4: […] auctore et incitatore coetu spadonum, qui feri et acidi semper, carentesque
necessitudinibus ceteris, divitias solas ut filiolas iucundissimas amplectuntur.
270
Shaun Tougher, “Ammianus and the Eunuchs,” The Late Roman World and Its Historian. Interpreting
Ammianus Marcellinus, eds. Drijvers & Hunt, 57.
271
Tougher, “Ammianus and the Eunuchs,” 60–63.
268
269

82

For Ammianus, eunuchs appear to have characterized the rot taking hold at the top.
Ammianus frequently included and belittled them in the narrative, and used them to excoriate
certain subjects or individuals by proxy. Upon becoming sole Augustus, Ammianus describes
how Julian drove all the eunuchs, barbers, and cooks from the palaces, as well as ruminating
on the vices of the eunuchs of the court and the corruption of military discipline.272 Ammianus
neatly summarizes his opinions on the matter; while it might have been commendable if Julian
kept those of good character, few though they were, most of these people represented such a
hotbed of all vices that they corrupted the state and did harm by their bad example.273 It is a
clear and concise narrative portrayal of Julian clearing out the rot. The narrative of the eunuchs
again ties into proper old Roman values, which they abjectly do not represent, and imperial
one-man rule, where the character of the emperor is paramount to the success of the empire. As
such, eunuchs are conspicuously absent from the narrative and reign of Julian. However, they
are mentioned again during the reign of Valens, signaling what kind of emperor he was. 274 In
other words, they also serve as discreet narrative markers. The rot began creeping back in after
Julian perished.
Another noteworthy insertion of eunuchs into the narrative comes when Ammianus is
going through the demise of Gallus and lamenting the fickleness of fortune, who had struck
down many a noteworthy men after raising them up. He then proceeds to list some of these,
again showcasing his knowledge as well as invoking some particular exempla, mentioning
Pompey (pointedly mentioning that Pompey had earned the cognomen Magnus), who was
brought down at the behest of eunuchs.275 Pompey was previously mentioned in the chapter
about Julian, when Ammianus was comparing those who plotted against and disparaged
Pompey to those who did the same against Julian. That reference was chronologically later in
Ammianus Marcellinus, 22.4: Eunuchos omnes et tonsores ac coquos palatio expellit Iulianus Augustus et de
palatinorum spadonum uitiis ac de corrupta disciplina militari.
273
Ammianus Marcellinus, 22.4.2: Laudari enim poterat, si saltem moderatos quosdam licet paucos retinuisset
morumque probitate compertos. Namque fatendum est pleramque eorum partem uitiorum omnium seminarium
effusius aluisse ita, ut rem publicam infecerint cupiditatibus prauis plusque exemplis quam peccandi licentia
laederent multos.
274
Ammianus Marcellinus, 30.4.2: Ob haec similia concordi consensu dehortantibus multis maximeque Modesto
praefecto praetorio regionarum arbitrio spadonum exposito et subagreste ingenium nullius uetustatis lectionibus
expolitum coacto uultu fallente et asserente, quod infra imperiale columen causarum essent minutiae priuatarum,
ille ad humilitandam celsitudinem postestatis negotiorum examina spectanda instituisse arbitrates, ut monebat,
abstinuit penitus laxauitque rapinarum fores, quae roborabantur in dies iudicum aduocatorumque prauitate
sententiam paria, qui tenuiorum negotia militaris rei rectoribus uel intra palatium ualidis uenditantes aut opes
aut honores quaesuere praeclaros.
275
Ammianus Marcellinus, 14.11.32: eaden Mancinum post imperium dedidit Numantinis, Samnitum atrocitati
Veturium et Claudium Corsis substruitque feritati Carthagninis Regulum; istius iniquitate Pompeius post
quaesitum Magni ex rerum gestarum amplitudine cognomentum ad spoadnum libidinem in Aegypto trucidatur.
272

83

the extant books, and it is a noteworthy example of the micronarratives that Ammianus include
in his work. In this case, eunuchs brought down a great man, to the detriment of the empire.
The narrative link between Pompey and Julian is clear, and so is the purpose of eunuchs in the
text. Considering also the previously discussed narrative that Ammianus created about
Constantius, and Ammianus’ decision to at length feature the role of eunuchs in the court of
Constantius in the narrative, eunuchs have a clear narrative function. Ammianus tethers the
eunuchs firmly to Constantius, again reinforcing that Constantius is the foil to Julian. Michael
Hanaghan emphasized a further intertextual allusion between Constantius and the eunuchs;
namely that it portrays them both as unable to control their emotions.276 Considering the
emphasis Ammianus has already placed on Julian’s strict discipline and control, the narrative
contrast is clear.
While it is difficult to try to clearly separate between what could be Ammianus’ own
bias and disgust, as opposed his use of eunuchs as a narratological tool, these are not mutually
exclusive, and as such it is not necessarily a problem. Ammianus strings together a narrative of
different (named and unnamed) eunuchs, mixing their alleged actions with the supposed general
character of their kind. The absolute only exception was the one who was linked to Julian.
Presumably there have also been other eunuchs active in his orbit or throughout history who
have done no harm, so selectively choosing the examples that he does and constructing a
narrative that can be interpreted this way clearly showcases a certain storytelling invention.
The narrative he creates around eunuchs essentially implies that they are a pestilence and
nuisance weakening the empire, and excising them could alleviate the problem. Those who are
empowering eunuchs deserve the same treatment.
3.2.2 Authority and abuse
As was previously established, Ammianus created a narrative that underlines the importance of
the power and authority at the top. This aligns with power and authority more strongly
coalescing around the emperor during the fourth century, and that he no longer relied on the
traditional aristocracy in the same manner.277 This in itself does not appear to have bothered
Ammianus, as he has, as previously shown, disparaged and dismissed the traditional aristocracy
on numerous occasions, and appears to be propagating a return to one-man imperial rule
throughout Res gestae. However, the character and abilities of the person in charge was, as

Michael Hanaghan, “A Metaliterary Approarch to Ursicinus’ Outburst (Amm. Marc. 20.2.4)”, Philologus
162, no. 1 (2018), 122.
277
See “chapter 2.2: Social and political context” for information.
276

84

established, a clear concern for him. Given the military power and importance of the emperor,
and how crucial this was to the very fabric of the empire, it is paramount that the ruler is worthy.
If there is a rot at the top it trickles down, and bad power attracts bad subordinates. This chapter
focuses on certain moralizing aspects of Ammianus’ work, more specifically his portrayal of
different kinds of abuse. This pertains to how his subjectivity is showcased, as well as the
purpose behind creating those narratives.
The abuse of (as well as lack of proper) authority covers multiple fields; notably
torture, judicial malpractice, and violence. These issues have been briefly touched upon in the
chapters concerning the emperors, but given that Ammianus weaves it into all the narratives in
different ways a more substantial conversation is required to analyze Ammianus’ narrative use
of these themes. On issues such as torture, which Ammianus seems to have varying attitude
about, he focuses on the recipient and the justification. As will be shown, Ammianus appears
to have a matter-of-fact and no-nonsense attitude towards torture in general. What is striking is
how and when he justifies it, and whether he deems it done with proper cause. As such, torture
is used to further a narrative about misuse of power and political maneuverings in the court,
which affects the empire and also occasionally outright affects ordinary citizens. When
someone is sentenced to torture by Julian, Ammianus often does not challenge this. This is
doubly true if the victims are not Roman citizens, but barbarians or other “hostile” groups. It is
possible part of the reason Ammianus does not seem particularly bothered in those instances is
precisely because it does not affect Roman citizen, and he deems it justified to employ such
methods against non-citizens, but it is also possible it stems from who ordered it and for what
purpose. Seeing as he often and strongly directs criticism towards Gallus and Constantine for
their misuse of power by highlighting torture and violence it would be narratologically unsound
to link that to his superiors, such as Julian, whom he is constructing a very different narrative
about and for whom these misuses of power serves as a foil to showcase the righteousness of
his rule.
The use of torture, especially against members of the bureaucracy, and how vicious
the infighting between different officials was, seems to have reached a new height during this
era. This more frequent use of torture within court and Constantius’ orbit does not seem to align
with the values of Ammianus, because he portrays it as frequently being the result of political
maneuvering, grabs for power, and plain abuse of power in the court teeming with eunuchs

85

whispering in the receptive ears of the emperor, and seeking only to advance themselves. 278
Potter further underlines that the consequences of these interdepartmental intrigues, as well as
the demise of Gallus, was to strengthen the position of Constantius, because ultimately he
served as the arbitrator between these disputes within his administration, whilst simultaneously
being willing to erratically move people around in the administration.279 By directing these
people at each other, and switching them out as he pleased, it also made it harder for them to
work against him like they otherwise might have been able to. This further underlines the
centralization of power, and the degree to which people depended on his goodwill, which means
the character, temperament and abilities of the emperor are crucial. Through the power they
wield they can heap abuse on people and harm the empire at will. Ammianus even states
outright that Constantius employed excessive torture to provide circumstances that were
invested, or at best uncertain, an appearance of authenticity.280 A person like Ammianus, with
his background in the military and who clearly valued order and systematic leadership, would
presumably find this kind of chaotic intrigue and pitched battles for power together with the
brutal use of violence as frustrating and ultimately damaging to the Roman Empire. Later, when
discussing the cruelties of Valens, Ammianus claimed that it would be better for the innocents
who were tortured to have lost even ten lives in battle, rather than suffer the punishment for
alleged treason. He describes them as falsely accused and their bodies as lacerated and
mutilated, something worse than death.281 False accusations being acted upon as a result of the
actions and temperaments of the emperors, resulting in innocents being savagely tortured and
killed, are given such prominence in the narrative that it is clearly something Ammianus felt
strongly about.
The narrative juxtaposition between Julian and the other emperors concerning how
they wielded their imperial authority is clear: Ammianus pointedly describes Julian’s
meticulous, fair, and occasionally mild behavior on judicial matters. He was admirably patient
Potter, The Roman Empire at Bay, 470.
Potter, The Roman Empire at Bay, 472.
280
Ammianus Marcellinus, 21.16.8: Dinumeratis carptim bonis, quae scire potuimus, nunc ad explananda eius
uitia ueniamus. Cum esset in negotiis aliis principibus mediis comparandus, si affectatae dominationis amplam
quondam falsam repperisset aut leuem, hanc sine fine scrutando fasque eodem loco ducens et nefas Caligulae et
Domitiani et Commodi immanitatem facile superabat, quorum aemulatus saeuitiam inter imperandi exordia
cunctos sanguine et genere se contingents stirpitus interemit.
281
Ammianus Marcelllinus, 26.10.13: Haec implacabilitas causae quidem piissimae, sed uictoriae foedioris
innocents tortoribus exposuit multos uel sub eculeo locauit incuruos aut ictu carnificis torui substrauit; quibus, si
pateretur natura, uel denas animas profundere praestabat in pugna, quam lateribus fodicatis omni culpa immunis
fortunis gementibus uniuersis quasi laesae maiestatis luere poenas dilaniatis ante corporibus, quod omni est
tristius morte.
278
279

86

and gave every man his due. He occasionally erred and asked someone what religion they
professed to follow, but Ammianus quickly claims that no one can find a decision made by
Julian that flew in the face of evidence, or that he was biased because of someone’s religion.
There were, in fact, so many mild and just decisions made by Julian on the bench that
Ammianus feels it is enough to just mention one.282 Ammianus repeated insistence that Julian
never judged anyone wrongly or harshly because of their religion is a curious thing to emphasis,
especially as he has to admit that Julian banned Christians from teaching rhetoric and
literature.283 In that particular case, Julian also failed to properly wield his authority and
accordingly diminished his legacy, although Ammianus devotes significant time in the narrative
to mitigate the criticism by drowning it out in positives. Furthermore, under Julian, the rampant
abuse and torture Ammianus decidedly weaves into the narratives of the other emperors is
conspicuously absent, and Julian punishes wrongdoers instead of empowering them.
Ammianus includes several prominent examples of how bad power attracts bad
subordinates, and the trickle-down effect this has. The abuse of authority directly impacts the
empire and ordinary citizens. This has previously been exemplified by e.g. Silvanus, but
Ammianus includes other, more direct, examples. He singles out some prominent individuals
and associates them and their actions with the imperial characters, tying their abuse directly to
the emperors. One such is Paulus “Catena” (the Chain), a notarius whom Ammianus describes
as a viper. Paulus was sent Britain to fetch officers who had apparently dared to conspire with
Magnentius in the civil war between him and Constantius. While there he exceeded his
instructions and began wreaking havoc on the population and imprisoning freeborn based on
flimsy excuses.284 This echoes the behavior of Gallus, who was similarly empowered by
Ammianus Marcellinus, 22.10: Antiochiae hiemans Iulianus iura reddit nec quemquam propter religionem
grauat.
22.10.1-2: Ibi hiemans ex sententia nullis interim uoluptatibus parebat aut illecebris, quibus abundant Syriae
omnes, uerum per speciem quietis iudicialibus causis intentus non minus quam arduis bellicisque, quibus
distrahebatur multiformibus curis, exquisite docilitate deliberans, quibus modis suum cuique tribueret iustisque
sententiis et improbi modicis coercerentur suppliciis et innocents fortunis defenderentur intactis. Et quamquam in
disceptando aliquotiens erat intempestiuus, quid quisque iurgantium coleret, tempore alieno interrogans, tamen
nulla eius ddefinitionlitis a uero dissonans repperitur nec argui umquam potuit ob religionem uel quodcumque
aliud ab aequitatis recto tramite deuiasse.
283
Ammianus Marcellinus, 22.10.5: Sufficiet autem pro multis, quae clementer egit in litibus cognoscendis, hoc
unum ponere nec abhorrens a proposito nec absurdum.
22.10.7: Post multa enim etiam iura quaedam correxit in melius ambagibus circumcises indicantia liquid, quid
iuberent fieri uel uetarent. Illud autem eras inclemens obruendum perenni silentio, quod arcebat docere magistros
rhetoricos et grammaticos ritus Christiani cultores.
284
Ammianus Marcellinus, 14.6.1: Inter quos Paulus eminebat notarius ortus in Hispania glaber quidam sub uultu
latens, odorandi uias periculorum occultas perquam sagax. Is in Britanniam missus, ut militares quosdam
perduceret, ausos conspirasse Magnentio, cum reniti non possent, iussa licentius supergressus fluminis modo
fortunis complurium sese repentinus infudit et ferebatur per strages multiplices ac ruinas uinculis membra
ingenuorum affligens et quosdam obterens manicis criminal scilicet multa consarcinaudo a ueritate longe discreta.
282

87

Constantius. Ammianus especially singles out the fact that Paulus set his sights on Martinus,
who was governing those provinces at the time. Martinus apparently felt deeply for the suffering
of the innocents and begged Paul to release them, and when this failed threatened to retire unless
Paulus stopped. Paulus responded to these attempts to stop his slaughter and abuse by
threatening to bring Martinus in chains before the emperor’s court, whereupon Martinus,
fearing imminent death, attacked Paulus. However, due to the weakness of his hand he was
unable to deliver a fatal blow, and thus apparently plunged the sword into his own side instead.
So perished according to Ammianus a most just governor who had lightened the unhappy lot
of many. Paulus, stained with blood, subsequently returned to court with his innocent prisoners,
most of whom suffered torture, exile, slavery or death. Rounding this out Ammianus claims it
is difficult to bring anyone to mind who was acquitted during the reign of Constantius after
even so much as a whisper against him.285 The actions of Paulus and the consequences these
had are firmly linked to Constantius, and Ammianus seems to primarily place the blame on
Constantius. The rot started at the top and empowered other rotten actors to act with impunity,
with innocent people taking the hit from this gross neglect of duty. The narrative Ammianus is
building is clearly laying out the supposed deficiencies of Constantius and his entire court,
linking this to and at the same time exemplifying it by the actions of people who rely on
Constantius for authority and power. Judicial malpractice features strongly, and the torture of
innocents is a recurring theme. In short, it is a gross abuse of power and authority with a
detrimental effect on the empire. The social system and the laws that upheld it were under siege.
Paulus makes a later appearance in the narrative, pursuing treason trials based on
(according to Ammianus) faked charges in the town of Scythopolis in Palestina. It was secluded
and positioned between Antioch and Alexandria, from where most prisoners were brought.
Paulus’ first instinct, expertise, and joy still lay in torture, and did not shy away from falsely

Ammianus Marcellinus, 14.6.7–9: Martius agens illas prouincias pro praefectis aerumnas innocentium
grauiter gemens saepeque obsecrans, ut abi omni culpa immunibus parceretur, cum non impetraret, minabatur se
discessurum, ut saltem id metuens perquisitor maleuolus tendem desineret quieti coalitos homines in aperta
pericula proiectare. Per hoc minui stadium suum existiamans Paulus, ut erat in complicandis negotiis artifex
dirus, unde ei Catenae indutum est cognomentum, uicarium ipsum eos, quibus praeerat, adhuc defensantem ad
sortem periculorum communium traxit. Et instabat, ut eum quoque cum tribunus et aliis pluribus ad comitatum
imperatoris uinctum perduceret; quo percitus ille exitio urguente abrupto ferro eundem adoritur Paulum. Et quia
languente dextera letaliter ferire non potuit, iam destrictum mucronem in proprium latus impegit. Hocque deformi
genere mortis excessit e uita iustissimus rector ausus miseabiles casus leuare multorum. Quibus ita sceleste
patratis Paulus cruore perfusus reuersusque ad principis castra multos coopertos paene catenis adduxit in
squalorem deiectos atque maestitiam, quorum aduentu intendebantur eculei uncosque parabat carnifex et
tormenta. Et ex iis proscripti sunt plus actique in exsilium alii, nonnullos gladii consumpsere poenales. Nec enim
quisquam facile meminit sub Constantio, ubi susurro tenus haec mouebantur, quemquam absolutum.
285

88

accusing people in order to keep doing it. In a fit of fury over a specific case, Constantius
conferred upon Paulus the authority to have cases brought to court at will, causing him to purse
this foaming at the mouth at all the possibilities to do harm. He does this with gusto, essentially
setting up a kangaroo court; accusing, torturing, and passing sentence on people completely
arbitrarily.286 Through Constantius conferring power and authority upon Paulus, people from
Britain all the way to Egypt were unjustly imprisoned, tortured, enslaved, and murdered. It is a
clear example where abuse of authority had a detrimental effect on the empire, something
Ammianus fastens on to repeatedly in Res gestae.
The link between subordinates and emperors is made abundantly clear in the 22nd
extant book, when Constantius has recently died and Julian is in power. A multitude of different
bad actors, including Paulus, went in front of a tribunal. Paulus was burnt alive, and Ammianus
states he met the fate one must have hoped for. However, Ammianus also states that some
adherents of Constantius were punished unjustly, but Ammianus excuses this on account of
Julian’s lack of confidence or lack of awareness of how things should be done.287 However, it
is still yet another narrative portrayal of a righteous emperor righting the wrongs of his

Ammianus Marcellinus, 19.12: Laesae maiestatis multi arcessiti atque damnati.
19.12.5: Ex his aliqua ad imperatorem maligne sunt missa, qui, ut erat angusti pectoris, obsurdescens in aliis
etiam nimium seriis in hoc titulo ima, quod aiunt, auricular mollior et suspicax et minutus acri felle concaluit
statimque ad orientem ocius ire monuit Paulum postestate delata, ut instar ducis rerum experientia clari ad
arbitrium suum audiri efficeret causas.
19.12.7: Perrexit, ut praeceptum est, Paulus funesti furoris et anhelitus plenus dataque calmniae indulgentia
plurimis ducebantur ab orde prope terrarum iuxta nobiles et obscuri, quorum aliquos uinculorum afflixerant
nexus, alios claustra poenalia consumpserunt. Et electa est spectatrix suppliciorum feralium ciuitas in Palaestina
Scythopolis, gemina ratione uisa magis omnibus opportune, quod secretior et inter Antiochiam Alexandriamque
media, unde multi plerumque ad criminal trahebantur.
19.12.13: Et hos quidem aliosque paucos aequa sors ueritatis adiutrix periculis exemit abruptis. Criminibus uero
serpentibus latius per implicates nexus sine fine distentos quidam corporibus laniatis exstinguebatur, alii poenis
ulterioribus damnati sunt bonis ereptis Paulo succentore fabularum crudelium quasi e promptuaria cella
fallaciarum et nocendi species suggerente complures, cuius ex nutu, prope dixerim, pendebat incidentium omnium
salus.
287
Ammianus Marcellinus, 22.3: Constantiani quidam pars iure, pars iniuria damnantur.
22.3.1-3: Breui deinde Secundo Salutio promoto praefecto praetorio summam quaestionum agitandarum ut fido
commisit Mamertino et Arbitione et Agilone atque Neuitta adiunctis itidemque Iouino magistro equitum per
Illyricum recens prouecto. Qui omnes transgressi Calchedona praesentibus Iouionorum Herculianorumque
principiis et tribunis causas uehementius aequo bonoque spectauerunt praeter paucas, ubi ueritas reos
nocentissimos offerebat. Et Palladium primum et magistro officiorum in Britannos exterminarunt suspicione tenus
insimulatum quaedam in Gallum composuisse apud Constantium, dum sub eodem Caesare officiorum esset
magister.
22.3.9: Ideoque timidus uidebatur uel parum intellegens, quod conueniret, cum Arbitionem semper ambiguum et
praetumidum his quaestionibus praefecisset, aliis specie tenus cum principiis legionum praesentibus, quem
primum omnium saluti suae norat obiectum, ut decuit uictoriarum ciuilium participem fortem.
22.3.11: Apodemium enim ex agente in rebus, quem in Siluani necem et Galli effrenatius arsisse docuimus,
Paulumque notarium cognomento Catenam cum multorum gemitu nominandum uiuos exustos, qui sperari debuit,
oppressit euentus.
286

89

predecessors, this time pointedly no longer abusing authority and instead punishing those that
did. Further considering Julian banishing the eunuchs and similar elements, Ammianus has
portrayed both groups and individuals as either corrupting elements or the results of such, and
now he weaves those narrative threads together to portray an emperor both resisting and actively
removing such elements, to the benefit of the empire.
Further continuing the theme of torture, violence, and judicial malpractice, a chunk of
the narrative of Valentinian concerns trials and executions at Rome for sorcery, fornication, and
adultery.288 Despite the emperors not directly appearing, Ammianus clearly wants to connect
the narratives of these subordinates to those who empowered them. For example; Ammianus
singles out a man called Maximinus, formerly the vice-prefect of Rome, who managed to
scheme and deceive his way into being appointed pro-prefect of Rome by Valentinian. This
empowered Maximinus to commit brutal and merciless acts, too many to relate. Ammianus
compares him to the wild beasts in the amphitheater who break free from their cages. Ammianus
then goes through a rather long list of people, including senators and the head of the mint, who
were imprisoned, tortured, exiled, or sentenced to death on arbitrary grounds. 289 Maximinus
was eventually even promoted to the rank of praetorian prefect, one of the highest civil offices
of the empire. His cruelty continued unabated, and he continued to do harm from a distance like

Ammianus Marcellinus, 28.1: Multi, etiam senators so senatorii generis feminae, Romae ueneficiorum,
stuprorum et adulteriorum accusantur et supplicio afficiuntur.
289
Ammianus Marcellinus, 28.1.5: Maximinus regends quondam Romae uicariam praefecturam […]
28.1.10: Accepta igitur nocendi material Maximinus effudit genuinam ferociam pectori crudo affixam, ut saepe
faciunt amphithreathrales ferae diffcractis tandem solutae posticis.
28.1.11-12: his ille cognitis efferatus, ur erat uitiorum inimicus acer magisquam seuerus, uno proloquio in
huiusmodi causas, quas arroganter proposito maiestatis imminutae miscebat, omnes, quos iuris prisci iustitia
diuorumque arbitria quaestionibus exemere cruentis, si postulasset negotium, statuit tormentis affligi. Utge
congeminata potestas erectaque sublatius altiores consarcinaret aerumnas, Maximio Romae agere disposito pro
praefectis sociauit ad haec cognoscenda, quae in multorum pericula struebantur, Leonem notarium, postea
officorum magistrum, bustuarium quendam latronem Pannonium efflantem ferino rictu crudelitatem, etiam ipsum
nihilo minus humani sanguinis auidissimum.
28.1.16: Tunc Cethegus senator adulterii reus delatus ceruice perit abscisa et Alypsius nobilis adolescens ob leuem
relegates errorem aliique humiles publica morte oppetiuerunt; in quorum miseriis uelut sui quisque disciminis
cernens imaginem tortorem et uincula somniabat et diuersoria tenebrarum.
28.1.26: Circa hos dies Lollianus, primae lanuginis adolescens, Lampadi filius ex praefecto, exploratius causam
Maximino spectante conuictus codicem noxiarum atrium nondum per aetatem firmato consilio descripsisse
exsulque mittendus, ut sperabatur, patris impulse prouocauit ad principem et iussus ad eius comitatum duci de
fumo, ut aiunt, in flammam traditus Sphalangio, Baeticae consulari, cecidit funesti carnificis manu.
28.1.28: Nec minus feminae quoque calamitatum participes fuere similum. Nam ex hoc quoque sexu peremptae
sunt originis altae complures, adulteriorum flagitiis obnoxiae uel stuprorum. Inter quas notiores fuere Claritas et
Flauiana, quarum altera, cum duceretur ad mortem, indumento, quo uestita erat, abrepta ne uelamen quidem
secreto membrorum sufficiens retinere permissa est. ideoque carnifex nefas admississe conuictus immane uiuus
exustus est.
28.1.29: Paphius quin etiam et Cornelius senators ambo uenenorum artibus prauis se polluisse confessi eodem
pronuntianto Maximino sunt iterfecti. Parti sorte etiam procurator monetae exstinctus est.
288

90

a basilisk.290 It boils down to gross abuse of power and authority, and continues the theme of
bad power attracting bad subordinates. It brings context to why Ammianus during the eulogies
of the previous emperors continuously discussed the care they took (or did not take) in making
appointments. However, as previously evidenced by e.g. Constantius and Paulus “the Chain”,
any care shown did not necessarily translate into good decisions if the emperor had a faulty
character.
Maximinus appears later in the narrative, continuing to cause to havoc and misery.
Valentinian’s burning resolve to secure the frontiers led to him ordering the erection of a fortress
in the territory of the Quadi (a Germanic people). He treated this territory as subject to Roman
authority, overextending his authority. The Quadi, while resentful and grumbling, did not take
military action or exacerbate the situation, but the fortress was still delayed and difficult to
build. However, Maximinus, always looking for a chance to do wrong, managed to get his son
appointed general with the promise that he would get the fortress erected. Being his fathers’
son, he managed to provoke a war with the Quadi by luring their king to dinner and, violating
the sacred laws of hospitality, having him murdered. This very nearly led to the daughter of
Constantius, who was en route to marry Gratian, being captured by the Quadi as well, something
Ammianus felt would have been a deeply shameful embarrassment for the empire. 291 The
narrative thus links Valentinian, and by extension his son, to the turmoil and tragedies stemming
from that conflict.
Ammianus’ moralizing tendencies and creation of subjective narratives are again
showcased through authority and abuse, especially considering how clearly he again contrasts
Julian to the other emperors. It is presumably yet another case of Ammianus’ being selective

Ammianus Marcellinus, 28.1.41: Post haec praegresso Leone acceptoque successore ad principis comitatum
Maximinus accitus auctusque praefecture praetoriana nihilo lenior fuit, etiam longius nocens ut basilisci serpents.
291
Ammianus Marcellinus, 29.6.3: sed Maximinus in omne auidus nefas et genuinos mitigare nequiens flatus,
quibus praefecturae accesserat tumor, increpabat Equitium, per Illyricum eo tempore magistrum armorum, ut
peruicacem et desidem necdum opere, quod maturari dispositum est, consummato addebatque ut consulens in
commune, quod, si paruo suo Marcelliano deferretur potestas per Valeriam ducis, munimentum absque ulla
causatione consurgeret. Utrumque mox est impetratum. Qui promotus profectusque cum uenisset ad loca,
intempestiue turgens ut filius nullis affatibus delinitis his, quos numquam temptatae cupiditatis figmenta regionum
suarum facieban textorres, opus paulo ante inchoatum aggreditur admissa copia refragandi suspensum. Denique
Gabinium regem, ne quid nouaretur, modeste poscentem, ut assensurus humanitate simulata cum aliis ad
conuiuium corrogauit, quem digredientem post epulas hospitalis officii sanctitate nefarie uiolata trucidari
securum effecit.
26.6.7: Euenisset profecto tunc inexpiabile scelus numerandum inter probrosas rei Romanae iacturas; Paulo enim
afuit, quin filia caperetur Constanti cibum sumens in publica uilla, quam appellant Pristensem, cum duceretur
Gratiano nuptura, ni fauore propitii numinis present Messala prouinciae rector eam iudiciali carpento impositam
ad Sirmium uicensimo sexton lapide disparatum cursu reduxisset effuso.
290

91

with what he includes and how he does it, tilting the narrative further in the favor of Julian and
the ideal he represents.

3.3 Religion
Religion is a highly significant factor in Res gestae, and as showcased influenced the both the
emperors themselves, as well as the narratives Ammianus created. Julian being the last nonChristian emperor is difficult to divorce from how he was portrayed, although Ammianus was
likely extremely careful in his approach.
The importance of religion in society has been underlined multiple times in this thesis
already, being intrinsically linked with political and financial influence and power. The
importance of “proper” state funded, practiced, and celebrated cults for Ammianus and pagans
in general has also been raised,292 all the more noteworthy considering that there is little to no
evidence of official Roman paganism surviving the fourth century.293 This pagan decline can
also be seen in Res gestae, and evidently Julian was also aware of this himself. This is evidenced
by Ammianus explicitly detailing that Julian in order to win the favor of the many and hamstring
his opposition pretended to adhere to Christianity, which he in secret had long since abandoned,
even attending a service in church to conceal this.294 In Res gestae, Julian did not openly
espouse paganism until later on, when his position as Augustus was more secure.295 Navigating
this reality after Julian had met his end could for Ammianus presumably have meant walking a
tightrope between his own convictions and the changing dynamic of society, of raising up the
last pagan emperor of Rome whilst navigating a more Christian dynamic.
The depth and variety of religious polemic in the Res gestae can be exemplified by the
seemingly throwaway about Constantius not eating fruit after his death. There has been some
debate about that line in particular, with some arguing that excessive consumption of fruit was
a sign of gluttony, or arguing that it could be the result of for example an allergy, although

Rike, Apex Omnium, 27; Cameron, The Last Pagans of Rome, 78.
Cameron, The Last Pagans of Rome, 74, 168. Cameron clarifies that this does not reference individual
paganism, but that the “formal apparatus of the state cults as administered by the various priestly colleges was
gone”.
294
Ammianus Marcellinus, 21.2.4: utque omnes nullo impediente ad sui fauorem illiceret, adhaerere cultui
Christiano fingebat, a quo iam pridie occulte desciuerat arcanorum particibus paucis huspicinae auguriisque
intentus et ceteris, quae deorum semper fecere cultores. Et ut haec interim celarentur, feriarum die, quem
celebrantes mense Ianuario Christiani Epiphania dictitant, progressus in eorum ecclesiam sollemniter numine
orato discessit.
295
Ammianus Marcellinus, 22.5: Iulianus Augustus cultum deorum antae dissimulatum palam et libere profitetur
et Christianorum episcopos inter se comittit.
292
293

92

David Rohrbacher disputes this.296 He instead posits that it may have religious connotations,
noting that Ammianus already praised Constantius for his chaste lifestyle and moderation when
it came to eating. Rohrbacher links this to typical forms of Christian renunciation, which
Ammianus in this case might have recast in order to avoid mention of Christianity.297
Rohrbacher analyzed the often acrimonious social and religious context and rhetoric involving
paganism, Manicheism, Arianism, as well as other Christian offshoots, concluding that
Ammianus appears to have employed Christian polemic for pagan purposes, using it to attack
a Christian emperor.298

Correct or not it goes to show the importance of context in

understanding how interactive, allusive and manipulative Ammianus could be as a writer. The
narratives he created could, as shown, be exceedingly discreet and hard to understand without
proper understanding and context. For the right audience, even a seemingly throwaway line
about Constantius not eating fruit could be understood in a nuanced manner.
Alan Cameron singles out animal sacrifice as something Christians particularly
opposed, and many of the decrees and laws passed by Gratian and Theodosius also targeted
animal sacrifice in particular.299 This makes it all the more noteworthy that one of the few
critiques of Julian by Ammianus is his excessive sacrificing, 300 bringing into question the
veracity of the comments by Ammianus. Considering that the overall narrative surrounding and
tone towards Julian, and his paganism, is almost exclusively positive, it is an example that
stands out. One explanation could be that Ammianus also simply found Julian’s excessive
sacrificing distasteful, signifying a potential widespread shift in contemporary opinion
regarding animal sacrifice even among pagans. The rising dominance of Christianity, and their
strong dislike of and campaigning against the practice, could have influenced this. Another
explanation is that Ammianus is carefully navigating contemporary social and religious
opinion, conforming to this view due to the fact that a full throated endorsement of Julian and
his plentiful sacrificing would not only lead to backlash from potential readers but also confirm
the worst suspicions of Julian’s critics. By conceding some points to the detractors of Julian in
this particular context Ammianus builds up his own credibility as a writer and a source on Julian
in particular, which means his words when praising Julian could carry more weight and nuance
David Rohrbacher, “Why didn’t Constantius II eat fruit?” in The Classical Quarterly New Series 55, no. 1
(2005), 324.
297
Rohrbacher, “Why didn’t Constantius II eat fruit?”, 324–325.
298
Rohrbacher, “Why didn’t Constantius II eat fruit?,” 326.
299
Cameron, The Last Pagans of Rome, 65-79
300
Ammianus Marcellinus, 25.4.17: Linguae fusioris et admodum raro silentis, praesagiorum sciscitationi miniae
deditus, ut aequiperare uideretur in hac parte principem Hadrianum, superstitiosus magis quam sacrorum
legitimus obseruator, innumeras sine parsiominia pecudes mactans […]
296

93

as well. Figuratively throwing Julian under the bus on the matter of religion could thus be one
of the most effective ways of achieving this.
As established, the overall narrative of Julian is highly positive. For Ammianus to
concede points on issues such as animal sacrifice might thus not be too much of a stretch, and
might aid in rehabilitating the reputation of Julian the Apostate, which is yet another
manipulative and interactive move. This is further exemplified by e.g. E. D Hunt, where he
analyses Ammianus’ portrayal of Julian’s temple restoration project, most notably his attempt
at rebuilding the Jewish Temple in Jerusalem. Hunt here points out that Ammianus’ account is
striking in that he does not even mention or go near the religious implications of what Julian is
attempting, namely reviving the Jewish cult in Jerusalem and in the process dislodging
Christianity from its prominent and central place in Jerusalem that it had acquired during the
reign of Constantine.301 Considering the narrative already surrounding Julian, Ammianus
hardly needs to explicitly endorse his actions, but if Ammianus was writing in a more
dominantly Christian context, and was trying to defend or salvage the reputation of Julian from
incoming fire from Christian authors, it would hardly be conductive to explicitly confirm their
worst fears or rub their noses in it. Alan Ross proposes a further dynamic influencing the
treatment of religion, namely that it was Ammianus conservative reaction to Christian writers
deploying satire against new targets,302 which presumably included Julian. As such, Ammianus
would be rather hamstrung by and reacting to contemporary opinion in his portrayal of Julian,
and it further highlights what could be described as the somewhat reactionary nature of the text.
Hunt also highlights the “[...] preference for secular over ecclesiastical interpretations”303 in
Res gestae, which could very well stem from the fact that Ammianus is actively but discreetly
coaching the narrative around Julian (and perhaps paganism in general) to the less destructive
option. This also works within the framework of Hayden White and serves as an example of
how different events can be linked together in a specific manner, not to mention the previously
mentioned point of every narrative being based on the exclusion of sets of events that could
have been included.304 Motific characterization is also a prominent feature here, given the
dynamic Ammianus chose to exclude. 305

E. D. Hunt, ”Christians and Christianity in Ammianus Marcellinus,” in The Classical Quarterly. 35, no. 1
(1985), 194.
302
Ross, “Ammianus, Traditions of Satire and the Eternity of Rome”, 370.
303
Hunt, ”Christians and Christianity”, 194.
304
Hayden White, The Content of the Form, 10.
305
Hayden White, Metahistory, 5-7.
301

94

As previously discussed, Julian banned Christians from certain professions, and
clearly attempted to dismantle the rising Christian hegemony. Ammianus earlier repeated
insistence that Julian did not on any occasion judge anyone more harshly for their religion
despite inappropriately asking about it fits oddly into the narrative as well, signaling that it may
have been a point of contention. The narrative of Julian, as told by Ammianus, is so clearly in
favor of Julian that his specific defenses of Julian speak volumes, and so do his silences.

3.4 The city of Rome and political centers
On an administrative and geopolitical level the Tetrarchy led to some enduring changes, and
one of the more significant for the narratological analysis is that the administrative division of
the empire had led to the center of power definitively being moved from the city of Rome.306
Ammianus clearly fastened on to this, as the city of Rome features prominently in Res gestae,
and a significant number of digressions specifically concerns Rome. It is a notable narrative
technique, because Constantinople, the “New Rome”, was founded by Constantine in 324
CE.307 While the status of the city developed somewhat haltingly,308 by the time Res gestae was
written the political center had definitively moved from Rome. Given that Constantine’s
personal conversion to Christianity led to the Roman state’s adoption of the religion, 309 there
are clear religious connotations in the dynamic, which could help explain conspicuous centering
of Rome in the narrative.
In the extant books, only Constantius II actually spends time in the city of Rome, albeit
briefly. Further considering the established prevalence of Julian in Res Gestae, and that he was
from the eastern part of the empire, and never set foot in Rome, the lengths Ammianus go to in
order to bring Rome into the narrative stand out. During late antiquity, the status of any “capital”
was pro tempore and dependent on imperial presence, as the idea of Rome being wherever the
emperor is was especially prevalent during this time.310 That Ammianus continues to not only
center the city in the narrative is peculiar, especially as prominent political centers such as
Constantinople, Sirmium, Mediolanum (Milan), Nicomedia, and Augusta Treverorum (Trier)
are not given similar prominence in the narrative. Given that Ammianus wrote his history to
Potter, The Roman Empire at Bay, 360–362.
Lucy Grig & Gavin Kelly, “Introduction: From Rome to Constantinople,” in Two Romes, Rome and
Constantinople in Late Antiquity, eds. Lucy Grig & Gavin Kelly (Oxford: Oxford University Press, 2012), 3.
308
Brian Coke, ”Reinventing Constantinople: Theodosius I’s imprint on the imperial city” in From the Tetrarchs
to the Theodosians: Later Roman History and Culture, 284-450, eds. Scott McGill, Cristiana Sogno & Edward
Watts (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 2010), 241.
309
Grig & Kelly, “Introduction: From Rome to Constantinople”, 3.
310
Grig & Kelly, “Introduction: From Rome to Constantinople”, 6-7.
306
307

95

cover the period of 96 CE onwards, it is possible the prominence of Rome in the narrative is a
continuation of the role it played earlier in his history, although this is pure speculation.
Alan Ross underlines that for Ammianus, Rome remained the urbs aeterna and the
caput mundi, which ran counter to the political reality of the 4th century.311 Ross further makes
the case that many, if not most, of the digressions regarding Rome has a satirical character, and
links it to satire becoming increasingly popular amongst Christians. He claims Ammianus was
likely reacting in a conservative fashion against that, as they were deploying their satire against
new targets and removing the genre from its urban roots. By bringing the narrative gaze back
to Rome, and speaking about Roman affairs, he also drowned out his silences on Christian
Constantinople.312 This further highlights how intertwined the religious aspects potentially are
in every aspect of the work, including the urban spaces, as well as again underlining the need
for contextual information.
Although the religious undertones are presumably a part why Ammianus dedicated so
much attention to the city of Rome, it arguably serves a narrative purpose as well. During his
multiple digressions on Rome, Ammianus often begin by describing the character and defects
of the urban prefect, or whoever else is holding the power the moment, as well as repeatedly
excoriating the ruling class. The events at the jewel of the Roman Empire, as well as its decline,
is thus often attributed to either the inaction or exempla of whoever is in charge. In that sense,
it serves as a microcosm of the narrative he has created about the emperors and the empire as a
whole. Furthermore, it centers the city of Rome, where he presumably wrote Res gestae, in the
narrative, as well as showing specific (and possibly satirical) examples of the vices plaguing
Rome. He is, by extension, making comments on the state of the empire again. The city of
Rome is presumably also a more potent symbol for the decline of old Roman values and power
than Constantinople would be. Calling Rome the capital of the world, and leaning heavily on
its history, is a narrative tool, drawing a direct line between the state of the city, and its history.
Considering Ammianus’ frequent references to the late Republican era, and the values he
openly espouses, it is a link to “old school values”. As previously shown, Ammianus keenly
feels the disappearance of these is contributing to the state the empire was in.
Ammianus inserts digressions about Rome repeatedly throughout Res gestae. Early in
the 14th extant book, Ammianus placed the previously mentioned digression on the faults of the
311
312

Ross, ”Ammianus and Satire”, 369.
Ross, ”Ammianus and Satire”, 370.

96

senate and people of Rome,313 where he lays out how the grandeur, history, and glory of the
city is laid low due to the actions of its people. He placed that digression right in the middle of
him excoriating the rule of Gallus, and thus it serves an apt narrative vignette to exemplify his
points. In the 15th book, Ammianus describes the prefecture of Leontius following the death of
Silvanus and execution of his prominent followers, describing how he suppressed riots and
deposed a bishop.314 Leontius also demonstrated his excellence as a judge.315 Immediately
following that digression, Julian is appointed Caesar.316 In the 19th book Ammianus inserts a
digression about food riots at Rome, where the fear of famine caused the urban prefect to get
threatened with violence. However, the urban prefect managed to calm the rowdy crowd with
a sincere speech.317 This slightly precedes Julian making two different speeches to his troops,
inspiring and preparing them after having been “reluctantly” declared Augustus.318 In the 26th
book, shortly after Valentinian was proclaimed emperor, Ammianus includes a digression about
the urban prefecture of Apronian.319 Apronian was seriously concerned about magic and
sorcerers, and made it his mission to uproot and arrest these, although corruption and slackness
occasionally stymied these efforts.320 Considering that Ammianus proceeded to prominently

See page 50, footnote 187.
Ammianus Marcellinus, 15.6: Siluani amici et conscii necati.
15.7: A Leontio praefecto urbi populi R. seditiones repressae. Liberius episcopus sede pulsus.
315
Ammianus Marcellinus, 15.7.1: Dum has exitiorum communium clades suscitat turbo feralis, urbem aeternam
Leontius regens multa spectate iudicis documenta praebebat in audiendo celerior, in disceptando iustissimus,
natura beneuolus, licet auctoritatis causa seruandae acer quibusdam uidebatur et inclinatior ad damnandum.
316
Ammianus Marcellinus, 15.8: Iulianus Galli frater a Constantio Aug. fratre patrueli Caesar creatur ac
praeficitur Galliis.
317
Ammianus Marcellinus, 19.10: Plebs Romana inopiam frumenti metuens seditiones mouet.
19.10.1–2: Dum haec par uarios turbines in orientis extimo festinantur, difficultatem aduentantis inopiae
frumentorum urbs uerebatur aeterna uique minacissimae plebis famem ultimum malorum omnium exspectantis
subinde Tertullus uezabatur, ea tempestate praefectus, irrationabiliter plane; nec enim per eum steterat, quominus
tempore congruo alimenta nauibus ueherentur, quas maris casus asperiores solitis uentorumque procellae
reflantium delatas in proximos sinus introire portum Augusti discriminum magnitudine perterrebant.
318
Ammianus Marcellinus, 20.5: Iulianus Augustus contionem habet ad milities.
21:5: Iulianus Augustus milites suos alloquitur et in uerba sua uniuersos adigit Constantio Augustu bellum
illaturus.
319
Ammianus Marcellinus, 26.3: De Aproniani praefectura urbana Romae.
320
Ammianus Marcellinus, 26.3.1–3: Dum haec in oriente uolubiles fatorum explicant sortes, Apronianus regens
urbem aeternam, iudex integer et seuerus, inter curarum praecipua, quibus haec praefectura saepe sollicitatur, id
primum opera curabat enixa, ut ueneficos, qui tunc rarescebant, captos postque agitates quaestiones nocuisse
quisbusdam apertissime confutatos indicates consciis morte multaret atque ita paucorum discrimine reliquos, si
qui laterent, formidine parium exturbaret. Haec egisse ideo efficaciter fertur, quod Iuliani promotus arbitrio
agentis etiamtum per Syrias in itinere unum amiserat oculum, suspicatusque artibus se nefariis appetitum iusto
quidem, sed inusitato dolore haec et alia magna quaeritabat industria. Unde quisbusdam atrox uisus est in
amphithraetrali curriculo undatim coeunte aliquotiens plebe causas discipicens criminum maximorum. Denique
post huiusmodi uindicata complura Hilarinum aurigam conuictum atque cofessum uixdum pubescentem filium
suum uenefico tradidisse docendum secretiora quaedam legibus interdicta, ut nullo conscio adminiculis iuuaretur
internis, capitali animaduersione damnauit. Qui laxius retinente carnifice subito lapsus confugit ad ritus
Christiani sacrarium abstractusque exinde ilioca abscisa ceruice consumptus est.
313
314

97

include the prosecution of sorcery and magic in the narratives of the reigns Valentinian and
Valens, it is another narrative link. In the 27th book, Ammianus devotes another digression to
events at Rome.321 He describes the urban prefects who followed Apronian, some of whom,
such as a man called Lampadius, was frequently disturbed by riots and mismanagement.322
Lampadius’ successor has problems with religious violence, due to the competition for the
episcopal throne becoming bloody. Ammianus further claims the powerful and wealthy in the
city might become truly happy if they stopped paying attention to the greatness of the city,
which they use a cloak for their vices, and embrace a frugal lifestyle.323 Narratively, this
coincides with Valens turbulent reign, which as previously established was plagued by excess
and violence, and the empire coming under renewed pressure at the frontiers.324 In the 28th book,
he dedicates a chapter to the aforementioned trials and executions at Rome for sorcery. This
precedes the trials and executions at Antioch that Valens presided over. The unlawful
executions and torture at Rome are described by Ammianus as a blot on the fair face of the
Eternal City,325 which ties heavily into the previously treated abuse of authority. It exemplifies
the narrative ties that Ammianus methodically created between these different people and
events, and how he skillfully weaves them together to create a nuanced and highly critical
narrative. Ammianus dedicates another digression to the vices of Roman society in the 28th
book,326 during the prefecture of Olybrius. He had plenty of good qualities, but all of these were
overshadowed by a defect that was discreditable in a high official. He was a pleasure-seeker

Ammianus Marcellinus, 27.3: De III praefectis urbi: Symmacho, Lampadio et Viuentio. Sub eo Damasi et Vrsini
de episcopatu Romano contentiones.
322
Ammianus Marcellinus, 27.3.5: Aduenit post hunc urbis moderator Lampadius ex praefecto praetorio, homo
indignanter admodum usstinens, si, etiam cum spueret, non laudaretur ut id quoque prudenter praeter alios
faciens, sed nonnumquam seuerus et frugi.
27.3.8: Hic praefectus exagitatus est motibus crebris, uno omnium maximo, cum collecta plebs infima domum
eius prope Constantinianum lauacrum iniectis facibus incenderat et malleolis, ni uicinorum et familiarium
ueloci concursu a summis tectorum culminibus petita saxis et tegulis abscessisset.
27.3.11-12: Aduenit successor eius ex quaesitore palatii Viuentius, integer et prudens Pannonius, cuius
administration quieta fuit et placida copia rerum omnium fluente. Sed hunc quoque discordantis populi seditiones
terruere curentae, quae tale negotium excitauere. Damasus et Vrsinus supra humanum modum ad rapiendam
episcopi sedem ardentes scissis studiis asperrime conflictabant ad usque mortis uulnerumque discrimina
adiumentis utriusque progressis, quae nec corrigere sufficiens Viuentius nec mollire coactus ui magna secessit in
suburbanum.
323
Ammianus Marcellinus, 27.3.15: Qui esse poterant beati re uera, si magnitudine urbis despecta, quam uitiis
opponunt, ad imitationem antistitum quorundam prouncialium uiuerent, quos tenuitas edendi potandique
parcissime, uilitas etiam indumentorum et spercilia humum spectantia perpetuo numini uerisque eius cultoribus
ut puros commendant et uerecundos. Hactenus deuiasse sufficient, nunc ad rerum ordines reuertamur.
324
Ammianus Marcellinus, 27.1: Alamanni fusis acie Romanis Chariettonem et Seuerianum comites interficiunt.
325
Ammianus Marcellinus, 28.1.36: Per haec et alia simili maerore deflenda, quae decolorabant speciem urbis
aeternae, grassabatur per strages multiplices fortunarum homo cum gemitu nominandus ultra forenses terminos
semet extentans.
326
Ammianus Marcellinus, 28.4: De Olybrii et Ampelii praefectura urbana et de uitiis senatus populique Romani.
321

98

whose private life verged on the luxurious, and dedicated significant amount of time to women.
It is a lengthy digression, and Ammianus excoriates both the nobility and commoners for their
gluttony, excess, corruption, ignorance and arrogance at length,327 which in many respects reiterates the points he made in the 14th book. This digression is situated during the reign of
Valentinian and Valens, notably not long after he dedicated an entire chapter to the cruelty,
savagery and irascibility of Valentinian,328 as well as the debauchery and excess that defined
their reigns. The trials at Rome and Antioch, where corruption and abuse were prominently
displayed, take place in the 28th and 29th books as well. In many respects, the digressions
concerning Rome serve as a microcosm and narrative vignette of the larger narratives
Ammianus constructs, exemplifying and supporting the points he makes about the empire as a
whole. It ties into the character and action of the rulers, how authority is wielded both in Rome,
how the actions of the emperor can directly affect the populace of this highly symbolical city
directly and indirectly, and how intertwined religion could be in all these contexts. Ammianus
uses the digressions about Rome to underline his social and political criticism, using the highly
symbolic setting of Rome for narrative purposes.

Ammianus Marcellinus, 28.4.2: Sed obnubilabat haec omnia uitium parum quidem nocens rei communi, sed in
alto iudice maculosum, quod citeriorem uitam paene omnen uergentem in luxum per argumenta scaenica
amoresque peregerat nec uetitos nec incestos.
28.4.6: Et primo nobilitatis, ut aliquotiens pro locorum copia fecimus, dein plebis digeremus errata incidentia
ueloci constringentes excessu.
28.4.12: Horum domus otiose quidam garruli frequentant uariis assentandi figmentis ad singula ulterioris fortunae
uerba plaudentes parasitorum in comoediis facetias affectando.
28.4.14–15: Quidam detestantes ut uenena doctrinas Iuuenalem et Marium Maximum curatiore studio legunt,
nulla uolumina praeter haec in profundo otio contrectantes, quam ob causam non iudicioli est nostri, cum multa
et uaria pro amplutudine gloriarum et generum lectitare deberent audientes destinatum poenae Socraten
coniectumque in carcerem rogasse quendam scite lyrici carmen Stesichiori modulantem, ut doceretur id agree,
dum liceret, interroganteque musico, quid ei poterit hoc prodesse morituro postridie, respondisse, ut aliqud sciens
amplius e uita discedat.
28.4.28: Nunc ad otiosam plebem ueniamus et desidem.
328
Ammianus Marcellinus, 27.7: Valentiniani Augusti iracundia, feritas et saeuitia
327

99

4 Summary and conclusion
In conclusion, Ammianus’ assertion that he has produced a work without conscious bias,
omissions, or falsehoods is highly questionable. Ammianus wrote with purpose and with the
benefit of hindsight; this is clear from e.g. comments he makes, and the fact that the narration
and action are often not synchronized. He is a highly allusive and manipulative author through
narrative focalization has created a work full of social and political criticism. He selectively
weaves different narrative threads together, and through a narratological analysis the
focalization of the text can be shown and understood in a manner that a biographical reading
does not allow. Older research disregarded the value of Res gestae as a source and the Latinity
of Ammianus precisely because of their biographical approach, as well as biased reading
stemming from their opinion on his Latinity.
The thesis leaned strongly on the narrative framework put forward by Hayden White.
The framework, although slightly adapted and expanded with the Classic field, was well suited
to analyze the structure and purpose of the narratives in Res gestae. These are strongly rooted
in both the background and character of Ammianus, as well as contemporary social, political,
and religious developments, which necessitates a contextual and historical overview. The
narrative focus of Res gestae is strongly focused on the imperial males, which links to the
centralization of power during the fourth century and the role of the emperor as a symbol for
the empire. Their character, prowess, religion, and actions are crucial to the well-being of the
Roman Empire. Hayden White emphasized certain narrative “questions”, e.g. the connecting
questions that make a story followable, and the questions dealing with the whole of the story.
Ammianus frequently used motific characterization in his narratives, and he clearly had a
purpose when writing his text. Concerning what the point of the text was, a clear central
narrative theme throughout the Res gestae is Ammianus propagating what a ruler should be
like, emphasizing certain character traits and behaviors. He links this strongly to the state of
affairs, as an emperor who was prone to violence, excess, cruelty, or averse to learning could
not provide proper leadership, thus causing harm to the empire. The character and virtues of the
emperor is linked to how he wields his authority and the effect this has on the empire, as well
as the people he surrounds himself with. An emperor who surrounds himself with eunuchs and
flatterers, lends them his ear, and empowers bad subordinates actively weakens or harms the
empire. Julian is the shining example, somewhat diminished by context of writing, but still
acting as an overarching narrative center that signals what is needed to restore the empire, or at
the very least avert utter disaster. The narrative also fragments following the death of Julian,
100

with the empire in turmoil and the emperors being unworthy successors of Julian. The narrative
corresponded to the turbulence engulfing the empire. Res gestae is a didactic and reactionary
response to the context of writing, serving as a blueprint for others to follow. In the vein of the
former masters, most notably Cicero, Ammianus has created a work highlighting the value of
learning from history.
The results of the thesis largely aligns with the broader conclusions similar research
has arrived at. John Weisweiler emphasized three different ways that modern research has
approached the narrative issues in Res gestae.329 Using the theoretical framework of Hayden
White, among others, this thesis clearly positions itself closest to the third view, namely that
there are signs of partisanship, and that Ammianus distorted facts due to his sympathies towards
e.g. Julian. All three approaches could conceivably be incorporated into the framework, like for
example the inability to create a consistent chain of events and how that influences the
“creation” of these stories. However, as has been argued throughout the thesis, the narrative
discrepancies are not necessarily merely the result of implicit bias, but a carefully structured
social and political commentary. It is a reactionary attempt at creating a didactic work by a
purposeful and manipulative author. This was already showcased concerning eunuchs and the
manner in which Ammianus weaves them into the narrative; the same principle can be applied
to all the narratives contained within Res gestae. It may be a sign of both implicit and explicit
bias, but they are also used as narrative leverage and criticism towards certain subjects. A biased
portrayal and a carefully constructed critical narrative are mutually exclusive.
Ammianus leans heavily on texts and exempla from especially the late Republican era,
as well as prominently highlighting certain values in his text. These old-school Roman virtues
have been lost by the people of Rome, and need to reclaim these in order for the empire to
recover. A work full of nuanced and historical allusions, as well as overlaying this with an
excoriating review of what the situation in the empire during the late fourth century CE,
strengthen his points. These require proper background and context to grasp, and need to be
understood in relation to each other. The subjects covered in the thesis do not encompass all
possible narratives or all the ways Ammianus has created a highly subjective and critical work;
the scope of that would simply be too large. Instead, the focus has been on the social and
political aspects and concerns, how Ammianus with purpose structured and wove these
together, resulting in an implicitly and explicitly subjective historical account.

329

See page 15, footnote 64.

101

Summary in Swedish - Svensk sammanfattning
Opus Ueritatem Professum – Narrativ, syfte, och metod i Ammianus Marcellinus Res
gestae
Ammianus Marcellinus (330–395 e.Kr.) var en romersk historiker som var aktiv under
tidsperioden som idag klassas som senantiken. Han författade ett omfattande historieverk på
latin, Res gestae. Det bestod ursprungligen av troligtvis 31 böcker, vilka behandlade tiden från
96 till 378 e.Kr. Idag återstår dock endast 18 av dem, vilka behandlar åren 353–378 e.Kr. Res
gestae är ett av de få idag kvarvarande litterära verken från tidsperioden i fråga som inte har en
kristen upphovsman, och diskussionen om dess källvärde har därför en speciell betydelse.
Ammianus Marcellinus färdigheter som författare och historiker, samt Res gestaes
källvärde, har diskuterats flitigt i flera århundraden. Diskursen har gått igenom olika skeden,
men under 1800- och tidiga 1900-talet ansågs Ammianus vara en undermålig författare i
jämförelse med sina klassiska föregångare. Det resulterade även i att Res gestaes källvärde
avfärdades. Under sent 1900-tal och under 2000-talet har Ammianus språkfärdigheter
identifierats och omvärderats, och uppfattningen om honom som författare och historiker
förändrats drastiskt. Idag betraktas han som en framstående historiker och en manipulativ
författare, som med hjälp av allusioner och ögonvittnesmål författade ett nyanserat historieverk
med stor betydelse.
Syftet med avhandlingen är att göra en narratologisk analys av de kvarvarande
böckerna av historieverket. Sedan 1980-talet har narratologi blivit ett allt vanligare och mer
framträdande redskap inom det klassiska fältet, och har bidragit till att synliggöra dimensioner
hos texter som en biografisk metod inte kan. Ammianus skriver i slutet av Res gestae att han
gjort sitt bästa för att skapa ett objektivt historieverk utan medvetna osanningar och
utelämnanden. Syftet med avhandlingen är därmed att med hjälp att narratologi analysera
huruvida det stämmer, eller om han använder Res gestae för att framföra social och politisk
kritik. Mer specifikt handlar det om hurudana narrativ han skapat, hur han skapat dem, och vad
deras syfte är. Det var en turbulent tid i Romarrikets historia, och det reflekteras troligtvis starkt
i texten. Hurdana problem han lyfter fram, och vad han föreslår kunde göras åt dem, är en röd
tråd genom analysen.
Avhandlingens metod och teori förankras i Hayden Whites Metahistory: The
Historical Imagination in Nineteenth-century Europa. Han har i det verket framlagt hur
historiker använder sig av narratologi för att nå sina mål. Han skiljer på ”berättelser” och
102

krönikor, där krönikor i princip närmast fungerar som en lista på händelser. De har med andra
ord ingen funktion, de är bara där. En berättelse är däremot organiserad och har en början, mitt,
och ett slut. Historikern karaktäriserar händelserna och ger dem innebörd. Samtidigt avfärdar
han idén om att en historiker ”hittar” sina berättelser, medan en skönlitterär författare ”hittar
på” sina. Han anser att det döljer rollen som ”uppfinning” har i historikerns arbete. Berättelser
väcker också frågor som historikern måste förutse och besvara, frågor som vad hände, hur det
hände, varför det hände på ett sätt istället för ett annat, och hur det slutade. Han skiljer också
mellan dessa frågor, som handlar om hur berättelsen hänger ihop, och frågor som berör det
slutgiltiga verket. Dessa frågor berör vad syftet med hela berättelsen är. En narratologisk analys
kräver också en kontextuell förankring, det vill säga bakgrund och kontext för att förstå
fenomen i berättelsen.
Avhandlingen har en tematisk disposition och fokuserar huvudsakligen på några
centrala narrativ som löper igenom hela historieverket. Mest framträdande är framställningen
och behandlingen av kejsarna, men Ammianus använder sig även av annat för att framhäva sina
poänger. Utöver kejsarna granskas därför hur eunucker, auktoritet och dess missbruk, religion,
och politiska center såsom staden Rom och Konstantinopel används i narrativa syften.
Ammianus lägger stor vikt på kejsarens karaktär och gärningar, och Julianus fungerar
i princip som huvudkaraktären i de kvarvarande böckerna av Res gestae. Hans tid som Caesar
och senare Augustus sträcker sig genom majoriteten av de kvarvarande böckerna, och efter hans
död fungerar han som jämförelseobjekt för de enligt Ammianus sämre kejsarna som regerade
efter Julianus. Genom att spjälka upp analysen om kejsarna i en del som fokuserar på Julianus
och en som fokuserar på alla andra framhävs Julianus centrala roll i narrativet. Ammianus
skapar ett fördelaktigt narrativ när det kommer till Julianus, där den nästan enda kritiken handlar
om vissa religiösa aspekter där Julianus enligt Ammianus går för långt. Som den sista hedniska
kejsaren som försökte återuppväcka och förstärka de hedniska religionerna kritiserades Julianus
starkt i kristna kretsar. Några årtionden efter Julianus död hade den kristna hegemonin redan
etablerats, och statsstödda hedniska religioner var i princip icke-existerande. Den sociopolitiska
och religiösa kontexten Ammianus var verksam i gör det troligt att han försökte uppnå en
balansgång där han försökte rehabilitera Julianus anseende, medan han samtidigt försökte spela
ner de mer kontroversiella aspekterna. Genom ledande kommentarer, fördelaktiga (och till viss
grad missvisande) förklaringar, historiska allusioner, och lovprisande anekdoter skapar
Ammianus ett subjektivt narrativ som är fördelaktigt för Julianus. Ett ytterligare syfte med det
är att skapa ett didaktiskt och moraliskt vägvisande verk för efterkommande kejsare, där också
103

”gamla romerska” värderingar är centrala. Undervisande och normskapande historieverk är
även något som Cicero, vars verk Ammianus uppvisar stor kunskap om och som han hänvisar
till upprepade gånger, redan under romerska republiken hade framhävt.
De övriga kejsarna, det vill säga Gallus, Constantius II, Jovianus, Valentinianus, och
Valens används på många sätt som motpoler till Julianus i narrativet. Jämförelserna är stundvis
direkta, men de innefattade kommentarerna i texten synliggörs genom den narratologiska
analysen. Deras gärningar, karaktärsdrag, och temperament gör dem ovärdiga som kejsare, och
resulterar ofta i att Romarriket försvagas eller tar skada. De används för att bygga upp Julianus,
samtidigt som Julianus används som ett narrativt inslag för att skoningslöst kritisera dem. Till
skillnad från Julianus låter de övriga kejsarna olika aktörer påverka dem och vrida deras sinnen,
vilket stundvis har förödande konsekvenser för både befolkningen och riket. Eunucker används
som ett påtagligt narrativt exempel på ruttna aktörer. De är både ett resultat av och symptom på
rikets och hovets nedgång och korruption, och de används för att i hårda ordalag kritisera i
synnerhet Constantius II. Dålig makt lockar även till sig dåliga underordnande, och de andra
kejsarna gör det möjligt för ruttna aktörer att agera i princip ohindrat. Det är missbruk av
auktoritet, och resultatet är bland annat att otaliga oskyldiga torteras, avrättas, förslavas, och
landsförvisas. Maktsträvan och politik resulterar även i att framstående och högt uppsatta
individer faller offer för det. Kejsarnas inflytande och makt är omfattande, och dålig makt
sipprar ner.
Inbakat i dessa narrativ är en religiös dynamik. Julianus var den sista hedniska
kejsaren, och Ammianus var av allt att döma också en anhängare av de hedniska religionerna.
Det syns i både värderingar och gärningar, och centralt är även att Ammianus författade Res
gestae i en överhängande kristen kontext. Hans tystnader och tvetydiga kommentarer på vissa
frågor är därför slående, samtidigt som parallella källor visar hur tydligt han försökt minimera
den religiösa polemiken och Julianus försök att begränsa kristendomens inflytande. Den
religiösa dimensionen är återkommande i narrativen i Res gestae.
Ammianus centrerar också staden Rom i narrativet. Han använder det som en
konkretisering och exemplifiering av stora delar av hans narrativa kritik – han framhäver
stadsprefekten och dess roll, befolkningens värderingar, och hur dessa påverkar staden och
samhället. Det kunde framställas som en narrativ teknik för att understryka och konkretisera
kritiken och poängerna som är inbakade i narrativet i resten av Res gestae.

104

Res gestae är med andra ord inte ett objektivt historieverk framställt utan medvetna
osanningar och utlämnanden, utan ett reaktionärt verk med normbildande och didaktisk syfte.
Han har skapat och vävt samman flertalet narrativa trådar, och riktar omfattande kritik mot
makthavarna och samhällsordningen. Han framhäver äldre traditionella värderingar, eftersom
han uppfattar att de nutida makthavarna och kejsarna, med undantag av Julianus, hänger sig åt
överflöd, lyx, och korruption.

105

Sources and Bibliography
Printed sources
Wolfgang Seyfarth. Ammiani Marcellini rerum gestarum libri qui supersunt, eds Wolfgang
Seyfarth, Liselotte Jacob-Karau and Ilse Ulmann, 2nd edition. Stuttgart and Leipzig: De
Gruyter, 1999.
John C. Rolfe, Ammianus Marcellinus I. Cambridge: Harvard University Press, 1982).
John C. Rolfe, Ammianus Marcellinus II: books XX-XXVI. Cambridge: Harvard University
Press, 1986).
John C. Rolfe, Ammianus Marcellinus III: books XXVII-XXXI. Cambridge: Harvard
University Press, 1986
Literature
Barnes, Timothy D. Ammianus Marcellinus and the Representation of Historical Reality.
Ithaca: Cornell University Press, 1998.
Bruce, I. A. F. “Theopompus and Classical Greek Historiography”, History and Theory 9, no.
1 (1970): 86–109.
Blockey, Roger. “Ammianus and Cicero: The Epilogue of the “History” as a Literary
Statement,” Phoenix 52, no. 3-4 (1998): 305–314.
Blockley, Roger. “Ammianus Marcellinus and His Classical Background: Changing
Perspectives”, International Journal of the Classical Tradition 2, no. 4 (1996): 455–466.
Cameron, Alan. The Last Pagans of Rome. Oxford, Oxford University Press, 2011.
Cicero, Marcus Tullius, K.W. Piderit, & Otto Harnecker. Cicero de Oratore. Amsterdam:
A.M. Hakkert, 1965.
Coke, Brian, ”Reinventing Constantinople: Theodosius I’s imprint on the imperial city” in
From the Tetrarchs to the Theodosians: Later Roman History and Culture, 284-450, eds.
Scott McGill, Cristiana Sogno & Edward Watts. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press,
2010
De Jong, Irene J. F. Narratology and Classics: A Practical Guide. Oxford: Oxford University
Press, 2014.
den Hengst, Daniël. “The Romanization of Julian” in Emperors and Historiography :
Collected Essays on the Literature of the Roman Empire by Daniël den Hengst, eds. D W P
Burgersdijk, and J A Van Waarden, 219-229. Leiden ; Boston: Brill, 2010.
Elton, Hugh. The Roman Empire in Late Antiquity: A Political and Military history,
Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 2018.
Friell, Gerard & Stephen Williams, Theodosius – Empire at Bay. London: Routledge, 1998.

106

Fornara, Charles W. “Studies in Ammianus Marcellinus: II: Ammianus’ Knowledge and Use
of Greek and Latin Literature.” Historia: Zeitschrift für Alte Geschichte 41, no. 4 (1992):
420–438.
Gibbon, Edward. The History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire, vol. 2. London:
W. Strahan and T. Cadell, 1781.
Goodman, Martin. The Roman World 44 BC-AD 180. London: Routledge, 1997.
Grethlein, Jonas. “Time, Tense, and Temporality in Ancient Greek Historiography.” Oxford
Handbooks Online, 2014. https://doi.org/10.1093/oxfordhb/9780199935390.013.43
Grig, Lucy & Gavin Kelly, “Introduction: From Rome to Constantinople,” in Two Romes,
Rome and Constantinople in Late Antiquity, eds. Lucy Grig & Gavin Kelly. Oxford: Oxford
University Press, 2012.
Hanaghan, Michael. “A Metaliterary Approarch to Ursicinus’ Outburst (Amm. Marc.
20.2.4)”, Philologus 162, no. 1 (2018), 112-136.
Harrison, Thomas. “Templum mundi totius: Ammianus and a religious ideal of Rome.” In The
Late Roman World and Its Historian: Interpreting Ammianus Marcellinus, eds. Jan Willem
Drijvers & David Hunt, 158–170. London: Taylor & Francis Group, 1999.
Heather, Peter. “Liar in Winter: Themistius and Theodosius.” In From the Tetrarchs to the
Theodosians: Later Roman History and Culture 284–450, eds. Scott McGill, Cristiana Sogno
& Edward Watts, 185–213. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 2010.
Heikkinen, Antero. Historiallisen Ajattelun Historia: Eurooppalainen Perinne Antiikista
Nykypäivään. Helsinki: SKS kirjat, 2013.
Hunt, E. D. ”Christians and Christianity in Ammianus Marcellinus,” in The Classical
Quarterly. 35, no. 1 (1985
Hunt, David & Jan Willem Drijvers, “Introduction: Text, commentaries and translations,” in
The Late Roman World and Its Historian: Interpreting Ammianus Marcellinus, eds. David
Hunt & Jan Willem Drijvers, 1-14. London: Taylor & Francis Group, 1999.
Jones, Brian W. The Emperor Domitian. London: Routledge, 1993.
Jones, Christopher. Between Pagan and Christian. Cambridge, MA: Harvard University
Press, 2014.
Kelly, Christopher. ”Crossing the Frontiers: Imperial Power in the Last Books of Ammianus”
in Ammianus after Julian : the reign of Valentinian and Valens in Books 26-31 of the Res
Gestae, eds. J. den Boeft, Jan Willem Drijvers, Hans Teitler, and Daniël den Hengst, 271-292.
Leiden ; Boston: Brill, 2007
Kelly, Gavin. Ammianus Marcellinus: The Allusive Historian. New York: Cambridge
University Press. 2008.
Kelly, Gavin & Justin Stover. “The Hersfeldensis and The Fuldensis of Ammianus
Marcellinus: A Reconsideration”, The Cambridge Classical Journal 62 (2016): 108–129,
https://doi.org/10.1017/S1750270516000075
107

Kelly, Gavin. “Ammianus Marcellinus: Tacitus’ heir and Gibbon’s guide.” In The Cambridge
Companion to the Roman Historians, 348-361. Ed. Andrew Feldherr. Cambridge: Cambridge
University Press, 2010, https://doi.org/10.1017/CCOL9780521854535.023
Kelly, Gavin. “Ammianus’ Greek Accent”, Talanta 45 (2013), 67–79.
Kosso, Peter. “Philosophy of Historiography.” In A Companion to the Philosophy of History
and Historiography, ed. Aviezer Tucker, 32-49. Oxford: Wiley-Blackwell, 2008.
König, Jason & Tim Whitmarsh, Ordering Knowledge in the Roman Empire. Cambridge:
Cambridge University Press, 2007.
Lampinen, Antti. ”Ammianus Marcellinuksen gallit ja myöhäisantiikin klassillisoitu toinen.”
in Vieras, outo, vihollinen: Toiseus antiikista uuden ajan alkuun, ed. Marja-Leena Hänninen,
98-122. Helsinki: Suomalaisen Kirjallisuuden Seura, 2013.
Matthews, J. F. “Ammianus and the Eternity of Rome” in The Inheritance of Historiography
350–900, eds. C. Holdsworth & T.P, 17-30.Wiseman. Exeter: University of Exeter, 1986.
Matthews, J. F. “The Origin of Ammianus”, The Classical Quaterly 44, no. 1 (1994): 252269.
Matthews, John. “Ammianus and the Eternity of Rome.” In The Inheritance of
Historiography 350-900, eds. Christopher Holdsworth & T. P. Wiseman, 17-30. Exeter:
University of Exeter, 1986.
Morley, Craig. “Beyond the Digression: Ammianus Marcellinus on the Persians”, Journal of
Ancient History and Archaeology (2016), 10-25. https://doi.org/10.14795/j.v3i4.199
Newall, Paul. “Historiographic Objectivity.” In A Companion to the Philosophy of History
and Historiography, ed. Aviezer Tucker, 207-216. Oxford: Wiley-Blackwell, 2008.
Potter, David S. The Roman Empire At Bay AD 180–395, second edition, Abingdon, Oxon:
Routledge, 2014.
Potter, David. Constantine the Emperor. Oxford: Oxford University Press, 2012.
Rike, R.L. Apex Omnium: Religion in the Res Gestae of Ammianus, Berkeley and Los
Angeles: University of California Press, 1987.
Rohrbacher, David. “The Sources for the Lost Books of Ammianus Marcellinus.” Historia:
Zeitschrift für Alte Geschichte 55, no. 1 (2006), 106–124.
Rohrbacher, David. “Why Didn’t Constantius II Eat Fruit?”, The Classical Quarterly 55., no.
1 (2005): 323–326.
Ross, Alan J. “Ammianus, Traditions of Satire and the Eternity of Rome.” The Classical
Journal 110, no. 3 (2015): 356-373.
Ross, Alan J. Ammianus’ Julian: Narrative and Genre in the Res gestae, Oxford: Oxford
University Press, 2016.

108

Smith, Rowland. “Telling Tales: Ammianus’ narrative of the Persian expedition of Julian.” In
The Late Roman World and Its Historian: Interpreting Ammianus Marcellinus, eds. Jan
Willem Drijvers & David Hunt, 79-92. London: Routledge, 1999.
Sundwall, Gavin A. “Ammianus Geographicus”, The American Journal of Philology 117, no.
4 (1996): 619–643.
Teilter, Hans. “Visa vel lecta? Ammianus on Persia and the Persians.” In The Late Roman
World and Its Historian: Interpreting Ammianus Marcellinus, eds. Jan Willem Drijvers &
David Hunt, 191-197. London: Routledge, 1999.
Tougher, Shaun. “Ammianus and the eunuchs.” In The Late Roman World and Its Historian:
Interpreting Ammianus Marcellinus, eds. Jan Willem Drijvers & David Hunt, 57-67. London:
Routledge, 1999.
Tougher, Shaun. ”Ammianus Marcellinus on the Empress Eusebia: A Split Personality?” in
Greece & Rome 47., no. 1 (2000), 94-101.
Tougher, Shaun. ”The Advocacy of an Empress: Julian and Eusebia” in The Classical
Quarterly 48, no 2. (1998), 596-598.
Trombley, Frank. “Ammianus Marcellinus and fourth-century warfare: a protector’s approach
to historical narrative.” In The Late Roman World and Its Historian: Interpreting Ammianus
Marcellinus, eds. Jan Willem Drijvers & David Hunt, 16-26. London: Routledge, 1999.
Wachsmuth, Kurt. Einleitung in das Studium der alten Geschichte. Leipzig: S. Hirzel, 1895.
Watts, Edward J. The Final Pagan Generation : Rome’s Unexpected Path to Christianity.
Berkeley: University of California Press, 2015.
Weisweiler, John. “Unreliable Witness: Failings of the Narrative in Ammianus Marcellinus.”
In Literature and Society in the Fourth Century AD (2014), eds. Lieve van Hoof & Peter Van
Nuffelen, 103-133. Leiden: Brill, 2014.. https://doi.org/10.1163/9789004279476_008
White, Hayden. Metahistory: The Historical Imagination in Nineteenth-Century Europe.
Baltimore: The Johns Hopkins University Press, 1973.
White, Hayden. The Content of the Form: Narrative Discourse and Historical
Representation, Baltimore: The Johns Hopkins University Press, 1987.
Zammito, John. “Historians and Philosophy of Historiography” in A Companion to the
Philosophy of History and Historiography, ed. Aviezer Tucker, 90-114. Oxford: WileyBlackwell, 2008.
Electronic sources
Lacuna: ”blank or missing portion in a manuscript,”
https://www.etymonline.com/word/lacuna, accessed 27.10.2020.

109

