The Association Between Perceived Mate Value Discrepancy and Intrasexual
Competitiveness in Heterosexual Individuals

Elle Anthoni
Master’s Thesis in Psychology
Supervisor: Patrik Jern
Faculty of Arts, Psychology and Theology
Åbo Akademi University, 2021

ÅBO AKADEMI UNIVERSITY – FACULTY OF ARTS, PSYCHOLOGY AND
THEOLOGY
Subject: Psychology
Author: Elle Anthoni
Title: The Association Between Perceived Mate Value Discrepancy and Intrasexual
Competitiveness in Heterosexual Individuals
Supervisor: Patrik Jern
Abstract:
Earlier studies have indicated that mate value discrepancy influences relationship satisfaction,
jealousy, and controlling behaviors in relationships. However, the association between mate
value discrepancy and intrasexual competitiveness has not been explored in previous studies.
Therefore, the aim of the present study was to investigate whether an association between mate
value discrepancy and intrasexual competitiveness can be observed. The study used existing
data from 4,848 Finnish heterosexual adult respondents (3,237 women and 1,611 men) who had
completed an online survey. Mate value discrepancy was measured with a variable created by
subtracting the participant’s estimate of their partner’s mate value score from the participant’s
self-estimated mate value score. The Intrasexual Competition Scale was used to measure
intrasexual competitiveness. A factorial ANCOVA and a GEE multilevel regression analysis
indicated that a high mate value relative to one’s partner was positively associated with higher
intrasexual competitiveness in comparison with a low mate value relative to one’s partner. Men
were overall more intrasexually competitive than women, but the differences within the sexes
were larger than between the sexes. Younger individuals were more intrasexually competitive
than older individuals. In conclusion, the findings suggest that higher valued mates are more
intrasexually competitive than lower-valued mates. Further research is needed to examine what
other factors could explain a greater amount of the variance in intrasexual competitiveness and
investigate the reasons why individuals who perceive themselves as the higher valued mate
compared to their partner tend to be more intrasexually competitive.
Keywords: Intrasexual competitiveness, Mate value discrepancy, Partners, Adults
Date: 2.6
Level: Master’s thesis

Page count: 46

ÅBO AKADEMI – FAKULTETEN FÖR HUMANIORA, PSYKOLOGI OCH
TEOLOGI
Ämne: Psykologi
Författare: Elle Anthoni
Avhandlingens titel: Sambandet mellan upplevd diskrepans i partnervärde och graden av
intrasexuell tävlan hos heterosexuella individer
Handledare: Patrik Jern
Abstrakt:
Resultat i tidigare forskning indikerar att diskrepans i partnervärde influerar en individs
tillfredsställelse med sitt parförhållande, upplevda svartsjuka och kontrollerande beteenden
inom parförhållanden. Däremot finns det en avsaknad av studier som skulle ha undersökt
sambandet mellan diskrepans i partnervärde och graden av intrasexuell tävlan och därmed är
syftet med den här studien att undersöka om ett sådant samband kan observeras. Samplet i den
här studien bestod i sin helhet av 4 848 heterosexuella vuxna finländare (3 237 kvinnor och
1 611 män) som hade besvarat en nätenkät. Variabeln för diskrepans i partnervärde skapades
genom att subtrahera deltagarens estimat av sin partners partnervärde från deltagarens
självestimat av det egna partnervärdet. För att mäta deltagarnas grad av intrasexuell tävlan
användes frågeformuläret ”Intrasexual Competition Scale”. Enligt resultaten från en faktoriell
ANCOVA och ett GEE-test tenderar individer som anser sig ha ett högre partnervärde i
jämförelse med sin partner, uppvisa en högre grad av intrasexuell tävlan. Män uppvisade
överlag en högre grad av intrasexuell tävlan jämfört med kvinnor, men skillnaden är mycket
liten och skillnaderna inom könen var större än mellan könen. Yngre individer uppvisade en
högre grad av intrasexuell tävlan jämfört med äldre individer. Sammanfattningsvis tyder
resultaten i den här studien på att individer av högre partnervärde uppvisar en högre grad av
intrasexuell tävlan i jämförelse med individer av lägre partnervärde. Fortsatt forskning inom
ämnet behövs för att undersöka vilka faktorer som förklarar en större andel av variansen för den
individuella graden av intrasexuell tävlan. Framtida forskning behövs även för att utforska
orsakerna till att personer som upplever att de har ett högre partnervärde än sin partner, tenderar
att ha en högre grad av intrasexuell tävlan.
Nyckelord: Intrasexuell tävlan, Diskrepans i partnervärde, Partner, Vuxna
Datum: 2.6
Nivå: Pro-gradu avhandling

Sidantal: 46

Table of Contents
Abstract
Abstract in Swedish
Introduction .................................................................................................................... 1
Intrasexual Competition ............................................................................................. 2
Intrasexual Competition as an Attitude ...................................................................... 4
Assortative Mating and Mate Value ........................................................................... 5
The Current Study ...................................................................................................... 8
Method ........................................................................................................................... 9
Participants ................................................................................................................. 9
Measures .................................................................................................................. 10
Intrasexual Competition. ...................................................................................... 10
Mate Value and Mate Value Discrepancy. ........................................................... 11
Data Analyses........................................................................................................... 12
Results .......................................................................................................................... 13
Discussion .................................................................................................................... 17
Main Findings and Interpretations ........................................................................... 17
Strengths and Limitations of the Study .................................................................... 19
Conclusions .............................................................................................................. 21
Swedish Summary ....................................................................................................... 22
Inledning .................................................................................................................. 22
Metod ....................................................................................................................... 26
Resultat .................................................................................................................... 28
Diskussion ................................................................................................................ 29
References .................................................................................................................... 34

1
Introduction
Previous studies have shown that mate value discrepancy is an important factor influencing
relationship satisfaction (Conroy-Beam et al., 2016; Hromatko et al., 2015; Nowak & Danel,
2014), jealousy (Sidelinger & Booth-Butterfield, 2007), and controlling behaviors in
relationships (Danel et al., 2017). Mate value refers to all the features that improve a
successful reproduction of an individual (Trivers, 1972), and includes not only physical but
also psychological and social aspects that affect individual mate choice in a certain context
(Buss & Barnes, 1986; Lippa, 2007). According to Nowak and Danel (2014), the mate value
discrepancy between partners in a relationship might be a factor (among many others) that
influences a couple’s well-being and could therefore be important in a clinical context.
Intrasexual competitiveness refers to the extent to which one views same-sex peers in
competitive terms over access to mates and is related to both personality factors and
environmental conditions (Welling & Shackelford, 2019). Nettle (2006) argued that
individual differences in personality characteristics can be adaptive under different
conditions. Being extremely intrasexually competitive might be advantageous in certain
contexts, yet maladaptive in other contexts, and having a low mate value relative to one’s
partner could be one of those maladaptive contexts.
Indeed, Buunk and Stulp (2014) found that intrasexual competitiveness among
adolescents is directly related to their parents’ socio-economic status. They found that female
adolescents were consistently more intrasexually competitive the higher their parents’ socioeconomic status. Among male adolescents, those with parents of high socio-economic status
were the most intrasexually competitive. However, among male adolescents, those with
parents of the lowest socio-economic status were also more intrasexually competitive than
those with parents of medium socioeconomic status. Females in low and high socio-economic
groups were more intrasexually competitive compared to males within those respective

2
groups, whereas males were more intrasexually competitive compared to females within the
medium socio-economic group. In another study, van Brummen and Buunk (2016) found that
girls who grew up without their biological father were more intrasexually competitive
compared to girls who had grown up with their biological father. Research also suggests that
for women and gay men, intrasexual competitiveness is related to eating disorders such as
anorexia nervosa and bulimia nervosa, and it is hypothesized that intrasexual competition
could be the underlying mechanism that triggers eating disorders where one aspires to appear
more youthful and thin than others within one’s sex (Faer et al., 2005; Li et al., 2010).
Although several studies have been conducted on either mate value discrepancy or
intrasexual competitiveness, there is, to my knowledge, no study that would have explored
the association between perceived mate value discrepancy and intrasexual competitiveness.
Therefore, this study aims to determine whether such a contextual association can be
observed.
Intrasexual Competition
Intrasexual competition refers to rivalry over access to mates when encountering
same-sex individuals (Buunk & Fisher, 2009; Buunk & Massar, 2012; Fernandez et al.,
2019). Darwin (1871) observed the importance of defeating intrasexual rivals for contested
mating opportunities and proposed that intrasexual competition evolved as an important
behavioral adaptation for maximized reproductive success.
According to parental investment theory (Trivers, 1972), the sex that invests more in
its offspring will be more selective when choosing a mate, in contrast to the less-investing sex
that will have more intrasexual competition for access to mates. Women invest at a minimum
of 9 months in time for one pregnancy, and after that period, they also invest a considerable
number of physiological resources (for example, the risks associated with childbirth and
breastfeeding after giving birth). For men, reproductive success requires a relatively small

3
minimum investment in both time and physiological resources (at the very least, an event of
copulation). Although women’s parental investment is often greater than men’s, among
humans, both sexes generally invest in parental care, and lengthy monogamous relationships
are common. Therefore, both sexes are discriminating in the choice of mates (Trivers, 1972).
The relative parental investment of the sexes is considered the motive behind the
different mating strategies of the sexes. According to Trivers’s theory, women should favor
mates that are able and willing to provide additional parental investment (social,
psychological, and material resources), whereas men should adopt a strategy that maximizes
reproductive success by copulating as often as possible. Buss (1988) studied mate attraction
and intrasexual competition using the theory of parental investment and found sex differences
in the intrasexual strategies used to attract mates and compete with rivals of one’s sex. Men
and women both seek the best mate possible, but have different preferences depending on
what traits or abilities in a mate maximize an offspring’s chances of survival, and therefore
they compete within different domains with members of the same sex to attract mates (Buss,
1988; Kenrick et al., 1993, 1994).
Because men favor a mate who is likely to successfully bear, conceive and care for
offspring and who is unlikely to do so with other men, women try to enhance their physical
attractiveness and to appear more healthy, fertile, youthful, and less promiscuous than other
women. In contrast, women prefer a mate that can provide additional resources and security,
which is why men tend to highlight their ability to provide resources and security in addition
to displaying their dominance and physical strength (Buss, 1988).
Because people compete with same-sex1 individuals on the traits that make them a
valued partner to the opposite sex, women perceive provocatively dressed and physically

1

Note. In the present study, “sex” refers to biological sex in a sexually reproducing species (instead, “gender” is
used when referring to subjective identity).

4
attractive rivals as more threatening and distressing (Vaillancourt & Sharma, 2011), while
men perceive stronger and dominant rivals with more financial resources and promising
careers as more threatening and distressing (Andersson, 1994; Buss et al., 2000; Buunk et al.,
2007; Dijkstra & Buunk, 2002). These distressing characteristics in rivals are also features
that have shown to evoke the most jealousy in individuals when they are asked to imagine
their partner flirting with a same-sex peer (Dijkstra & Buunk, 1998).
Intrasexual Competition as an Attitude
As mentioned previously, intrasexual competitiveness regards the degree one views the
confrontation with people of one’s own sex in antagonistic and competitive terms, especially
in situations where a member of the opposite sex is present (Buunk & Fisher, 2009;
Fernandez et al., 2019). Research suggests that negative reactions toward attractive members
of one’s sex emerge when individuals reach puberty, an age at which mating-related motives
become developmentally significant (Agthe et al., 2013). Being exposed to more attractive
same-sex peers has been shown to be perceived as a threat to one’s self-esteem (Park &
Maner, 2009), mate value (Gutierres et al., 1999), and long-term romantic relationship (Buss
et al., 2000).
Strategies like competitor derogation (Buss & Dedden, 1990; Schmitt & Buss, 1996;
Vaillancourt, 2013), self-promotion (Fisher et al., 2009), competitor manipulation, and mate
manipulation are tactics used when experiencing intrasexual competition (Fisher & Cox,
2011). Rivals are categorized based on their desirability and the amount of threat they pose to
an individual’s relationship (Maner et al., 2012). The activation of the mating-related goals
which lead people with high levels of chronic jealousy (Maner et al., 2009) and relatively low
self-esteem (Agthe et al., 2011) to evaluate and treat intrasexual rivals especially negatively,
have been shown to occur automatically and implicitly (Maner et al., 2009; Massar & Buunk,
2010).

5
Some research has been conducted on possible differences between gender, sexual
orientation, and mate selection behaviors. Hughes et al. (2020) studied the association
between sexuality and intrasexual competitiveness among women and found that lesbian
women and heterosexual women display similar levels of competitiveness, implying that both
groups experience intrasexual competitiveness to an equal extent. Regarding preferences and
behavior in mate selection, gay and heterosexual men have similar age preferences for young
sexual partners, whereas some lesbian women display more often gender-atypical age
preferences preferring younger, rather than older sexual partners compared to heterosexual
women (Russock, 2011; Silverthorne & Quinsey, 2000). Lesbian women also tend to display
their wealth and resources more often in attempts to attract or retain a mate relative to
heterosexual women (VanderLaan & Vasey, 2008).
Attractive adolescent women are more likely at risk of being indirectly victimized
through indirect aggression by their female peers compared to less attractive women, whereas
attractiveness seems to be a protective factor against being indirectly victimized among
adolescent men (Leenaars et al., 2008). Women usually have friends who are similar in
attractiveness, and the less attractive friend in a pair of friends tends to perceive more mating
rivalry in their friendship (Bleske-Rechek & Lighthall, 2010).
Assortative Mating and Mate Value
A person’s mate value is an estimate of how valuable that person would be as a
partner in a reproductive relationship or how attractive they would be as a potential mate for
members of the opposite sex (Brase & Guy, 2004). Mate value consists of individual
characteristics that influence one’s ability to find and retain a mate, as well as characteristics
that could potentially contribute to a mate’s reproductive success (Waynforth, 2001).
Physical attractiveness, youth, and a low waist-to-hip ratio (the dimensionless ratio of the
circumference of the waist to that of the hips) are the main determinants of mate value for

6
women, whereas access to resources is the primary feature that influences mate value for men
(Buss et al., 2000).
People try to obtain a mate who is as valuable as possible but one who also has a
similar mate value to oneself (Buston & Emlen, 2003). The theory of assortative mating
suggests that people are drawn to mates that “match” their value or worth as mates,
particularly when starting long-term relationships (Buston & Emlen, 2003; Gangestad &
Simpson, 2000), and a study by Sidelinger and Mcmullen (2008) found that both partners in
committed relationships tend to perceive their mates as having higher mate values than
themselves. However, there are romantic long-term relationships involving two people who
differ significantly in mate value. This perceived difference in mate value between two
parties in a romantic relationship has been operationalized as mate value discrepancy (MVD).
In the literature, a mate of higher value than his/her partner is often assigned the abbreviation
“HVM”, whereas the mate of lower value is assigned the abbreviation “LVM”. The status as
either HVM or LVM can be referred to as relative mate value, RMV because it is strictly
interpreted as the person’s mate value relative to the partner’s mate value (Buss, 1994).
Being the LVM has been associated with being more likely to experience jealousy
and to forgive a partner’s transgression, despite experiencing jealousy (Sidelinger & BoothButterfield, 2007). People partnered with high-value mates who would be difficult to replace
tend to experience high levels of relationship satisfaction regardless of their pool of
obtainable alternative mates, whereas being the HVM and being partnered with a mate who is
less desirable than one’s obtainable alternative mates is associated with decreasing levels of
relationship satisfaction (Conroy-Beam et al., 2016). Being of roughly equal mate value with
one’s partner has been linked to both more confidence in the fidelity and longevity of one’s
relationship (Buss & Shackelford, 1997) and relationship satisfaction (Conroy-Beam et al.,
2016). According to Conroy-Beam et al. (2016), mate value discrepancies have evolved to

7
motivate relationship maintenance or termination depending on the pool of mates that one has
access to and whether there would be mates that match one’s mate value better than one’s
current mate.
Being an LVM in a couple, thus having a partner that is harder to replace and being
easier to replace by one’s partner, has been associated with more frequent mate retention
behaviors, relative to being an HVM in a couple (Buss, 2002). Mate retention behaviors are
actions that aim to maintain access to a mate and reducing the probability of an acquired
mate’s infidelity and defection from the relationship (Arnocky & Vaillancourt, 2012). Mate
guarding is a form of mate retention behavior, evolved to enable long-term committed mating
by warding off potential mate poachers and preventing the loss of a mate, to prevent suffering
of reproductive costs (Buss, 2002). Mate guarding can be expressed in behaviors ranging
from vigilance to violence, including indirect modes of aggression (Davies and Shackelford,
2017). Redlick (2016) found that HVM’s are more likely to be “lured away” by mate
poachers who try to knowingly attract someone who already is in a relationship and, therefore
HVM’s require more investment to hold on to as partners.
In couples where partners are of highly discrepant mate value, both the LVM and the
HVM tend to experience relational uncertainty, but it is hypothesized that the reasons behind
the uncertainty may be different for the LVM compared to the HVM. According to Buunk
and Fisher (2009), the LVM might determine that the costs (for example hypervigilance of
rivals and mate guarding) of continuing to maintain the relationship with an HVM exceeds
the benefits, and therefore might choose to terminate the relationship. In contrast, the HVM
might consider whether it is advantageous for themselves to remain in a relationship of high
mate value discrepancy when more attractive and more compatible mates might be available.
In summary, both partners might question their desire to continue in a relationship where they
are either significantly inferior or superior to their partner. Consequently, mate value

8
discrepancy offers predictive power about relative behaviors between a couple, perceived
relational uncertainty, and relationship satisfaction in response to cues of mate replaceability.
The Current Study
Although studies investigating either intrasexual competition or mate value
discrepancy have been conducted, earlier studies have not (to my knowledge) investigated the
association between these two variables. In most of the earlier studies investigating either
intrasexual competitiveness or mate value discrepancy, the sample sizes have been relatively
small, whereas in the present study a large, population-based sample was used, and the results
can therefore potentially be generalized to a broader group of people. Research on this topic
is crucial to improve the understanding of what contextual factors might influence intrasexual
competitiveness and if mate value discrepancy, which has been shown to be associated with
relationship satisfaction (Conroy-Beam et al., 2016; Hromatko et al., 2015; Nowak & Danel,
2014), could be one of those factors.
The present study aimed to investigate the association between perceived mate value
discrepancy and intrasexual competitiveness as well as the association between self-estimated
mate value and intrasexual competitiveness. Given theory and previous research, two main
hypotheses were set:
1. Individuals who perceive themselves as having a lower mate value relative to their
partner will be more intrasexually competitive, irrespective of their sex. Whereas
people who perceive themselves as having a higher mate value compared to their
partner will be less intersexually competitive.
2. Individuals who perceive themselves as having a high mate value will be less
intrasexually competitive than individuals who perceive themselves as having a
low mate value.

9
Furthermore, it was hypothesized that there would not be any significant sex
differences in intrasexual competitiveness since earlier research has not found any sex
differences in the tendency to be intrasexually competitive.

Method
Participants
The sample used in the present study consisted of responses from adult twins and
siblings of twins who had taken part in a large, Finnish population-based survey study called
the Genetics of Sexuality and Aggression study (Johansson et al., 2013). The survey included
questions on different topics such as sexuality, mental health, and relationships. The
invitation letters for the data collection were sent to the potential participants between
November 2018 and January 2019 and the total response rate was 29%. The original data
included responses from a total of 9,564 individuals living in Finland at the time of data
collection and 97% (9,319) of those individuals consented to their data being used for
scientific purposes. For the current study, 4,848 (3,237 women and 1,611 men) individuals
who responded to the questions about both intrasexual competitiveness and mate value were
included in the sample. The age of the participants ranged from 18 to 61 (M = 30.48, SD =
8.22). The research plan describing the data-collection procedure was reviewed and approved
and received a favorable review from the Ethics Review Board of Åbo Akademi University,
in accordance with the Helsinki Declaration. Before the data collection, the participants were
informed that their participation in the study was voluntary and anonymous, and written
informed consent for participation was obtained from all participants.
Out of the 9,148 (6,025 women, 3,123 men) participants who had provided answers
for the survey, 2,737 (1,686 women, 1,051 men) were excluded due to not being in a
relationship at the time of the data collection. Another 342 men and 708 women did not

10
respond to the mate value questions that were used as the measurement for mate value
discrepancy and were excluded. In addition, 502 participants (387 women, 115 men) who had
reported that they identify as something other than heterosexuals (gay/lesbian, bi, or other)
were excluded. Individuals that did not identify as heterosexuals were excluded because of
the evolutionary and reproductive theoretical framework in the study (humans being a
reproductive species where only a male and a female individual can reproduce). The groups
for gay/lesbian, bi, or other, would also have been very small since the participants also had
to be in a relationship at the time of the data collection, this would have resulted in a
comparison of two groups of very different size.
The participants who had reported that they did not agree with the gender that they
have in the Finnish Population Registry, were also excluded (2 participants). In addition, 2
men and 7 women were excluded due to a technical error in the data. The study was divided
into two main parts based on the two hypotheses, that were tested with two different
statistical tests and two different sample sizes. The sample size that was used to test the first
hypothesis (part one of the study) consisted of 3,889 (2,512 women and 1,377 men)
participants and the second hypothesis (part two of the study) was tested with a sample size
of 4,848 (3,237 women and 1,611 men) participants. The first sample size was smaller
because the potential confounding effects of genetic relatedness in the sample had to be
controlled for by including only one person per family in the analysis.
Measures
Intrasexual Competition
To assess intrasexual competitiveness, the Intrasexual Competition Scale (ISC-scale)
(Buunk & Fisher, 2009) was used. The sex-neutral and cross-nationally validated 12-item
scale assesses differences in intrasexual competition as an attitude. The scale includes
measures of one’s desire to outperform and beat same-sex peers, feelings of envy and

11
frustration when same-sex rivals are better off, aspiration to view oneself as better than samesex peers, and satisfaction when high-achieving individuals of one’s sex lose face. These
phenomena are assessed through questions that depict situations or contexts where one is
confronted with a rival of one’s sex. The questions are answered on a Likert-type scale
ranging from 1 (“Not at all applicable”) to 7 (“Completely applicable”). Higher scores
indicate higher levels of intrasexual competition. The items on the scale were added up to
create two separate composite variables, one for women and one for men. In the present
study, the internal consistency of this measure was good for both women (Cronbach’s α =
0.88) and men (Cronbach’s α = 0.80).
Mate Value and Mate Value Discrepancy
Two items were used to create a measure for perceived mate value discrepancy,
“Overall, how would you rate your level of desirability as a partner on the following scale
compared to others of the same sex?” and “If you have a partner, overall, how would you rate
your partner’s level of desirability as a partner on the following scale compared to others of
the same sex?”. The questions were answered on a Likert-type scale ranging from 1
(“Extremely undesirable”) to 9 (“Extremely desirable”). A variable measuring the mate value
discrepancy was created by subtracting the participant’s estimate of his/her partner’s mate
value score from the participant’s self-estimated mate value score (both scores were
estimated on the same scale by the participant). In other words, the mate value discrepancy
measure was solely based on one individual’s perception of his/her mate value as well as the
mate value of their partner. To test how mate value discrepancy was associated with
intrasexual competitiveness, I recoded the mate value discrepancy variable so that all
discrepancies were coded as 1 or -1. A value of zero indicated that there was no discrepancy,
a value of -1 indicates that the participant perceives that their partner is higher in mate value

12
and the value of 1 indicates that the participant perceives themself as the mate with a higher
value.
Data Analyses
The statistical analyses were conducted using the IBM SPSS 26 Statistics for
Windows. Two analyses were conducted. Firstly, a factorial ANCOVA to test the first
hypothesis, and secondly a GEE multilevel regression to test the second hypothesis. The
factorial ANCOVA was conducted to examine the association between mate value
discrepancy and intrasexual competitiveness and to test if there would be an interaction
between sex, mate value discrepancy, and intrasexual competitiveness. In the ANCOVA,
only one individual from each family was randomly selected and age was included as a
covariate in all the analyses. I conducted follow-up tests using repeated contrasts for the main
effects. For the second part of the study, a GEE analysis was conducted to investigate the
association between the participants’ self-estimated mate value and intrasexual
competitiveness. Because the data were responses from genetically related individuals (twins
and siblings of twins), the GEE procedure was chosen. This procedure allows for controlling
for between-subjects dependence. The items on the ISC-scale are divided into questions
directed to either women and men and therefore two separate GEE analyses were conducted,
one with women and one with men. First, I excluded all individuals who were not in a
relationship. This was done by filtering out all individuals who had missing values on the
variable measuring the partner's mate value/attractiveness. Next, I randomly selected one
individual from each family to calculate effect sizes.

13
Results
Descriptive statistics for the groups used in part 1 of the study can be found in Table 1.

Table 1
Descriptive statistics of the participants’ relative mate value and intrasexual competitiveness

Men
The participant’s relative
mate value to their partner

Women

N

M

SD

N

M

SD

The participant is the
LVM

628

2.35

.035

1,242

2.24

.025

The participant has
equal mate value to
their partner

498

2.54

.040

906

2.18

.030

The participant is the
HVM

251

2.57

.056

364

2.43

.047

Note. M = Mean, SD = Standard Deviation, LVM = Lower Valued Mate, HVM = Higher
Valued Mate

In the first part of the study, as illustrated in Figure 1, the results of the ANCOVA showed
that when sex was not taken into consideration, there was a small but significant main effect
of mate value discrepancy on intrasexual competitiveness, so that individuals who considered
themselves to have higher mate value than their partners were inclined to be more
intrasexually competitive (F[2;3,882 df] = 12.032, p < .001, η2 partial = .006). This result
contradicted my first hypothesis.

14
Figure 1
Estimated Marginal Means of Intrasexual Competitiveness and Mate Value Discrepancy in
Groups

Note. Mate value discrepancy values are coded so that -1 = the respondent considers his/her partner to
have higher mate value than him/herself; 0 = the respondent considers him/herself to have equal mate
value to his/her partner; 1 = the respondent considers him/herself to have higher mate value than
his/her partner.

Age had a significant association (F[1;3,882] = 11.540, p < .001, η2 partial = .003), so
that younger individuals tended to be more intrasexually competitive. Levene’s test (which
tests the null hypothesis that the error variance of the dependent variable is equal across
groups) was significant (F[df 5;3,883] = 5.170, p < .001) which was expected because of the
large sample size. The follow-up tests showed that the difference between those participants
who considered themselves the LVM and those who considered themselves equal in mate
value with their partner was not significant (p = .611), but the difference between those who
considered themselves equal in mate value with their partner and those who considered
themselves the HVM was significant (p <.001).
As illustrated in Figure 2, there was a main effect of sex, men (M = 2.458, SE = .026)
tended to be overall more intrasexually competitive than women (M = 2.283, SE = .020). The

15
effect was small, but statistically significant (F[1;3,882] = 28.597, p < .001, η2 partial = .007)
which contradicted my hypothesis as I did not expect any significant gender differences.

Figure 2
Estimated marginal means of Intrasexual Competitiveness for Gender Groups

As can be seen in Figure 3, the interaction between sex and mate value discrepancy
was significant (F[2;3,882] = 3.190, p = .041, η2 partial = .002). However, the effect of mate
value discrepancy on intrasexual competition was similar for both men and women, with the
most noticeable difference between the sexes in the group where participants reported a lack
of discrepancy in mate value. In the group where women experienced equal mate value, they
reported lower intrasexual competitiveness compared to the two groups where women
reported mate value discrepancy.

16
Figure 3
Interaction between sex, mate value discrepancy, and intrasexual competition

Note. Mate value discrepancy values are coded so that -1 = the respondent considers his/her partner to
have higher mate value than him/herself; 0 = the respondent considers him/herself to have equal mate
value to his/her partner; 1 = the respondent considers him/herself to have higher mate value than
his/her partner.

In the second part of the study, the results of the GEE regression analysis showed that
the participants’ estimation of their mate value only had a positive significant association
with intrasexual competitiveness in men but not in women. This result contradicted my
second hypothesis. The results of the GEE regression analysis can be found in Table 2.

Table 2
Associations Between Self-Estimated Mate Value and Intrasexual Competitiveness
Wald χ2

df

p

B

SE

η2 partial

Men

8.888

1

.003

.046

.0153

.010

Women

.817

1

.094

-.010

.0112

.010

Note. Wald χ2 = Wald chi-squared, B = unstandardized regression coefficient, SE = standard error of
the B. Age was included as a covariate in the analysis.

17
Discussion
The present study aimed to investigate how mate value discrepancy and self-estimated mate
value are associated with intrasexual competitiveness and whether there would be any
differences between the sexes. I expected that individuals who rated themselves as having a
lower mate value than their partner would be more intrasexually competitive in comparison
to individuals who rated themselves as having a higher mate value than their partner. This
hypothesis was set due to a theoretical prediction, namely that an LVM will be at increased
likelihood of being hypervigilant towards rivals that can pose a threat to the LVM if he or she
is in a relationship with a partner of higher mate value (Buss et al., 2000; Buunk & Fisher,
2009). More frequent mate retention behaviors have also been observed among lower-valued
mates (Buss, 2002). From this follows that lower-valued mates require more investment to
hold on to because they are more likely to be seduced by mate poachers (Redlick, 2016).
Therefore, being intrasexually competitive could be an adaptive trait for LVMs in a
relationship. I also hypothesized that individuals who rated themselves as having a high mate
value would be less intrasexually competitive than individuals who rated themselves having a
low mate value. No sex differences were expected because previous studies have not found
any sex differences in the tendency to be intrasexually competitive.
Main Findings and Interpretations
The results from the first part of the present study showed that there was a small
significant association between mate value discrepancy and intrasexual competitiveness,
indicating that individuals who considered themselves to have a higher mate value than their
partner tended to be more intrasexually competitive. This result contradicts my first
hypothesis. It is possible that individuals who have a high mate value are also more likely to
possess other characteristics that contribute to a higher degree of intrasexual competitiveness.
For example, it could be that a high degree of general competitiveness is also associated with

18
intrasexual competitiveness (i.e., more competitive individuals could have more confidence
in their ability to succeed in a competitive setting and might perceive situations as more
intrasexually competitive). More competitive individuals could also be inclined to perceive
that they have a high mate value and characteristics that make a mate more valuable, could
also be characteristics that enhance confidence in one’s abilities to succeed in competitive
settings.
Previous studies have shown that intrasexual competitiveness varies between different
contexts. For example, in the context of scarce selection in mating opportunities, people tend
to be more intrasexually competitive, jealous, and aggressive toward potential rivals
compared to when there is a perception of an abundance of possible mates (Arnocky et al.,
2014). Thus, intrasexual conflict is thought to have evolved as an adaptive attitudinal and
behavioral response, sensitive to the context of mate availability (Arnocky et al., 2014). In
addition to being affected by certain contexts, studies have shown that specific personality
traits are associated with high intrasexual competitiveness (Buunk et al., 2017; Buunk &
Fisher, 2009). In both women and men, high levels of neuroticism predict intrasexual
competitiveness. In women, low scores on measures of agreeableness have been associated
with higher intrasexual competitiveness, whereas extraversion has been associated with
intrasexual competitiveness in men (Buunk et al., 2017; Buunk & Fisher, 2009). However,
according to the results of the present study, mate value discrepancy does not seem to be a
context that would explain a considerable amount of the variance in intrasexual
competitiveness, whereas intrinsic factors such as personality traits appear to explain more of
the variance in intrasexual competitiveness than mate value discrepancy.
According to the results of the present study, men tended to be overall slightly more
intrasexually competitive than women, which also contradicted my hypothesis, but the
difference between the sexes was very small. Differences within the sexes were larger than

19
between the sexes. There was also a significant interaction between sex and mate value
discrepancy, but the effect of mate value discrepancy on intrasexual competitiveness was
very much alike for men and women.
A possible explanation for why the effects of mate value discrepancy on intrasexual
were quite small in the present study, is that the three groups that participants were divided in
were based on a relatively insensitive measure. The magnitude of difference in mate value
discrepancy within groups could not be included as a continuous variable in the analysis and
therefore discrepancies of different magnitude (e.g., between -1 and -6) could not be taken
into account in the results. Another important question is whether the self-assessment of
one’s mate value is a valid enough measure of mate value. A third-party assessor’s evaluation
might correspond better to the properties of mate value as a variable.
In the present study, age had a significant association with intrasexual
competitiveness. Younger individuals were more intrasexually competitive, which was
expected because individuals should, based on evolutionary theory, be more competitive to
attract and retain mates during their most fertile years.
Strengths and Limitations of the Study
One of the strengths of the current study is that it employed a large, population-based sample.
This allows the results to be generalized to the adult heterosexual population in Finland.
Another strength is the use of validated measurements and their high reliability.
A limitation of the present study is the impact of social desirability and whether the
participants’ responses reflect their genuine magnitude of intrasexual competitiveness and
mate value discrepancy in the relationship. Being intrasexually competitive can be seen as a
less socially desirable feature and therefore participants might underplay the magnitude of
intrasexual competitiveness in their answers. Social desirability is the tendency of some
respondents to report answers in a way that represents themselves in a more socially

20
acceptable way to prevent unfavorable evaluations by others. Social desirability can confound
results and distort relationships among variables (van de Mortel, 2008). Although participants
in the current study might have been affected by social desirability, the research was
conducted online and anonymity of the participants was ensured, which in turn could
decrease the motivation to respond in a socially desirable way.
Another limitation of this study is that the data were only collected from one partner
in a relationship and that all of the measures were self-estimates. Because previous studies
have shown that both partners are inclined to rate their partner with a higher mate value than
themselves (Redlick, 2016; Sidelinger & Mcmullen, 2008), it would be ideal to collect data
from both partners and an objective third-party estimate to acquire a more accurate picture of
the relative mate value in the relationship. Research suggests that among women, third-party
assessments are unrelated to self-rated attractiveness and that women typically overestimate
their physical attractiveness (Brewer et al., 2007; Pereira et al., 2019), whereas in men selfand third party-ratings correlate positively (Pereira et al., 2019). Although a third-party rating
would be optimal in the assessment of mate value of both partners in a relationship, it would
be a very costly and time-consuming method in such a large population-based study. Pictures
or descriptions of all the participants would be needed, which in turn would have a negative
effect on the response rate, resulting in a much smaller sample size.
Although a large, population-based sample was used, the results in this study are only
generalizable to heterosexual individuals as much of research in evolutionary psychology
relies on reproductive aspects and the assumption that mating occurs mostly between a male
and a female individual. Future research should examine the association between mate value
discrepancy and intrasexual competitiveness in couples composed of more diverse sexual and
gender identities.

21
Conclusions
In conclusion, this study contributes to a greater understanding of the association
between mate value discrepancy, self-estimated mate value and intrasexual competitiveness.
The statistical power in the study is high because of the large sample size, but the effect sizes
were small.
The results in the present study indicate that individuals who perceive themselves as
having a higher mate value than their partner, tend to be more intrasexually competitive in
comparison with individuals who perceive themselves as having a lower mate value than
their partner. According to the results of the present study, men who report that they have a
high mate value are more intrasexually competitive than men who report that they have a low
mate value. Younger individuals were more intrasexually competitive than older individuals
and men were overall more intrasexually competitive in comparison with women.
Future research could examine what other factors could explain a greater amount of
the variance in intrasexual competitiveness and explore the reasons why individuals who
perceive themselves as the higher valued mate compared to their partner tend to be more
intrasexually competitive.

22
Swedish Summary
Svensk sammanfattning
Sambandet mellan upplevd diskrepans i partnervärde och graden av intrasexuell tävlan
hos heterosexuella individer

Inledning
Diskrepans, eller skillnad, i partnervärde är en viktig faktor som bland annat influerar en
individs tillfredsställelse med sitt parförhållande (Conroy-Beam m.fl., 2016; Hromatko m.fl.,
2015; Nowak & Danel, 2014), upplevda svartsjuka (Sidelinger & Booth-Butterfield, 2007)
och kontrollerande beteenden inom parförhållanden (Danel m.fl., 2017). Partnervärde utgörs
av alla de karaktäristika som främjar en lyckad reproduktion av en individ (Trivers, 1972)
och omfattar både fysiska, psykiska och sociala aspekter som påverkar det individuella
partnervalet i en given kontext (Buss & Barnes, 1986; Lippa, 2007). Enligt Nowak och Danel
(2014) kan diskrepansen i partnervärde i ett parförhållande vara en faktor, bland flera andra,
som har en inverkan på ett pars välmående och därmed kunde det vara viktigt att ta i
beaktande även i en klinisk kontext.
En individs partnervärde är ett mått på hur värdefull den personen skulle vara som
partner i ett reproduktivt förhållande och hur attraktiv den personen skulle vara som en
potentiell partner för personer av det motsatta könet2 (Brase & Guy, 2004). Partnervärde
består av individuella karaktäristika som påverkar en individs förmåga att hitta och behålla en
partner samt särdrag som kunde potentiellt bidra positivt till en partners reproduktiva
framgång (Waynforth, 2001). Fysisk attraktivitet, ungdomlighet och ett lågt förhållande
mellan midja och höft (midjans omkrets delad med höftens omkrets) är de huvudsakliga

2

I den här studien syftar ”kön” till biologiskt kön hos en sexuellt reproduktiv art (”könsidentitet” används då det
i texten hänvisas till det kön individen identifierar sig med).

23
faktorerna som påverkar en kvinnas partnervärde, medan tillgång till resurser är den
huvudsakliga faktorn som påverkar partnervärdet för män (Buss m.fl., 2000). Människor
strävar efter att få en partner som har ett så högt partnervärde som möjligt, vilket är delvis
beroende av individens eget partnervärde (Buston & Emlen, 2003).
Teorin om selektiv parning föreslår att individer dras till en partner som ”matchar”
dem själva i partnervärde, särskilt när de inleder ett långvarigt förhållande (Buston & Emlen,
2003; Gangestad & Simpson, 2000). I en studie av Sidelinger och Mcmullen (2008) framkom
att partnerna inom samma långvariga parförhållande tenderar att uppfatta att deras partner har
ett högre partnervärde än dem själva. Trots denna tendens förekommer det långvariga
parförhållanden som består av två personer som skiljer sig i betydande grad i partnervärde.
Den upplevda diskrepansen i partnervärde har operationaliserats som diskrepans i
partnervärde. Inom par där diskrepansen i partnervärde är stor, tenderar både partnern med
det högre och partnern med det lägre partnervärdet att uppleva osäkerhet i relationen.
Forskare antar att orsaken till osäkerheten är olika för den partner som har ett lägre,
jämfört med den som har ett högre, partnervärde (Buunk & Fisher, 2009). Enligt Buunk och
Fisher (2009) är det möjligt att partnern som har ett lägre partnervärde bedömer att
kostnaderna (exempelvis hypervigilans för rivaler och bevakning av partnern) att fortsätta
förhållandet med en person av högre partnervärde överskrider fördelarna och väljer därmed
att avsluta förhållandet. Däremot är det möjligt att partnern som har ett högre partnervärde
överväger huruvida det är fördelaktigt för hen själv att förbli i ett förhållande samtidigt som
det kunde finnas mer attraktiva och kompatibla partner tillgängliga. Sammanfattningsvis kan
båda partner i förhållandet ifrågasätta sin vilja att fortsätta i ett förhållande med så stor
diskrepans i partnervärde. Följaktligen erbjuder diskrepans i partnervärde prediktiv styrka om
relativa beteenden mellan två partner i ett parförhållande, upplevd osäkerhet i parförhållandet
och tillfredställelse med parförhållandet.

24
Enligt teorin om föräldrainvestering (Trivers, 1972), kommer det kön som investerar
mer i sin avkomma att vara mer selektiv vid val av partner i jämförelse med det kön som
investerar mindre och som därmed kommer att ha en högre grad av intrasexuell tävlan (tävlan
mellan individer av samma kön om tillgången till potentiella partner). Kvinnor investerar
minst nio månader i tid för en graviditet och efter det även en betydande mängd av
fysiologiska resurser (exempelvis riskerna i samband med förlossningen samt amning efter
förlossningen). För män kräver reproduktiv framgång en relativt liten minimal investering
både i tid och fysiologiska resurser (som minst, en utlösning vid samlag). Även om kvinnors
föräldrainvestering ofta är större än mäns, tenderar båda könen att investera i omsorgen av
sina barn, och långvariga monogama förhållanden är allmänt förekommande. Därmed är båda
könen kräsna i valet av en långvarig partner (Trivers, 1972).
Skillnaden i mängden av föräldrainvestering mellan könen anses vara motivet bakom
de olika parningsstrategierna som könen tenderar att uppvisa. Enligt Trivers teori borde
kvinnor föredra en partner som har möjlighet och är villig att förse barnet med mer än den
minsta krävda mängden av föräldrainvestering (i form av sociala, psykologiska och materiella
resurser), medan män borde anta en strategi som maximerar deras reproduktiva framgång
genom att så ofta som möjligt åstadkomma en utlösning vid samlag. Buss (1988) använde sig
av teorin om föräldrainvestering då han undersökte partnerattraktion och intrasexuell tävlan.
Resultaten i studien tyder på att det finns könsskillnader i de intrasexuella strategier som
individer använder då de försöker attrahera en partner och då de tävlar med rivaler av samma
kön som de själva. Både män och kvinnor försöker få den bästa möjliga partnern, men de har
olika preferenser beroende på vilka karaktäristika eller förmågor i en partner som maximerar
avkommans sannolikhet att överleva. Därmed tävlar könen inom olika domäner för att
attrahera en partner och tävlan sker endast mellan personer av samma kön (Buss, 1988;
Kenrick m.fl., 1993, 1994).

25
Eftersom män prefererar en partner som med framgång kan bära, föda och vårda
avkomman och som med låg sannolikhet skulle vara otrogen med andra män, försöker
kvinnor förbättra och framföra sin fysiska attraktivitet för att framträda som friska, fertila,
unga och mindre promiskuösa jämfört med andra kvinnor. Kvinnor, å andra sidan, prefererar
en partner som kan förse dem och deras avkomma med resurser och trygghet, vilket är
orsaken till att män tenderar att understryka sina resurser och sin förmåga att skapa trygghet
samt demonstrera sin dominans och fysiska styrka (Buss, 1988).
Intrasexuell tävlan definieras som tävlan om tillgång till partner då man möter
personer av samma kön (Buunk & Fisher, 2009; Buunk & Massar, 2012; Fernandez m.fl.,
2019). Darwin (1871) observerade betydelsen av att besegra intrasexuella rivaler i tillfällen
av upplevda parningsmöjligheter och föreslog att intrasexuell tävlan utvecklades som en
viktig anpassning av beteende för att maximera reproduktiv framgång.
Den individuella graden av intrasexuell tävlan definieras som graden av rivalitet
(inom partnertillgång) som en person uppfattar mellan sig själv och andra personer av samma
kön. Graden av intrasexuell tävlan har ett samband med både personlighetsfaktorer och
omgivningsfaktorer (Welling & Shackelford, 2019). Nettle (2006) hävdade att individuella
skillnader i personlighetsdrag kan vara adaptiva under vissa omständigheter. Att vara extremt
intrasexuellt tävlingsinriktad kan vara fördelaktigt i vissa kontexter, men ofördelaktigt i andra
kontexter. Att ha ett lågt partnervärde kunde vara en av de ofördelaktiga kontexterna. De
rivaler som individen möter kategoriseras utifrån åtråvärdhet och den mängd hot individen
uppskattar att de utgör för hens parförhållande (Maner m.fl., 2012). Aktiveringen av motiven
som är relaterade till parning sker automatiskt och omedvetet (Maner m.fl., 2009; Massar &
Buunk, 2010) och personer som lider av kronisk svartsjuka och relativt låg självkänsla
tenderar att evaluera och behandla intrasexuella rivaler särskilt negativt (Agthe m.fl., 2011).
Det finns forskare som har forskat i antingen diskrepans i partnervärde eller i graden

26
av intrasexuell tävlan, men det finns en avsaknad av studier som skulle ha undersökt
sambandet mellan dessa två specifika variabler. Därmed är syftet med den här studien att
undersöka om ett sådant samband kan observeras. Utifrån tidigare forskning och teori inom
ämnesområdet ställs hypoteserna:
1. Individer som anser sig själva ha ett lägre partnervärde jämfört med sin partner
kommer att uppvisa en högre grad av intrasexuell tävlan, oberoende av kön, medan
personer som anser sig själva ha ett högre partnervärde jämfört med sin partner
kommer att uppvisa en lägre grad av intrasexuell tävlan.
2. Individer som anser sig själva ha ett högt partnervärde kommer att uppvisa en lägre
grad av intrasexuell tävlan medan individer som anser sig själva ha ett lågt
partnervärde kommer att uppvisa en högre grad av intrasexuell tävlan.
3. Inga signifikanta könsskillnader kommer att observeras.

Metod
Samplet i den här studien består i sin helhet av 4 848 vuxna tvillingar och syskon till
tvillingar som deltagit i en finländsk populationsbaserad studie. Av dem var 3 237 kvinnor
och 1 611 män. Enkäten som deltagarna fyllde i, består av olika frågor om exempelvis
sexualitet, mental hälsa och relationer. Studien beviljades etiskt tillstånd av den
forskningsetiska nämnden vid Åbo Akademi innan datainsamlingen påbörjades. Inbjudan till
deltagandet i datainsamlingen skickades till de potentiella deltagarna under tidsperioden
november 2018 till januari 2019 och den totala svarsfrekvensen för undersökningen blev
29 %. Dessa ursprungliga data bestod av svar från totalt 9 564 individer som bodde i Finland
under den tid då datainsamlingen pågick och 97 % av de individerna gav samtycke för att
deras data skulle användas för vetenskapliga syften.

27
I den här studiens sampel inkluderades alla de individer som hade besvarat frågorna
om både intrasexuell tävlan och partnervärde samt de individer som rapporterat att de under
studien var i ett varaktigt parförhållande och på frågan om sexuell läggning angett sig vara
heterosexuella. Av dessa inkluderades endast de individer som rapporterat att deras
könsidentitet överensstämmer med det kön som är markerat för dem i befolkningsregistret.
Under datainsamlingen var deltagarnas ålder mellan 18 och 61 (M = 30.48, SD = 8.22). Alla
de som inte uppfyllde inklusionskriterierna i studien exkluderades, vilket resulterade i ett
sampel som bestod av 4 848 individers svar.
Den här studien delades in i två delar utgående från de två första hypoteserna, som
prövades med två olika statistiska test och två olika sampelstorlekar. Sampelstorleken som
användes för att pröva den första hypotesen (del ett av studien) bestod av 3 889 individer. Av
dem var 2 512 kvinnor och 1 377 män. Sampelstorleken som användes för att pröva den
andra hypotesen (del två av studien) bestod av 4 848 individer. Av dem var 3 237 kvinnor
och 1 611 män. Den första sampelstorleken var mindre eftersom de potentiella
ovidkommande effekterna av släktskap behövde kontrolleras för genom att endast inkludera
en person per familj i analysen.
För att mäta deltagarnas grad av intrasexuell tävlan användes frågeformuläret
”Intrasexual Competition Scale” (ISC) (Buunk & Fisher, 2009). Formuläret består av tolv
frågor som mäter skillnader i intrasexuell tävlan som attityd. Skalan innehåller frågor som
mäter önskan att överträffa personer av samma kön som en själv, känslor av avundsjuka och
frustration när personer av samma kön som en själv klarar sig bättre, strävan efter att uppfatta
sig själv som bättre än andra personer av samma kön och känslor av tillfredsställelse när
högpresterande individer av samma kön som en själv förlorar ansiktet. Dessa fenomen skattas
genom frågor som skildrar situationer eller kontexter i vilka man möter rivaler inom samma
kön som en själv. För den här studien skapades två skilda summavariabler för intrasexuell

28
tävlan, en för kvinnor och en för män, eftersom frågorna är formulerade separat för de två
könen.
För att skapa ett mått för diskrepans i partnervärde användes två frågor: Överlag, hur
skulle du skatta din nivå av åtråvärdhet som partner jämfört med andra personer av samma
kön? Om du har en partner, överlag, hur skulle du skatta din partners nivå av åtråvärdhet som
en partner jämfört med andra personer av samma kön? Variabeln för diskrepans i
partnervärde skapades genom att subtrahera deltagarens estimat av sin partners partnervärde
från deltagarens självestimat av det egna partnervärdet. Därmed bestod värdet för
diskrepansen i partnervärde endast av deltagarens uppfattning av sitt partnervärde och sin
partners partnervärde. För att testa sambandet mellan diskrepans i partnervärde och den
individuella graden av intrasexuell tävlan, omkodade jag variabeln för diskrepans i
partnervärde så att diskrepansvärdet för en person var antingen – 1, 0 eller + 1. Värdet 0
indikerar att det enligt deltagaren inte finns någon diskrepans i partnervärde, värdet – 1
indikerar att deltagaren anser att partnern har ett högre partnervärde och värdet + 1 tyder på
att deltagaren anser att partnern har ett lägre partnervärde.
De statistiska analyserna genomfördes med programmet IBM SPSS (version 26). En
faktoriell ANCOVA och ett GEE-test användes för att pröva hypoteserna. För
huvudeffekterna genomfördes uppföljningstest med upprepade kontraster.

Resultat
I den första delen av studien, inom vilken kön inte togs i beaktande, hade diskrepans i
partnervärde en liten men signifikant huvudeffekt på intrasexuell tävlan. Individer som ansåg
att de hade ett högre partnervärde jämfört med sin partner tenderade att uppvisa en högre grad
intrasexuell tävlan. Det här resultatet motsade min första hypotes. Ålder hade ett signifikant
samband med intrasexuell tävlan. Yngre individer uppvisade en högre grad av intrasexuell

29
tävlan jämfört med äldre individer. Uppföljningstestens resultat visade att skillnaden mellan
de individer som ansåg sig ha ett lägre partnervärde jämfört med sin partner och de individer
som ansåg sig ha ett högre partnervärde var inte signifikant. Skillnaden mellan de individer
som ansåg sig ha samma partnervärde som sin partner och de individer som ansåg sig ha ett
högre partnervärde jämfört med sin partner var däremot signifikant.
Det fanns en liten men signifikant huvudeffekt av kön, vilket motsade min hypotes
om könsskillnader. Män uppvisade överlag en högre grad av intrasexuell tävlan jämfört med
kvinnor. Interaktionen mellan kön och diskrepans i partnervärde var signifikant, men effekten
av diskrepans i partnervärde på intrasexuell tävlan var mycket lik för både män och kvinnor.
Den största skillnaden mellan könen kunde observeras i gruppen där individer rapporterade
en avsaknad av diskrepans i partnervärde. I gruppen där kvinnor upplevde en avsaknad av
diskrepans i partnervärde, rapporterade de en lägre grad av intrasexuell tävlan jämfört med de
två andra grupperna där kvinnor upplevde att de hade högre eller lägre partnervärde jämfört
med sin partner. I den andra delen av den här studien hade endast männens uppskattning av
sitt eget partnervärde ett positivt signifikant samband med intrasexuell tävlan. Även detta
resultat motsade min hypotes.

Diskussion
Den här studiens syfte var att undersöka sambandet mellan diskrepans i partnervärde,
självestimerat partnervärde och graden av intrasexuell tävlan. Enligt hypoteserna som ställdes
förväntades det att de individer som anser att de har ett lägre partnervärde jämfört med sin
partner, skulle uppleva en högre grad av intrasexuell tävlan och att de individer som anser att
de har ett högt partnervärde, skulle uppleva en högre grad av intrasexuell tävlan jämfört med
personer som anser att de har ett lågt partnervärde. Utifrån tidigare forskning, förväntades
inga könsskillnader i graden av intrasexuell tävlan.

30
Resultaten i den första delen av den här studien visade att det fanns ett litet men
signifikant samband mellan diskrepans i partnervärde och graden av intrasexuell tävlan.
Individer som anser sig ha ett högre partnervärde i jämförelse med sin partner, tenderar att ha
en högre grad av intrasexuell tävlan. Detta resultat motsade min första hypotes. Det är möjligt
att personer med ett högt partnervärde kanske också innehar andra karaktäristika som bidrar
till den höga graden av intrasexuell tävlan. Om man exempelvis är generellt i hög grad
tävlingsinriktad, kunde man även uppleva en hög grad av intrasexuell tävlan (t.ex. kunde
individer som är mer tävlingsinriktade kanske även ha en högre tilltro till sin förmåga och
uppleva mer intrasexuell tävlan i olika situationer i jämförelse med mindre tävlingsinriktade
personer). Mer generellt tävlingsinriktade personer tenderar kanske att anse att de har ett högt
partnervärde och karaktäristika som gör en partner mer värdefull kunde även vara
karaktäristika som ökar individens tilltro till de egna förmågorna att lyckas i olika slags
tävlingssammanhang.
Resultat i tidigare forskning har visat att graden av intrasexuell tävlan varierar mellan
olika kontexter. Exempelvis har en uppfattning av ett knappt utbud av parningsmöjligheter ett
samband med en högre grad av intrasexuell tävlan, känslor av avundsjuka och aggressivitet
mot rivaler jämfört med när individer upplever att det finns rikliga mängder av
parningsmöjligheter. Intrasexuell konflikt är därmed både kopplat till attityder och beteende
samt är sensitiv för kontexten av parningsmöjligheter (Arnocky m.fl., 2014). Förutom att
graden av intrasexuell tävlan påverkas av den tillfälliga kontexten, indikerar forskning att
vissa personlighetsdrag har ett samband med graden av intrasexuell tävlan. Bland både
kvinnor och män har höga nivåer av neuroticism ett samband med graden av intrasexuell
tävlan. För kvinnor predicerar även låga nivåer av vänlighet (eng. agreeableness) höga nivåer
av intrasexuell tävlan hos individen, medan för män predicerar höga nivåer av extraversion
höga nivåer av intrasexuell tävlan (Buunk m.fl., 2017; Buunk & Fisher, 2009). Enligt

31
resultaten i den här studien förklarar kontexten av diskrepans i partnervärde en mycket liten
andel av variansen inom graden av intrasexuell tävlan, medan andra mer stabila särdrag inom
individen som personlighet, verkar förklara en större andel.
Enligt resultaten i den här studien är män en aning högre i graden av intrasexuell
tävlan jämfört med kvinnor, vilket även motsade min hypotes, men skillnaden är mycket liten
och skillnaderna inom könen var större än mellan könen. Det fanns även en signifikant
interaktion mellan kön och diskrepans i partnervärde men effekten av diskrepans i
partnervärde på graden av intrasexuell tävlan var mycket lik för både män oh kvinnor. En
möjlig förklaring till varför effekten av diskrepans i partnervärde på graden av intrasexuell
tävlan var ganska liten i den här studien, är att de tre grupper som deltagarna delades in i var
baserade på ett relativt grovt mått. Graden av skillnad i diskrepans i partnervärde inom de
olika grupperna kunde inte inkluderas som en kontinuerlig variabel i analyserna och därmed
kunde inte diskrepanserna av olika grad tas i beaktande i resultaten. En annan viktig
frågeställning är huruvida självestimatet av det egna partnervärdet är ett tillräckligt valitt mått
för partnervärde. En utomstående persons bedömning av partnervärdet för en individ kunde
överensstämma bättre med de attribut som partnervärde består av som en variabel i
jämförelse med självestimering.
Ålder hade ett signifikant samband med graden av intrasexuell tävlan. Yngre individer
upplevde en högre grad av intrasexuell tävlan i jämförelse med äldre individer, vilket var
förväntat i och med att individer borde enligt evolutionsteori uppleva mer tävlan för att
attrahera och behålla en partner under sina mest fertila levnadsår.
En av styrkorna i den här studien är den stora populationsbaserade sampelstorleken
som gör det möjligt att generalisera resultaten till den vuxna heterosexuella populationen i
Finland. Till studiens styrkor hör även att flera av de mått som användes var validerade och
uppvisade hög reliabilitet. Till begränsningarna i denna studie hör att samplet endast bestod

32
av heterosexuella individer. För att kunna få resultat som går att generalisera till hela
populationen, behöver man i fortsatt forskning sträva efter att inkludera individer av även
andra sexualiteter. En annan begränsning är att alla de mått som användes i den här studien är
självestimat och att svaren som användes i studien var uppskattningar av endast en partner i
förhållandet. Eftersom resultat i tidigare studier (Redlick, 2016; Sidelinger & McMullen,
2008) har visat att båda partner i ett förhållande tenderat att skatta sin partner som högre i
partnervärde kunde framtida forskning inkludera bedömningar av utomstående personer för
att få ett mer objektivt mått på partnervärde. Forskning har visat att en utomstående
bedömares uppskattning av attraktivitet inte har haft något samband med självestimerad
attraktivitet bland kvinnor och att kvinnor tenderar att överestimera sin attraktivitet (Brewer
m.fl. 2007; Pereira m.fl., 2019). Bland män har utomstående bedömares evalueringar haft ett
positivt samband med självestimerad attraktivitet (Pereira m.fl., 2019). Däremot skulle det för
den här studien ha varit mycket kostnads- och tidskrävande att inkludera bilder och
beskrivningar av alla deltagare samt att rekrytera utomstående bedömare, vilket i sin tur
skulle ha resulterat i en låg svarsfrekvens och sampelstorlek.
Sammanfattningsvis bidrar studien till en ökad förståelse av hur sambandet mellan
diskrepans i partnervärde, självskattat partnervärde och graden av intrasexuell tävlan ser ut.
Den statistiska styrkan i studien är hög tack vare det stora samplet men effektstorlekarna var
små. Resultaten i studien visar att individer som upplever att de har ett högre partnervärde än
sin partner tenderar att ha en högre grad av intrasexuell tävlan. Enligt resultaten i den här
studien upplever män som rapporterar att de har ett högt partnervärde, en högre grad av
intrasexuell tävlan i jämförelse med män som rapporterar att de har ett lågt partnervärde.
Enligt resultaten upplever yngre individer en högre grad av intrasexuell tävlan i jämförelse
med äldre individer och män upplever överlag en högre grad av intrasexuell tävlan i
jämförelse med kvinnor. Framtida forskning kunde undersöka vilka faktorer som förklarar en

33
större andel av variansen för den individuella graden av intrasexuell tävlan och utforska
orsaker till att personer som upplever att de har ett högre partnervärde än sin partner, tenderar
att ha en högre grad av intrasexuell tävlan.

34
References
Agthe, M., Spörrle, M., Frey, D., Walper, S., & Maner, J. K. (2013). When Romance and
Rivalry Awaken: Attractiveness-Based Social Judgment Biases Emerge at Adolescence.
Human Nature, 24(2), 182–195. https://doi.org/10.1007/s12110-013-9166-z
Agthe, M., Spörrle, M., & Maner, J. K. (2011). Does being attractive always help? positive
and negative effects of attractiveness on social decision making. Personality and Social
Psychology Bulletin, 37(8), 1042–1054. https://doi.org/10.1177/0146167211410355
Andersson, M. (1994). Sexual selection. Princeton University Press.
Arnocky, S., Ribout, A., Mirza, R. S., & Knack, J. M. (2014). Perceived mate availability
influences intrasexual competition, jealousy and mate-guarding behavior. Journal of
Evolutionary Psychology, 12(1), 45–64. https://doi.org/10.1556/JEP.12.2014.1.3
Arnocky, Steven, & Vaillancourt, T. (2012). A Multi-Informant Longitudinal Study on the
Relationship between Aggression, Peer Victimization, and Dating Status in
Adolescence. Evolutionary Psychology, 10(2), 253–270.
Bleske-Rechek, A., & Lighthall, M. (2010). Attractiveness and rivalry in women’s
friendships with women. Human Nature, 21(1), 82–97. https://doi.org/10.1007/s12110010-9081-5
Brase, G. L., & Guy, E. C. (2004). The demographics of mate value and self-esteem.
Personality and Individual Differences, 36(2), 471–484. https://doi.org/10.1016/S01918869(03)00117-X
Brewer, G., Archer, J., & Manning, J. (2007). Physical attractiveness: The objective
ornament and subjective self-ratings. Journal of Evolutionary Psychology, 5(1), 29–38.
https://doi.org/10.1556/JEP.2007.1006
Buss, D.M. (1988). The Evolution of Human Intrasexual Competition: Tactics of Mate
Attraction. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 4(4).

35
Buss, D.M. (2002). Human Mate Guarding. Neuroendocrinology Letters, 23(4), 23–29.
Buss, D.M., & Barnes, M. (1986). Preferences in human mate selection. Journal of
Personality and Social Psychology, 50(3). https://doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.50.3.559
Buss, D.M., & Dedden, L. A. (1990). Derogation of Competitors. Journal of Social and
Personal Relationships, 7(3), 395–422. https://doi.org/10.1177/0265407590073006
Buss, D.M., & Shackelford, T. K. (1997). Susceptibility to Infidelity in the First Year of
Marriage. Journal of Research in Personality, 31, 193–221.
Buss, D.M., Shackelford, T. K., Choe, J., Buunk, B. P., & Dijkstra, P. (2000). Distress about
mating rivals. Personal Relationships, 7, 235–243.
Buss, D.M. (1994). The evolution of desire: Strategies of human mating. Basic Books.
Buston, P. M., & Emlen, S. T. (2003). Cognitive processes underlying human mate choice:
The relationship between self-perception and mate preference in Western society. PNAS,
100(15).
Buunk, A.P., & Fisher, M. (2009). Individual differences in intrasexual competition. Journal
of Evolutionary Psychology, 7(1), 37–48. https://doi.org/10.1556/JEP.7.2009.1.5
Buunk, A.P., Fornari Bucksath, A., & Cordero, S. (2017). Intrasexual competitiveness and
personality traits: A study in Uruguay. Personality and Individual Differences, 108,
178–181. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.paid.2016.11.060
Buunk, A.P., & Massar, K. (2012). Intrasexual competition among males: Competitive
towards men, prosocial towards women. Personality and Individual Differences, 52(7),
818–821. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.paid.2012.01.010
Buunk, A.P., & Stulp, G. (2014). Parental Social Status and Intrasexual Competitiveness
among Adolescents. Evolutionary Psychology, 12(5), 1022–1037.
Buunk, A.P., Massar, K., & Dijkstra, P. (2007). A social cognitive evolutionary approach to
jealousy: The automatic evaluation of one’s romantic rivals. Evolution and the Social

36
Mind: Evolutionary Psychology and Social Cognition, 213–228.
https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2006-20474-013
Conroy-Beam, D., Goetz, C. D., & Buss, D. M. (2016). What predicts romantic relationship
satisfaction and mate retention intensity: mate preference fulfillment or mate value
discrepancies? Evolution and Human Behavior, 37(6), 440–448.
https://doi.org/10.1016/j.evolhumbehav.2016.04.003
Danel, D. P., Siennicka, A., Glińska, K., Fedurek, P., Nowak-Szczepańska, N., Jankowska, E.
A., Pawłowski, B., & Lewandowski, Z. (2017). Female perception of a partner’s mate
value discrepancy and controlling behaviour in romantic relationships. Acta Ethologica,
20(1). https://doi.org/10.1007/s10211-016-0240-5
Darwin, C. (1871). The Descent of Man and Selection in Relation to Sex. John Murray.
Davies, A. P. C., & Shackelford, T. K. (2017). Don’t you wish your partner was hot like me?:
The effectiveness of mate poaching across relationship types considering the relative
mate-values of the poacher and the partner of the poached. Personality and Individual
Differences, 106, 32–35. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.paid.2016.10.029
Dijkstra, P., & Buunk, B. P. (1998). Jealousy as a function of rival characteristics: an
evolutionary perspective. Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin, 24(11), 1158–
1166.
Dijkstra, Pieternel, & Buunk, B. P. (2002). Sex differences in the jealousy-evoking effect of
rival characteristics. European Journal of Social Psychology, 32(6), 829–852.
https://doi.org/10.1002/ejsp.125
Faer, L. M., Hendriks, A., Abed, R. T., & Figueredo, A. J. (2005). The evolutionary
psychology of eating disorders: Female competition for mates or for status? Psychology
and Psychotherapy: Theory, Research and Practice, 78(3), 397–417.
https://doi.org/10.1348/147608305X42929

37
Fernandez, A. M., Muñoz-Reyes, J. A., Buunk, A. P., Pavez, P., & Figueroa, O. (2019).
Attachment and intrasexual competitiveness in committed individuals from Chile.
Interpersona, 13(1), 47–56. https://doi.org/10.5964/ijpr.v13i1.326
Fisher, M., & Cox, A. (2011). Four strategies used during intrasexual competition for mates.
Personal Relationships, 18(1), 20–38. https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1475-6811.2010.01307.x
Fisher, M., Cox, A., & Gordon, F. (2009). Self-promotion versus competitor derogation: The
influence of sex and romantic relationship status on intrasexual competition strategy
selection. Journal of Evolutionary Psychology, 7(4), 287–308.
https://doi.org/10.1556/JEP.7.2009.4.6
Gangestad, S. W., & Simpson, J. A. (2000). The evolution of human mating: Trade-offs and
strategic pluralism. Behavioral and Brain Sciences, 23, 573–644.
Gutierres, S. E., Kenrick, D. T., & Partch, J. J. (1999). Beauty, dominance, and the mating
game: Contrast effects in self-assessment reflect gender differences in mate selection.
Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin, 25(9), 1126–1134.
https://doi.org/10.1177/01461672992512006
Hromatko, I., Bajoghli, H., Rebernjak, B., Tadinac, M., & Joshaghani, N. (2015).
Relationship satisfaction as a function of mate value. Evolutionary Behavioral Sciences,
9(4), 242–256. https://doi.org/10.1037/ebs0000055
Hughes, S., Champion, A., Brown, K., Hesse, C., & Pedersen, C. L. (2020). The influence of
sexual orientation on reputational punishment of other women’s behaviour. Psychology
and Sexuality, 1–15. https://doi.org/10.1080/19419899.2020.1728366
Johansson, A., Jern, P., Santtila, P., von der Pahlen, B., Eriksson, E., Westberg, L., Nyman,
H., Pensar, J., Corander, J., & Sandnabba, N. K. (2013). The Genetics of Sexuality and
Aggression (GSA) Twin Samples in Finland. Twin Research and Human Genetics,
16(1). https://doi.org/10.1017/thg.2012.108

38
Kenrick, D. T., Groth, G. E., Trost, M. R., & Sadalla, E. K. (1993). Integrating Evolutionary
and Social Exchange Perspectives on Relationships: Effects of Gender, Self-Appraisal,
and Involvement Level on Mate Selection Criteria. In Journal of Personality and Social
Psychology, 64(6).
Kenrick, D. T., Neuberg, S. L., Zierk, K. L., & Krones, J. M. (1994). Evolution and Social
Cognition: Contrast Effects as a Function of Sex, Dominance, and Physical
Attractiveness. Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin, 20(2).
https://doi.org/10.1177/0146167294202008
Leenaars, L. S., Dane, A. v., & Marini, Z. A. (2008). Evolutionary perspective on indirect
victimization in adolescence: The role of attractiveness, dating and sexual behavior.
Aggressive Behavior, 34(4), 404–415. https://doi.org/10.1002/ab.20252
Li, N. P., Smith, A. R., Griskevicius, V., Cason, M. J., & Bryan, A. (2010). Intrasexual
competition and eating restriction in heterosexual and homosexual individuals.
Evolution and Human Behavior, 31(5), 365–372.
https://doi.org/10.1016/j.evolhumbehav.2010.05.004
Lippa, R. A. (2007). The preferred traits of mates in a cross-national study of heterosexual
and homosexual men and women: An examination of biological and cultural influences.
Archives of Sexual Behavior, 36(2), 193–208. https://doi.org/10.1007/s10508-006-91512
Maner, J. K., Miller, S. L., Moss, J. H., Leo, J. L., & Ashby Plant, E. (2012). Motivated
social categorization: Fundamental motives enhance people’s sensitivity to basic social
categories. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 103(1), 70–83.
https://doi.org/10.1037/a0028172

39
Maner, J. K., Miller, S. L., Rouby, D. A., & Gailliot, M. T. (2009). Intrasexual Vigilance:
The Implicit Cognition of Romantic Rivalry. Journal of Personality and Social
Psychology, 97(1), 74–87. https://doi.org/10.1037/a0014055
Massar, K., & Buunk, A. P. (2010). Judging a book by its cover: Jealousy after subliminal
priming with attractive and unattractive faces. Personality and Individual Differences,
49(6), 634–638. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.paid.2010.05.037
Nettle, D. (2006). The evolution of personality variation in humans and other animals.
American Psychologist, 61(6), 622.
Nowak, N., & Danel, D. (2014). Mate value asymmetry and relationship satisfaction in
Female Opinion. Journal of Sex and Marital Therapy, 40(5), 425–433.
https://doi.org/10.1080/0092623X.2012.756839
Park, L. E., & Maner, J. K. (2009). Does Self-Threat Promote Social Connection? The Role
of Self-Esteem and Contingencies of Self-Worth. Journal of Personality and Social
Psychology, 96(1), 203–217. https://doi.org/10.1037/a0013933
Pereira, K. J., Silva, C. S. A. da, Havlíček, J., Kleisner, K., Varella, M. A. C., Pavlovič, O., &
Valentova, J. V. (2019). Femininity-masculinity and attractiveness – Associations
between self-ratings, third-party ratings and objective measures. Personality and
Individual Differences, 147, 166–171. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.paid.2019.04.033
Redlick, M. (2016). The green-eyed monster: Mate value, relational uncertainty, and jealousy
in romantic relationships. Personal Relationships, 23(3), 505–516.
https://doi.org/10.1111/pere.12140
Russock, H. (2011). An evolutionary interpretation of the effect of gender and sexual
orientation on human mate selection preferences, as indicated by an analysis of personal
advertisements. Behaviour, 148, 307–323. https://doi.org/10.2307/23034195

40
Schmitt, D. P., & Buss, D. M. (1996). Strategic Self-Promotion and Competitor Derogation:
Sex and Context Effects on the Perceived Effectiveness of Mate Attraction Tactics.
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 70(6), 1185–1204.
https://doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.70.6.1185
Sidelinger, R. J., & Booth-Butterfield, M. (2007). Mate value discrepancy as predictor of
forgiveness and jealousy in romantic relationships. International Journal of
Phytoremediation, 55(2), 207–223. https://doi.org/10.1080/01463370701290426
Sidelinger, R. J., & Mcmullen, A. L. (2008). Exploring Mate Value across Two Studies:
From Perceptions to Enhancement. Human Communication, 11, 53–70.
Silverthorne, Z. A., & Quinsey, V. L. (2000). Sexual partner age preferences of homosexual
and heterosexual men and women. Archives of Sexual Behavior, 29(1), 67–76.
https://doi.org/10.1023/A:1001886521449
Trivers, R. (1972). Parental Investment and Sexual Selection, Sexual Selection and the
Descent of Man, Aldine de Gruyter, New York, 136–179.
Vaillancourt, T. (2013). Do human females use indirect aggression as an intrasexual
competition strategy. Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society B: Biological
Sciences, 368(1631). https://doi.org/10.1098/rstb.2013.0080
Vaillancourt, T., & Sharma, A. (2011). Intolerance of sexy peers: Intrasexual competition
among women. Aggressive Behavior, 37(6), 569–577. https://doi.org/10.1002/ab.20413
van Brummen–Girigori, O., & Buunk, A. (2016). Intrasexual competitiveness and non-verbal
seduction strategies to attract males: A study among teenage girls from Curaçao.
Evolution and Human Behavior, 37(2), 134–141.
https://doi.org/10.1016/j.evolhumbehav.2015.09.007
van de Mortel, T. F. (2008). Faking it: Social Desirability Response Bias in Self-report
Research. The Australian Journal of Advanced Nursing, 25(4), 40.

41
VanderLaan, D. P., & Vasey, P. L. (2008). Mate retention behavior of men and women in
heterosexual and homosexual relationships. Archives of Sexual Behavior, 37(4), 572–
585. https://doi.org/10.1007/s10508-006-9139-y
Waynforth, D. (2001). Mate choice trade-offs and women’s preference for physically
attractive men. Human Nature, 12(3), 207–215.
Welling, L. L., & Shackelford, T. K. (2019). The Oxford Handbook of Evolutionary
Psychology and Behavioral Endocrinology. Oxford University Press.

PRESSMEDDELANDE
Skillnader i partnervärde verkar vara förknippat med den individuella graden av
intrasexuell tävlan
Pro gradu-avhandling i psykologi
Fakulteten för humaniora, psykologi och teologi, Åbo Akademi

Resultaten från en pro gradu-avhandling vid Åbo Akademi tyder på att individer som anser
sig ha ett högre partnervärde i jämförelse med sin partner, tenderar att uppvisa en högre grad
av intrasexuell tävlan. Syftet med studien var att utforska sambandet mellan självskattad
skillnad i partnervärde och graden av intrasexuell tävlan samt om könsskillnader kunde
observeras. Resultaten i studien tyder även på att män uppvisar överlag en högre grad av
intrasexuell tävlan jämfört med kvinnor, men skillnaden är mycket liten och skillnaderna
inom könen var större än mellan könen. Resultaten indikerar dessutom att yngre individer
uppvisar en högre grad av intrasexuell tävlan jämfört med äldre individer.
Deltagarna i studien bestod i sin helhet av 4 848 heterosexuella vuxna (3 237 kvinnor och
1 611 män) som deltagit i en finländsk populationsbaserad studie i vilken data hade samlats
genom en nätenkät.
Det är viktigt att notera att inget orsakssamband har undersökts i studien, vilket innebär att
man inte kan dra slutsatser om att skillnader i partnervärde skulle påverka graden av
intrasexuell tävlan eller tvärtom. Framtida studier kunde undersöka vilka faktorer som
förklarar en större andel av variationen inom skillnader i graden av intrasexuell tävlan och
vilka orsaker som kunde finnas bakom att personer som upplever att de har ett högre
partnervärde än sin partner, tenderar att uppvisa en högre grad av intrasexuell tävlan.
Avhandlingen utfördes av Elle Anthoni under handledning av Patrik Jern.
Ytterligare information fås av:
Elle Anthoni
E-post: elle.anthoni@abo.fi

