http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10 environmental awareness
environmental awareness environmental consciousness
Prospects for renewable energy education (REE) in elevating youth energy and environmental awareness in Jordan
Zero waste home : the ultimate guide to simplifying your life
Lakes and reservoirs. Vol. 4, ...How to involve the public in protecting them from degradation
How should perceptions and conceptions of sustainability and citizenship influence teaching-learning processes for sustainable development education and intercultural sensitivity?
Landmark essays on rhetoric and the environment
Our place, my future and their project : reflecting children's lifeworld in education for sustainable development
Education, environment and society
Environmental politics : new geographical and social constituencies
The lived experiences of environmental activists in Finland : a phenomenological study
Mapping the journey : case studies in strategy and action toward sustainable development
Buddha on Wall Street : what's wrong with capitalism and what we can do about it
Rethinking global land use in an urban era
Summary. - Résumé. - Resumen.
Community culture and the environment : a guide to understanding a sense of place
Dependable cognitive wireless networking:modelling and design
The acquisition and development of environmental cognition in children
Euro awareness messages : module on the environment, sustainability and awareness geared towards European schools
World trends in education for sustainable development
Environmental attitudes of british winter travellers in Fell Lapland
From human well-being to the well-being of the biopshere : political implications of biopolitical environmentalism
The greening of everyday life : challenging practices, imagining possibilities
Meri Valvoo & Pallomeri : ethico-aesthetic interventions in public space
Money, consumption and the environment : young consumers at the beginning of the 21st century
Cross-national differences in the environmental consciousness
"A more sustainable world for all" : ethics in the claimed environmentalism of business actors
Attitudes of political decision-makers in Namibia regarding the value of their natural environment
Knowledge of environmental issues : where pupils acquire information and how it affects their attitudes, opinions, and laboratory behaviour
Nature and the environment
Renewing the face of the Earth : a theological and pastoral response to climate change
Individual and structural determinants of environmental practice
New ecological energy solutions and its business opportunities for the Finnish boat industry
Magazine design : how to affect a reader's values? : a study based on the project of creating design for the Ympäristö magazine
BalticSeaNow.info : experiences in public involvement
Thinking through the environment : a reader
The ground rules : a manual to reconnect soil and soul
The art of natural resource management : poetics, policy, practice
The coming transformation : values to sustain human and natural communities
Green culture : environmental rhetoric in contemporary America
Eco-chic : the fashion paradox
Innovative approaches to global sustainability
Learning to reason in environmental education : digital tools, access points to knowledge and science literacy
Managerial challenges in environmental innovation : case studies in the electrical equipment and automotive sectors
Toxic tourism : rhetorics of pollution, travel, and environmental justice
What makes us environmentally friendly? : social psychological studies on environmental concern, components of morality and emotional connectedness to nature
Managing human resources for environmental sustainability
Examining the environmental awareness of children and adolescents in the Ranomafana region, Madagascar
The scope and limits of implicit visual change detection
Popular(ized) environmental rhetoric : a toulminian approach
Environmental profile of the swimming pool customers : the customer survey results
Living standards and changing expectations : investigating domestic necessity and environmental sustainability in an affluent society
Towards Baltic Sea Citizenship : experiences in public involment
How green is your class? : over 50 ways your students can make a difference
Developing ecological consciousness : the end of separation
An investigation of Japan's relationship to nature and environment
The green office : how to live well, be green and make a difference
The infulence of environmental attitudes and other factors on travel mode choice - case Vuosaari
Sustainable development : linking economy, society, environment
The environment in contexts : environmental concern in the Komi Republic (Russia)
The childrens green thread
The environment in contexts:environmental concern in the Komi Republic (Russia)
Education for sustainability : becoming naturally smart
Applying the theory of social marketing for environmental campaign: : Fostering waste separation and recycling in the city of Altea by increasing environmental awareness and influencing behavioural change.
"Green Screen identifies the various ways in which the natural world and the built environment have been conceptualised in American culture, and analyses the interplay of environmental ideologies at work in Hollywood movies. David Ingram argues that Hollywood cinema plays an important ideological role in the 'greenwashing' of ecological discourses, while largely perpetuating romantic attitudes to nature, including those prevalent in deep ecological thought. These arcadian constructions remain ultimately at the service of a mainstream environmentalist agenda."--BOOK JACKET.
A moment on the earth : the coming age of environmental optimism
Educating for Earth 3.0: the sustainable planet
Abstract book : Seventh Annual Seminar of the Arctic Graduate School, Arktis : 'Towards an integrated understanding of industrialization and climate change in social-ecological systems of the North' : 1-3rd April, 2009 Rovaniemi, Finland
Green patriot posters : graphics for a sustainable community
Green is the new black : how to change the world with style
Strengths and challenges in the Finnish waste electrical and electronic equipment recovery system:consumers’ perceptions and participation
The Many Shades of Green : a study on the values and action of young environmentalists
A keener perception : ecocritical studies in american art history
Environment and tourism
Do good lives have to cost the earth?
The age of ecology : a global history
Environmental design : an introduction for architects and engineers
The Finns and sustainable development : how do we measure opinions about sustainable development?
Lifestyles and social change : essays in economic sociology
Environmental good practice on site
Lakes and reservoirs. Vol. 3, Water quality : the impact of eutrophication
Sustainable development at universities: New horizons
The rough guide to green living
Clean tech, clean profits : using effective innovation and sustainable business practices to win in the new low-carbon economy
The greening of everyday life' develops a distinctive new way of talking about environmental concerns in post-industrial society. It brings together several conceptual frameworks with a diversity of case studies and practical examples of efforts to orient everyday material practices toward greater sustainability. The volume builds upon internal criticisms of dominant strands of contemporary environmentalism in post-industrial societies, and develops a new approach which emerges from a number of disciplines, but is unified by a normative concern for the material objects and practices familiar to members of societies in their everyday lives. In exploring alternatives, the chapter authors utilize conceptual frameworks rooted in environmental justice, new materialism, and social practice theory and apply it to the everyday; attention to urban biodiversity, infrastructure for storm water run-off, green home remodelling, household toxicity, community gardens and farmers markets, bicycling and automobility, alternative technologies, and more. With contributions from leading international and emerging scholars, this volume critically explores specific strategies and actions taken to generate homes, communities, and livelihoods that might be scaled-up to promote more sustainable societies.
The natural home : stylish living inspired by nature
Awareness and participation towards encouraging sustainable urban water management : a case study of the Jakkur Lake, Bangalore
Environmental awareness in Britain and Finland
Natural saints : how people of faith are working to save God's Earth
Teaching ecocriticism and green cultural studies
The power of the talking stick : indigenous politics and the world ecological crisis
Implementing education for active citizenship and sustainability
Sustainability in libraries : A comparative study of ecological sustainability in IFLA WLIC 2012
Earth calling : a climate change handbook for the 21st century
Applying the theory of social marketing for environmental campaign : fostering waste separation and recycling in the city of Altea by increasing environmental awareness and influencing behavioural change
Environment and society : sustainability, policy and the citizen
Empowering green initiatives with IT : a strategy and implementation guide
Zero waste home : the ultimate guide to simplifying your life by reducing your waste
Teaching environmental literacy : across campus and across the curriculum
Flight-free Europe : great breaks by rail, road & sea
Transformative learning in practice : insights from community, workplace, and higher education
What does it mean to "eat Jewishly"? : authorizing discourse in the Jewish food movement in Toronto, Canada
Green screen : environmentalism and Hollywood cinema
My life in pink & green
Aesth/ethics in environmental change : hiking through the arts, ecology, religion and ethics of the environment
Higher ground : How to travel responsibly without roughing it
Less is more : embracing simplicity for a healthy planet, a caring economy and lasting happiness
"Providing insights from leading global experts from the environmental technology and finance sectors, under the guidance of Will Oulton, Director of Responsible Investment at FTSE Group, this important book looks at the prospects for low carbon technologies and services which are fundamental to mitigating climate change. The book also shows how the fast developing global environmental technology sector can provide excellent long term, sustainable and superior investment opportunities." -- Back cover.
Corporate environmental responsibility in Singapore and Malaysia : the potential and limits of voluntary initiatives
Research journal of textile and apparel
Wake up and smell the planet : the non-pompous, non-preachy grist guide to greening your day
Environmentally sustainable facility design and management of a business community
From apocalypse to way of life : environmental crisis in the American century
"A Shmita Manifesto" : a radical sabbatical approach to Jewish food reform in the United States
”A more sustainable world for all.” Ethics in the claimed environmentalism of business actors
UNEP Global Judges Programme
Environment and society : human perspectives on environmental issues
250 things you can do to green the world
Romanticism and the materiality of nature
Environmental management and pathways to sustainable tourism : reflections in international tourism
Investment opportunities for a low carbon world
Environmental ethics : an introduction to environmental philosophy
Ecologic : the truth and lies of green economics
The role of libraries in promoting awareness on environmental problems : Sub-regional Workshop, 25-29 March 1991, Bangkok
Measuring changes in consumption and production patterns : a set of indicators
Voluntary simplicity : toward a way of life that is outwardly simple, inwardly rich
The age of environmentalism
Actions for the 2010 biodiversity target in Europe : how does research contribute to halting biodiversity loss? : short report of an electronic conference, October 2006
Turning corporate behaviour into sustainability : challenges of environmental strategies in industry
The Chinese party-state in the 21st century : adaptation and the reinvention of legitimacy
"A straightforward guide to the role of IT departments and vendor's in assisting organizations in going green with the aid of IT-related resources and offerings. This book provides organizations with strategy, planning, implementation, assessment guidance for their Green initiatives. It discusses the many benefits of Green initiatives with the assistance, integration and collaboration of IT department and vendors, i.e. custom and vendor application development and reporting tools, Green IT examples, business intelligence dashboards that can perform analytical and predictive analysis of green related business data. Outlines the major benefits to be gained through Green initiatives with IT. Shows you how your business can strategize, plan, implement, assess Green initiatives solutions with IT. Explores how to develop Green initiative strategies, plans, projects, and assessments that integrate IT resources and offerings effectively. Practical and thorough, this book includes helpful checklists, glossary, and resources to get started with your business's Green initiatives".
Summary: Environmentalism as a regulative idea : social psychological analysis.
Vanishing habitats and species
Some steps towards Plato's ecopolitics in the Laws
The ozone hole
Perceptions of nature, expressions of nation : an environmental history of Estonia
Understanding Fukushima : designing for an embodied interaction with citizen science data
Sustainability in libraries : a comparative study of ecological sustainability in IFLA WLIC 2012
Creating sustainable prosperity in the United States : the need for innovation and leadership
Swedish summary.
Contemporary issues in green and ethical marketing
Marketing strategy : the challenge of the external environment
At La Capilla de Santa Maria, parishioners weatherized their church in an effort to decrease the utility bills that took up a fifth of the annual budget. At Jubilee Community Church, parents and the education coordinator revised the Sunday School curriculum to integrate care of creation for all age levels. And at All People's Church in Milwaukee, the sanctuary became a free farmer's market on Sundays with produce grown by youth. Natural Saints shares the stories and strategies of contemporary church leaders, parishioners, and religious environmentalists working to define a new environmental movement, where justice as a priority for the church means a clean and safe environment for all. Mallory McDuff shows that a focus on God's earth is transforming both people and congregations, creating more relevant and powerful ministries. As a result, people of faith are forming a new environmental movement with a moral mandate to care for God's earth. McDuff highlights eight key ministries: protecting human dignity, feeding the hungry, creating sacred spaces, responding to natural disasters, promoting justice, making a pilgrimage, educating youth, and bearing witness. With two daughters in tow, she traveled across the country to document environmental actions grounded in faith. This journey transformed the author's own faith and hope for a sustainable future. Congregations and individuals seeking to integrate care of creation into their faith community will find inspiration and concrete advice in the lives of these natural saints. Review: "Mallory McDuff provides a narrative on the church's role with environmental issues that is rich with stories and contextual detail. This book is a must read for anyone interested in how churches are working to protect God's Creation." --Cassandra Carmichael, Director of Washington Office and Eco-Justice Programs, National Council of Churches "In her stories about cob ovens, toxic tours, mountaintop removal, and eco-Shabbat prayer, Mallory McDuff gives voice to grassroots individuals and movements that address hard questions of race, poverty, hunger and economics in 21st century America. She challenges religious communities to be 'partners for justice' not mere 'givers of charity.' We should all take notice." --Bill J. Leonard, Professor of Church History, the Divinity School, Wake Forest University "The action needed to protect the environment and provide a sustainable future will not happen without the moral voice that religion brings to the dialogue. McDuff brings those actions motivated by Christian values together with crucial environmental needs, demonstrating that merging the two will result in justice and reconciliation. This is an important book for understanding the role that religion will and must play in healing this wounded Creation." --The Reverend Sally G. Bingham, President, The Regeneration Project, Interfaith Power and Light Campaign "This plain-spoken book is both unsettling and hope-inspiring, as it surveys works of destruction and of healing across our land. McDuff offers detailed yet clear analyses of what motivates individuals, congregations, and organizations, and what makes their ministries effective. The breadth of coverage here gives readers the opportunity to widen their concerns and perhaps to find their own calling to work for the healing of the earth and of local communities." --Ellen F. Davis, author of Scripture, Culture, and Agriculture: An Agrarian Reading of the Bible"Every now a
Ecovillage living : restoring the earth and her people
Culture, creativity and environment : new environmentalist criticism
Dressed to fill : producing and filling PET bottles
Greening the firm : the politics of corporate environmentalism
Arcadian America : The death and life of an environmental tradition
Hunting, fishing, and environmental virtue : reconnecting sportsmanship and conservation
Environmental literacy
More from agriculture : testing the concept and practise of locally driven environmental initiatives
Gender and environment
Sustainability : a cultural history
Abstract: Applying the theory of social marketing for environmental campaign : fostering waste separation and recycling in the city of Altea by increasing environmental awareness and influencing behavioural change. This paper is a research performed for finding solutions to increase the amount of waste separation and recycling in the city of Altea. The paper presents the main characteristics that differentiate social marketing from the traditional business marketing most important being the attributes of the product and its cost. They are presented the among the relevant theories for understanding what social marketing is. The implementation of the theory is supported by reviewing relevant literature and demonstrating case studies. Social marketing is more than advertising. As in business marketing, the best result requires the consistent use of the whole marketing mix. The process starts by indicating the target audience and the barriers they face for performing the desired behaviour. The benefits of the behaviour have to be highlighted in contrast to costs. The message has to be developed to be personal, easy to understand and remember and it has to clearly state what is expected from the audience. Among various tools, the most powerful tool in increasing the motivation of the people was noticed to be to generate involvement and empowering the people in the target audience. The paper works as an overview of the problems and solutions. Lack of deep primary and secondary research prevented the development of a proper and extensive marketing plan.
Dependable cognitive wireless networking : modelling and design
The roots of environmental consciousness : popular tradition and personal experience
Corporate social responsibility in Indonesia : quixotic dream or confident expectation?
Transformative learning : educational vision for the 21st century
Views on biodiversity research in Europe
Green arguments and local subsistence
The failure of environmental education (and how we can fix it)
The human-environment relationship and environmental consciousness of students at the University of Joensuu
Young Adults’ Environmental Knowledge, Attitudes and Travelling Behavior
Energy, policy, and the environment : modeling sustainable development for the north
Voluntary initiatives for sustainable tourism
Sustainability at universities : opportunities, challenges and trends
The global casino : an introduction to environmental issues
Environmental consciousness : the roots of a new political agenda
Nigeria`s WEEE market : business opportunity for Finnish SMEs
Development and environment in the North : the proceedings of the 13th International Abashiri Symposium
