http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10095 documentary literature
documentary literature
My name is Rachel Corrie : taken from the writings of Rachel Corrie
Madison Square tragedy : the murder of Stanford White
The search for Sherlock Holmes
The fury in the fire
Imagination as extrapolation and as creation : the challenge of Norman Mailer's documentary extravaganza The Castle in the forest
Killer elite : may the best man live
Thematic guide to popular nonfiction
The adversary novel : a true story of murder and deception
Beyond the movie
Supersized : Strange Tales from a Fast-food Culture
American modernism and depression documentary
Rafah, a town at the southernmost tip of the Gaza Strip, is a squalid place. Raw concrete buildings front rubbish-strewn alleys. The narrow streets are crowded with young children and unemployed men. Situated on the border with Egypt, swaths of Rafah have been reduced to rubble. Rafah is today and has always been a notorious flashpoint in this most bitter of conflicts. Buried deep in the archives is one bloody incident, in 1956, that left 111 Palestinian refugees dead, shot by Israeli soldiers. Seemingly a footnote to a long history of killing, that day in Rafah - coldblooded massacre or dreadful mistake - reveals the competing truths that have come to define an intractable war. In a quest to get to the heart of what happened, Joe Sacco arrives in Gaza and, immersing himself in daily life, uncovers Rafah, past and present. Spanning fifty years, moving fluidly between one war and the next, alive with the voices of fugitives and schoolchildren, widows and sheikhs, Footnotes in Gaza captures the essence of a tragedy. As in Palestine and Safe Area Gora de, Joe Sacco's unique visual journalism has rendered a contested landscape in brilliant, meticulous detail. Footnotes in Gaza, his most ambitious work to date, transforms a critical conflict of our age into intimate and immediate experience.
A night at the cinema
The poisonwood Bible
Illuminating Angels and demons
The haunted book
Afghanistan, where God only comes to weep
Do I come here often? : black coffee blues pt 2
Midnight in the garden of good and evil
Smile, You're travelling : black coffee blues pt 3
They must be represented : the politics of documentary
Indiana gothic : a true story of love, betrayal and murder in the American midwest
A history of American literary journalism : the emergence of a modern narrative form
Footnotes in Gaza
Night of triumph
Let us now praise famous men : three tenant families
The Gulag archipelago 1918-1956 : An experiment in literary investigation
You could do something amazing with your life (you are Raoul Moat)
Mirror of our lives : voices of four igbo women
Green River killer : true detective story
Daniel Stein, a Polish Jew, miraculously survives the Holocaust by working in the Gestapo as an interpreter. After the war, he converts to Catholicism, becomes a priest, enters the Order of Barefoot Carmelites and emigrates to Israel. Despite this seeming impossibility, the life and destiny of Daniel Stein are not an invention, the character is based on the life of Oswald Rufeisen, the real Brother Daniel, a Carmelite monk. In Daniel Stein, Interpreter, Daniel's ability and willingness to communicate with all cultures, to translate across linguistic and cultural divides, assures his freedom and stands as a symbol of love, humanity and tolerance.
The anatomy of a moment
The lawgiver
The lives of Sacco and Vanzetti
Behind the beautiful forevers : life, death and hope in a Mumbai slum
In cold blood : The classic study of crime and punishment
The midwife
Literary journalism in the twentieth century
The poetics of Norman Mailer's nonfiction : self-reflexivity, literary form, and the rhetoric of narrative
Documentary comics : graphic truth-telling in a skeptical age
Breaking point : Bengt Packalén interviewed by Tuva Korsström
Half of a yellow sun
The poisonwood bible
Luckiest girl alive
Hunt the wolf
The city of falling angels
Black coffee blues
On writing well : the classic guide to writing nonfiction
Journalism
A hundred and one days
The vagrants
The day without yesterday
A fire on the moon
Green River killer : a true detective story
Fred & Edie
The photographer
The boy from baby house 10 : how one child escaped the nightmare of a Russian orphanage
Dispatches
Crime wave : reportage and fiction from the underside of L.A
All involved
The three
Telling the truth : the theory and practice of documentary fiction
The Fixer / a story from Sarajevo
The chosen ones
Luckiest girl alive : a novel
All involved : a novel
Manufacturing truth : the documentary moment in early Soviet culture
Robinson Crusoe
The cross and the switchblade
During one of his several adventurous voyages in the 1600s, an Englishman becomes the sole survivor of a shipwreck and lives for nearly thirty years on a deserted island.
The British conception of the Finnish "race" nation and culture, 1760-1918
In cold blood : a true account of a multiple murder and its consequences
Playing with fire
The Gulag archipelago 1918-1956 : an experiment in literary investigation
A companion to digital literary studies
The mammoth book of the deep : over 30 true stories of danger and adventure under the sea
