http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10013 soil analysis
soil analysis
Depletion of soil phosphorus as assessed by several indices of phosphorus supplying power
Effect of soil compactness on the growth and quality of carrot
Images of the other in Finnish primary school geography books
Manual of soil analysis : monitoring and assessing soil bioremediation
Cost-benefit analysis of multifunctional agriculture in Finland
Why did electronic B2B marketplaces fail? : case study of an agricultural commodity exchange
Abstract.
Identity construction in ELF contexts: a case study of Finnish engineering students working in Germany
Bulk density of forested mineral soils
Soils for the archaeologist
Environmental microbiology : a laboratory manual
Environmental change and anthropogenic impact on lake sediments during the Holocene in the Finnish-Karelian inland area
Life cycle assessment of road construction
Metsämaan viljavuuden määrittämisestä = On the estimation of forest soil fertility
This study analyzes the economic feasibility of gypsum amendment as a means to reduce particulate and dissolved phosphorus loads from arable areas. To this end, an optimization model is developed that includes gypsum amendment as well as matching phosphorus fertilization to crop need and the level of soil phosphorus reserves as phosphorus load mitigation measures, with soil phosphorus reserves measured by soil test phosphorus (STP). The optimal extent of gypsum amendment is then determined simultaneously with optimal fertilization use as a function of field STP level. The results indicate that whether or not gypsum amendment is economically feasible depends on field erosion susceptibility and STP level. When accounting for the costs and benefits to the society on the whole, gypsum treatment suits best to mitigation of phosphorus losses from soils with excessively high phosphorus reserves; once a threshold STP level is reached, gypsum amendment is optimally given up. This threshold level depends on field slope and on society's willingness to pay for water quality.
Phosphorus in Finnish soils in the 1900s with particular reference to the acid ammonium acetate soil test
The method of soil testing in use in Finland
Abstract: Syke proficiency test 4/2004.
How to improve marketing and customer relationship management of the cottage holiday business RapoJärviLoma, the target market being the residents of St. Petersburg and Moscow?
Gypsum amendment as a means to reduce agricultural phosphorus loading : an economic appraisal
The application of a spatial regression model to the analysis and mapping of poverty
Applications of reflective remote sensing for land degradation studies in a Mediterranean environment
The economics of agricultural policies
Sales channel and area for field production : case: FutuVision
Monitoring of Finnish arable land : changes in soil quality between 1987 and 1998.
Land use in life cycle assessment
Phosphorus extractability in surface soil samples as affected by mixing with subsoil
Phosphorus reserves and apparent phosphorus saturation in four weakly developed cultivated pedons
A method for analyzing world-models in Scandinavian mythology
Let's go to the countryside : farmhouse accommodation web pages in the Ostrobothnia area
Geochemical atlas of the Eastern Barents Region
Measuring smallholder efficiency : Ugandan coffee and food-crop production
The sampling of hill soils and herbage, with particular reference to the determination of the trace elements
Recent developments in sequencing methods have enabled whole genome sequencing of several species and the available sequence information has allowed the development of high throughput genotyping chips. However, these genotyping methods require high quality DNA. The possibility to genotype samples based on DNA from non-invasive sources would permit retrospective genotyping of previously collected samples and also facilitate the analysis of large populations e.g. for genomic selection. In this study we have developed and evaluated different DNA preparation methods from porcine hair root follicles for high throughput genotyping with the PorcineSNP60 Genotyping BeadChip (Illumina). We describe a method for DNA extraction from porcine hair root samples, which produces results from high throughput genotyping with the same high degree of accuracy as previously reported for DNA extracted from sperm, blood or tissue samples. This method was used for the genotyping of 273 hair follicle samples. When the DNA concentration was > 30 ng/µl all samples had the same high call rate ( > 99%) as sperm samples confirming the robustness of this DNA extraction method for high throughput genotyping. Our data also establishes the suitability of the PorcineSNP60 BeadChip for genotyping the Finnish Landrace population.
Laboratory guide for conducting soil tests and plant analysis
Towards agri-environmental indicators : integrating statistical and administrative data with land cover information
An analytical procedure for determination of sulphur species and isotopes in boreal acid sulphate soils and sediments
Spatial and temporal representativeness of water monitoring efforts in the Baltic Sea coast of SW Finland
Factors affecting farmland prices in Finland
Development of enhanced analytical methodology in pesticide chemistry
Political undercurrents of the Ukraine conflict : the reshaping of power relationships in Europe
Methods of soil and plant analysis
Plant-availability of soil and fertilizer zinc in cultivated soils of Finland
Role of community forestry in rural livelihood and poverty alleviation in Ohangwena and Caprivi Regions in Namibia
Soil and environmental analysis : modern instrumental techniques
Archaeology through soil chemical analysis : an evaluation
Precision of commercial soil testing practice for phosphorus fertilizer recommendations in Finland
Soil quality : determination of organic and total carbon after dry combustion (elementary analysis)
An air pycnometer for forest and range soils
Research methodology in plant sciences
Principles of geographical information systems
Dissolved reactive phosphorus in runoff assessed by soil extraction with an acetate buffer
Methods of soil analysis. Part 2, Microbiological and biochemical properties
The particle atlas : an encyclopedia of techniques for small particle identification. 1, Principles and techniques
Atmospheric impact of bioenergy based on reed canary grass cultivation on organic soil
Procedures for soil analysis
Health Economics and Outcome Studies on Type 2 Diabetes Education and Screening in a Chinese Population
Summary of overburden studies at Olkiluoto with an emphasis on geosphere-biosphere interface
Trace elements in soils and plants research methodology : lectures at Scandinavian postgraduate course, April 6-10, 1992, Jokioinen, Finland
Summary.
Abstract: Development of the river Kokemäki delta, its quaternary sediments and their chemical characteristics.
Further development and improvement of spade diagnosis as field method for the evaluation of ecological significant structure parameters of soils under agricultural management
Soil testing: sampling, correlation, calibration, and interpretation
Understorey vegetation in fresh and Herb-Rich upland forests in South-west Lapland
Methods of soil analysis. Vol. 2, Chemical and microbiological properties
Syke proficiency test 4/2004 : mineral oil from polluted soil
AEZWIN : an interactive multiple-criteria analysis tool for land resources appraisal
The Status and Trends Of New Power Generation technology
Studies on the chemical analysis of archaeological sites
Synchrotron-based techniques in soils and sediments
Issues in the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership : A critical discourse analysis
Soil-lipids in cultural layers
Microbiological methods for assessing soil quality
Principles and practice of agricultural analysis : a manual for the study of soils, fertilizers, anad agricultural products : for the use of analysts, teacher, and students of agricultural chemistry. Vol. 1, Soils
Finnish forest soils
Guide to laboratory establishment for plant nutrient analysis
Nutritional status in commercial currant fields
Syke proficiency test 2/2006 : volatile organic compounds and mineral oils from water and polluted soil
Investigations on forest litter
Chemical analysis of contaminated land
Environmental geochemical atlas of the Central Barents Region
Traditional in situ surface water sampling produces accurate information on water chemistry and biology. Such sampling is conducted primarily as part of water quality monitoring programmes. If sufficiently consistent, the once collected water quality data could also provide valuable resources for subsequent use in scientific research and long-term monitoring. We examined the spatial and temporal coherence of the archived data resources stored in the environmental information system of the Finnish Environmental Administration (the Hertta-PIVET register). We used phytoplankton chlorophyll-a and primary productivity data collected during 1971-2006 as sample resources for environmental studies on the highly fragmented SW coast of Finland (Northern Baltic Sea). 733 sampling stations were categorized according to the total number of sampling days, the consistence of sampling, the number of representative years and the continuity of sampling. Considerable spatial and temporal inconsistencies were observed, making the accumulated data resources rather unsuitable for many types of environmental studies. Synchronization of sampling activities could improve the representativeness of spatial and temporal coverage of regional sampling. Strategic planning of sampling is required to achieve more concerted data generation activities and to facilitate long-term spatially representative analyses.
Methods in agricultural chemical analysis : a practical handbook
Influence of ground substrate on establishment of reindeer lichen after artificial dispersal
Comparison of different DNA extraction methods from hair root follicles to genotype Finnish Landrace boars with the Illumina PorcineSNP60 BeadChip
Soil sampling and methods of analysis
EURO-Soils : identification, collection, treatment, characterization
Novel technologies for greenfield exploration. Mineral exploration and mapping within thick glacial overburden, peatlands and different conservation areas is demanding, sensitive and expensive. The best practices for mineral exploration (techniques and concepts) from cost and environmental perspectives have been developed in the project 'Novel technologies for greenfield exploration' funded by Finnish Funding Agency for Innovation (Tekes). Essential exploration techniques include the concurrent use of geological, geochemical and geophysical surveys. These techniques allow the location and thorough investigation of the geological processes responsible for mineral deposits and indications of ore-forming processes, or in suitable conditions, the direct identification of mineral deposits. The efficiency and success of exploration require not only high quality data processing and interpretation, but also the consideration of environmental aspects, which are particularly important in sensitive northern, sub-Arctic areas. The results and methodological advances arising from this project could particularly serve companies and organizations conducting grass root mineral exploration in a regional scale. The techniques can also be adopted in target-scale exploration.
Input-output analysis in developing countries : sources, methods and applications
Syke proficiency test 7/2005 : PAHs from polluted soil
Novel technologies for greenfield exploration
Is privatization of education beneficial for Morocco? : evaluation of Morocco's privatization policy on the basis of a cross-sectional study of quality of education in public and private schools in Casablanca
Mechanisms of below-ground carbon cycling in subarctic ecosystems
Agricultural growth and structural changes in the Punjab economy : an input-output analysis
Rural and farming systems analyses : environmental perspectives
Laboratory manual for the examination of water, waste water, and soil
Comments on Early agriculture in Scandinavia, source areas of pollen spectra in Southern Finland
Forest soils & treatment impacts : proceedings of the Sixth North American Forest Soils Conference held at The University of Tennessee, Knoxville in June 1983
Stay abroad and foreign language users' identity construction
The use of cellulose strips to study organic matter decomposition in boreal forested soils
