http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10085 power-line communication
power-line communication powerline communication
Protect yourself online
Data analysis on uncertain electrical measurements
"Arduino is the open source electronics prototyping platform that's taken the design and hobbyist world by storm. This thorough introduction, updated for Arduino 1.0, gives you lots of ideas for projects and helps you work with them right away. From getting organized to putting the final touches on your prototype, all the information you need is here! Inside you'll learn about: Interaction design and physical computing; The Arduino hardware and software development environment; Basics of electricity and electronics; Prototyping on a solderless breadboard; Drawing a schematic diagram"--Page 4 of cover.
"The classic survey design reference, updated for the digital ageFor over two decades, Dillman's classic text on survey design has aided both students and professionals in effectively planning and conducting mail, telephone, and, more recently, Internet surveys. The new edition is thoroughly updated and revised, and covers all aspects of survey research. It features expanded coverage of mobile phones, tablets, and the use of do-it-yourself surveys, and Dillman's unique Tailored Design Method is also thoroughly explained. This invaluable resource is crucial for any researcher seeking to increase response rates and obtain high-quality feedback from survey questions. Consistent with current emphasis on the visual and aural, the new edition is complemented by copious examples within the text and accompanying website.This heavily revised Fourth Edition includes: Strategies and tactics for determining the needs of a given survey, how to design it, and how to effectively administer it How and when to use mail, telephone, and Internet surveys to maximum advantage Proven techniques to increase response rates Guidance on how to obtain high-quality feedback from mail, electronic, and other self-administered surveys Direction on how to construct effective questionnaires, including considerations of layout The effects of sponsorship on the response rates of surveys Use of capabilities provided by newly mass-used media: interactivity, presentation of aural and visual stimuli. The Fourth Edition reintroduces the telephone--including coordinating land and mobile. Grounded in the best research, the book offers practical how-to guidelines and detailed examples for practitioners and students alike"-- Provided by publisher.
Cyberpl@y : communicating online
Introduction to numerical electrostatics using MATLAB
Electric machines : steady state, transients, and design with MATLAB
Getting started with Arduino
Abstract.
Secure communications : applications and management
PCL programming for industrial automation
Corporate computer and network security
Music technology workbook : key concepts and practical projects
PLC control program engineering tool
Introductory circuit analysis
Best damn Exchange, SQL and IIS book period
Mail and Internet surveys : the tailored design method
DNS and BIND in a nutshell
The inbox : understanding and maximizing student-instructor email
Cryptography and network security : principles and practice
Communication networks and systems for power utility automation. Part 7-1, Basic communication structure : Principles and models = Réseayx et systèmes de communication pour l'automatisation des systèmes électriques. Partie 7-1, Structure de communication de base : Principes et modèles
Customer service on the internet : building relationships, increasing loyalty, and staying competitive
Cyberpragmatics : internet-mediated communication in context
Handbook of network and system administration
Advanced modeling in computational electromagnetic compatibility
Communication networks and systems in substations. Part 10, Conformance testing
Introduction to PSpice® manual : electric circuits,  using Orcad® Release 9.2
The substitution of letter mail in targeted communication
Publishing in the networked world: transforming the nature of communication : 14th International Conference on Electronic Publishing, 16-18 June 2010, Helsinki, Finland
Computer-mediated communication : linguistic, social and cross-cultural perspectives
Finding value in big data : statistical analysis of large data sets with applications in electric power systems
Network security hacks
The language of ICT : information and communication technology
Structural health monitoring
Fundamentals of electromagnetics with MATLAB
This text combines the fundamentals of electromagnetics with numerical modeling to tackle a broad range of current electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) problems, including problems with lightning, transmission lines, and grounding systems. It sets forth a solid foundation in the basics before advancing to specialized topics, and allows readers to develop their own EMC computational models for applications in both research and industry.
Intelligent information services in environmental applications
Computational electromagnetics
Computational electrodynamics : the finite-difference time-domain method
Fundamentals of business data communications
Internet, phone, mail, and mixed-mode surveys : the tailored design method
Txtng : the Gr8 Db8
The measurement, instrumentation, and sensors handbook
Power-line-communication-based data transmission concept for an LVDC electricity distribution network : analysis and implementation
Communication networks and systems for power utility automation. Part 7-2, Basic communication structure : Abstract communication service interface (ACSI)
Smart e-mail and customer relationship management (CRM) integration
Applicability of power-line communications to data transfer of on-line condition monitoring of electrical drives
Powerline protocols for home automation : application developers viewpoint
Programming and testing of storage conveyor in a virtual
Cultures of internet : virtual spaces, real histories, living bodies
Cyberpragmatics is an analysis of Internet-mediated communication from the perspective of cognitive pragmatics. It addresses a whole range of interactions that can be found on the Net: the web page, chat rooms, instant messaging, social networking sites, 3D virtual worlds, blogs, videoconference, e-mail, Twitter, etc. Of special interest is the role of intentions and the quality of interpretations when these Internet-mediated interactions take place, which is often affected by the textual properties of the medium. This book also analyses the pragmatic implications of transferring offline discourses (e.g. printed paper, advertisements) to the screen-framed space of the Net. And although the main framework is cognitive pragmatics, this book also draws from other theories and models in order to build up a better picture of what really happens when people communicate on the Net.
Optimizing customer energy invoice calculation with parallel computation
The art of invisibility : the world's most famous hacker teaches you how to be safe in the age of Big Brother and Big Data
Encrypted email : the history and technology of message privacy
eBoot camp : proven internet marketing techniques to grow your business
Methods and tools for mass spectrometric lipidome analysis
Computer-aided power system analysis
The TAB book of Arduino projects : 36 things to make with shields and proto shields
Communication networks and systems for power utility automation. Part 7-4, Basic communication structure : Compatible logical node classes and data object classes
Renew the car track control panel programming with SIEMENS
Analyzing social media networks with NodeXL : insights from a connected world
Communication networks and systems for power utility automation. Part 7-3, Basic communication structure : Common data classes = Réseayx et systèmes de communication pour l'automatisation des systèmes électriques. Partie 7-3, Structure de communication de base : Classes de données communes
Communication networks and systems for power utility automation. Part 7-420, Basic communication structure : distributed energy resources logical nodes
The grid : core technologies
Vehicle multiplex communication : serial data networking applied to vehicular engineering
Microsoft Exchange Server 2010 ; best practices
