http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10073 Mycenaean culture
Mycenaean culture
Cypriot bronzework in the Mycenaean world
This well illustrated introducory guide to the Mycenaeans, based on the latest research, traces their development and describes where the Mycenaeans came from, their major achievements, and assesses what we really know about their daily life and times. Much can be learned of their religion, political and social hierarchy, military and trading activities through the literary evidence contained in the Linear B tablets. Also surviving are striking painted pottery and other fascinating artefacts, architectural remains of fortress-palaces, and shrines and votive offerings. The book investigates its legendary links with the Trojan War and the various explanations for the eventual destruction of Mycenaean civilization and its decline into the Dark Ages.
The bull of minos : the great discoveries of ancient Greece
LH III C chronology and synchronisms II, LH III C Middle : proceedings of the international workshop held at the Austrian Academy of Sciences at Vienna, October 29th and 30th, 2004
Well built Mycenae : the Helleno-British excavations within the citadel at Mycenae, 1959-1969. Fascicule 21, The Mycenaean pictorical pottery
The last Mycenaeans and their successors : an archaeological survey, c. 1200 - c. 1000 B. C
Mycenaeans and Minoans : Aegean prehistory in the light of the Linear B tablets
Mycenae : an archaelogical history and guide
LH III C chronology and synchronisms III, Late and the transition to the Early Iron Age : proceedings of the international workshop held at the Austrian Academy of Sciences at Vienna, February 23rd and 24th, 2007
Keimelion : Elitenbildung und elitärer Konsum von der mykenischen Palastzeit bis zur Homerischen Epoche : Akten des internationalen Kongresses vom 3. bis 5. Februar 2005 in Salzburg = The formation of elites and elitist lifestyles from Mycenaen palatial times to the Homeric period
The Penguin book of lost worlds. Volume two : Crete, Mycenae, Anatolia and Etruria
Mycenaean Greece
The people of Knossos : prosopographical studies in the Knossos Linear B archives
Metals in LBA Minoan and Mycenaean societies on Crete : a quantitative approach
Kition : Mycenaean and Phoenician discoveries in Cyprus
Regional Mycenaean decorated pottery
Mycenaean civilization : a research guide
Progress into the past : the rediscovery of Mycenaean civilization
The Argolid at the transition to the Mycenaean Age : studies in the chronology and cultural development in the Shaft Grave period
The bull of Minos : the great discoveries of ancient Greece
Studies in Aegean decorative art : antecedents and sources of the Mycenaean ceramic decoration
The chronology of Mycenaean pottery
Bronze Age migrations in the Aegean; archaeological and linguistic problems in Greek prehistory : Proceedings of the first International Colloquium on Aegean Prehistory, Sheffield
The Aegean, Anatolia and Europe : cultural interrelations in the second millenium B. C.
The Mycenaeans
Islands under influence : the Cyclades in the late bronze age and the nature of Mycenaean presence
The Mycenaean world : cities of legend
Maritime networks in the Mycenaean world
A Mycenaean chamber tomb near Berbati in Argolis
Mycenaean cult buildings : a study of their architecture and function in the context of the Aegean and the Eastern Mediterranean
Art of the Aegean Bronze Age
Mycenaean Greece, Mediterranean commerce, and the formation of identity
Submycenaean studies : examination of finds from mainland Greece with a chapter on Attic protogeometric graves
Sanctuaries and cults in the Aegean Bronze Age : proceedings of the first International Symposium at the Swedish Institute in Athens, 12-13 May, 1980
The last Mycenaeans and their successors : an archaeological survey, c. 1200-c. 1000 B. C.
The Mycenaean pottery
The orgin and development of Mycenaean cult buildings
Homer and the monuments
Charis : essays in honor of Sara A. Immerwahr
The Mycenaean pottery : analysis and classification
Mycenaean fortifications, highways, dams and canals
Women's fashion in Aegean Bronze Age Art and its reflections in Middle and Late Helladic burials
Mycenae : rich in gold
Studia Mycenaea : proceedings of the Mycenaean symposium, Brno April 1966
The post-palatial levels
The Bull of Minos
The Knossos tablets : a transliteration of all the texts in Linear B script found at Knossos, Crete, based upon a new collation of photographs and originals
From Mycenae to Homer
Mycenae : Agamemnon's capital : the site in its setting
Minoan and Mycenaean art
Crete and Mycenae
Encounters with Mycenaean figures and figurines : papers presented at a seminar at the Swedish Institue at Athens, 27-29 April 2001
Famous from ancient Greek literature as King Agamemnon's capital, Mycenae was the site of almost unbroken excavation during the 20th century, and this continues today. In presenting a full up-to-date account of the site and placing it in its geographical and historical setting, the author concentrates on the great buildings of the citadel - the Lion Gate, the Cult Centre, and the Palace Complex - which flourished during the palatial Period in the 14th and 13th centuries BC. But she also investigates the legends associated with Mycenae and examines the evidence for the pre-palatial and post-palatial periods. Additionally, she is able to incorporate new information on the town and tombs outside the citadel.
The decipherment of Linear B.
Marks of distinction : seals and cultural exchange between the Aegean and the Orient (ca. 2600-1360 B.C.)
Style and chronology of late Aegean seals : bulls with circular horns
Architecture of the ancient civilizations in colour : Mesopotamia, Egypt, The Indus Valley, The Megaliths, The Hittites, The Minoans, The Myceneans, The Etruscans, Central and South America
Mycenaean civilization : Mycenae, Tiryns, Asine, Midea, Pylos
The Myceneans
The Palace of Nestor at Pylos in western Messenia. 1, The buildings and their contents, pt. 1-2
The Mycenaeans and Europe
Individuals and society in Mycenaean Pylos
History of the Hellenic world. Prehistory and protohistory [to 1100 B.C.]
Kingship in the Mycenaean world and its reflections in the oral tradition
From the silent earth : a report on the Greek bronze age
Mycenaeans
The Greek Renaissance of the eight century B. C. : tradition and innovation : proceedings of the Second International Symposium at the Swedish Institute in Athens, 1-5 June, 1981
Mycenae and the Mycenaean age
The Knossos tablets : a revised transliteration of all the texts in Mycenaean Greek recoverable from Evans' excavations of 1900-1904 based on independent examination
The Mycenaean world
Architecture of the ancient civilizations in colour : Mesopotamia, Egypt, the Indus Valley, the megaliths, the Hittites, the Minoans, the Mycenaeans, the Etruscans, Central and South America
Mycenaean pottery. 2, Chronology
The funerary landscape at Knossos : a diachronic study of Minoan burial customs with special reference to the warrior graves
The Palace of Nestor at Pylos in western Messenia. Vol. 3, Acropolis and lower town : Tholoi, grave circle, and chamber tombs; discoveries outside the citadel
Economy and politics in the Mycenaean palace states : proceedings of a conference held on 1-3 July 1999 in the Faculty of Classics, Cambridge
The Palace of Nestor at Pylos in western Messenia. Vol. 2, The frescoes
The arts in prehistoric Greece
Thrace in the Graeco-Roman world : proceedings of the 10th International Congress of Thracology, Komotini - Alexandroupolis, 18-23 October, 2005 = Hē Thrakē ston Hellēno-Rōmaïko kosmo : praktika tou 10ou Diethnous Synedriou Thrakologias, Komotēnē-Alexandroupole, 18-23 Oktōvriou 2005
Corpus der minoischen und mykenischen Siegel / Band 6. Oxford the Ashmolean museum. Teil 1
The Aegean bronze age
Orchomenos 5 : Mycenaean pottery from Orchomenos, Eutresis and other Boeotian sites
History and the Homeric Iliad
