http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10006 migration (demography)
migration (demography)
Economic development and tribal change : a study of immigrant labour in Buganda
Over the last four decades the sociological life course approach with its focus on the interplay of structure and agency over time life course perspective has become an important research perspective in the social sciences. Yet, while it has successfully been applied to almost all fields of social inquiry it is much less used in research studying migrant populations and their integration patterns. This is puzzling since understanding immigrants' integration requires just the kind of dynamic research approach this approach puts forward: any integration theory actually refers to life course processes. This volume shows fruitful cross-linkages between the two research traditions. A range of studies are presented that all apply sociological life course concepts to research on migrants and migrant groups in Europe. The book is organized thematically, indicating different important domains in the life course. Using a wide variety of methodological approaches, it covers both quantitative studies based on population census data and survey material as well as qualitative studies based on interviews. Attention is paid to the life courses of those who migrated themselves as well as their offspring. The studies cover different European countries, relating to one national context or a particular local setting in a city as well as cross-country comparisons. Overall the book shows that applying the sociological life course approach to migration and integration research may advance our understanding of immigrant settlement patterns as well as further develop the life course perspective.
Bloody foreigners : the story of immigration to Britain
The road home
Opening of the Finnish exhibition on trans-atlantic migration via the UK
Emil Acks story
Mobility, education and life trajectories : new and old migratory pathways
"US and them" the future of Europe at stake : values defining the EU society and the case of community immigration policy
Migration studies. C
Meeting a child of the Karelian fever
The history of immigration and racism in Canada : essential readings
Migration and poverty : linkages, knowledge gaps and policy implications
Tourism and migration : new relationships between production and consumption
The impact of Canadian immigration policy on Finnish immigration, 1890-1978
Heading south, seeking the north : the issue of illegal migratory fluxes to Italy, and from Italy to northern Europe
West of the moon
Delaware 350 - a Finnish view
New Sweden in documents : 1638 - March 29 - 1988 : exhibition in the Swedish National Archives
International migration : the human face of globalisation
Pogorelskin revises the past
Migration and the mobility of citizens around the globe pose important challenges to the linguistic and cultural homogeneity that nation-states rely on for defining their physical boundaries and identity, as well as the rights and obligations of their citizens. A new social order resulting from neoliberal economic practices, globalization and outsourcing also challenges traditional ways the nation-state has organized its control over the people who have typically travelled to a new country looking for work or better life chances. This collection provides an account of the ways language addresses core questions concerning power and the place of migrants in various institutional and workplace settings. It brings together contributions from a range of geographical settings to understand better how linguistic inequality is (re)produced in this new economic order.
Visit to Finland by a pioneer of multiculturalism in Australia, prof. Jerzy Zubrzycki, 4-12 june 1988.
Abstract.
Immigration and the American tradition
Italy - a new country of immigration
Population movements in modern European history
Crossing borders : regional and urban perspectives on international migration
Four years
Siirtolaisuusinstituutin toimintakertomus vuodelta 1985 = Institute of Migration : annual report 1985.
Summary of the annual report for 1989 of the Institute of Migration
Finlandia Foundation National
Finnish migration celebrations 1988 : opening remarks
Immigration, the American mosaic : from pilgrims to modern refugees
Gender and family among transnational professionals
The beginnings of white settlement in South Africa
The present and future culture of the Australian Finns
Opinion surveys on attitudes towards immigration are becoming more and more important, owing to the increasing role of political debate on migration issues in Western European countries. CNR has conducted four surveys on this topic, collecting data on the evolution of Italians attitudes towards migration issues. In fact, the ? rst survey was conducted in the second half of the eighties, when foreign immigration was in its early stages. The last survey took place in 2002, when immigration was already well established in Italy. The article focuses on three main issues: the global impact of immigration on Italian society, the immigrants role in the labour market, and immigration policy. In general, the results of the last survey con? rm a trend that appeared already in 1997, of more balanced and realistic opinion that were less of a response to circumstances perceived as special emergencies. Highly educated people, teachers and students continue to be the most open and receptive groups, whereas the less favourably inclined and more worried continue to be old people, those with less education, the unemployed, housewives, and retirees.  .
Juhlapuhe Delawaren yliopiston stadionilla FinnFest -juhlassa 9.7.1988 = Main address at the FinnFest celebration held on 9 July 1988 at the campus of the University of Delaware
Trends in international migration : continuous reporting system on migration : annual report 1993.
My name is Wood
Haven in the woods : the story of the Finns in Wisconsin
A life-course perspective on migration and integration
Sea, gold and sugarcane : attraction versus distance : Finns in Australia 1851-1947
Uutta tietoa amerikansuomalaisten historiasta = New sources of information about Finnish-American history
Scandinavian Emigration to Australia and New Zealand Project : proceedings of a symposium, February 17-19, 1982, Turku, Finland
Siirtolaisuusinstituutin toimintasuunnitelma vuodelle 1988 = The Institute of Migration : plans for 1988.
Post-war immigrants in Canada
A century of European migrations, 1830-1930 : papers chiefly from a symposium held at the Spring Hill Center, Wayzata, Minn., Nov. 6-9, 1986
Does ethnicity matter for European Americans? : interpreting ethnic identity in the post-civil rights era
Finnish Social and Health Care Professionals in the United States of America
The immigrant labor press in North America, 1840s - 1970s : an annotated bibliography. Vol. 3, Migrants from Southern and Western Europe
The Balch Institute for ethnic studies
Opportunities for ethnology in Finnish migration research : two pilot projects
Italians and Foreign Immigration
Immigration law and practice in the United Kingdom
Migration from Finland to Russia during the nineteenth century
Illegal emigration to the U.S.S.R. during the Great Depression
Finding home : real stories of migrant Britain
Controlling the Swedish state : studies on formal and informal bodies of control
Economy, ethnicity and international migration : the comparison of Finland, Hungary and Russia
Multiculturism and immigration policy in Canada : the last twenty-five years
Migration : character and scope, economic potential, regional perspectives : interviews, essays, editorials
Confronting the fortress : black and migrant women in the European Union : working papers
Global processes, local strategies : migration of educated Dominicans
Finland and the international movement of people in changing Europe
Builders of a New Europe : women immigrants from the Eastern Trans-regions
Dark strangers : a study of West Indians in London
Handbook of the international political economy of migration
Migration and the spread and growth of urban settlement
Contextualizing changes : migrations, shifting borders and new identities in Eastern Europe
Dreams of freedom : Bella Coola, Cape Scott, Sointula
New England Finlandia and its Finnish enclave of Norwood, Massachusetts
International migration : regional processes and responses
Language, migration and social inequalities : a critical sociolinguistic perspective on institutions and work
Galveston : Ellis Island of the West
Migration, migration history, history : old paradigms and new perspectives
Hockinson area Finns : Clark County, Washington
Finding a job in Canada : how to discover well paid work and a great new lifestyle
The Finnish migration to and from Russian Alaska and the Pacific Siberian Rim 1800.1900
Polish immigration to Finland - statistical survey
The uprooted : the epic story of the great migrations that made the American people
Finnforum V in Canada
The dream of America
To and from Ireland : planned migration schemes c. 1600-2000
From a corner of a barrack to an international research institute : 25th anniversary celebrations of the Institute of Migration, Sibelius Museum, 19 November 1999.
Summary of the annual report for 1988 of the Institute of Migration
Migration studies on the rise in Denmark
Emigration and immigration
Sources of housemaid studies
Summary : A set of migration policy proposals for Europe (s. 11-14).
Russia and immigration - present and future [pääkirjoitus]
Delaware 350 : some observations
Muslim migrants in Europe : a challenge to the policy of the state
"Is native language decisive in language learning results?" : a study of acculturation and the effect of language distance : Finnish and Dutch migrants in Australia compared
A history of overseas Chinese in Africa to 1911
Delaware 350 : 350 vuotta suomalaista kaukosiirtolaisuutta = 350 years of Finnish long-distance migration
Norwegian migration to America 1825-1860
Immigration Policies and Migration from Africa to Finland and Sweden : a Case of Ghanaians in Finland
Controlling Europe : immigration versus European identity
The influence of migration on Finnish cultural identity in the twentieth century : some preliminary considerations
Social security of migrants in the European Union of tomorrow
Internalization of migration pressure
Introduction - Immigration, governmentality, and integration assemblages
Revisiting the Turkish migration to Germany after forty years
Migration flows between Finland and the Baltic Sea region
Trail of the western defector
The Future of Migration Conference of National Experts : held on May 13, 14 and 15, 1986, in Paris organized by the OECD
Japan and global migration : foreign workers and the advent of a multicultural society
Research, the foundation of decision-making
Trends in international migration : continuous reporting system on migration : annual report
Australia as a multicultural society
Colonia Finlandesa : the second ship, and some factors that led to the demise of a Finnish colony in Northeast Argentina
The immigrant labor press in North America, 1840s - 1970s : an annotated bibliography. Vol. 2, Migrants from Easthern and Southeastern Europe
Finland-Swedes in Canada : discovering some unknown Finnish facts
The demographic background of post-war migration trends in Estonia
Some features of Slovene research on emigration
Colonia Finlandesa : the second ship, the rise and fall of a Finnish colony in northeast Argentina and the spread of anomie
The Polish ethnic group in Canada
Exodus : immigration and multiculturalism in the 21st century
There was fear that the global economic crisis would interrupt the flow of remittances to developing countries, force migrants to return to their sending households and endanger the economic health of sending nations. However, anxiety over the collapse of remittances was largely unfounded. While there was a small decline in remittance flows globally in 2009, in general, they did not fall as far or as quickly as other forms of assistance and they have begun to recover. In this paper we examine a series of myths that colour the remittance debate. Debunking the myths that surround remittances allows us to show the complex role remittances play for migrants, their sending households and communities as developing nations cope with the global economic crisis..
Russian women in Denmark : between integration and marginality
Finns in the USA : patterns of immigration and settlement since 1900
Internationalization and migration pressure
Delaware 350 jubileum & Australian bicentenary : importance to the future migration research
Siirtolaisinstituutti 1974-1994 = The institute of migration 1974-1994
Natives and exotics : [a novel]
Football labor emigrations within globalization and the sample of Turkey
The Atlantic Finns : a forgotten ethnic minority
European conference on migration and the social partners, Dublin, 9-10 December 1993 : proceedings
Hope and despair : representations of Europe and Africa  in Finnish news coverage of “migration crisis”
Finnish settlements in rural Thunder Bay : changes in an ethnic community
The education of immigrant children
The Institute of Migration 1974-1994
Finnish ethnicity in the state of Virginia
Empowerment and participation - grassroots democracy by Roma and non-Roma women : baseline study of the Roma community in Valea Seaca, Romania
Swedish America, 1914-1932 : studies in ethnicity with emphasis on Illinois and Minnesota
This book focuses on the language of proofs, argument and rhetoric in educational research. It also explores the language of particular debates significant to the wider educational context, such as the language of goals, parenting, and citizenship.
Why Karelian "fever"?
Opening welcome at the 25th anniversary celebrations of the Institute of Migration, 19 November 1999 by professor Olavi Granö
Representations of Finnishness in Sweden
International migration : an assessment for the '90s
International migration and dependence
This article aims to discuss one of the phenomena of globalization: the impact of migration on sports, using football players in Turkey as an example. By presenting examples from both national and international sports teams, the growing number of migrant football players and their role in the capitalist economy is examined as it pertains to sport, as well as how they are treated within that system, economically and legally. The emigration of football players requires a social, economic, political and cultural evaluation. The article is focused on the rights and freedom, civilly and labor-wise, of emigrant football players who are brought to or come to Turkey..
Multicultural Australia : the Australian experience
Gaining from migration : towards a new mobility system
Climate change and migration
Estonians in the world : an overview of number and localization 1850-1990
Finland through Australian eyes
Trends in international migration : continuous reporting system on migration : annual report 1994.
From Scandinavia to America : proceedings from a conference held at Gl. Holtegaard
The view from Castle Rock : stories
Peopling the Russian periphery : borderland colonization in Eurasian history
Attraction of the Nordic countries in international migration
Comments on "Opportunities for ethnology in Finnish migration research : two pilot projects"
The peopling of London : fifteen thousand years of settlement from overseas
Immigration in U.S. history. Volume 2, Indigenous superordination - Zadvydas v. Davis
The Institute of migration 1974-1984
Journey from the midnight sun to the land of the long white cloud : one story of health and migration
Tides of migration : a study of migration decision-making and social progress in Sao Miguel, Azores
International migration : challenge for the nineties
After the king : the future of New Sweden in American scholarship
Migration and economic growth : a study of Great Britain and the Atlantic economy
Observance of the 300th anniversary of the 1st permanent settlement in the Delaware River Valley, 1938.
Six myths about migrant remittances and the global economic crisis
On a way toward integration : Russian-speaking immigrant adolescents in Finland
A Finnish foothold in Australia a century ago
Nordic emigration : research conference in Uppsala sept. 1969
Immigration crossroads
The Colonia Finlandesa, Argentina, 1906-1996
Immigration statistics : a story of neglect
"Would I have been better off there?" : comparison, need and conduciveness in a Finnish emigrant's account
Journey of the phoenix : overseas study and women's changing position in China
Where did they come from and where did they all go? : a new website for Finnish researchers
Wilhelm Anders Back (29.7.1886-2.4.1974) immigrated to Australia on 26 November 1902 - a 16-year old eager to take on the world. He and his brother Karl Johan Back (20.10.1877-20.6.1962) settled in the Byron Bay-Mullumbimby area of New South Wales. They often wrote home to urge their family to sell the farm and emigrate to the 'Promised Land.' Civil War intervened and the elderly parents baulked. Wilhelm travelled in 1924 to Finland - via the world at large - to encourage and persuade. That yearlong Grand Tour culminated in a Finnish summer. He sponsored a wave of migration from Ostrobothnia - but his own family was not amongst this..
The migration of workers in the United Kingdom and the European Community
Young generations and new patterns of emigration : the FInnish-Italian case
Immigration as a factor in American history
Transnational Spaces in the Virtual World : Dominican Migrant Communities in the Social Media
A folk divided : homeland Swedes and Swedish Americans, 1840-1940
The emigration of Swedish-Finnish burnbeaters to Delaware
A Tale of Two Countries: Poverty among Immigrants in Denmark and Sweden since 1984
China and the overseas Chinese in the United States, 1868-1911
A history of the Finns : in Ohio, Western Pennsylvania and West Virginia : from Lake Erie's shores to the Mahoning and Monongahela Valleys
Diasporas within and without Africa : dynamism, heterogeneity, variation
Causes of rural-urban migration on Sankana in Nadowli-Kalio district of Ghana and its' effect on Community Development
Migration and urbanization in China
Finnish emigrants living outside the Nordic countries
Quite often the debate over immigrants in various EU countries occupies a central space in public opinion, especially when it comes to the issue of illegal migration, which at the same time constitutes one of the major challenges for the governments of these countries. However, the so-called “gateway countries” occupy a crucial position in this debate since they have continuously faced critical situations with respect to illegal migratory fluxes during the last 10 years. One of these countries is Italy, an industrial giant with one of the largest labour markets in the EU..
A nation of immigrants
Ethnicity in the informal networks of older sunbelt migrants : a case study of the Finns in Florida
English summary.
Finnam news
Penedo : a Finnish utopian colony in Brazil 80 years
The immigrant labor press in North America, 1840s - 1970s : an annotated bibliography. Vol. 1, Migrants from Norhern Europe
The Institute of Migration 30 years, August 1st, 2004 [pääkirjoitus]
The Delaware Finns or The first permanent settlements in Pennsylvania, Delaware, West New Jersey and eastern part of Maryland
Swedish Finns in the world today
Immigration reconsidered : history, sociology, and politics
Finnish-American architecture and architects in Northern and Eastern parts of the United States of America 1850-1950 : from rural tradition to urban ideal
Immigration in U.S. history. Volume 1, Accent discrimination - Indentured servitude
International practice and policy trends in international labour immigration
Trends in international migration : continuous reporting system on migration : annual report 1996.
Siirtolaisuusinstituutin toimintakertomus vuodelta 1987 = Summary of the annual report for 1987 of the Institute of Migration
Immigration from nothern Finland and Sweden to northern Norway in the 19th century
From the state of the art in migration research to the bicentennial of European Australia in 1988 : lectio praecursoria, University of Turku, September 20, 1986.
