http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10084 kauppaneuvokset (honorary titles)
kauppaneuvokset (honorary titles) commercial counsellors
Modelling and developing sales process of vessel drydocking : case: Viktor Lenac d.d
Executive summary  (s. 13-22).
Global economic institutions : critical writings on global institutions. Volume 4, Environment
Global economic institutions : critical writings on global institutions. Volume 1, General
Load lines : International Convention on Load Lines, 1966 and protocol of 1988, as amended in 2003.
Global economic institutions : critical writings on global institutions. Volume 2, Trade
Trade and structural adjustment : embracing globalisation
The comparison and analysis of motor vehicle distribution contracts
International competitiveness and business strategies : motorboat industry
European business : facts and figures
Topic for the thesis was founded when the author was doing internship in Viktor Lenac drydock in Rijeka, Croatia. Viktor Lenac is one of the biggest drydocks in Croatia and the Mediterranean that is specialized in class surveys, drydocking and repurposing vessels.  This qualitative research was to model sales process, juridical aspects of drydocking quotations and develops the sales process in order to achieve advantage in tight competition. Theoretical part of the thesis focuses on sales process and theory in service sales business. To theoretical part can also be added juridical aspects of drydocking in forms of classification surveys and flag state administration rules. Data for the empirical part has been collected with theme interviews inside the sales organization as well with customers and project organization. The empirical data has been fulfilled with personal experiences acquired while doing an internship inside the sales organization. The thesis in its current form is meant to be used as a tool in drydocking sales organization as well as improve the sales process to be more customer focused to achieve higher value in the drydocking sales process.
European consumer guide to the single market
Regulatory politics in the enlarging European Union : weighing civic and producer interests
Global economic institutions : critical writings on global institutions. Volume 3, Finance
Europe's automotive industry on the move : competitiveness in a changing world
World trade since 1431 : geography, technology, and capitalism
