http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10083 municipalities
municipalities
Parliamentary elections
Differences in well-being are examined at two regional levels. First, variations in well-being are studied based on municipal statistics by three indices that represent different aspects of life. The examination shows that the most problematic areas are in eastern and northern Finland. Second, residential differentiation is examined in two metropolitan areas, Helsinki and Tampere, through two variables: families with children and residents with university education. Metropolitan Helsinki is divided into socially distinctive residential areas. Low levels of education and the threat of unemployment concentrate in the northern and eastern parts of the city. Such clear socio-economic differentiation cannot be found in Metropolitan Tampere.
A rugged nation
"Our ability to make choices is fundamental to our sense of ourselves as human beings, and essential to the political values of freedom-protecting nations. Whom we love; where we work; how we spend our time; what we buy; such choices define us in the eyes of ourselves and others, and much blood and ink has been spilt to establish and protect our rights to make them freely. Choice can also be a burden. Our cognitive capacity to research and make the best decisions is limited, so every active choice comes at a cost. In modern life the requirement to make active choices can often be overwhelming. So, across broad areas of our lives, from health plans to energy suppliers, many of us choose not to choose. By following our default options, we save ourselves the costs of making active choices. By setting those options, governments and corporations dictate the outcomes for when we decide by default.This is among the most significant ways in which they effect social change, yet we are just beginning to understand the power and impact of default rules. Many central questions remain unanswered: When should governments set such defaults, and when should they insist on active choices? How should such defaults be made? What makes some defaults successful while others fail? Cass R. Sunstein has long been at the forefront of developing public policy and regulation to use government power to encourage people to make better decisions. In this major new book, Choosing Not to Choose, he presents his most complete argument yet for how we should understand the value of choice, and when and how we should enable people to choose not to choose. The onset of big data gives corporations and governments the power to make ever more sophisticated decisions on our behalf, defaulting us to buy the goods we predictably want, or vote for the parties and policies we predictably support.As consumers we are starting to embrace the benefits this can bring. But should we? What will be the long-term effects of limiting our active choices on our agency? And can such personalized defaults be imported from the marketplace to politics and the law? Confronting the challenging future of data-driven decision-making, Sunstein presents a manifesto for how personalized defaults should be used to enhance, rather than restrict, our freedom and well-being"--
Managing local social services in reforms : challenges to the leadership of human resource management
Lithuania business intelligence report
Expertise through projects
Finite fields for computer scientists and engineers
The greatest escape : how one French community saved thousands of lives from the Nazis
'This is a robust text - challenging and provocative and one which students will benefit from reading. Layder guides the reader through a large body of relevant literature. He draws attention to the strengths and weaknesses of particular approaches as he sees them and he is not afraid to offer his own judgements on the issues and problems he addresses' - Professor John Eldridge, University of Glasgow. This is a revised, updated and enlarged version of the accessible, authoritative first edition - a jargon-free textbook that provides an introduction to the core issues in social theory.
New York before New York. A fortune, or a forgery. A love story, or a battle of wits. Nothing is black and white
The inception of the municipal hospital service, the Fever hospital, the Municipal hospital, and the Cholera hospital
Larsmo : 365 öar livskraft = 365 saarta elinvoimaa = 365 islands of vitality
Case studies in global school health promotion : from research to practice
Ritual regicide versus strife : on divine kingship as an order-creating element in the political life of two Owambo kingdoms : a re-evaluation of the political significance of sacred kingship
On local government spending and taxation behaviour : effect of population size and economic condition
Statement of Eija Vinnari's doctoral thesis "Public service or public investment? An assesment of the consequences of new public management in the water sector"
Essays on Finnish municipal finance and intergovernmental grants
Moving teacher education into urban schools and communities : prioritizing community strengths
Today greater responsibilities are being put on regions to shape their own future. Thus, different kinds of regional collaboration arenas have emerged and an increasing number of regional collaboration projects are now crossing both county and nation borders. The object of interest in this study is the Bothnian Arc project. This project involves municipalities on the Swedish and the Finnish side of the Gulf of Bothnia. The aim has been to analyse opinions and experiences of Swedish actors regarding the Bothnian Arc as a region-strengthening project. The article is based on interviews with fourteen municipality representatives and a questionnaire answered by approximately 300 firm managers within the Bothnian Arc area.The Bothnian Arc is essentially a political project and this study shows that the policy creating institutions have not succeeded in transferring ideas and objectives to firms within the area. In fact, only 30 per cent of the firm managers were familiar with the project. More concrete projects adapted to firm interests were required by a few of the municipality representatives. Moreover, the municipalities closest to the Finnish border are more active and involved both on municipal and firm level. This tendency is primarily due to already existing traditions of collaboration with Finnish actors.
Construction of an institutionally aware process-oriented performance measurement system : a case study of a Finnish local government
Libraries - an important part of the developing information society : a greeting to the international community of librarians
Estonia business intelligence report
Albu vald : fotosid läbi sajandite = Albu parish. Photos through centuries
The question of the commons : the culture and ecology of communal resources
Voluntary CSR vs. mandatory CSR : the sound of employees
Sociocultural space : spatial modelling and the sociocultural world
The Managing Art Projects with Societal Impact project has been created to increase the level of knowledge and competence of cultural managers who engage in managing and mediating art projects with societal impact. The published study book by the project Managing Art Projects with Societal Impact meets the demand for developing specific management skills by discussing the intersections of art, society and impacts and their relation to different policies, as well as identifying the central managerial aspects that are relevant to increasing the societal influence of the arts. This guide, based on the contribution of project’s study book, presents some tools and models with illustrative cases and examples, which seek to reflect diverse reader experiences, learning methods and ideas for managing art projects with societal impact.
EBRF 2011 : conference proceedings
Oulu region -  the direction for expertise
Reformers and politicians : the power play for the 1998 reform of public administration in Poland, as seen by its main players
New opportunities for co-operatives : ICA Global Research Conference, 24.-27.8.2011 - Mikkeli, Finland : abstracts
The martian chronicles
The politics of public budgeting : getting and spending, borrowing and balancing
Disputatio politica de formis imperiorum et monarchae seu regis constitutione. Praeside m. Michaele O. Wexionio hist. & pol. p. p. nec non pro tempore in spectore s. r. m.tis stip. accuratissimo: Respondente Iohanne L. Klingio Nericiense s. r.ae m.tis stipendiario. In Regia, nova ac praeclara Academia Aboënsi: ad diem 23. Nov. a. 1644. horis & loco consvetis
Forum on public policy : a journal of the Oxford Round Table
The Pohja case : a Finnish municipality in transition
Transforming schools into community learning centers
The inherent value of local democracy
Focus on Finland
Modern societies currently lack positive alternative visions of the future. Many writers have claimed that the only option is a return to free-market capitalism, in which success and survival depend on being as competitive as possible whether as a nation, firm or individual.; Paul Hirst argues that there are viable alternative futures and widely applicable models that can be used to structure change. Hirst's distinctive approach to political theory reasons from real political problems rather than confining itself to abstract concepts.; Presenting an innovative political position, this collection of essays represents an attempt to re- state a practical third way between the discredited ideals of state socialism and laissez-faire capitalism.
Oulu region business strategy 2002-2006
Implementation in a multi-organizational setting : local networks in environmental health policy
Principal selection processes in eight Finnish municipalities
Local government grant reforms in Finland : a public choice analysis
Learning new skills : Finnish municipalities towards sustainability
Second home tourism in Finland : perceptions of citizens and municipalities on the state and development of second home tourism
Quality in the procurement of municipal services
The social science encyclopedia
Economic policy and municipal reality
This is Finland
Authority, responsibility and justice in environmental politics : papers from the 8. Nordic environmental social science research conference June 18-20, 2007 : Workshop 1
Universities and engagement : international perspectives on higher education and lifelong learning
"When teacher education is located on a university campus, set apart from urban schools and communities, it is easy to overlook the realities and challenges communities face as they struggle toward social, economic, cultural, and racial justice. This book describes how teacher education can become a meaningful part of this work, by re-positioning programs directly into urban schools and communities. Situating their work within the theoretical framework of prioritizing community strengths, each set of authors provides a detailed and nuanced description of a teacher education program re-positioned within an urban school or community. Authors describe the process of developing such a relationship, how the university, school, and community became integrated partners in the program, and the impact on participants. As university-based teacher education has come under increased scrutiny for lack of "real world" relevance, this book showcases programs that have successfully navigated the travails of shifting their base directly into urban schools and communities, with evidence of positive outcomes for all involved"--
Coaching education program for United Arab Emirates ice hockey association  : building the framework and level 1 material
Tess of the d'Urbervilles : a pure woman faithfully presented
Health care prioritisation : evolution of the concept, research and policy process
Local Decision Making III
Identifying remaining socio-technical challenges at the national level: Finland : working paper (WP 1 - MS 5)
Determinants of expenditure variation in Finnish municipalities
Readings in state and local public finance
Role of municipalities in water services
Online dictionary of the social sciences
Features of online action in Russian blogosphere : a case study research of an ad hoc movement in St. Petersburg
Alignment and leadership in ICT strategies of private and public organizations
The immigrant's guide to living in australia
The whole municipality working together for older people : perspectives on the development of elderly people's independent living, care and services
In Kuopio "Let's have a walk and chat"
One thousand and twenty years of young Slovakia : the first complete book about the Slovak Republic
Family duties in the history of poor relief and social legislation in Finland
Corporate Social Responsibility: A Case Study of BSCI Implementation at Best Friend Group Oy
Updating International Strategy in a Municipality : case: the City of Lahti
On adaptive and strategic behaviour of local level communities
Toponymic Guidelines for Map Editors and Other Editors : Finland
Managing art projects with societal impact : in a nutshell
Business brief: Britain
The consultative municipal referendum as a support for decision-making in local governmet
Global policy at local level : the implementation process of "Local Agenda 21" in Finland
Tartu county
Social responsibility - methods, dilemmas and hopes
Iceland
Expert Consultation on Community-based Veterinary Public Health Systems : [Rome, 27-28 October 2003]
A safer municipality : the Safe Community operating model as a support for local safety planning
Regions of Finland : Lapland Province, Metropolitan Areas of Finland, Municipalities of Central Finland Region, Municipalities of Central Ostrobothnia Region, Municipalities of Eastern Uusimaa Region, Municipalities of Kainuu Region
Kunnittainen väestöennuste 1975-2010 = Befolkningsprognos kommunvis 1975-2010 = Population projection by municipalities 1975-2010
"This social science dictionary has 1000 entries covering the disciplines of sociology, criminology, political science and women's study with a commitment to Canadian examples and events and names."--Kotisivu.
The process of creating and implementing a tutor’s guide for international degree student tutors of HAAGA-HELIA Student Union HELGA
The impacts of permanent shoreline residential housing on municipal economies.
Towards a successful environmental policy in the municipalities and regions : indicator and indexes as an assessment tool
Impacts of state aid rules on the voluntary tasks of municipalities in support of local livelihood
Kunnittainen väestöennuste vuoteen 2000 saakka = Prognos över kommunernas befolkning till år 2000 = Projection of population in the communes to the year 2000
Latvia business intelligence report
Property valuation as a tool in Finnish municipal decision making
Interpretation and method : empirical research methods and the interpretive turn
Corporate Social Responsibility Benchmarking in the Sporting Goods Industry
Different rights and duties regarding welfare services : a focus on the municipal level
Finnish journal for Romanian studies
On the nature of social and institutional reality
From statism to pluralism : democracy, civil society and global politics
Developing services in student union
Correspondences between the strategic plans of the Southern local governments and the co-operation project plans for 2010: Kenya, Tanzania, Namibia, South Africa, Swaziland and Ghana
Independent local politics in England and Wales
Women in local politics : the case of Finland : paper prepared for the ECPR workshop on local politics, Gothenburg/Marstrand, August 19th-24th, 1974
The application of the SMETA audit protocol on the management of the CSR of Peruvian companies : a case study of standardization via SMETA in manufacturing companies
Developing local democracy : the state and challenges of Finnish local democracy in the postmodern era
Well-being in Finland: A comparison of municipalities and residential differentiation in two cities
Kunnittainen väestöennuste vuoteen 2000 saakka = prognos över kommunernas befolkning till år 2000 = projection of population in the communes to the year 2000.. Osa, del, part 2
Local self-government in Finland : change through structural reforms in the future
Clinical pharmacy services : successful practices in community hospitals
Interest representation and state-society relations in East Central Europe
Supporting community care of demented patients
Community law centres : a critical apprisal
Corporate Social Responsibility: Approaches and Criticism
Childhood's end
Recognise, protect and act : recommendations for the prevention of interpersonal and domestic violence : how to guide and lead local and regional activities in social and health care services
New forms of service-production : fashion or a necessity?
Two gruesome murders have shocked the Swedish town of Helsingborg. The first victim, a thug who liked using his fists, died with his hands sawn off. His sidekick, a fan of steel-capped boots, was crushed to death feet-first. Both men were bullies in the same class at school. Is someone serving justice after thirty years? The killer leaves no trace behind. But for lead investigator Fabian Risk, the lack of forensic evidence is not the only problem. He too was a student in that class--which makes him both a potential victim and a potential suspect... Full of unremitting suspense and unexpected twists, Stefan Ahnhem's Victim Without a Face is a sensational thriller from a superb debut storyteller. -
Cross-border collaboration in the North. Viewpoints of municipal representatives and firm managers on the Bothnian Arc project
The International Commission for Orders of Chivalry
Väestöennuste kunnittain = Befolkningsprognos kommunvis = Population projection by municipalites. 2001-2030
Väestörakenne kunnittain = Befolkningens sammansättning kommunvis = Structure of population by municipality. 31.12.1988
Climate change emergencies and European municipalities : guidelines for adaptation and response
In the twilight zone : a survey of public private partnerships in Sweden
Magoroto Mlinga community ecotourism : a feasibility study
Statistiköversikt : landskapet Österbotten 2003 = Tilastokatsaus : Pohjanmaan maakunta 2003 = Statistical Review : Region of Ostrobothnia 2003.
Spend and tax or tax and spend? : panel data evidence from Finnish municipalities during 1985-1999
Kunnittainen väestöennuste vuoteen 2000 saakka = prognos över kommunernas befolkning till år 2000 = projection of population in the communes to the year 2000.
Suomen kunnallisvaakunat = Finlands kommunvapen = Municipal coats of arms of Finland
Suomen vanhimmat paikkakuntaleimat = The early postmarks of Finland = Die frühen Ortstempel Finnlands
A critical analysis of the 'cooperative' strategy to poverty reduction : a case study of cooperatives in Lagos, Nigeria
Gender on corporate boards : a discourse analysis of a debate of gender quotas on an internet discussion site
City government in Hellenistic and Roman Asia minor
When even money can't buy - ice sports conditions in Oulu
Choosing not to choose : understanding the value of choice
Plan européen d'échanges intermunicipaux : annuaire = European plan for inter-municipal exchanges : yearbook. 1956.
Kunnittainen väestöennuste vuoteen 2000 saakka = prognos över kommunernas befolkning till år 2000 = projection of population in the communes to the year 2000.. Osa, del, part 1
Boundaries, size and performance : a Delphi study on the development of local government structure in Finland
Quality controlling in the Finnish Municipalities
Local government finances
Fit for life programme taking hold in outlying villages
Attitudes and participation of local authority residents 1966-2004
Lithuania profile
Reception of refugees in Finland
Emergency response planning : for corporate and municipal managers
Sustainable water network management in Lempäälä municipality
Victim without a face
Mankind : the story of all of us
City Government in Hellenistic and Roman Asia Minor examines the social and administrative transformation of Greek society within the early Roman empire, assessing the extent to which the numerous changes in Greek cities during the imperial period ought to be attributed to Roman influence. The topic is crucial to our understanding of the foundations of Roman imperial power because Greek speakers comprised the empire's second largest population group and played a vital role in its administration, culture, and social life. This book elucidates the transformation of Greek society in this period from a local point of view, mostly through the study of local sources such as inscriptions and coins. By providing information on public activities, education, family connections, and individual careers, it shows the extent of and geographical variation in Greek provincial reaction to the changes accompanying the establishment of Roman rule. In general, new local administrative and social developments during the period were most heavily influenced by traditional pre-Roman practices, while innovations were few and of limited importance.
Suomen kunnallisvaakunat = Finlands kommunalvapen = Municipal coats of arms of Finland
The revenues-expenditures nexus - evidence from Finnish local government panel data
Report on PhD dissertation by Michael Kull
EU multi-level governance in the making : the community initiative LEADER+ in Finland and Germany
Egoprise supported Kauhava municipality in developing a new e-service to the local business community
History and philosophy of psychology
Fiscal stress and public policy
Korea focus : on current topics
Statistics on local government productivity
Facilitating arts-based methods in elderly care : a multiple case study on organizations
Impact of the European Parliament on the Community's social legislation July 1989 - July 1994.
Quarterly local government finances
Individuals at the heart of educational change : local level administrators' views on the development of the organization of language education through top-down projects, bottom-up reorganization, and cooperation and communication
English on the Finnish web pages : representations of Finnish towns and municipalities
Kalixboken = the book about Kalix
Migration, small municipalities and the transition in the forms of social capital
Evaluation of new alternatives to improve landfill waste diversion in Reykjavík, Iceland
Tilastollinen selvitys lastensuojelutoiminnan laajuudesta Suomen kunnissa vuoden 1948 lopussa = Statistisk redogörelse för omfattningen av barnskyddsarbetet i Finlands kommuner i slutet av år 1948 = Statistical survey on the extent of the child welfare work in the communes of Finland at the end of 1948 = Exposé statistique sur l'étendue de l'activité pour la protection de l'enfance dans les communes de la Finlande à la fin de l'année 1948.
Reduced working hours : reshaping the duration, timing and tempo of work
Reflection of gender : on the career of women managers
Using research instruments : a guide for researchers
Sustainable development : a handbook for municipalities
Whose servants? : The Dilemma of Four Tanzanian Umbralla and Quasi-umbrella NGOs
Internationalization of the Economic Life in Kangasala : SME-internationalization Project : ECOS-Ouverture
Interest-group evaluation : the case of local economic-development policy
Undestanding TED as Alternative Media
Understanding social theory
Institutional constraints and policy choice : an exploration of local governance
