http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10081 clairvoyance
clairvoyance
The Chaos
Once burned
The life of elves
Final hour
In a small South Carolina town, where it seems little has changed since the Civil War, sixteen-year-old Ethan is powerfully drawn to Lena, a new classmate with whom he shares a psychic connection and whose family hides a dark secret that may be revealed on her sixteenth birthday.
Red prophet
The raven king
The road to Delphi : the life and afterlife of oracles
A officer's duty
You'd think that being chief seer for the supernatural world would come with a few perks. But as Cassie Palmer has learned, being Pythia doesn't mean you don't have to do things the hard way. That's why she finds herself on a rescue mission skipping through time - even though she doesn't entirely understand her dimension-bending new power. Rescuing her friend John Pritkin should have been an in-and-out kind of deal, but with the near-immortal mage's soul lost in time, Cassie has to hunt for it through the ages - with Pritkin's demon dad in tow. He's the only one who can reverse Pritkin's curse, but with the guardians of the timeline dead set on stopping anyone from mucking about, Cassie will have to figure out how to get her friend back without ruffling too many feathers - or causing a world-ending paradox or two...
The pleasure trap
Superscience : explaining the paranormal
Never saw it coming
The wooden sea
In the light of what we see
Like this for ever
Night star
Supernormal : science, yoga and the evidence for extraordinary psychic abilities
Sleeping with fear
18 seconds : a Sherry Moore novel
Channelling : use your psychic powers to contact your spirit guides
Cold courage
The light between us : lessons from heaven that teach us to live better in the here and now
The psychic tourist : a voyage into the curious world of predicting the future
The mammoth book of Nostradamus and other prophets
The vanishers
Brighton, 1938: Grace Kemp is pushed away by the family she has shamed. Rejected and afraid, she begins a new life as a nurse. But danger stalks the hospital too, and she'll need to be on her guard to avoid falling into familiar traps. And then there are the things she sees...Strange portents that have a way of becoming real. Eighty years later, Mina Morgan is brought to the same hospital after a near-fatal car crash. She is in terrible pain but recalls nothing. She's not even sure whom to trust. Mina too sees things that others cannot, but now, in hospital, her visions are clearer than ever...Two women, separated by decades, are drawn together by a shared space and a common need to salvage their lives.
The Dead Zone
Reading Russian fortunes : print culture, gender, and divination in Russia from 1765
This isn't what it looks like
The encyclopedia of paranormal powers : discover the secrets of mind readers, mediums and more
The dream thieves
Entangled minds : extrasensory experiences in a quantum reality
Reap the wind
Mixed signals
The foreshadowing
The white giraffe
Murder by the sea
Living with the dead
The dead zone
The raven boys
The seeing
The woman who wouldn't die
Edgar Cayce: an american prophet
Endless knight
The forever watch
Nutrition for intuition
Don't kiss them goodbye
Red Girls : the Legend of the Akakuchibas
A message of hope from the angels
The survivors
The shining
Not believing in true love, Blue never thought the warning that she will cause her true love's death would be a problem, but as her life is entangled in the world of the Raven Boys, she's not so sure anymore.
Angels in my hair
Love from Heaven
Where love comes from
Medium. The sixth season
Deadly forecast : a psychic eye mystery
The bone season
Infinity
Stairways to heaven
You have to stop this
A knight of the word
Hardship
The mime order
Imagining the supernatural north
Angels in my hair : [the illustrated edition]
365 ways to develop your psychic ability : simple tools to increase your intuition and clairvoyance
Blood dreams
The space between : an Outlander novella
Blue Lily, Lily Blue
The Real Sherlock Holmes : the mysterious methods and curious history of a true mental specialist
The conscious universe : the scientific truth of psychic phenomena
Dead of winter
A soldier's duty
FlashForward
Red lights
Pandora's daughter
