http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10086 natural history
natural history
The Malay archipelago : the land of the orang-utan, and the bird of paradise : a narrative of travel, with studies of man and nature
Woodcraft and Indian lore : a classic guide from a founding father of the boy scouts of America : with over five hundred drawings by the author
Scientific travellers, 1790-1877. Vol. 5, The naturalist on the river Amazons , volume 1
Start as a proto-dinosaur or proto-mammal, just after the Permian apocalypse that destroyed 96% of the planet. Faced with environmental changes and competition from others, you must mutate your species and start new species. Create bizarre chimeras, from vegetarian velociraptors to flying dolphins. Establish subterranean civilizations, tame fire, or just be super-sexy. - Overview: From 1 to 4 players start as proto-dinosaurs or proto-mammals. These creatures are distinguished by dentition; some have long batteries of teeth better suited for masticating plants, while others have fewer teeth better suited for meat-eating. Each player starts with genes used to purchase mutation and genotype cards. Stacks of cards and tiles indicate the dietary DNA of your species, giving it adaptations such as long necks for browsing. Markers on tracks record roadrunner DNA, attributes that help your species catch prey or avoid being prey, such as swiftness or aggressiveness. You can create interesting critters, like blubbery vegetarian velociraptors, or flying fire-using hedgehogs. Tiles that have gone extinct are collected in an area on the map called the “tarpits”. These tiles are distributed among the most populous players as victory points during four scoring rounds.
Making Faces
Scientific travellers, 1790-1877. Vol. 2, Aspects of nature in different lands and different climates
Pehr Kalm : his London diary : a Finnish visitor to England in 1748 while on his way to North America
Fifty animals that changed the course of history
Capturing the essence of the origin and evolution of the so-called "degeneracy debates," over whether the flora and fauna of America (including Native Americans) were naturally weaker and feebler than species elsewhere in the world, this book chronicles Thomas Jefferson's efforts to counter French conceptions of American degeneracy, culminating in his sending of a stuffed moose to Buffon.
Participatory research in more-than-human worlds
The undying west : a chronicle of Montana's Camas Prairie
Natural history of raised bogs and forest vegetation in the Lammi area, southern Finland studied by stratigraphical methods
Bulletin of the British Museum. Natural history. Historical series
The evolution of everything : how new ideas emerge
The story of Vermont : a natural and cultural history
Personalities of Russian amateur botany, 1. Leontius Petrovich Alexandrov (1857-1929), and the neglected protologue of Alchemilla propinqua H.Lindb.
The art of evolution : Darwin, Darwinisms, and visual culture
The natural history of Juan Fernandez and Easter Island. 3, Zoology
A magnificent history of the gene and a response to the defining question of the future: What becomes of being human when we learn to "read" and "write" our own genetic information? Siddhartha Mukherjee has a written a biography of the gene as deft, brilliant, and illuminating as his extraordinarily successful biography of cancer. Weaving science, social history, and personal narrative to tell us the story of one of the most important conceptual breakthroughs of modern times, Mukherjee animates the quest to understand human heredity and its surprising influence on our lives, personalities, identities, fates, and choices.
South America and Central America : a natural history
Mr. Jefferson and the giant moose : natural history in early America
Conservation of geological collections
The polar world : a popular description of man and nature in the Arctic and Antarctic regions of the globe
Just enough : lessons in living green from traditional Japan
The identity of the history of science and medicine
A relation between historical forest use and current dead woody material in a boreal protected old-growth forest in Finland
Stuffing birds, pressing plants, shaping knowledge : natural history in North America, 1730-1860
Leontius Petrovich Alexandrov (1857-1929) was a paediatric surgeon (in urology) in Moscow. As an amateur botanist he collected plants in 1914-1924, mostly Alchemilla, in Moscow and its nearest vicinities, as well as in the former Yaroslavl, Vyatka and Perm Regions. His collections, including types of Alchemilla, are housed at the Komarov Botanical Institute (LE) and the Herbarium of the Museum of History and Culture of the Central Kama Region in Sarapul, Udmurt Republic, Russia....
Wild Caribbean : the hidden wonders of the world's most famous islands
Scientific travellers, 1790-1877. Vol. 4, Himalayan journals, volume II
Journal of the Cincinnati Society of Natural History
The care and conservation of palaeontological material
The way to the West : essays on the Central Plains
Art of nature : three centuries of natural history art from around the world
Scientific travellers, 1790-1877. Vol. 8, The Malay archipelago, vol. 2
Nature's economy : a history of ecological ideas : Donald Webster
Scientific travellers, 1790-1877. Vol. 3, Himalayan journals, volume I
Asia : a natural history
Monographs of the western North American naturalist
This comprehensive survey of insects and terrestrial invertebrates (worms, scorpions, spiders, etc) referred to by Greek and Roman authors from the earliest times to AD 600. The role of each invertebrate type in classical life and thought is discussed, including popular beliefs and general attitudes to particular animals, their significance as domestic or agricultural pests and any practical use to man as sources of food, medicine or products such as silk.
The Galápagos : a natural history
Himalayan journals, or, Notes of a naturalist in Bengal, the Sikkim and Nepal Himalayas, the Khasia mountains, &c
Face of North America : the natural history of a continent
The animal in Ottoman Egypt
Travels into North America; containing its natural history, and a circumstantial account of its plantations and agriculture in general, with the civil, ecclesiastical and commercial state of the country, the manners of the inhabitants, and several curious and important remarks on various subjects. By Peter Kalm, professor of oeconomy in the University of Aobo in Swedish Finland, and member of the Swedish Royal Academy of Sciences. Translated into English by John Reinhold Forster, F. A. S. Enriched with a map, several cuts for the illustration of natural history, and some additional notes. Vol. II
Natural history of Ireland : a sketch of its flora & fauna
Life stories
Land of the eagle : a natural history of North America
The Resolution journal of Johann Reinhold Forster 1772-1775. 2
Finnish botanists actively studied the flora of Karelia (Karelian Republic) and the Kola Peninsula (Murmansk Region) when Finland was a Grand Duchy of Russia in 1809-1918. J. Fellman's expeditions in 1829 were the first notable botanical expeditions to the area. Geologically and floristically the area was similar to Finland, and exploring the area was considered to be a national duty for Finnish biologists. Almost 40 Finnish scientists who travelled on the Kola Peninsula collected significant amounts of herbarium specimens from there. The specimens are mostly in H, but duplicates were distributed widely. The collectors include M. Aschan, W. M. Axelson (Linnaniemi), V. Borg (Kivilinna), M. Brenner, V. F. Brotherus, R. Envald, J. Fellman, N. I. Fellman, C. W. Fontell, E. af Hällström, H. Hollmén, P. A. Karsten, A. Osw. Kihlman (Kairamo), F. W. Klingstedt, H. Lindberg, J. Lindén, A. J. Malmberg (Mela), J. Montell, F. Nylander, J. A. Palmén, V. Pesola, P. A. Rantaniemi, J. Sahlberg, and G. Selin. A short description is given of the biographies of the most important collectors with notes on their itineraries. Details of the collections from the Kola Peninsula are mostly taken from the vascular-plant specimens kept in the Finnish main herbaria and entered in the Floristic database Kastikka of the Finnish Museum of Natural History. As to bryophytes, lichens and other fungi, only a small proportion has been entered into the database. A network of biogeographic provinces for the Kola Peninsula was created by Finnish scientists in the mid 1800s, and it is still commonly used. Changes in the boundaries of provinces in the peninsula are discussed. The herbarium data are given according to the provinces.
Heritage of the Russian Arctic : research, conservation, and international co-operation : proceedings of the International Scientific Willem Barents Memorial Arctic Conservation Symposium, held in Moscow, Russia, 10-14 March 1998
The future eaters : an ecological history of the Australasian lands and people
The Oxford book of nature writing
Human mummies : a global survey of their status and the techniques of conservation
The continent we live on
Nature of natural history
Darwin's other islands
Ecology : individuals, populations and communities
From books to bezoars : Sir Hans Sloane and his collections
The eye of the elephant : an epic adventure in the African wilderness
The history of the countryside
View from a sketchbook : nature through the eyes of Marjolein Bastin
All shades of green : the environmentalization of Finnish society
Pliny and the artistic culture of the Italian Renaissance : the legacy of the Natural history
Storage of natural history collections : ideas and practicalsolutions
Hampstead heath : its geology and natural history
Vita vigilia est : essays in honour of Barbara Levick
The natural history of Juan Fernandez and Easter Island. Vol. 1, Geography, geology, origin of island life, pt. 3:5 Derivation of the flora and fauna of Juan Fernandez and Easter Island
A short history of nearly everything
Travels into North America; containing its natural history, and a circumstantial account of its plantations and agriculture in general, with the civil, ecclesiastical and commercial state of the country, the manners of the inhabitants, and several curious and important remarks on various subjects. By Peter Kalm, professor of oeconomy in the University of Aobo in Swedish Finland, and member of the Swedish Royal Academy of Sciences. Translated into English by John Reinhold Forster, F. A. S. Enriched with a map, several cuts for the illustration of natural history, and some additional notes. Vol. III
A natural history of Ireland
This volume of newly transcribed letters documents the travels of the Victorian naturalist Alfred Russel Wallace in the Malay Archipelago, during which he famously discovered natural selection independently of Darwin. Vivid with detail, the letters are fully annotated and accompanied by an introduction with a newly reconstructed itinerary.
The Hutchinson science reference suite
Notes from Wallace's Malay expedition.
Dinosaur in a haystack : reflections in natural history
Scientific travellers, 1790-1877. Vol. 6, The naturalist on the river Amazons, volume II
Coastal lagoons in Estonia and in the Central Baltic Sea region : development history, geology and hydrology, biodiversity and nature conservation value
Handbook of the psychology of science
Handbook of nature study : for teachers and pupils in elementary schools
The natural history book : the ultimate visual guide to everything on Earth
Travels into North America; containing its natural history, and a circumstantial account of its plantations and agriculture in general, with the civil, ecclesiastical and commercial state of the country, the manners of the inhabitants, and several curious and important remarks on various subjects. By Peter Kalm, professor of oeconomy in the University of Aobo in Swedish Finland, and member of the Swedish Royal Academy of Sciences. Translated into English by John Reinhold Forster, F. A. S. Enriched with a map, several cuts for the illustration of natural history, and some additional notes. Vol. I.
Where do camels belong? : the story and science of invasive species
Biological investigations in Mexico
A naturalist on desert islands
How to read the landscape
Scientific travellers, 1790-1877. Vol. 7, The Malay archipelago, volume I
Wildwood : a journey through trees
Vestiges of the natural history of creation
The Resolution journal of Johann Reinhold Forster 1772-1775. 1
Canada's Western Arctic, including the Dempster Highway
The poetics of natural history : from John Bartram to William James
Upland Britain : a natural history
Science with a human face : the activity of the Czechoslovak scientists František Šorm and Otto Wichterle during the Cold War
To sail beyond the sunset : natural history in Australia 1699-1829
Natural history in the Highlands & Islands
Handbook of nature study
Teenagers : a natural history
"Where to start, where to stop?" : papers from the British Museum/MEG Ethnographic Conservation Colloquium : edited by Lewis Hill and Sue Giles
A natural history of nature writing
Scientific travellers, 1790-1877. Vol. 8, The Malay archipelago, volume II
The gene : an intimate history
The order of things : an archaeology of the human sciences
Middle age : a natural history
Not since Richard Fitter’s landmark publication in 1945, ‘London’s Natural History’ – volume 3 in the New Naturalist series – has there been a comprehensive guide to urban natural history. Since then there have been major advances in the conservation of nature in our towns and cities, and there is even more to say about how animals and plants have adapted, in varying degrees, to urbanisation. But this is not merely an exploration of natural history within the urban environment – David Goode uses his knowledge of urban ecology to describe the range of habitats and species which exist within urban areas, and shows how our understanding is being applied to encourage a greater variety of nature into towns and cities. He illustrates how an ecological approach can be incorporated within planning and design to create a range of habitats from tiny oases to extensive new urban woodland and wetlands.Nature in towns and citites / David Goode.
Roots of ecology : antiquity to Haeckel
The Natural History Museum : Guide
Harald Lindberg - a Finnish botanist
Annual report on the New York State Museum of Natural History
Kinabalu, summit of Borneo
Walden, civil disobedience, and other writings : authoritative texts, journal, reviews and posthumous assessments, criticism
Sveriges naturum = Naturum Visitor Centres in Sweden
Sharing nature with children II : a sequel to the classic parents' & teachers' nature awareness guidebook : formerly Sharing the joy of nature
Insects and other invertebrates in classical antiquity
The Resolution journal of Johann Reinhold Forster 1772-1775. 3
Eight little piggies : reflections in natural history
Historic storms of the North Sea, British Isles and Northwest Europe
Discovering october roads : fall colors and geology in rural East Tennessee
Wild England of to-day and the wild life in it
A child's introduction to natural history : the story of our living earth-from amazing animals and plants to fascinating fossils and gems
Picturing the book of nature : image, text, and argument in sixteenth-century human anatomy and medical botany
Amateur botanist Jacob Fellman (1793-1875), priest of northernmost Finland at Utsjoki in 1820-1831, was the first Finn to study the flora of northernmost East Fennoscandia. He did several long expeditions to Lapponia inarensis (Finland), to East Finnmark (Norway) and to the western Kola Peninsula region (Northwest Russia). His main publications include lists of the species of those areas, as well as their localities and frequencies (J. Fellman 1831, 1835). His memoirs (J. Fellman 1906a) also contain a great deal of plant information. Fellman was also interested in economic plants and phenological observations....
Proceedings of the Seventh and Eighth Symposia on Collection Building and Natural History Studies in Asia and the Pacific Rim
Arctic dreams : imagination and desire in a Northern landscape
Scientific travellers, 1790-1877. Vol. 9, The gold regions of South-Eastern Africa
Wonderful life : the Burgess Shale and the nature of history
Sociable knowledge : natural history and the nation in early modern Britain
Travels in Georgia and Florida, 1773-74 : a report to Dr. John Fothergill
Nature's connections : an exploration of natural history
Things that grow
National Geographic tales of the weird : unbelievable true stories
The natural history of Pompeii
Earth in 100 groundbreaking discoveries
Darwin's universe : evolution from A to Z
Nature in towns and citites
Annual report of the Trustees of the State Museum of Natural History
National geographic video
"The New York Times bestselling author of The Rational Optimist and Genome returns with a fascinating, brilliant argument for evolution that definitively dispels a dangerous, widespread myth: that we can command and control our world.The Evolution of Everything is about bottom-up order and its enemy, the top-down twitch--the endless fascination human beings have for design rather than evolution, for direction rather than emergence. Drawing on anecdotes from science, economics, history, politics and philosophy, Matt Ridley's wide-ranging, highly opinionated opus demolishes conventional assumptions that major scientific and social imperatives are dictated by those on high, whether in government, business, academia, or morality. On the contrary, our most important achievements develop from the bottom up. Patterns emerge, trends evolve. Just as skeins of geese form Vs in the sky without meaning to, and termites build mud cathedrals without architects, so brains take shape without brain-makers, learning can happen without teaching and morality changes without a plan.Although we neglect, defy and ignore them, bottom-up trends shape the world. The growth of technology, the sanitation-driven health revolution, the quadrupling of farm yields so that more land can be released for nature--these were largely emergent phenomena, as were the Internet, the mobile phone revolution, and the rise of Asia. Ridley demolishes the arguments for design and effectively makes the case for evolution in the universe, morality, genes, the economy, culture, technology, the mind, personality, population, education, history, government, God, money, and the future.As compelling as it is controversial, authoritative as it is ambitious, Ridley's stunning perspective will revolutionize the way we think about our world and how it works"--
Forces of change : a new view of nature
Dutch Brazil. Volume 2, The "Thierbuch" and "Autobiography" of Zacharias Wagener
The forest unseen : a year's watch in nature
A journey back through the evolutionary history of our planet, from the origins and formation of the earth.
Our Dynamic Earth : the souvenir guide
The Paleo diet : lose weight and get healthy by eating the foods you were designed to eat
Faith in a seed : The dispersion of seeds and other late natural history writings
Fjällen = the swedish mountains = das schwedische Fjäll
Mongolia, the Tangut country, and the solitudes of northern Tibet : being a narrative of three years' travel in eastern High Asia / With introduction and notes by Col. Henry Yule ..
The talkative community : rhetorical, textual and pragmatic features of a corpus of scientific texts, 1711-1870
"Since humans first emerged as a distinct species, they have been locked into relationships with other animals. Humans ate, fought, prayed, and moved with animals. In this original and conceptually rich book, historian Alan Mikhail puts the history of human-animal relations at the center of the transformations of the Ottoman Empire from the sixteenth to the nineteenth centuries. He uses the history of the empire's most important province, Egypt, to explain how human interactions with livestock, dogs, and charismatic megafauna changed more in a few centuries than they had for millennia. The human world became one in which animals' social and economic functions were diminished. Without animals, humans had to remake the societies they had built around the intimate and cooperative interactions between species. The political and even evolutionary consequences of this separation of people and animals were wrenching and often violent. In tracing these interspecies histories, this book offers a bold program for Ottoman historians--highlighting a new capacious periodization of the empire's history, integrating environmental history and other methodologies, and opening up archives in close to a dozen countries. The wide-ranging and creative analyses on offer also push far beyond Ottoman history to engage issues in animal studies, economic history, early modern history, and environmental history. Carefully crafted and compellingly argued, The Animal in Ottoman Egypt tells the story of the high price humans and animals paid as they entered the modern world"--
Dutch Brazil. Volume 3, The pictures in the Hoflössnitz "Weinbergschlösschen"
Ancient natural history : histories of nature
Scientific travellers, 1790-1877. Vol. 1, Journal of a voyage to New South Wales
The natural history of the land of the Bible
Pearls : a natural history
The prodigious builders : notes toward a natural history of architecture with special regard to those species that are traditionally neglected or downright ignored
The early history of the idea of the inheritance of acquired characters and of pangenesis
Polar science and global climate : an international resource for education and outreach
Finnish botanists on the Kola Peninsula (Russia) up to 1918.
Fire on earth : an introduction
The natural history of Selborne; : observations on various parts of nature; and the naturalist's calendar
The works of Aristotle. Vol. 4, Historia animalium
Diary of a journey through the Carolinas, Georgia and Florida : from July 1, 1765 to April 10, 1766
The Codex canadensis and the writings of Louis Nicolas : The natural history of the New World = Histoire naturelle des Indes occidentales
Undeniable : evolution and the science of creation
Cruise of the "Alert." : four years in Patagonian, Polynesian and Mascarene waters. (1878-82.)
Natural history drawings in the India Office library
Harald Lindberg was one of the most eminent botanist in Finland during the 1900's. He studied a wide range of taxa, including subfossils and bryophytes. He investigated subfossils on peatlands in 60 municipalities, many of them now belonging to Russia. Lindberg described 11 new bryophyte taxa, and discovered 12 new species to Finland (including areas of former Finnish territory of today's Russia). For East Fennoscandia he described 8 new vascular plant species to science, discovered 42 new species and 26 hybrids to country. Apomictic species interested him also, and he described 4 new Alchemilla species, 34 Hieraciumtaxa and 80 Taraxacum species or subspecies. Later he became expertise also on Mediterranean species, and described 50 new species and 22 subspecies, especially from Morocco and Spain. Plantae Finlandiae Exsiccatae was an extensive effort. 2,081 numbers were distributed to 23 museum. .
My first summer in the Sierra
The works of George Berkeley, bishop of Cloyne. 4, De Motu, The Analyst, A defence of free-thinking in mathematics, Reasons for not replying to Mr. Walton's Full answer, Arithmetica and miscellanea mathematica, Of infinites, Letters on Vesuvius, on petrifications, and on earthquakes, Description of the cave of Dunmore
Postglacial forest succession, climate, and chronology in the Pacific Northwest
Jacob Fellman - the botanising priest
The Goldilocks planet : the four billion year story of Earth's climate
The Lebanon and Phoenicia : ancient texts illustrating their physical geography and native industries. Vol. 1, The physical setting and the forests
Nature and the English diaspora : environment and history in the United States, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand
Alfred Russel Wallace : letters from the Malay Archipelago
The invention of science : a new history of the scientific revolution
The flamingo's smile : [reflections in natural history]
PuLSe : news from the Linnean Society of London - a living forum for biology
"A book that makes the case for evolution over design and skewers a widespread but dangerous myth: that we have ultimate control over our world"--
Wildest Alaska : journeys of great peril in Lituya Bay
The culture of calamity : disaster and the making of modern America
Mires of Finnish North Karelia and their natural history
The Paleocene Pantodonta
The Arcturus adventure : an account of the New York zoological society's first oceanographic expedition
Publication
The use and abuse of nature
English men of science : their nature and nurture
Scottish author, publisher, and bookseller Robert Chambers knew that the radical theories about natural evolution he was espousing in this groundbreaking work would be controversial, so he published anonymously in 1844, and kept his identity a secret until 1884, long after Charles Darwins seminal Origin of Species had changed the tenor of modern scientific discourse. Indeed, Darwin praised Chambers daring, calling his book an excellent service that had swept away prejudice and prepared the public for introduction to Darwins similar ideas, for Chambers anticipated Darwin with his discussions of: the geological formation of the earth hypotheses on the development of the plant and animal kingdoms the early history of mankind and much more. Anyone interested in the history of science, the study of evolution, or the politics of science in the 19th century will enjoy this historic book.
Kermadec Biodiscovery Expedition 2011
Flora mirabilis : how plants have shaped world knowledge, health, wealth, and beauty
The history of natural history : an annotated bibliography
Theory and practice in Aristotle's natural science
New history of the Isle of Man. Vol. 1, Evolution of the natural landscape
Arctic national wildlife refuge : seasons of ilfe and land : a photographic journey
Georg Wilhelm Steller : the pioneer of Alaskan natural history
Iraq Natural History Museum publication
On the organic law of change : a facsimile edition and annotated transcription of Alfred Russel Wallace's Species notebook of 1855-1859
Contributions to natural history
