http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10026 theosophy
theosophy
The Cambridge companion to new religious movements
Religious and theosophical interpretations of the Kalevala in 20th century art / Erkki Anttonen
Secret brotherhoods and the mystery of the human double : seven lectures given in St Gallen, Zurich and Dornach between 6 and 25 November 1917
The living rosycross, August 24, 1924 - August 24, 1989 : word, life, light
The first and last freedom
Bodhisattva question : Krishnamurti, Rudolf Steiner, Annie Besant, Valentin Tomberg, and the mystery of the twentieth-century master
The Aryan path
Western esotericism : based on papers read at the Symposium on Western Esotericism held at Åbo, Finland on 15-17 August 2007
The ways in which religious communities interact with one another is an increasing focus of scholarly research and teaching. Issues of interreligious engagement, inclusive of dialogue more specifically and relations more generally, attract widespread interest and concern. In a religiously pluralist world, how different communities get along with each other is not just an academic question; it is very much a focus of socio-political and wider community attention. The study of religions and religion in the 21st century world must necessarily take account of relations within and between religions, whether this is approached from a theological, historical, political, or any other disciplinary point of view. Understanding Interreligious Relations is a reference work of relevance to students and scholars as well as of interest to a wider informed public. It comprises two main parts. The first provides expositions and critical discussions of the ways in which 'the other' has been construed and addressed from within the major religious traditions. The second presents analyses and discussions of key issues and topics in which interreligious relations are an integral constituent. The editors have assembled an authoritative and scholarly work that discusses perspectives on the religious 'other' and interreligious relations that are typical of the major religious traditions; together with substantial original chapters from a cross-section of emerging and established scholars on main debates and issues in the wider field of interreligious relations.
T.P.S. book notes
Heikki W. Virolainen's Kalevala sculptures and theosophy / Erkki Anttonen
Fill your soul! : paths of research into the art of Akseli Gallen-Kallela
Death : and after
Seek out the way : (studies in light on the path)
Blavatsky the Satanist : Luciferianism in theosophy, and it feminist implications
Encounter with India : studies in Neohinduism
Understanding interreligious relations
Divine feminine : theosophy and feminism in England
Handbook of new religions and cultural production
Some unrecognized factors in medicine
The origin of evil
The cultural products of new religions and spiritualities are frequently ignored or dismissed within academia, often stemming from a hesitation to acknowledge these movements as genuine. This volume explores the impact of new religions upon cultural production, exemplifying the theological and spiritual principles of particular movements and demonstrating their substantial impact on wider society. Contributions explore the realms of music, architecture, food, art, books, films, video games, and more. This scholarship will be of interest to those who wish to explore the gamut of modern religious expression, and those who wish to broaden their knowledge of the spiritual origins of human culture.
Magic and witchcraft : from shamanism to technopagans
The divine plan
"A touch of the spiritual world" : an anthroposophical core in the life and work of Kersti Bergroth (1886-1975)
"Throughout his career, Obeyesekere has combined psychoanalysis and anthropology to illuminate the relationship between personal symbolism and religious experience. In this book, he begins with Buddha's visionary trances wherein, over the course of four hours, he witnesses hundreds of thousands of his past births and eons of world evolution, renewal, and disappearance. He then connects this fracturing of empirical and visionary time to the realm of space, considering the experience of a female Christian penitent, who stares devotedly at a tiny crucifix only to see the space around it expand to mirror Christ's suffering. Obeyesekere follows the unconscious motivations underlying rapture, the fantastical consumption of Christ's body and blood, and body mutilation and levitation, bridging medieval Catholicism and the movements of early modern thought as reflected in William Blake's artistic visions and poetic dreams. He develops the term 'dream-ego' through a discussion of visionary journeys, Carl Jung's and Sigmund Freud's scientific dreaming, and the cosmic and erotic dream-visions of New Age virtuosos, and he defines the parameters of a visionary mode of knowledge that provides a more elastic understanding of truth. A career-culminating work, this volume translates the epistemology of Hindu and Buddhist thinkers for western audiences while revitalizing western philosophical and scientific inquiry."--Jacket.
Western esoterism : ultimate sacred postulates and ritual fields
The mirror of life and death
An epitome of theosophy
New religions emerge as distinct entities in the religious landscape when innovations are introduced by a charismatic leader or a schismatic group leaves its parent organization. New religious movements (NRMs) often present novel doctrines and advocate unfamiliar modes of behavior, and have therefore often been perceived as controversial. NRMs have, however, in recent years come to be treated in the same way as established religions, that is, as complex cultural phenomena involving myths, rituals and canonical texts. This Companion discusses key features of NRMs from a systematic, comparative perspective, summarizing results of forty years of research. The volume addresses NRMs that have caught media attention, including movements such as Scientology, New Age, the Neopagans, the Sai Baba movement and Jihadist movements active in a post-9/11 context. An essential resource for students of religious studies, the history of religion, sociology, anthropology and the psychology of religion.
The Theosophical Society : a new religious movement based on a conglomerate of traditions
Isis unveiled : a master-key to the mysteries of ancient and modern science and theology. Vol. 1, Science
The theosophical enlightenment
Anonymi monophysitae Theosophia : an attempt to reconstruction
The great approach  : new light and life for humanity
Art on the road to mystical unity
Pekka Ervast : a theosophist of the North
Contributors include: Joseph Azize, Chiara Baldini, Lauren Bernauer, Anthony Blake, Liselotte Frisk, Kennet Granholm, Christopher Hartney, Graham Harvey, Graham Hassall, Jay Johnston, Jenny McFarlane, Elisha McIntyre, Milad Milani, Nathaniel Samuel Murrell, Rod Pattenden, David Pecotic, Johanna Petsche, Adam Possamai, Alphia Possamai-Inesedy, Jason Prior, Eric Repphun, Stephen D. Ricks, David G. Robertson, Bettina E. Schmidt, Justin Snider, Graham St John, Michael F. Strmiska, Mona Suhrbier, Jaap Timmer, Garry W. Trompf, and Benjamin E. Zeller.
Theosophy : an introduction to the supersensible knowledge of the world and the destination of man
The passionate pilgrim : a life of Annie Besant
The origins of the Theosophical Society in Finland
Initiation
The wholeness principle : dynamics of unity within science, religion & society
Ringbom on Kandinsky : the contested roots of modern art / Marja Väätäinen
When daylight comes : a biography of Helena Petrovna Blavatsky
The builders
Isis unveiled : a master-key to the mysteries of ancient and modern science and theology. Vol. 2, Theology
History of Western astrology. vol. 2, Medieval and modern worlds
Heterodox healing and alternative religion in the 20th century : an English spiritual healing practice in Finland
The challenge of change : A biographical film of J. Krishnamurti
The key to the Kalevala
The esoteric milieu in Finland today
An epitome of theosophy : with an historical note
Theosophy
Hammer on the mountain : life of Henry Steel Olcott (1932-1907)
Theosophy : metaphors of the subject
Isis unveiled : A master-key to the mysteries of ancient and modern science and theology. 1, Science
Jung and the lost Gospels : insights into the Dead Sea scrolls and the Nag Hammadi library
The nature and destiny of man in the doctrine of Plotinus and H. P. Blavatsky
The Theosophical Society : the history of a spiritualist movement
Frodo's quest : living the myth in The lord of the rings
The masters revealed : Madame Blavatsky and the myth of the Great White Lodge
Esoteric Christianity : the "lesser mysteries"
The awakened ones : phenomenology of visionary experience
Man and his bodies
Handbook of the theosophical current
The secret doctrine of the Rosicrucians : illustrated with the secret Rosicrucian symbols
Unseen fire
Magic and witchcraft : from shamanism to the technopagans
Peace and education
Maitreya's mission. Volume two
Charles Webster Leadbeater : a biography
The key to theosophy, being a clear exposition, in the form of question and answer, of the ethics, science, and philosophy for the study of which the Theosophical Society has been founded
The devachanic plane, or, the heaven world : its characteristics and inhabitants
The sex problem : political aspects of gender discourse in the theosophical society 1875-1930
Practical theosophy
Conscience : the search for truth
Hints on the study of the Bhagavadgita
Memory in the dying
The Gospels as a mandala of wisdom
Man and the universe : a quest
Man's supersensory and spiritual powers
Theosophy : what's it all about? : a brief summary of a wonderfully exciting and vitally important subject
The Theosophical movement, 1875-1950
The reappearance of the Christ and the masters of wisdom
The white Buddhist : the Asian odyssey of Henry Steel Olcott
Theosophy explained in questions and answers
Defining theosophy in the twenty-first century
No religion higher than truth : a history of the theosophical movement in Russia, 1875-1922
The path of discipleship : four lectures delivered at the twentieth anniversary of the Theosophical society, at Adyar, Madras, December 27, 28, 29 and 30, 1895
The theosophical glossary
The three heroes of Finland : and other stories / by Hilda Wood
The artist as initiated master : themes of fin-de-siècle occulture in the art of Akseli Gallen-Kallela / Nina Kokkinen
