http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10063 hypnosis
hypnosis
A history of hypnotism
Sense and nonsense in psychology
This comprehensive volume is certain to become an invaluable textbook in the burgeoning field of clinical hypnosis. Dr. Yager has put together an impressive table of contents covering much of everything there is to know about how to translate theory into practice across the range of clinical settings. His clear and thoughtful perspective will inform those who are new to the field and expand the understanding of those who have more experience. The level of depth and detail is unparalleled, providing readers with a full education on the topic. Divided into five parts, the book begins with a discussion of what hypnosis is (and isn t) and introduces the concept, the language, the phenomena, the tools, and hypermnesia. In part two, the discussion turns to clinical considerations, addressing approaches to using hypnosis, the roles it can play in psychotherapy, and some potential dangers and risks that may arise with its use. Part three looks at specific procedures, delineating the principles of trance induction, highlighting the particulars of hypnosis and sleep, and focusing on Dr. Yager s pioneering discoveries regarding subliminal therapy. Part four is devoted to Applications of Hypnosis - from test taking to ocular correction providing a wide view of the power and possibility of hypnosis as one of the most efficacious treatment options available for an extraordinary range of challenges. The final section consists of a variety of additional relevant topics. The book closes with a useful glossary of terms and extensive reference list, plus a bibliography for further investigation into various unique applications. Read from cover to cover or in small doses, Foundations of Clinical Practice is a must-have resource whether you are just beginning to consider incorporating hypnosis into your clinical work or you are anxious to expand the parameters of your effectiveness and creativity in the field.
Mindful hypnobirthing : hypnosis and mindfulness techniques for a calm and confident birth
Multilevel consciousness in meditation, hypnosis, and directed daydreaming
Hypnotherapy for dummies
Hypnotherapy : a handbook
Rebel without a cause ... : the hypnoanalysis of a criminal psychopath
Healing in hypnosis
HYPNOTICALLY INDUCED MULTIPLE PERSONALITY
The woman in green
The Oxford handbook of hypnosis : theory, research and practice
Mesmerized : powers of mind in Victorian Britain
The corruption of reality : a unified theory of religion, hypnosis, and psychopathology
Psychoanalysis and hypnosis
Trance
Legal aspects of hypnosis
The mesmerist's manual of phenomena and practice : with directions for applying mesmerism to the cure of diseases and the methods of producing mesmeric phenomena : intended for domestic use and the instruction of beginners
The hypnotist
A clinical guide to the treatment of the human stress response
Hypnotherapy for a better life
Trancework : an introduction to the practice of clinical hypnosis
An empirical test of the "Imaginative Suggestibility" " : definition of hypnosis
Handbook of cognitive hypnotherapy for depression : an evidence-based approach
Foundations of clinical hypnosis : from theory to practice
The emotional tie : psychoanalysis, mimesis, and affect
Dare! : a book for those who dare to change their lives
Hypnobirthing : the Mongan method : a natural approach to a safe, easier, more comfortable birthing
Training trances : multi-level communication in therapy and training
Hypnosis & suggestion in psychotherapy : a treatise on the nature and uses of hypnotism
Hypnosis and its therapeutic applications
Stress relief & relaxation techniques
Strategies for resolving individual and family problems
Treating depression with hypnosis : integrating cognitive-behavioral and strategic approaches
The practice of hypnotism
Use of hypnotics in Sámi and non-Sámi populations in Northern Norway
Mosby's complementary and alternative medicine : a research-based approach
Hypnotic realities : the induction of clinical hypnosis and forms of indirect suggestion
The February man : evolving consciousness and identity in hypnotherapy
Hypnosis and hypnotherapy with children
Many lives, many masters : the true story of a prominent psychiatrist, his young patient and the past-life therapy that changed both of their lives
Taboo topics
Hypnotically induced multiple personality : an experimental study
Hypnotherapeutic techniques 2E
Hypnosis : fact and fiction
They call it hypnosis
English abstract.
The psychobiology of mind-body healing : new concepts of therapeutic hypnosis
Hypnosis and altered state of consciousness : empirical and theoretical considerations
Secrets of hypnotism
Ultimate confidence : the secrets to feeling good about yourself each day
Psychiatria Fennica 2010 / : Psychiatria Fennica 40 years (1970-2010)
I can make you happy
Molly Moon, Micky Minus and the mind machine
Dissociation and heterogeneity in high hypnotic suggestibility
Hidden depths : the story of hypnosis
Hypnobirthing is a method of birth preparation using a series of simple but effective techniques that can facilitate a calm and natural birth. Far from being a modern fad, it is logical, rational and there is a strong evidence base for its use. Many women approach labour with fear because of the negativity surrounding birth and the assumption that it must involve excruciating pain for the mother. Fear has a physiological effect, making contractions less effective and derailing normal labour. Hypnobirthing teaches the mother to relax and believe that her body is perfectly designed to give birth; when the mother is relaxed her body can release natural painkillers that are far more effective than pharmaceutical drugs. Women using hypnobirthing report needing little or no pain relief during labour and their babies are born calm and alert. Mothers need less medical intervention, and if they do they report feeling much more able to deal with it. Calm and confident parents are empowered to make informed decisions about their care, which can contribute enormously to a positive birth experience. In Why Hypnobirthing Matters Katrina Berry looks at the origins and rationale for using hypnosis for childbirth, explains what you can expect from hypnobirthing and dispels common misunderstandings in a lively, informative way.
Hypnosis, dissociation, and survivors of child abuse : understanding and treatment
Hypnosis : a brief history
Molly Moon's hypnotic time-travel adventure
This unique book comprehensively explores the damage that can be caused by the misapplication of hypnotic techniques in therapy, laboratory, and stage performance settings. The laws of assault and negligence are used to assess the hypnotist's criminal and personal injury liability in the English, American and Australian courts. Important reading for all hypnotherapists, hypnotists and members of the legal and medical professions, "Practising Safe Hypnosis" brings together a wide range of recent research and legal case histories. Topics include: - Civil and criminal assault - Induction - Informed consent - Hypnotic coercion - Pre-existing conditions - Termination. In addition, the reader will find commentary on the history of hypnosis; induction scripts for use in conjunction with best practice; theoretical comparisons and discussion on the nature of hypnosis including the controversial debate surrounding hypnosis as an altered state of consciousness.
Should hypnosis be used in criminal investigation?
Hypnotizing Maria : a story
Consciousness : the science of subjectivity
I am writing you down here on earth
Human suggestibility : advances in theory, research, and application
Molly Moon's incredible book of hypnotism
Hartland's medical and dental hypnosis
Molly Moon stops the world
Social work treatment : interlocking theoretical approaches
The cure for dreaming
A case study of the effects of posthypnotic suggestion on visual information processing : measuring behaviour and event-related potentials
"This book is an extensively revised edition of a highly successful and comprehensive introductory manual for the use of clinical hypnosis in the treatment of medical and psychological problems and disorders. Written with the interests and needs of the doctor or dentist in mind, its practical and clear approach maintains the tradition of high-quality information and usefulness established in previous editions of this book. After exploring the theoretical and historical background to hypnosis, and key techniques and approaches, the book looks at specific clinical situations and problems in which hypnosis may have an impact, and offers specific practical management guidelines including possible scripts." -- (Back Cover)
Woody Allen : Kaikki sanovat I love you ; Jadeskorpionin kirous ; Hollywood ending
Kind of cruel
The end of the world. Maybe
This new edition emphasizes the unique contribution of this longstanding text in the integration of mind/body relationships. The concept of stress, as defined and elaborated in Chapter 1, the primary efferent biological mechanisms of the human stress response, as described in Chapter 2, and the link from stress arousal to disease, as defined in Chapter 3, essentially remains the same. However, updates in microanatomy, biochemistry and tomography are added to these chapters. All other chapters will be updated as well, as there has been significant changes in the field over the past eight years --
Lady of hay
Why hypnobirthing matters
Theories of hypnosis : current models and perspectives
Alterations in the states and contents of consciousness : empirical and theoretical aspects
Before Freud : hysteria and hypnosis in later nineteenth-century psychiatric cases
Practising safe hypnosis : a risk management guide
The hypnotist's love story
