http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10041 museums of cultural history
museums of cultural history
About some problems of the preservation of monuments in situ = Über einige Probleme der Erhaltung von Baudenkmalen in situ
The anthropology of expeditions : travel, visualities, afterlives
Living pictures, missing persons : mannequins, museums, and modernity
"In the West at the turn of the twentieth century, public understanding of science and the world was shaped in part by expeditions to Asia, North America, and the Pacific. The Anthropology of Expeditions draws together contributions from anthropologists and historians of science to explore the role of these journeys in natural history and anthropology between approximately 1890 and 1930. By examining collected materials as well as museum and archive records, the contributors to this volume shed light on the complex social life and intimate work practices of the researchers involved in these expeditions. At the same time, the contributors also demonstrate the methodological challenges and rewards of studying these legacies and provide new insights for the history of collecting, history of anthropology, and histories of expeditions. Offering fascinating insights into the nature of expeditions and the human relationships that shaped them, The Anthropology of Expeditions sets a new standard for the field. "--
Science, magic, and religion : the ritual processes of museum magic
The best of The National Museum of Finland
Abbasi hotel : museum within a museum
Recombining ideas from art and cultural history museums in theory and practice : [väitöskirjat]
Sokrovištša akademitšeskih sobrani Sankt-Peterburga = The treasures of the Russian Academy of Sciences collections in St. Petersburg
Museum of London : activity guide : things to find, questions, activities, lots of interesting things to do at home
Sensible objects : colonialism, museums, and material culture
The Suomenlinna museum : guide
Museums in revolution : four historical museums in Moscow: Museum of the Revolution, Central Museum of V. I. Lenin, The Museum of K. Marx and F. Engels, Gorki Leninskiye = Muzei v revolûcii : četyre istoričeskih muzeâ v Moskve: Muzej revolûcii, Central'nyj muzej V. I. Lenina, Muzej K. Marksa i F. Èngel'sa, Gorki Leninskie
Skansen : traditional Swedish style
Russkij narodnyj kostûm : sokroviŝa Gosudarstvennogo ordena Lenina Istoričeskogo muzeâ = Russian folk costume : treasures of the Order of Lenin State history museum
The National Trust manual of housekeeping : the care of collections in historic houses open to the public
Palaty XVI-XVII vv. v Zarâd'e = XVI-XVII century chambers at Zaryadye
Ainola, the home of Sibelius : a guide / [text: Elina Anttila]
Waterford treasures : a guide to the historical and archaeological treasures of Waterford City
Museum of history of Moscow and its collections
Gallery of history - the struggle of the Mexican people for their freedom
Palaces of discovery : the changing world of Britain's museums
Aboa : Turun museokeskuksen vuosikirja = Åbo museicentrals årsbok = The yearbook of the Museums Centre of Turku. 71-72, 2007-2008
Selection's from Tareq Rajab Museum = Mathaf Tāriq
A guide book for the Henry Ford Museum
Zwykłe - niezwykłe : fascynujące kolekcje w zbiorach Państwowego Muzeum Etnograficznego w Warszawie = Ordinary - extraordinary : fascinating collections of The State Ethnographical Museum in Warsaw
Kulttuurin merkeissä = On the signs of culture
"My crenellated castle" : the history of Tarvaspää : Gallen-Kallela Museum 7.5.-11.9.1988
Images of time = Idʺoképek
Today for tomorrow : museum documentation of contemporary society in Sweden by acquisition of objects
Conclusion: History scenting the future.
Moesgård - A new museum of cultural history
The Pitt Rivers Museum : a souvenir guide to the collection
Tower HIll pageant : the city and its port
Památník národního písemnictví 1953-2013 = The Museum of Czech literature 1953-2013 = Das Museum der tschechischen Literatur 1953-2013
Fragments of reality : the Middle Ages in Nordic archaeological museums
Images of time = Idōképek
Representation and retrieval of uncertain temporal information in museum databases
The Museum of London
The Fisheries and Maritime Museum, Seawater Aquarium, Esbjerg : guide
A cultural oasis in Helsinki : The Didrichsen Museum of Art and Culture
Sibeliuksen Ainola = Sibelius and Ainola
A teacher's guide to using historic houses
Museums : a visual anthropology
Storybook Helsinki and Beyond
Shaanxi History Museum
Museum of history and art, Zagorsk
The museum of the mind : art and memory in world cultures
Ainola : the home of Sibelius : a guide
National Museum of Ethnology, Osaka : guidebook = Kokuritsu Minzokugaku Hakubutsukan tenji gaido
Guide to the exhibition of Sámi culture
From Pacific shores : eighteenth-century ethnographic collections at Cambridge : the voyages of Cook, Vancouver and the first fleet
Industrial heritage tourism
Finnish landscape
Archaeological heritage : methods of education and popularization
Some aspects of museum documentation
Creating diversities : folklore, religion and the politics of heritage
Under the eagle's wings : 70th-anniversary publication of the Gösta Serlachius fine arts foundation
An introduction to Chinese history exhibition
Destination culture : tourism, museums, and heritage
Ideas and images : developing interpretive history exhibits
J. C. Jacobsen and Frederiksborg
Runeberg's home at Porvoo
Ainola : the home of Jean and Aino Sibelius
Collectors : individuals and institutions
"My crenellated castle" : the history of Tarvaspää
Serving understanding and the glory of the land : history of the Moravian Museum
Dansk folkemuseum & Frilandsmuseet : history & activities. Axel Steensberg in honour of his 60th birthday, 1st June 1966.
