http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10010 concert houses
concert houses
Omintakeisen arkkitehtuurin logiikka = The logic of an unusual architecture
Anthem guide to the opera, concert halls and classical music venues of Europa
The acoustics of performance halls : spaces for music from Carnegie Hall to the Hollywood Bowl
Glimpses from the life of the Finlandia Hall
Celebrating its 20th anniversary, the House of Blues is an institution in music history. Since opening its doors in 1992 in a converted historical house in Cambridge, Massachusetts, it has been home to live music, original folk art, and delta-inspired cuisine. Today, House of Blues boasts thirteen unique venues across the country, with its headquarters in Los Angeles, California. Countless famous musicians have performed on those stages, from the Blues Brothers, Bootsy Collins, Al Green, and Eric Clapton, to Lenny Kravitz, 50 Cent, and Snoop Dogg. Concertgoers, music fans, and pop culture junkies alike will dig this illustrated account of the story behind the music. Chapters explore the venues, musicians, performances, and food, providing readers with a backstage pass to everything House of Blues. Personal interviews with company founders and famous musicians tell the story, revealing behind the scenes details and outrageous party anecdotes. Vivid photography showcases iconic performers on stage as well as in private moments in dressing rooms. Tucked among the pages are concert memorabilia, including special reproductions of tickets, posters, etc.
Kengo Kuma : Spirit of Nature Wood Architecture Award 2002
Architettura & musica : sette cantieri per la musica dall'Ircam di Parigi all'Auditorium di Roma = Architecture & music : seven sites for music from the Ircam in Paris to the Auditorium in Rome
Lahti celebrates with a symphony in wood
Theatres and concert halls: construction and design manual
Paris : a musical gazetteer
Theatres
Alvar Aalto, the Finlandia Hall and Helsinki
Live from the Cotton Club plus
Identification of the key drivers of a concert hall : Helsinki Hall of Culture
Acoustics and the performance of music
Ylös kuopasta : Helsingin musiikkitalo : Out of pit : Helsinki Music Centre
Grand Ole Opry
Turun konserttitalo = Åbo konserthus = The Turku Concert Hall
Classical music 101 : a complete guide to learning and loving classical music
Live sound reinforcement : a comprehensive guide to p.a. and music reinforcement systems and technology
Frank Gehry : the city and music
Site and sound : the architecture and acoustics of new opera houses and concert halls
Royal Festival Hall : London County Council, Leslie Martin and Peter Moro
Alvar Aalto and Helsinki
Building the new millennium : architecture at the start of the 21st century
Concert and opera halls : how they sound
Acoustics and the performance of music : manual for acousticians, audio engineers, musicians, architects and musical instruments makers
Music, acoustics & architecture
Puhutaan kaupungista : Helsingin kantakaupungin ajankohtaisia suunnitelmia = Talking about the city: current plans for the centre of Helsinki
Renzo Piano : Spirit of Nature Wood Architecture Award 2000
A distant yet close friend
House of Blues : a backstage pass to the artists, music & legends
FINLANDIA HALL : MEETINGS AND MUSIC
Big shed
Connects scientific understandings of acoustics with practical applications to musical performance. Of central importance are the tonal characteristics of musical instruments and the singing voice including detailed representations of directional characteristics. Furthermore, room acoustical concerns related to concert halls and opera houses are considered. Based on this, suggestions are made for musical performance. Included are seating arrangements within the orchestra and adaptation of performance techniques to the performance environment. This presentation dispenses with complicated mathematical connections and aims for conceptual explanations accessible to musicians, particularly for conductors. The graphical representations of the directional dependence of sound radiation by musical instruments and the singing voice are unique. This German edition has become a standard reference work for audio engineers and scientists.
Carnegie Hall, the first one hundred years
Sibelius Hall : new concert and congress venue in Lahti, South Finland
Finlandia Hall  Helsinki 1962-71 (first phase), 1971-75 (secondphase)
Buildings for the performing arts : a design and development guide
Transition from an industrial building into a music center : the spirit of it
The House of Culture
Finland : land of music and nature
Tampere Concert and Congress Hall 1990.
Concert Hall : Concert Hall Society and Concert Hall Record Club : discography
Finnish architecture with an edge
Concert halls and opera houses : music, acoustics, and architecture
Tampere-talo = Tammerforshuset = Tampere Hall
Live architecture : venues, stages, and arenas for popular music
Oopperatalo = The opera house = das Opernhaus
Buildings for the arts
Three decades of the Finlandia Hall
The chitlin' circuit : and the road to rock 'n' roll
Tuning timer's timbre : the new Sibelius Hall in Lahti
Theatres and concert halls
The concert hall
Vibration performance of glued stressed skin LVL element
Preservation Hall : music from the heart
Symphony : Frank Gehry's Walt Disney Concert Hall
