http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1005 monasticism
monasticism
Encyclopedia of monasticism
Catalogue of seals in the Public Record Office : monastic seals. Volume 1
Religious life in Normandy, 1050-1300 : space, gender and social pressure
The Paterik of the Kievan Caves Monastery
The monastery : a study of freedom, love and community
The death ritual at Cluny in the central Middle Ages
As a subculture, cloistered monastic nuns live hidden from public view by choice. Once a woman joins the cloister and makes final vows, she is almost never seen and her voice is not heard; her story is essentially nonexistent in the historical record and collective, public history. From interviews conducted over six years, Reese tells the stories of the Poor Clare Colettine Order, a cloistered contemplative order at the Corpus Christi Monastery in Rockford, Illinois.
A history of Japanese Buddhism
Focusing on the theme of property and community, this study offers a new account of the origins of fifteenth-century Observant reform in the monasteries and canonries of the southern Empire. Through close readings of unpublished texts, it traces how ideas about reformed community emerged, both beyond and within the religious orders, in the era of the Council of Constance. Focusing on reform among monks and canons in Bavaria and Austria to 1450, it then shows how those ideas were applied in practice, through reforming visitation and through a devotional culture steeped in the 'new piety' of the day. These considerations allow the Observant Movement to offer fresh perspectives on the history religious community, reform, and the church in the fifteenth century.
Early Christian lives : life of Antony by Athanasius, life of Paul of Thebes by Jerome, life of Hilarion by Jerome, life of Malchus by Jerome, life of Martin of Tours by Sulpicius Severus, life of Benedict by Gregory the Great
Tales and truth : pilgrimage on Mount Athos : past and present
Medieval sermons and society : cloister, city, university : proceedings of international symposia at Kalamazoo and New York
Medieval women monastics : wisdom's wellsprings
The Cistercians : monks and monasteries of Europe
Life in a medieval abbey
Monasteries were important cultural centres in the Middle Ages. Here, classical authors were copied and studied, new music and new sermons were composed, and new standards from abroad were introduced and spread throughout an ever larger Europe. Monks and nuns created European networks, connecting them to individuals with whom they shared particular interests in theology and learning, but they also had a keen eye for the importance of cultivating connections to local magnates and kings. In the long thirteenth century, new orders like the mendicants emerged, and monastic life as a whole flourished. Sustained experimentation, the adaptation of new intellectual inspirations and the adjustment of organisational structures were major characteristics. There was a balance between contemplating the transcendent and securing the material foundation that allowed the individual monk or nun to disappear into the Divine. Monastic communities were powerful centres for innovation that decisively influenced secular life and shaped European history. The thirteen studies in this volume are offered in honour of Professor Brian Patrick McGuire, a recognised authority on the Cistercians, and in acknowledgement of his significant contribution to European monastic culture.
A comparison between a king and a monk ; Against the opponents of the monastic life : two treatises
The perfection of solitude : hermits and monks in the Crusader States
Women's monasteries in Ukraine and Belorussia to the period of suppressions
Bede and his world : the Jarrow lectures
Convent life in colonial Mexico : a tale of two communities
Dissolution
Encyclopedia of monasticism. 1, A-L
"Isaac of Nineveh (7th century AD), or Isaac the Syrian, was, among all the Syriac writers, the one to exert the greatest influence outside the Syriac-speaking world, becoming a highly venerated Father of Byzantine Orthodox spirituality and theology. In Isaak von Nineve und seine Kephalaia Gnostika, Nestor Kavvadas first draws out the frictions between East Syrian episcopacy and the anchorite mystical movement as represented by Isaac, in search of the historical context of Isaac's teaching on the working of the Holy Spirit on the monk. Then, he draws out of Isaac's writings, and especially the Kephalaia Gnostika, the underlying structure of Isaac's thought on the working of the Holy Spirit, with the tension here between the here and now and the 'New World' that can be momentarily anticipated in the present world."--Provided by publisher.
Family matters in Indian Buddhist monasticisms
Monasteries and society in the British Isles in the later Middle Ages
Bulgarian monasteries : guardians of spirituality throughout the ages
O monachismos stēn Peloponnēso 4.-15. ai. = Monasticism in the Peloponnese 4th - 15th c.
Jerome and the monastic clergy : a commentary on Letter 52 to Nepotian, with introduction, text, and translation
Politics, monasticism, and miracles in sixth century Upper Egypt : a critical edition and translation of the Coptic texts on Abraham of Farshut
The boundaries of charity : Cistercian culture and ecclesiastical reform, 1098-1180
The Cartulary of St.-Marcel-lès-Chalon 779-1125
Virtuosity, charisma, and social order : a comparative sociological study of monasticism in Theravada Buddhism and medieval Catholicism
Mount Athos, the sacred bridge : the spirituality of the Holy Mountain
The convent and the community in late medieval England : female monasteries in the Diocese of Norwich, 1350-1540
From Ignatius Loyola to John of the Cross : spirituality and literature in sixteenth-century Spain
Modes of life of Theravāda monks : a case study of Buddhist monasticism in Sri Lanka
The emergence of monasticism : from the Desert Fathers to the early Middle Ages
Wayward monks and the religious revolution of the eleventh century
Western monasticism : a history of the monastic movement in the Latin church
Mount Athos in the 14th-16th centuries
Tibetan Buddhist nuns : history, cultural norms and social reality
Religious women in golden age Spain : the permeable cloister
The monastery of St. Catherine, Sinai
The Cistercians in Scandinavia
Buddhism : Rituals and monastic life
The "Gregorian" dialogues and the origins of Benedictine monasticism
Runaway religious in medieval England, c. 1240-1540
Fifteenth-century Carthusian reform : the world of Nicholas Kempf
Monastic tradition in eastern christianity and the outside world : a call for dialogue
Virgins of Venice : broken vows and cloistered lives in the Renaissance convent
Buddhist Monastic traditions of Southern Asia : a record of the inner law sent home from the south seas
The role of death in the Ladder of Divine Ascent and the greek ascetic tradition
Women in the military orders of the crusades
Power and religion in Merovingian Gaul : Columbanian monasticism and the Frankish Elites
Monasteries and convents of the Russian Orthodox Church Abroad : an historical review
Sisters in arms : Catholic nuns through two millennia
The making of the Monastic Community of Fulda c.744 - c.900
Sarapion of Thmuis : Against the Manicheans and Pastoral letters
Stealing obedience : narratives of agency and identity in later Anglo-Saxon England
Few medievalists of the last generation have contributed more to our understanding of late medieval religious life than Kaspar Elm. Over the last half century his reflections, now a monumental corpus of books, essays and other publications, have explored how the life of the cloister, canonry and convent intersected with the world of the laity, church and society beyond, and how that story reflected the broader sweep of European history. Until now relatively few Anglophone scholars and students have had direct access to Elm's work. The present translation of several of his most important essays offers itself as a modest remedy to that circumstance.
The regular canons in the medieval British Isles
This volume presents a complete reconstruction of the ritual response to terminal illness and death at the monastic community of Cluny at the height of its development in the later eleventh and early twelfth centuries. Based on the best manuscript of the customary of Bernard, the only account of the abbey's customs written at and for Cluny itself, the reconstruction contains not just Bernard's Latin description of the ritual process, but also the full texts of the prayers and chants that accompanied it, gathered, in the absence of suviving ritual books from Cluny itself, from contemporary sources with clear ties to the Cluniac customs. Facing-page English and French translations make the results available to readers with little or no facility in Latin. The author places the Cluniac death ritual in the context of religious responses to death, dying and the care of the dead in medieval Latin Christianity as a whole. He also explicates the origins, development and meaning of the Cluniac death ritual's myriad elements as they were spoken, sung and performed within the sacred spaces of the monastic complex - cloister, chapter house, infirmary, church and cemetery.
Libraries, manuscripts and book culture in Vadstena Abbey
Poverty's proprietors : ownership and mortal sin at the origins of the Observant Movement
Julie Kerr's vivid account provides insights into the thoughts and experiences of the medieval monk.This book will make an important contribution to our understanding of monastic life by exploring key aspects that have been either inadequately addressed or overlooked by historians. For example, what effect did the ascetic lifestyle have on the monks' physical health and mental well-being? How difficult was it for newcomers to adapt to the rigours of the cloister? Did the monks suffer from anxiety and boredom; what caused them concern and how did they seek comfort? What did it really mean to live the solitary life within a communal environment and how significant were issues of loneliness and isolation? Drawing on chronicles, letters, customaries and miracle stories, the experience of medieval monastic life will be presented through the monks' own words.
Monastic, scholastic and mystical theologies from the Later Middle Ages
Veiled women. 2, Female religious communities in England, 871-1006
Pyhän Vapahtajan sääntökunta = The Order of the Most Holy Saviour
A critical review of the psychological underpinnings of eastern Christian monasticism : from the safety of the past to the challenge of post-modernism
Prayer and Thought in Monastic Tradition presents a chronological picture of the development of monastic thought and prayer from the early English Church (Bede, Adomnan) through to the 17th Century and William Law's religious community at King's Cliffe. Essays interactwith different facets of monastic life, assessing the development and contribution of figures such as Boniface, the Venerable Bede, Anselm of Canterbury and Bernard of Clairvaux. The varying modes and outputs of the monastic life of prayer are considered, with focus on the use of different literary techniques in the creation of monastic documents, the interaction between monksand the laity, the creation of prayers and the purpose and structure of prayer in different contexts. The volume also discusses the nature of translation of classic monastic works, and the difficulties the translator faces. The highly distinguished contributors include; G.R. Evans, Sarah Foot, Henry Mayr-Harting, Brian McGuire, Henry Wansbrough and Rowan Williams.
The illustrated chronicles of Matthew Paris : observations of thirteenth-century life
Ordering women's lives : penitentials and nunnery rules in the early medieval West
Medieval monasticism : forms of religious life in Western Europe in the Middle Ages
A dictionary of religious orders
Monastic revival and regional identity in early Normandy
Manastiri Srbiǰe : velika ilustrovana enciklopediǰa = Monasteries of Serbia : large illustrated encyclopedia
Prosperity and plunder : European Catholic monasteries in the age of revolution, 1650-1815
Mount Athos and Byzantine monasticism : papers from the Twenty-eighth Spring Symposium of Byzantine Studies, Birmingham, March 1994
The life of Saint Anthony
Arabic Christianity in the monasteries of ninth-century Palestine
Worldly saints : social interaction of Dominican penitent women in Italy 1200-1500
The I. B. Tauris history of monasticism. The western tradition
It is our father who writes : orders from the Monastery of Apollo at Bawit
The Zen monastic experience : Buddhist practice in contemporary Korea
These pioneering Lives are central sources for the major Christian monastic figures from St Antony, who died in 356, to St Benedict (c. 480-547). They also shed light on the beliefs and values of their celebrated authors. Athanasius' Life of Antony reveals the man who many believe was the first to set out into the Egyptian desert to pursue the path of poverty, abstinence and solitary prayer. St Jerome fought for the cause of chastity and asceticism in writing about Paul of Thebes, Hilarion and Malchus, while in his Life of Martin Sulpicius Severus described the achievements of a man who combined the roles of monk, bishop and missionary. Almost two hundred years later, Pope Gregory the Great in his Dialogues focused above all on St Benedict, whose Rule became the template for every subsequent form of monasticism. Full of vivid incidents and astonishing miracles, all these works proved hugely popular and influential and also inspired much of the visual imagery of the Middle Ages. - Publisher.
Aspects of the fourth century A.D. : proceedings of the symposium Power and posession: state, society and church in the fourth century A.D
Enjoying close relations with the popes, Franciscans were ideal instruments for the propagation of the reforms of the Fourth Lateran Council of 1215; they were part of the landscape of medieval life, and their influence was felt throughout society, in both the lay and the secular spheres; Franciscans were prominent in the fields of theology, philosophy and science." "Intended for both the general and more specialist reader, this book explores the first two hundred and fifty years of the order's history and charts its rapid growth, development, pastoral ministry, educational organisation, missionary endeavour, and internal tensions and divisions.
The letters of Peter of Celle
The crannied wall : women, religion, and the arts in early modern Europe
Cassian the monk
Purity of blood
Through an examination of the role of nuns and the place of convents in both the spiritual and social landscape, this book analyzes the interaction of gender, religion and society in late medieval and early modern Spain. Author Elizabeth Lehfeldt here examines the tension between religious reform, which demanded that all nuns observe strict enclosure, and the traditional identity of Spanish nuns and their institutions, in which they were spiritually and temporally powerful women. Lehfeldt's work is based on the archival records of twenty-three convents in the city of Valladolid, and peninsula-wide documents that include visitation records, the constitutions of religious orders, and spiritual biographies. Religious Women in Golden Age Spain is the first book-length study in English to pose this chronological and conceptual framework for identifying and analyzing the role of nuns and convents in late-medieval and early-modern Spanish society. Review: "Well-written and persuasive... makes a significant contribution to the fields of Spanish history, social history of religion, and women's history. Lehfeldt's account of nuns' involvement in the very worldly activities of managing estates and utilizing the legal system to assert rights over finances and property... gives us a more balanced view of nuns in their varied roles in society." -Jodi Bilinkoff, Associate Professor of History, University of North Carolina at Greensboro"
The word in the desert : scripture and the quest for holiness in early Christian monasticism
Francis and Clare : the complete works
Late monasticism and the Reformation
Meditations of a Tibetan tantric abbot
Imagining religious leadership in the Middle Ages : Richard of Saint-Vanne and the politics of reform
Monastic prayer and spirituality in an Eastern Orthodox perspective
Gender and material culture : the archaeology of religious women
Religious life between Jerusalem, the desert, and the world : selected essays by Kaspar Elm ; translated by James D. Mixson
The monastic discourses
The letters of St. Antony : origenist theology, monastic tradition and the making of a Saint
Literacy and identity in early medieval Ireland
The Franciscans in the Middle Ages
Embracing Solitude focuses on the interior turn of monasticism and scans the Christian tradition for women who have made this turn in various epochs and circumstances. New Monasticism is a movement assuming diverse forms in response to the turn to classical spiritual sources for guidance about living spiritual commitment with integrity and authenticity today. Genuine spiritual seeking requires the cultivation of an inner disposition to return to the room of the heart. The lessons explored in this book from women spiritual entrepreneurs across the centuries will benefit contemporay New Monastics--both women and men. The accounts will inspire, challenge, and guide those who follow in the footsteps of the renowned spiritual innovators profiled here. "In this inspiring new work, Bernadette Flanagan seeks not merely to uncover forgotten stories of women's spirituality and prophetic voices, but to probe the reasons for tradition's lack of attention to transformative solitude, intentionally chosen. From the desert of fourth-century Africa to the woods of contemporary America, women's choice of solitude offers new landscapes of the sacred--in ordinary life, in new forms of community, and in exploring mystical processes of inner transformation. A rich gift indeed for all who seek the divine." --Mary Grey, University of Winchester "This speaks to the deepest longings of spiritual seekers today. It answers many of their questions, places them in a historical context, and, most of all, encourages them on their pilgrimage into the heart of God through a mysticism embodied in a shared spiritual solitude, which can be maintained in the midst of the ordinary and the everyday. Just as Christian seekers moved from the city to the desert in the third century, now the move is back to finding contemplative solitude in the midst of the commerce of the city." --From the Foreword by June Boyce-Tillman, University of Winchester "Bernadette Flanagan opens up rich pathways of exploration and discovery into different practices of solitude, monasticism, and contemplation. Drawing on a wide range of examples, with a special emphasis on women's spirituality, this book is a wise and welcome guide for those seeking solitude within and beyond the clamor of modern life." --Tina Beattie, Digby Stuart College, University of Roehampton.
Linguistic evidence for the priority of the French text of the Ancrene Wisse : based on the Corpus Christi College Cambridge 402 and the British Museum Cotton Vitellius F VII versions of the Ancrene Wisse
Survival and success on medieval borders : Cistercian houses in medieval Scotland and Pomerania from the twelfth to late fourteenth century
From dead of night to end of day : the medieval customs of Cluny = Du cœur de la nuit à la fin du jour : les coutumes clunisiennes au Moyen Âge
The Cistercians in Denmark : their attitudes, roles and functions in medieval society
Women under the bō tree : Buddhist nuns in Sri Lanka
Early monastic Buddhism
Warriors of God : the great religious orders and their founders
The monastic school of Gaza
Saint Benedict : father of Western civilization
Separate but equal : Cistercian lay brothers, 1120-1350
The monks of war : the military religious orders
An economic survey of early byzantine church
Threads and images : the use of Scripture in Apophthegmata Patrum
The forest monks of Sri Lanka : an anthropological and historical study
Utilizes the collection of magic texts from the late Middle Ages at St. Augustine's, Canterbury, to examine the orthodoxy of magical approaches to the medieval universe and to show how it was possible to combine magical studies with a monastic vocation.
Anselm of Havelberg : deeds into words in the twelfth century
Monasticism between culture and cultures : acts of the third international symposium, Rome, June 8-11, 2011 : study days promoted and organized by the Monastic Institute of the Faculty of Theology of the Pontifical Athenaeum S. Anselmo
Narratives of monastic life in Anglo-Saxon England depict individuals as responsible agents in the assumption and performance of religious identities. To modern eyes, however, many of the 'choices' they make would actually appear to be compulsory. Stealing Obedience explores how a Christian notion of agent action - where freedom incurs responsibility - was a component of identity in the last hundred years of Anglo-Saxon England, and investigates where agency (in the modern sense) might be sought in these narratives.
Byzantine monastic foundation documents : a complete translation of the surviving founders' typika and testaments
Managing monks : administrators and administrative roles in Indian Buddhist monasticism
Monastic culture : the long thirteenth century : essays in honour of Brian Patrick Mcguire
Technology and religion in medieval Sweden
The Desert Fathers
John Cassian : the institutes
Five mountains : the Rinzai Zen monastic institution in medieval Japan
Rules and observance : devising forms of communal life
The historical atlas of Eastern and Western Christian monasticism
This volume's focus is threefold, thus corresponding to its tri-partite topical division: to analyze Eastern monasticism's unique place in the life transforming journey to theosis; Eastern monasticism's hospitality and mutual encounters with culture; and Eastern and Western monasticism's hospitality to Christian and non-Christian religions, including Buddhism, Hinduism and Islam (even though Islam does not have any monastic institution, its adherents have been historically in dialogue with Christian monastics and have the potential to achieve a spiritual affinity with monks of other religious traditions). The three parts of the volume share one unifying argument: monasticism's special call to spiritually symbiotic relationship or impact on the very socio-politic-historic structures of reality. The topics are explored from historical, theological, and literary standpoints. The volume's overall intention is to help make monastic ecumenical engagement or its potential for inter-faith dialogue better known, appreciated, and relevant within inter-religious dialogue.
Pachomius : the making of a community in fourth-century Egypt
Impolitic bodies : poetry, saints, and society in fifteenth-century England : the work of Osbern Bokenham
The tenth and eleventh centuries are pivotal for the history of the West. The writings of Ademar of Chabannes, many of which are still unpublished, offer numerous insights into why these changes were occurring. Because his promotion of the cult of St. Martial of Limoges contains much that is exaggerated or even untrue, his writings have been viewed with suspicion. What this book seeks to do is make clear that such distrust is justified, but that there is much material in those manuscripts throwing light on the origins of the crusades, the rise of heresy, the great feudal warfare and the reality of apocalyptic fear.
The Red Monastery church : beauty and asceticism in upper Egypt
Studia Patristica. Vol. LV, Papers presented at the Sixteenth International Conference on Patristic Studies held in Oxford 2011. Volume 3, Early monasticism and classical paideia, edited by Samuel Ribenson
The last office : 1539 and the dissolution of a monastery
Shaping stability : the normation and formation of religious life in the Middle Ages
Enlightened monks : the German Benedictines 1740-1803
The Benedictines in the Middle Ages
Evlogeite! : a pilgrim's guide to Greece
Cave monasteries of Bysantine Cappadocia
Buddhist monastic life : according to the texts of the Theravāda tradition
The sense of becoming a monastic
John Cassian : the conferences
Eastern monachism : an account of the origin, laws, discipline, sacred writings, mysterious rites, religious ceremonies and present circumstances of the order of mendicants founded by Gautama Buddha
Magic in the cloister : pious motives, illicit interests, and occult approaches to the medieval universe
Although St. Anthony the Great, St. Athanasius of Alexandria, and the Desert Fathers have received considerable attention in early Christian studies, St. Sarapion of Thmuis has remained in relative obscurity. This book introduces the thought of this early Egyptian monastic bishop, highlighting the importance of both Sarapion's biblical hermeneutics and his utilization of Stoic philosophy. It includes an argument for Sarapion's authorship of the Letter to the Monks as well as translations of Sarapion's three extant writings: Letter to Bishop Eudoxios, Letter to the Monks, and Against the Manichaeans.
The most thorough examination to date of the landmark decree that mandated strict enclosure of all nuns. Pope Boniface VIII published a decree in 1298 that transformed long-standing attitudes toward nuns into universal Church law. Referred to as Periculoso, the decree announced that all nuns were to be perpetually cloistered. This volume provides an in-depth study of the watershed legislation. Elizabeth Makowski surveys precedents for Periculoso as well as some of the problems Boniface VIII hoped to solve with his ruling. She further analyzes the commentary on Periculoso and the attempts to enforce the legislation.
Nunneries, learning and spirituality in late medieval English society : the Dominican priority of Dartford
The Monastery of Valamo : a ray of Byzantine light in the North
Nil Sorsky : the authentic writings
A newly discovered Greek Father : Cassian the Sabaite eclipsed by John Cassian of Marseilles
Monastic bodies : discipline and salvation in Shenoute of Atripe
Jerusalem and the cross in the life and writings of Ademar of Chabannes
Konevitsa : seminaariraportti : raportti kansainvälisestä asiaintuntijaseminaarista 7.-11.7.1991 = Konevec : otčet seminara : otčet meždynarodnogo seminara 7.-12.7.1991 g. po rectavracii = Konevits : seminar report : report of an international seminar on the restauration problems of Konevits monestery island in July 7th-11th 1991
Orthodox monasticism past and present
Manjava Skete : Ukrainian monastic writings of the seventeenth century
Katherine O'Brien O'Keeffe looks at Benedictine monasticism through the writings of Ælfric, Anselm, Osbern of Canterbury, and Goscelin of Saint-Bertin, as well as liturgy, canon and civil law, chronicle, dialogue, and hagiography, to analyse the practice of obedience in the monastic context. Stealing Obedience brings a highly original approach to the study of Anglo-Saxon narratives of obedience in the adoption of religious identity.
Women and religion in medieval and Renaissance Italy
Dedicated to God : an oral history of cloistered nuns
The desert a city : an instruction to the study of Egyptian and Palestinian monasticism under the Christian empire
Mount Athos : microcosm of the Christian East
Prayer and thought in monastic tradition : essays in honour of Benedicta Ward, SLG
Piety, power, and history in medieval England and Normandy
(Com)passionate enlightenment : on the soteriological significance of Tibetan monasticism
Histories of the monks of upper Egypt ; and, The life of Onnophrius
Canon law and cloistered women : Periculoso and its commentators, 1298-1545
The world of medieval monasticism : its history and forms of life
Female monks have been discussed within the spheres of socio-history, theology, and literary analysis, but no comprehensive study has focused on their historical and gendered context until now. This book reexamines their hagiographies to reveal that female protagonists possess a holy womanhood regardless of having layers of masculinity applied to their characters. Each masculine layer is scrutinized to explore its purpose in the plots and the plausible motivations for the utilization of transvestite figures in religious literature. Hagiographers had no intention of transforming their religious protagonists into anything but determined, holy women who are forced to act drastically in order to sustain ascetic dreams begun while mothers, wives, daughters, and sisters. Through an intertextual method, masculinity and literary themes work to contextualize praise for a holy womanhood within an acceptable gendered language, which seems to support a belief in the spiritual potential of women. This book highlights the potential for complex irony to develop around a female transvestite, which supplies religious tales with intrigue and interest, an ability to instruct/chastise mixed audiences, and a potential to portray the reversal inherent in the human drama of salvation.
Buddhist monks and monasteries of India ; their history and their contributions to Indian culture
Removing masculine layers to reveal a holy womanhood : the female transvestite monks of late antique Eastern Christianity
Cluniac monasticism in the central Middle Ages
The successive sets of Studia Patristica contain papers delivered at the International Conferences on Patristic Studies, which meet for a week once every four years in Oxford. These papers range over the whole field, both East and West, from the second century to a section on the Nachleben of the Fathers. The majority are short papers dealing with some small and manageable point; they raise and sometimes resolve questions about the authenticity of documents, dates of events, and such like, and some unveil new texts. The longer papers put such matters into context and indicate wider trends. The whole reflects the state of Patristic scholarship and demonstrates the vigour and popularity of the subject.
Life in the medieval cloister
Embracing solitude : women and new monasticism
The Typicon of the Patriarch Alexis : the Studite: Novgorod - St. Sophia 1136
For the sake of the world : the spirit of Buddhist and Christian monasticism
Petrarch's humanist writing and Carthusian monasticism : the secret language of the self
Church, society and monasticism : acts of the international symposium, Rome, May 31 - June 3 2006 : study days promoted and organized by the Monastic Institute of the Faculty of Theology in the Pontifical Athenaeum S. Anselmo
This study analyses Cistercian strategies on the northern and north-eastern frontiers of medieval Europe. Through case studies of six houses in Pomerania and Neumark and on the Scottish-English border, the author traces the development of social networks around these monasteries within their own regions and across borders.
From the holy mountain : a journey among the Christians of the Middle East
Veiled women. 1, The disappearance of nuns from Anglo-Saxon England
The Maronites in history
Contemporary spirituality : current problems in religious life
English monasteries in the middle ages
Philosophy and theology in the studia of the religious orders and at papal and royalcourts : acts of the XVth International Colloquium of the Société internationale pour l'étude de la philosophie mediévale, University of Notre Dame, 8-10October 2008
Taming a brood of vipers : conflict and change in fourteenth-century Dominican convents
