http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10014 soil fertility
soil fertility
Effect of annually repeated undersowing on cereal grain yields
Rainfed agriculture in the Near East and North Africa : proceedings of the FAO Regional Seminar on Rainfed Agriculture in the Near East and North Africa held in Amman, Jordan, 5-10 May 1979
Effects of earthworms on soil processes in coniferous forest soil
Soil fertility and fertilizers : an introduction to nutrient management
The method of soil testing in use in Finland
Plant nutrition and soil fertility manual
Land degradation assessment in drylands - LADA Project : meeting report , 23-25 January 2002.
Economic analysis of maize-tepary bean production using a soil fertility replenishment product (PREP-PAC) in semi-arid Eastern Kenya
Characterization of soils in relation to their classification and management for crop production : examples from some areas of the humid tropics
Soil chemistry and its applications
Woody species diversity and topsoil conditions in a natural fallow ecosystem in the rainforest belt of Ondo State, Nigeria
Tropical crop-livestock systems in conservation agriculture : the Brasilian experience
Sustainable land use systems and human living conditions in the Amazon region : proceedings of a meeting of European scientists, held in Bonn, Germany, 1 and 2 November 1991
Soil conditions and plant growth
Soil care and management
Biological management of soil ecosystems for sustainable agriculture : report of the international technical workshop : Londrina, Brazil, 24 to 27 June 2002
Nutrient status and fertility of forest soil. 1, Pine stands
Advances in soil organic matter research : the impact on agriculture and the environment
Managing soil quality : challenges in modern agriculture
Summary.
Organic soil-fertility and weed management
Maize yield and soil property responses to Entada abyssinica (Steud. ex A. Rich.) cuttings in the Adamawa Lowlands, Cameroon
Agronomic handbook : management of crops, soils, and their fertility
Land policies, land management and land degradation in the Hindu Kush-Himalayas : China study report
Alleviating soil fertility constraints to increased crop production in West Africa
Improvement of soil fertility : Nanjing, China, April 1993.
Advances in ecological research : Vol. 24. 24
Integrated soil fertility management
Assessing carbon stocks and modelling win-win scenarios of carbon sequestration through land-use changes
Fertility of surface peat in relation to the site type and potential stand growth
Cereal yield and nutrient uptake as affected by tillage, nitrogen and sulphur fertilization and biological N2, fixation in semiarid Ethiopia = Kornavling og næringsopptak påvirket av jordarbeiding, nitrogen- og sovelgjødsling og biologisk N-fiksering i tørre områder i Etiopia
Effects of repeated phosphorus fertilisation on field crops in Finland. 1, Yield responses on clay and loam soils in relation to soil test P values
The environmental effects of conventional and organic/biological farming systems. Part 1, Soil structure and erosion ; Part 2 : Soil eclogy, fertility and nutrient cycles
Leaf macronutrient composition in relation to growth and yield potential of currants
Science and the garden : the scientific basis of horticultural practice
Soil : reflections on the basis of our existence
Optimisation of nutrient cycling and soil quality for sustainable grasslands : proceedings of a satellite workshop on the XXth International Grassland Congress, July 2005, Oxford, England
Sustainable land management in African semi-arid and subhumid regions : proceedings of the SCOPE workshop, 15-19 November 1993, Dakar, Senegal
Soils and soil fertility
Maintaining the long-term productivity of Pacific Northwest forest ecosystems
Effects of repeated phosphorus fertilisation on field crops in Finland : 1, Yield responses on clay and loam soils in relation to soil test P values
Soil Fertility Iniative for Sub-Saharan Africa : proceedings of the SFI/FAO Consultation, Rome, Italy, 19-20 November 1998.
Qualitative soil analysis : toolkit for farmer
Constituents and properties of soils
An ecological study of upland forest site classification in southern Finland
Handbook of soil science
The economics of soil productivity in sub-Saharan Africa
Phosphorus in Finnish soils in the 1900s with particular reference to the acid ammonium acetate soil test
The soul of soil : a guide to ecological soil management
Soils of Ethiopia : perceptions, appraisal and constraints in relation to food security
Sustainable soils : the place of organic matter in sustaining soils and their productivity
Effect of soil compactness on the growth and quality of carrot
Soil fertility management in support of food security in sub-Saharan Africa
Nutrient loading has a transitory effect on the nitrogen status and growth of outplanted Norway spruce seedlings
Grain legumes for soil productivity improvement in the Northern Guinea savanna of Nigeria
Biochar application to temperate soils : effects on nutrient uptake and crop yield under field conditions
Entada abyssinica (Steud. ex A. Rich) is abundant and well recognized in the Ngaoundere area of northeast Adamawa Province, Cameroon, where swidden systems are practiced. Maize yield and soil chemical properties were analyzed from a two-factor block trial. The purpose was to determine the effects of E. abyssinica leaves used as green manure. The two factors were the amount of plant leaves applied and the application technique. Other than the two factors, the trial used current local farming methods. Maize yield showed significant increase when 2.50 kg cuttings were mixed with the soil, attributable to faster leaf decomposition and nutrient availability in the maize root zone. There was no significant increase in total nitrogen, available phosphorus, calcium or sodium in the 0-20 cm layer of soil. Mixing resulted in significant increases in soil organic matter, potassium and other soil fertility indicators. Higher quantities of the plant biomass significantly increased soil organic matter, base saturation and soil pH. The reduced acidity made soil nutrients more readily available. The interaction between application method and cutting methods showed significant increases for sum of bases, cation exchange capacity and base saturation, while magnesium showed a significant decrease. Using this abundant plant, farmers in the Adamawa Lowlands area can significantly increase maize yields for home consumption or sale beginning with the first year of application.
Soils, land and food : managing the land during the twenty-first century
Tropical dryland agroforestry on clay soils : analysis of systems based on Acacia senegal in the Blue Nile region, Sudan
Agroforestry systems for sustainable livelihoods and improved land management in the East Usambara Mountains, Tanzania
Microbial indicators of fertility in arable land
Plant-soil interactions at low pH : proceedings of the 2nd International symposium on plant-soil interactions at low pH, 24-29 June 1990, Beckley, West Virginia, USA
Guide to laboratory establishment for plant nutrient analysis
Carbon and nitrogen dynamics in agroforestry systems : temporal patterns of some important soil processes
An ecological study of upland forest site classification in Southern Finland
Further development and improvement of spade diagnosis as field method for the evaluation of ecological significant structure parameters of soils under agricultural management
Visual soil evaluation : realizing potential crop production with minimum environmental impact
Land husbandry : components and strategy
Organic matter and phosphorus dynamics under selected cropping systems in the South American tropics
Soil organic matter and biological activity
Fertility of soils : a future for farming in the west African savannah
The soil and health : a study of organic agriculture
Desert development : proceedings of the second international desert development conference held on 25-31 January in Cairo, Egypt. Part 1, Desert agriculture, ecology and biology
Applications of reflective remote sensing for land degradation studies in a Mediterranean environment
Site classification in estimation of fertilization effects on drained mires
Soil fertility and fertilizer management in semiarid tropical India : proceedings of a colloquium, held at ICRISAT Center, Patancheru, India, October 10-11, 1988
Loss of nutrients and the natural nutrient balance of the soil in Finland
The control of soil fertility
Prevention of land degradation, enhancement of carbon sequestration and conservation of biodiversity through land use change and sustainable land management with a focus on Latin America and the Caribbean : proceedings of the IAD/FAO Expert Consultation IFAD, Rome, Italy, 15 April 1999.
Our soils and their management : (an introduction to soil and water conservation)
Effect of whole-tree harvesting on soil fertility
Plant nutrition for food security : a guide for integrated nutrient management
Organic soil-fertility and weed management is one in a series of eight guides on organic principles and practices originally published by the Northeast Organic Farming Association (NOFA) and revised and updated by Chelsea Green Publishing. This book offers practical information for small-scale market gardeners and farmers.
Metsämaan viljavuuden määrittämisestä = On the estimation of forest soil fertility
Diversity and phylogeny of root nodule bacteria isolated from tree, shrub and food legumes of Ethiopia
Designing and testing crop rotations for organic farming : proceedings from an international workshop
Precision of commercial soil testing practice for phosphorus fertilizer recommendations in Finland
Soils : an introduction to soils and plant growth
What will organic farming deliver? : COR 2006
Biology of earthworms
Earthworms, soil fertility and plant productivity
Laboratory guide for conducting soil tests and plant analysis
The benefits of biochar (BC) application to fertile, non-acidic soils in temperate climate regions might not always be as evident as for highly weathered tropical soils. The aim of our study was to investigate the effects of BC on soil characteristics, nutrient uptake and crop yield in field experiments on two temperate soils (Cambisol and Chernozem) in Austria. Maize and wheat (Cambisol), and barley and sunflower (Chernozem) were grown in successive vegetation periods following different BC application rates (0, 24 and 72 t ha-1 at the start of the experiment), supplemented with identical mineral N supply in 33 m² plots. BC treatments showed varying impacts on nutrient uptake of the investigated crops. The first growing season in the Chernozem region was affected by a prolonged drought period, which resulted in positive effects of BC on soil water-holding capacity (WHC) and barley crop yield (+ 10%) for the 72 t ha-1 BC + N treatment compared to a control with identical nutrient supply but without BC. However, maize and wheat grain yield decreased by 46 and 70%, respectively, after the highest BC application rate (72 t ha-1) in an additional treatment without supplementary N-fertilisation. Still, even with high BC application rates we did not observe any adverse effects on crop yield and nutrient uptake, as long as the soil was supplied with sufficient N according to local agricultural practice.
Forage legumes for soil productivity enhancement and quality fodder production
Impacts of land redistribution on land management and productivity in the Ethiopian highlands
Soil microorganisms and higher plants
The nature and properties of soils
Soil fertility and organic matter as critical components of production systems : proceedings of a symposium sponsored by Division S-4, S-2, S-3, and S-8 of the Soil Science Society of America in Chicago, IL, 3 Dec. 1985.
