http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10038 hot-air heating
hot-air heating air heating
Energy efficient, smart and healthy buildings : REHVA Workshops at CLIMA 2013 Prague, Czech Republic, 17-19 June 2013
Industrial ventilation design guidebook
Proceedings of the 9th Nordic Symposium on Building Physics : NSB 2011, Tampere, 29 May - 2 June 2011. Volume 2
Heating, ventilating, and air conditioning : analysis and design
Proceedings of the 9th Nordic Symposium on Building Physics : NSB 2011, Tampere, 29 May - 2 June 2011. Volume 1
ASHRAE terminology of heating, ventilation, air conditioning, & refrigeration
Simulation of energy consumption in typical Finnish detached house : preliminary report
Faber and Kell's heating and air-conditioning of buildings
Handbook of energy engineering
The international dictionary of heating, ventilating and air conditioning
Ex AX lux : a selected history of building service technology
Total hydronic balancing : a handbook for design and troubleshooting of hydronic HVAC systems
Principles of heating ventilating and air conditioning : a textbook with design data based on the 2013 ASHRAE handbook fundamentals
Energy audits : a workbook for energy management in buildings
A handbook on low-energy buildings and district-energy systems : fundamentals, techniques and examples
Small-scale pellet boiler emissions - characterization and comparison to other combustion units
Energy efficient heating and ventilation of large halls
Modelling methods for energy in buildings
Heating, cooling, lighting : sustainable design methods for architects
Building Services Engineering
Greenhouse climate control : an integrated approach
Direct digital control of building systems : theory and practice
Low temperature heating and high temperature cooling : embedded water based surface heating and cooling systems
Clima 2007 WellBeing Indoors : Rehva World Congress, 10-14 June 2007 Helsinki, Finland : proceedings. Vol. 6
This thesis examines and presents planning of HVAC systems for a new townhouse. It  is a description of what I made and why I made it this way. First I planned a radon removal which is set mandatory by law in Finland. Then I planned sewer systems. As well as radon removal, some parts of sewer systems are under the ground so they needed to be planned first. The construction was already in the progress when I finished my last drawings.  After these I planned the ventilation, water supply and heating. My target was to make all systems reasonable in the price in relation to the use costs without forgetting the resale value. Other important factors when planning the systems were energy efficiency, user-friendly result and to reach the smartest way to build them.  The building is a town house. Two of its sides are connected to houses next to it.  However all the building services are unique. This has an effect on some things in the planning compared to a traditional family house. Townhouse is a new and uncommon way of building in Finland.  My brother is building the house of the project and my father has been an entrepreneur in the construction industry for more than 25 years. Before this project he has always ordered all the HVAC plans from an external author. My brother is a recently graduated carpenter. I'm doing the HVAC plans first time outside my summer job place or school.  This project is an interesting new formulation of our family company. This project is made abroad without visiting the construction side or meeting any stakeholders face to face. Key words: heating, ventilation, water supply, radon removal, sewer systems.
Green remodeling : your start toward an eco-friendly home
Plans for ventitalion and comparison of new heating systems for an old house
Natural Home Heating : the Complete Guide to renewable Energy Options
The object of this thesis was to examine the design principles of ship air conditioning systems in accommodation spaces regarding the standardized dimensioning, and to create a design tool that suits for this purpose with Microsoft Excel 2010. In order to give the reader a general overview of the subject, the beginning of this thesis concentrates on introducing general air conditioning systems onboard and various components related to them. After this, the basis of calculation for ship air conditioning regarding heat loads and air quantities is presented. The dimensioning of air conditioning systems is based on the international standard ISO 7547:2002, which is generally used in ship building projects. The created design tool functions according to the standard`s specifications and formulas. As the outcome of this thesis, a complete design tool is introduced. It enables a faster and more consistent way of performing heat load and air quantity calculations, and reporting to clients. The thesis was made as an assignment of Foreship Ltd.
Marketing plan for Datasteel's new product, Futuran
Introduction to building physics
Renewable energy for residential heating and cooling : policy handbook
Small-scale pellet boiler emissions : characterization and comparison to other combustion units
ASHRAE pocket guide for air conditioning, heating, ventilation, refrigeration
Fundamentals of HVAC control systems
ASHRAE handbook. 2004, Heating, ventilating, and air-conditioning systems and equipment
Achieving the desired indoor climate : energy efficiency aspects of system design
HVAC planning of a townhouse : HVAC plans made abroad for another member of the family business
Integration of building cooling with existing district heating systems
Modern diesel technology : heating, ventilation, air conditioning and refrigeration
Home Automation : Smart home technology and template house design
Implementation and evaluation of air flow and heat transfer routines for building simulation tools
Building services engineering
Proceedings
Advances in business marketing and purchasing. Vol. 6, Handbook of business-to-business marketing management
The management of maintenance and engineering systems in the hospitality industry
"A textbook with design data based on the 2013 ASHRAE handbook of fundamentals"--
Environment control for animals and plants
Proceedings of the 9th Nordic Symposium on Building Physics : NSB 2011, Tampere, 29 May - 2 June 2011. Volume 3
Moisture, thermal and ventilation performance of Tapanila ecological house
Sustainable home refurbishment : the Earthscan guide to retrofitting homes for efficiency
My diploma project's main aim was to design and compare three different kinds of heating systems and design a mechanical ventilation system. After comparing these options it is possible to renovate the house according to my plans and choose the best option.  I made my comparing depending on the last year's electricity bill and the fact that 4 m³ of piled wood was bought in the beginning of the year 2013 and burned during the year.  I compared investment costs and their efficiencies for a longer period.  Two of my options were working with a geothermal pump but the distribution was different and the third one was an air source heat pump. To all of these options an air supply unit with HRV was included. I found out that in this object the option with air source heat pump would be the best because of the low investment cost and the efficiency is still quite close to the other options.  When the time will come for a renovation I have now a plan for the ventilation and I can decide the heating system relying on my diploma project.  Key words: Heating, ventilation, energy efficiency.
The purpose of this graduation thesis was to study the operational principles of a ship air conditioning system, as well as the rules and related requirements. In addition, the system design related dimensioning calculations and principles were considered. This graduation thesis was commissioned by Foreship Ltd and will become a standard design guideline for the HVAC department. Furthermore, it will also be applied to other air conditioning related projects as well as being educational material for new employees. The air conditioning design of a new building cruise ship is divided into several phases. At the very beginning of the project, the air conditioning supplier prepares the DI & I drawings for the classification approvals. The second step is the basic design phase when the single line diagrams are prepared by the air conditioning supplier. The third and final design a phase is detail design when all earlier phase information is collected into the very detailed installation drawings and prefabrication drawings This graduation thesis focuses on the DI & I and basic design. The air conditioning system of a cruise ship operates in very challenging climates due to the high temperature and high humidity in the outdoor areas.The graduation thesis presents the air treatment process starting from air intakes through the air handling unit into the served space. The graduation thesis is also a starting point for a standardization project of Foreship Ltd HVAC department. The future target is to produce similar guidelines for the accommodation piping related systems as well.
ASHRAE handbook : 1996 heating, ventilating, and air conditioning systems and equipment
The in vitro toxicological effects of particulate emissions from small- and medium-scale heating systems
HVAC trouble shooting guide
Nordtest method. NT VVS
Geothermal heat pumps : a guide for planning and installing
Integrating building design properties "air tightness" and ventilation heat recovery for minimum heating energy consumption in cold climates
A design guideline for a cruise ship air conditioning system
Total hydronic balancing : a handbook for design and trouble-shooting of hydronic HVAC systems
Conservation of cultural property, Indoor climate. 1, Guidelines for heating churches, chapels and other places of worship
Automotive heating and air conditioning
Energy efficiency at Mapromec
Building services handbook
Ship air conditioning : basis of design and calculation
The impact of air tightness of the building envelope on the efficiency of ventilation systems with heat recovery
The Rehva European HVAC Journal
Solar home design manual for cool climates
International symposium on simple ventilation and heating methods for greenhouses in mild winter houses, Djerba-Tozeur-Tunisia, February 28-March 6, 1988
Building and HVAC system performance in practice: REHVA Workshops at CLIMA 2016 Aalborg, Denmark, 22-25 May 2016
Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning (HVAC)control systems are omnipresent in modern buildings. This book is an introduction to all those involved in the specification, design, manufacture, installation, operation or maintainance of these systems. The book explains: Control theory and how to evaluate, select, position and sequence the appropriate type of control. The electrical knowledge needed to understand controls and the use of electrical circuit drawings. The various types of valves and dampers, and their selection, installation and operation. Terminology and attributes of sensors, the selection of moisture sensors, pressure, flow, and auxiliary devices. Self-powered and system-powered controls. Electric controls, control diagrams and control logic. The components of pneumatic systems and control applications diagrams. Wiring conventions, application-specific electronic controllers and how to use them in HVAC applications.The use of written specifications, schedules, and drawings to clearly identify what is to be installed, how it is to be installed, and how it is expected to operate. Direct Digital Controls (DDC) components, their inputs and outputs, and the programming of DDC routines. DDC Networks and Protocols .DDC Specification, Installation and Commissioning After completing this course, you will understand: Control theory and how to evaluate, select, position and sequence the appropriate type of control. The electrical knowledge needed to understand controls and the use of electrical circuit drawings. The various types of valves and dampers, and their selection, installation and operation. Terminology and attributes of sensors, the selection of moisture sensors, pressure, flow, and auxiliary devices. Self-powered and system-powered controls. Electric controls, control diagrams and control logic. The components of pneumatic systems and control applications diagrams.Wiring conventions, application-specific electronic controllers and how to use them in HVAC applications. The use of written specifications, schedules, and drawings to clearly identify what is to be installed, how it is to be installed, and how it is expected to operate. Direct Digital Controls (DDC) components, their inputs and outputs, and the programming of DDC routines. DDC Networks and Protocols. DDC Specification, Installation and Commissioning.
