http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10002 Greek language literature
Greek language literature
Sextus Empiricus' Against the Physicists examines numerous topics central to ancient Greek inquiries into the nature of the physical world, covering subjects such as god, cause and effect, whole and part, bodies, place, motion, time, number, coming into being and perishing and is the most extensive surviving treatment of these topics by an ancient Greek sceptic. Sextus scrutinizes the theories of non-sceptical thinkers and generates suspension of judgement through the assembly of equally powerful opposing arguments. Richard Bett's edition provides crucial background information about the text and elucidation of difficult passages. His accurate and readable translation is supported by substantial interpretative aids, including a glossary and a list of parallel passages relating Against the Physicists to other works by Sextus. This is an indispensable edition for advanced students and scholars studying this important work by an influential philosopher.
A historical commentary on Thucydides. 3, The Ten years' war : books IV-V 24
Aeschylus's Suppliant women : the tragedy of immigration
In his celebrated masterpiece, Symposium, Plato imagines a high-society dinner-party in Athens in 416 BC at which the guests - including the comic poet Aristophanes and, of course, Plato's mentor Socrates - each deliver a short speech in praise of love. The sequence of dazzling speeches culminates in Socrates' famous account of the views of Diotima, a prophetess who taught him that love is our means of trying to attain goodness. And then into the party bursts the drunken Alcibiades, the most popular and notorious Athenian of the time, who insists on praising Socrates himself rather than love, and gives us a brilliant sketch of this enigmatic character. The power, humour, and pathos of Plato's creation engages the reader on every page.
The historian Polybius (ca. 200–118 BCE) was born into a leading family of Megalopolis in the Peloponnese and served the Achaean League in arms and diplomacy for many years. From 168 to 151 he was held hostage in Rome, where he became a friend of Scipio Aemilianus, whose campaigns, including the destruction of Carthage, he later attended. As a trusted mediator between Greece and the Romans, he helped in the discussions that preceded the final war with Carthage, and after 146 was entrusted by the Romans with the details of administration in Greece. Polybius's overall theme is how and why the Romans spread their power as they did. The main part of his history covers the years 264–146 BCE, describing the rise of Rome, the destruction of Carthage, and the eventual domination of the Greek world. The Histories is a vital achievement despite the incomplete state in which all but the first five of its original forty books survive. For this edition, W.R. Paton's excellent translation, first published in 1922, has been thoroughly revised, the Büttner-Wobst Greek text corrected, and explanatory notes and a new introduction added, all reflecting the latest scholarship. The final volume adds a new edition of fragments unattributed to particular books of The Histories.
Aristotle in twenty-three volumes. 5, The Physics : in two volumes, 2
The Chronicle attributed to Zachariah of Mytilene is one of the most important sources for the history of the church from the Council of Chalcedon in 451 to the early years of the reign of Justinian (527-65). It contains a wealth of important historical information concerning the history of Christianity in the fifth and sixth centuries, particularly the theological controversies over the divinity and humanity of Christ. These are supported with detailed - sometimes colourful - anecdotes and a number of important letters. This is the first translation into a modern language in over a hundred years of a vital source for the history of church and empire in Late Antiquity. It will be an important resource for understanding the development behind modern dynamics of Christianity in Turkey, Iraq, and the Near East generally.
Greek poems on stones. 1, Epitaphs from the seventh to the fifth centuries B.C
This volume, originally published in 1978, offers some 800-850 lines of the 'Anabasis' in Greek with English summaries of the intervening passages to give an idea of the whole of Xenophon's exciting adventure. Notes at the foot of each page assist with content and language; they assume only basic grammatical knowledge. The edition includes a consolidated vocabulary.
Procopius: in seven volumes. 6, The anecdota or Secret history
The letters : in four volumes. 2
Republic. Vol. 2, books 6-10
Plato's Meno and Phaedo are two of the most important works of ancient western philosophy and continue to be studied around the world. The Meno is a seminal work of epistemology. The Phaedo is a key source for Platonic metaphysics and for Plato's conception of the human soul. Together they illustrate the birth of Platonic philosophy from Plato's reflections on Socrates' life and doctrines. This edition offers new and accessible translations of both works, together with a thorough introduction that explains the arguments of the two dialogues and their place in Plato's thought.
The Odyssey of Homer : in two volumes
The Partheneion
Greek satyr play : five studies
The literate revolution in Greece and its cultural consequences
By offering, for the first time in a single edition, complete English translations of Apollodorus' Library and Hyginus' Fabulae - the two most important surviving "handbooks" of classical mythography - this volume enables readers to compare the two's versions of the most important Greek and Roman myths. A General Introduction sets the Library and Fabulae into the wider context of ancient mythography; introductions to each text discuss in greater detail issues of authorship, aim, and influence. A general index, an index of people and geographic locations, and an index of authors and works cited by the mythographers are also included.
On the soul ; Parva naturalia ; On breath
Hellenistic lives
With so many translations of Sophocles' Theban plays available, another might seem superfluos. However, a translation by professor Trypanis is an event to be welcomed by both students of the Classics and lovers of literature and the stage. This book will be a valuable addition to Sophoclean scholarship and most welcome as an acting edition of the plays.
The chronicle of pseudo-Zachariah rhetor : church and war in late antiquity
The literature of ancient Greece
Relative chronology in early Greek epic poetry
The secret history
The Oresteian trilogy : Agamemnon - The Choephori - The Eumenides
Greek poetry for everyman
Ananios of Kleitor introduces to the revolving stage of world literature the work of an ancient Greek poet largely unknown and hitherto unread outside of a small circle of cognoscenti. The poet's extant poems and fragments, as well as the record of their reception and preservation, are presented in this one-of-a-kind book of the sort that would have appealed to Menippus of Gadara and his followers, a medley of verse and prose and a diversity of genres, ranging from the epistolary novel to scholarly annotations and an Index Nominum. Ananios and his scholars and commentators perform their work at the edge of the real world and the margins of a thoroughly historicized and critically acute context.
Greek philosophy : a collection of texts. Vol 2, Aristotle, the early peripatetic school and the early academy
The republic
Socrates' daimonic art : Love for wisdom in four Platonic dialogues
One of the canonical Athenian orators, Lysias was much admired in antiquity. This new critical edition seeks to make the whole surviving corpus of Lysias available to the modern reader. It combines a newly edited text of the speeches preserved in the medieval manuscript tradition (based on the most up-to-date evaluation of the transmission) with a comprehensive collection of the fragments preserved indirectly through citation in ancient sources and in papyrus discoveries in the twentieth century. A general introduction in English provides an overview of the transmission of the text in antiquity and the Renaissance. An appendix contains a number of speeches almost certainly not written by Lysias but occasionally attributed to him in modern times.
Greek philosophy : a collection of texts. Vol. 1, Thales to Plato
Lysiae Orationes cum fragmentis
A handbook of Greek literature : from Homer to the age of Lucian
Lucian of Samosata is one of the most brilliant and wide-ranging writers from antiquity, and yet few commentaries are available for those who wish to read Lucian in Greek. This edition presents a selection of rhetorical and satirical works in the original Greek illustrating his range, wit and literary sophistication. Texts include both more and less well-known texts such as The Dream, The Fly, Timon, A Literary Prometheus, Sigma versus Tau and Dialogues of the Sea-Gods. The Introduction discusses his place in the Second Sophistic and his relationship to Cynic philosophy, and each section of commentary is preceded by a literary appraisal. The commentary is aimed primarily at advanced undergraduates and graduate students.
Greek philosophy : a collection of texts. Vol. 3, The Hellenistic-Roman period
The homilies of Photius, Patriarch of Constantinople
A historical commentary on Thucydides. 4, Books V 25-VII
Greek declamation
A historical commentary on Thucydides. 2, The Ten years' war : books II-III
The eating of the gods : an interpretation of Greek tragedy
Meno and other dialogues : Charmides ; Laches ; Lysis ; Meno
Alexander the Great : the Anabasis and the Indica
Euripides : in four volumes. 3, Bacchanals, Madness of Hercules, Children of Hercules, Phoenician maidens, Suppliants
Byzantine Readings of Ancient Historians includes translations of texts written by Byzantines on specific ancient historians. Each translated text is accompanied by an introduction and notes to highlight the specific context and purpose of its composition. In order to present a rounded picture of the reception of Greek historiography in Byzantium, a wide range of genres have been considered, such as poems and epigrams, essays, personalized scholia, and commentaries. Byzantine Readings of Ancient Historians is therefore an important resource for scholars and students of ancient history.
Greek oratory : tradition and originality
The lives of the sophists
Leucippe and Clitophon
The Persian expedition
Theodore Metochites's Poems "to himself" : introduction, text and translation
Against the physicists
The odes of Pindar : including The principal fragments
On sophistical refutations ; On coming-to-be and passing away
Aristotle in twenty-three volumes. 12, Parts of animals / with an English transl. by A. L. Peck ; Movement of animals ; Progression of animals / with an English transl. by E. S. Forster
The works of Pindar. 2, Critical commentary to the works of Pindar
The Nicomachean ethics of Aristotle
Historia animalium in three volumes. 1, Books I-III
Selections from the Attic orators
The Iliad of Homer : books XIII-XXIV
Medea is a wife and a mother. For the sake of her husband, Jason, she's left her home and borne two sons in exile. But when he abandons his family for a new life, Medea faces banishment and separation from her children. Cornered, she begs for one day's grace. It's time enough. She exacts an appalling revenge and destroys everything she holds dear.
The Acharnians of Aristophanes
A selection
The Alcestis of Euripides
The republic of Plato
Plutarch's Moralia : in fifteen volumes. 7, 523 C - 612 B
Aristotle : in twenty-three volumes. [16], Problems : 2. Books XXII-XXXVIII
Christopher Gill provides a new translation and commentary on the first half of Marcus Aurelius' Meditations, and a full introduction to the Meditations as a whole. The Meditations constitute a unique and remarkable work, a reflective diary or notebook by a Roman emperor, that is based on Stoic philosophy but presented in a highly distinctive way. Gill focuses on the philosophical content of the work, especially the question of how far it is consistent with Stoic theory as we know this from other sources. He argues that the Meditations are largely consistent with Stoic theory - more than has been often supposed. The work draws closely on core themes in Stoic ethics and also reflects Stoic thinking on the links between ethics and psychology or the study of nature. To make sense of the Meditations, it is crucial to take into account its overall aim, which seems to be to help Marcus himself take forward his own ethical development by creating occasions for reflection on key Stoic themes that can help to guide his life. This new edition will help students and scholars of ancient philosophy make sense of a work whose intellectual content and status have often been found puzzling. Along with volumes in the Clarendon Later Ancient Philosophers series on Epictetus and Seneca, it will help to chart the history of Stoic philosophy in the first and second century AD. The translation is designed to be accessible to modern readers and all Greek and Latin are translated in the introduction and commentary.
Hunting with dogs is first documented on 4th millennium BC seal impressions from Iraq and from Egypt slightly later. The earliest surviving instruction manual is that of Xenophon, which outlines the practice of hunting with dogs and seeks to justify its use in education and training for war. Arrian's treatise some 500 years later is a commentary on Xenophon and marks a revolution in the practice of hunting. The Greek texts are given along with an English translation and commentary.
The Persae of Aeschylus
Plutarch's Moralia : in sixteen volumes. 14, 1086 C - 1147 A
The golden lyre : the themes of the Greek lyric poets
Aristotle in twenty-three volumes. 9-10, Historia animalium : books I-III, IV-VI
Meditations : books 1-6
On the Anomalous Dyskrasia = De inaequali intemperie
Plato of Athens, who laid the foundations of the Western philosophical tradition and in range and depth ranks among its greatest practitioners, was born to a prosperous and politically active family ca. 427 BCE. In early life an admirer of Socrates, Plato later founded the first institution of higher learning in the West, the Academy, among whose many notable alumni was Aristotle. Traditionally ascribed to Plato are thirty-six dialogues developing Socrates's dialectic method and composed with great stylistic virtuosity, together with thirteen letters. Republic, a masterpiece of philosophical and political thought, concerns righteousness both in individuals and in communities, and proposes an ideal state organized and governed on philosophical principles.
Minor Attic orators : in two volumes. 1, Antiphon, Andocides
The poems of Hesiod
Guarino Guarini of Verona (1374-1460) dedicated much of his philological work to the study of Plutarch, translating all in all thirteen of his Parallel Lives. His Latin version of the Life of Dion (1414) was dedicated to Francesco Barbaro, the Venetian noble who was one of Guarino's favourite pupils and himself a translator of Plutarch. We possess the presentation copy of Guarino's translation, the autograph MS Bywater 38 of the Bodleian Library, which also contains a series of interesting annotations by Guarino. The Life of Dion relates how the Sicilian statesman, brother- and son-in-law of Dionysius I of Syracuse, tried to realize the ideal of the philosopher-king under the guidance of Plato; Guarino's annotations are to a large extent concerned with the philosophical and political aspects of the life, undoubtedly reflecting the interests of the dedicatee of the translation, Barbaro. They were copied in several later manuscripts and offer fascinating insights into the way fifteenth-century readers addressed the Plutarchan life. Guarino's Dion is transmitted in manuscripts containing larger or smaller selections of the humanist translations of Plutarch's Lives. It is extant in 40 manuscripts, the latest, now probably lost, dating from a. 1511. From 1470 and onwards the translation was included in the numerous printed edition of the entire corpus of the Latin lives, but no modern edition of the translation exists prior to the present one.
So Arrian sums up the career of Alexander the Great of Macedon (356-323 BC), who in twelve years that changed the world led his army in conquest of a vast empire extending from the Danube to the rivers of the Punjab, from Egypt to Uzbekistan, and died in Babylon at the age of 32 with further ambitions unfulfilled. Arrian (c. 86-161 AD), a Greek man of letters who had experience of military command and of the highest political office in both Rome and Athens, set out to write the definitive account of Alexander's life and campaigns, published as the Anabasis and its later companion piece the Indica . His work is now our prime and most detailed extant source for the history of Alexander, and it is a dramatic story, fast-moving like its main subject, and told with great narrative skill. Arrian admired Alexander and was fascinated by him, but was also alive to his faults: he presents a compelling account of an exceptional leader, brilliant, ruthless, passionate, and complex.
Life stories of men who shaped history : from Plutarch's Lives
The pregnant male as myth and metaphor in classical Greek literature
Demosthenes. 5, Private orations : XLI-XLIX
Metaphysics : with an analytical index of technical terms
Commentary on Plato's Timaeus. Vol. 5, Book 4 ; Proclus on time and the stars
Byzantine readings of ancient historians : texts in translation with introductions and notes
The rise of the Greek epic
Classical texts from papyri in the British Museum : including the newly discovered poems of Herodas
Apollodorus' Library and Hyginus' Fabulae : two handbooks of Greek mythology
Callimachus' Aetia, written in Alexandria in the third century BC, was an important and influential poem which inspired many later Greek and Latin poets. Papyrus finds show that it was widely read until late antiquity and perhaps well into the Byzantine period. Eventually the work was lost, but thanks to many quotations by ancient authors and substantial papyrus finds a considerable part of it has now been recovered. The aim of the present volumes is to make the Aetia newly accessible to readers. Volume 1 (9780198144915) comprises an introduction dealing with matters such as the work's composition, contents, date, literary aspects, and its function in the cultural and historical context of third-century BC Alexandria, and a text of all the fragments of the Aetia with a translation and critical apparatus; while Volume 2 (9780198144922) presents a detailed commentary, including introductions to the separate aetiological stories.
This remarkable and almost unique work was written in the 4th century BC by the poet Archestratus, from Gela, a Greek colony in Sicily. The complete text has vanished but these fragments come from a much later book by Athenaeus. Archestratus' description of the foods, particularly fish, available, how they should be cooked and where found in the best condition is testimony of the strength of the Mediterranean tradition. His cooking can best be called the nouvelle cuisine of the ancient world, and contrasts piquantly with the strongly flavoured dishes of Apicius. The Greek verse has been translated into prose and set in context in the introduction. Archestratus has been the subject of a major new edition by Olsen & Sens. However, its price is prohibitive and it is less accessible to people interested in the history of food rather than Greek prosody.
Theophrasti Characteres
The Cynic epistles : a study edition
Dio's Roman history : in nine volumes. 2, Books XII-XXXV
Aelian's work on tactics is a hugely significant piece of ancient military literature, yet the last new edition in English was published in 1814. Although writing (in his native Greek) in the second century AD, Aelian drew heavily on earlier works, such as Asclepiodotus, to put together a comprehensive manual of warfare in the Hellenistic period (late 3rd to early 1st centuries BC). His Tactica thus examines all facets of warfare in the period of Alexander the Greats successors, including the arms and armour of cavalry and infantry, formations, commands and signals. As well as being an invaluable source for modern historians studying the Hellenistic period, the book was very influential on military theory long after Aelian's death. Arrian's work on tactics may merely be a revision of Aelian's; the Byzantine Emperor Leo VI used excerpts in his own treatise and an Arabic translation made around 1350 was used to train Muslim armies. Most significantly, it became one of the primary training aids for the pike-and-musket armies of the 16 and 17th-century Europe. A substantial edition published in London in 1616 contained a full direct translation as well as comprehensive notes and a treatise on how to apply Aelian's work to the training of English pike formations in the Macedonian manner. It was well used to train the foot regiments that fought the English Civil War. This unique longevity makes it of interest to anyone interested in warfare from the Hellenistic period right up to the English Civil War.
The letters : in four volumes. 4, Address to young men on reading Greek literature
Proclus' commentary on Plato's dialogue Timaeus is arguably the most important commentary on a text of Plato, offering unparalleled insights into eight centuries of Platonic interpretation. It has had an enormous influence on subsequent Plato scholarship. This edition offers the first new English translation of the work for nearly two centuries, building on significant recent advances in scholarship on Neoplatonic commentators. It provides an invaluable record of early interpretations of Plato's dialogue, while also presenting Proclus' own views on the meaning and significance of Platonic philosophy. The present volume, the fifth in the edition, presents Proclus' commentary on the Timaeus, dealing with Proclus' account of static and flowing time; we see Proclus situating Plato's account of the motions of the stars and planets in relation to the astronomical theories of his day. The volume includes a substantial introduction, as well as notes that will shed new light on the text.
Costume in Greek classic drama
Dio Chrysostom in five volumes. 4, [Discourses XXXVII-LX]
Aristotle in twenty-three volumes. 14, Minor works ; On colours ; On things heard ; Physiognomics ; On plants ; On marvellous things heard ; Mechanical problems ; On indivisible lines ; Situations and nmes of winds ; On Melissus, Zenophanes, and Gorgias
Legatio pro Christianis
The Three Theban plays : King Oedipus ; Oedipus at Colonus ; Antigone
Herodian in two volumes. 1, Book I-IV
The Homeric catalogue of ships
A trusted member of the Byzantine establishment, Procopius was the Empire's official chronicler, and his History of the Wars of Justinian proclaimed the strength and wisdom of the Emperor's reign. Yet all the while the dutiful scribe was working on a very different - and dangerous - history to be published only once its author was safely in his grave. The Secret History portrays the 'great lawgiver' Justinian as a rampant king of corruption and tyranny, the Empress Theodora as a sorceress and whore, and the brilliant general Belisarius as the pliable dupe of his scheming wife Antonina. Magnificently hyperbolic and highly opinionated, The Secret History is a work of explosive energy, depicting holy Byzantium as a hell of murder and misrule.
The frogs
Republic. Vol. 1, books 1-5
Sophocles : poet and dramatist
This book offers a provocative interpretation of a relatively neglected tragedy, Aeschylus's Suppliant Women. Although the play's subject is a venerable myth, it frames the flight of the daughters of Danaus from Egypt to Greece in starkly contemporary terms, emphasizing the encounter between newcomers and natives. Some scholars read Suppliant Women as modeling successful social integration, but Geoffrey W. Bakewell argues that the play demonstrates, above all, the difficulties and dangers noncitizens brought to the polis. Bakewell's approach is rigorously historical, situating Suppliant Women in the context of the unprecedented immigration that Athens experienced in the sixth and fifth centuries BCE. The flow of foreigners to Attika increased under the Pisistratids but became a flood following liberation, Cleisthenes, and the Persian Wars. As Athenians of the classical era became increasingly aware of their own collective identity, they sought to define themselves and exclude others. They created a formal legal status to designate the free noncitizens living among them, calling them metics and calling their status metoikia. When Aeschylus dramatized the mythical flight of the Danaids from Egypt in his play Suppliant Women, he did so in light of his own time and place. Throughout the play, directly and indirectly, he casts the newcomers as metics and their stay in Greece as metoikia. Bakewell maps the manifold anxieties that metics created in classical Athens, showing that although citizens benefited from the many immigrants in their midst, they also feared the effects of immigration in political, sexual, and economic realms. Bakewell finds metoikia was a deeply flawed solution to the problem of large-scale immigration. Aeschylus's Argives accepted the Danaids as metics only under duress and as a temporary response to a crisis. Like the historical Athenians, they opted for metoikia because they lacked better alternatives.
The plays and fragments. Pt. 6, The Electra
The capture of Thessaloniki
Repertorium Homericae poiesis hexametricum : a repertory of the hexameter patterns in the Iliad and the Odyssey. Pars 1, Repertorium versuum ordine dispositum
Some recently found Greek poems : text and commentary
Homeric studies
Zeno of Elea : a text, with translation and notes
The Odyssey 1 & 2
On the months = De mensibus
Callimachus Aetia. Volume 1, Introduction, Text, and Translation
The letters : in four volumes. 3
The deipnosophists. 2
Agamemnon of Aeschylus
Achilles Tatius' Leucippe and Clitophon is the most bizarre and risque of the five 'Greek novels' of idealized love between boy and girl that survive from the period of the Roman empire. Stretching the capacity of the genre to its limits, Achilles' narrative covers adultery, violence, evisceration, pederasty, virginity-testing, and (of course) an improbable happy ending. Ingenious and sophisticated in conception, Leucippe and Clitophon is in execution at once subtle, stylish, moving, brash, tasteless and obsence. This new translation aims to capture Achilles' writing in all its exuberant variety.
Introduction to modern Greek literature : an anthology of fiction, drama, and poetry
The Odyssey : a modern sequel
This edition is produced with particular concern for the student coming to Homer for the first time. The text is given with facing translation and commentary, but the usual apparatus criticus at the bottom of each page is replaced by brief notes on Homeric language. This makes the text considerably more accessible for those without Homeric Greek. These notes are cross-referenced to an introduction on Homeric language for those meeting it for the first time. Textual matters are discussed in the commentary itself, though this is, as is usual in the series, mainly concerned with the meaning of the epic.
Republic, Plato's best known and most frequently read dialogue, although receiving a flood of translations and philosophical analysis over the last 100 years, has in recent times been quite short of detailed commentaries. In particular, a full edition of the introductory sections of the dialogue, representing, probably, a single papyrus roll in the original text, has not been attempted for more than fifty years. In that period scholarship has moved on, and this edition aims to take into account recent developments in the study of Plato's literary style as well as of his ideas. The arguments have always been of great interest to philosophers, especially the sophist Thrasymachus' clash with Socrates in defending injustice as the most profitable life-choice (which of them wins the argument?). But there is a great deal more to this introduction than abstract ideas; Plato chooses to begin his great work by staging a dramatic debate, arising out of a social meeting between Socrates and friends in the Athenian port of the Piraeus during a religious festival. The case against justice as a state of affairs leading to eudaimonia ('happiness') is put with great force and humour, not to mention bad temper, and in the cut-and-thrust of argument and the clash of personalities, Plato brings vividly to life the cultural and social world of his times and the crucial issues at stake for his contemporaries. He also puts as effectively as possible the adversarial case which Socrates has to answer in the rest of Republic. This edition is aimed principally at readers without Greek; however, following the main purpose of the Series, a spectrum of needs is catered for, ranging from those studying through the original text to those working with the translation.
Meno and Phaedo
The Protagoras is one of Plato's most entertaining dialogues. It represents Socrates at a gathering of the most celebrated and highest-earning intellectuals of the day, among them the sophist Protagoras. In flamboyant displays of both rhetoric and dialectic, Socrates and Protagoras try to out-argue one another. Their arguments range widely, from political theory to literary criticism, from education to the nature of cowardice; but in view throughout this literary and philosophical masterpiece are the questions of what part knowledge plays in a successful life, and how we may acquire the knowledge that makes for success. This edition contains the first commentary in English on the Greek text for almost a hundred years. The commentary provides the assistance with linguistic, literary and philosophical detail that will enable students and scholars to savour to the full the pleasures of the Protagoras.
The Athenian constitution
Homeri Ilias : Volumes I, II and III
In these four dialogues Plato considers virtue and its definition. Charmides, Laches, and Lysis investigate the specific virtues of self-control, courage, and friendship; the later Meno discusses the concept of virtue as a whole, and whether it is something that can be taught. In the conversations between Socrates and his interlocutors, moral concepts are debated and shown to be more complex than at first appears, until all the participants in the conversations are reduced to bafflement. The artistry as well as the philosophy of these dialogues has always been widely admired. The introduction to this edition explains the course of the four dialogues and examines the importance of Socrates' questions and arguments, and the notes cover major and minor points in more detail. This is an essential volume for understanding the brilliance of the first Western philosopher.
The elegies of Theognis : and other elegies included in the Theognidean sylloge
Heraclitus : Greek text with a short commentary
This selection of ten Lives traces the history of Hellenistic Greece from the rise of Macedon and Alexander's conquest of the Persian empire to the arrival of the Romans. Plutarch's biographies of eminent politicians, rulers, and soldiers combine vivid portraits of their subjects with a wealth of historical information; they constitute a uniquely important source for the period. We see how Greek politics changed as Macedon's power grew, and we learn of the warlords who followed Alexander. Resistance to Macedon is reflected in the Lives of Demosthenes and Aratus, and that of Agis and Cleomenes, two revolutionary kings of Sparta. The volume concludes with the emergence of Rome in Greek affairs, and the life of Flamininus, the Roman general who defeated Philip V of Macedon.
Callimachus Aetia. Volume 2, Commentary
The Histories. Vol. 4, Books 9 - 15
The plays and fragments. Pt. 5, The Trachiniae
By means of compositional devices and a magisterial use of Greek language that the author adapts to the contents, Galen achieves an accurate and didactic exposition, which presents the vivacity of oral speech. Dealing with a humoral unbalance that is on the basis of many local and general affections, this small treatise also presents key notions of Anatomy and Physiology. On those grounds it became a bestseller in the Middle Ages and the Renaissance with translations into Syrian, Arabic, Latin (8 versions) and Hebrew and 14 commentaries from 1290 to 1567. This first critical edition presents a continuous text (no chapters) and points to the internal structure created by the author in order to make his text readily accessible - and unforgettable. A thorough Introduction, explaining the textual transmission and the fundamental topics, is coupled by an ample Commentary that deals with alteration and pain, qualities and humours, inflammation and fevers, no less than with scribal errors and grammatical explanations.
Alexander of Aphrodisias on fate
Gift of the Muses, remedy against oblivion, fixing and making solid what is fluid and raising it as upon a column for future generations: writing is an invaluable instrument, and in the written word, in the production and use of written texts, lies the truest sense of the millennial experience of Byzantium. Greek-medieval civilization is characterized by the presence of many, extremely different literary and documentary genres in prose, ranging from the recording and interpretation of historical events to the lives of the saints, from the expression of feelings to the transmission of intellectual values, from the revelation of the occult to the elaboration of rules for court ceremonial, for life in the monastery, for the acts of a basileus or a general, from documents and scientific texts to the finest products of literary excellence. In this book you can explore them and obtain an overall view of their wide variety, their relationship with tradition and innovation; works always useful to the reader, widening his knowledge, increasing his rhetorical, scientific or technical skills, and even his moral progress.
A complete concordance to the Iliad of Homer
The Histories. Vol. 3, Books 5-8
The fragments of Sophocles
Philo : in ten volumes. 3
Ten centuries of Byzantine prose : a selection of Greek texts
The historian Polybius (ca. 200–118 BCE) was born into a leading family of Megalopolis in the Peloponnese and served the Achaean League in arms and diplomacy for many years, favoring alliance with Rome. From 168 to 151 he was held hostage in Rome, where he became a friend of Lucius Aemilius Paulus and his two sons, especially Scipio Aemilianus, whose campaigns, including the destruction of Carthage, he later attended. Late in his life, as a trusted mediator between Greece and the Romans, he helped in the discussions that preceded the final war with Carthage, and after 146 was entrusted by the Romans with the details of administration in Greece. Polybius' overall theme is how and why the Romans spread their power as they did. The main part of his history covers the years 264–146 BCE, describing the rise of Rome, her destruction of Carthage, and her eventual domination of the Greek world. It is a vital achievement of the first importance despite the incomplete state in which all but the first five of its original forty books have reached us.
Meditations
Helen who has always been faithful to her husband Menelaus; who never went to Troy, but was carried off to Egypt, where she remains throughout the Trojan War, waiting faithfully for her husband Menelaus to rescue her. Meanwhile, Helen of Troy - a mere phantom fashioned by the gods - has blighted the real Helen's life with undeserved hatred. Helen plays with this premise in ways that make it by turns amusing and disturbing, playful and full of serious quandaries. The real Helen did not commit the deeds for which she is famous, and yet she cannot escape a reputation based on what the world believes her to be, rather than on what she is. And yet, with the disappearance of the phantom Helen, Menelaus does reclaim his wife at last and the real Helen plots a brilliant deception that will bring them both home again in triumph. Helen is an extraordinary performance that has disturbed critics because it refuses to conform to their expectations. Whether understood as a tragedy or something more like aphilisophical divertissement or romantic comedy, Helen has increasingly been recognized as an intellectually challenging and emotionally satisfying dramatic masterpiece.
The lyrical dramas of Aeschylus
Ioannes Lydos in this book of the 6th century does not only explain the origin of the calendar and the months, but also exposes the ancient Roman festivals and the celebrations to the immortals gods. Beides, he writes about history, geography, astronomy, biology, changing subject continuously, like if there were too little time to tell all what was to be told. One of the most interesting aspects of the book is the ancient wisdom in terms of metaphysics. Ioannes shows us the way toward the world of Pythagorean numerology, explaining the deep meaning of each number in a Neoplatonic perspective. There is also a very important theological interpretation on several gods, in the frame of a hyletic-psychic-noetic perspective of our world.
An introduction to the Pythagorean writtings of the Hellenistic period
Diodorus of Sicily : in twelve volumes. 5, Books XII 41-XIII
The poems of Bacchylides : from a papyrus in the British Museum
Contrasting arguments : an edition of the Dissoi Logoi
Posidonius. 1, The fragments
Historia animalium : in three volumes ; with an English translation by A. L. Peck. 2, Books IV-VI
Plato's myths
Arrian : in two volumes. 2, Anabasis Alexandri : (Books V-VII) ; Indica (Book VIII)
The deipnosophists. 5
Archilochos
Fragments from the life of luxory
A historical commentary on Thucydides. 1, Introduction and commentary on book I
Plutarch's Moralia : in sixteen volumes. 10, 771 E - 854 D
The deipnosophists. 1
The Histories. Vol. 6, Books 28 - 39
The Roman antiquities of Dionysius of Halicarnassus. 1, [Books I and II]
The stories of the Greeks
Plutarch's Moralia : in sixteen volumes. 12, 920 A - 999 B
The Idylls of Theocritus
The Histories. Vol. 1, Books 1 - 2
Poems & fragments and their reception from antiquity to the present
Plutarch's Moralia : in sixteen volumes. 9, 697 C - 771 E
Symposium
Plutarch's Moralia : in sixteen volumes. 8, 612 B - 697 C
The works of the Emperor Julian : in three volumes. 2
Aristotle : in twenty-three volumes. 18, Metaphysics : books X-XIV
Herodotus : in four volumes. 4, Books VIII-IX
The discourses as reported by Arrian, the manual, and fragments. 2, Discourses, books III and IV
Oxford readings in Greek tragedy
The tactics of Aelian : or On the military arrangements of the Greeks : a new translation of the manual that influenced warfare for fifteen centuries
Patouchas
Dio's Roman history : in nine volumes. 9, Books LXXI-LXXX
Xenophon's Anabasis : books I-IV
