http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10000 service level
service level
Creation of new service concept during the early stages of project development
Information technology incidents in the present information society : viewpoints of service providers, users, and the mass media
The core indicators for sustainable development in Helsinki
Biennial report on social services of general interest
Skills in the age of over-qualification : comparing service sector work in Europe
The objective of this study is to demonstrate that there is a connection between increased customer satisfaction and usage intensity with service improvement in the B2B environment. Laattapiste Oy was used as a case company to demonstrate this connection.      The theoretical framework was based on theories proposed by authors Parasuraman A, Zeithaml V. and Berry L. – A conceptual Model of Service Quality as well as Grönroos C. author of Service Management and Marketing- A Relationship Management Approach. The theory presented concept of service quality, customer relationship and servicescape.     The study was carried in form of face-to-face semi-structured interviews. The data was gathered in January 2011 by conducting five face-to-face interviews with the help of a pre-formulated questionnaire. Each interview lasted for approximately one hour. The analytical approach was qualitative, as it was the best approach suited for examining the topic. The sample was a group of professional architect and designer customers of Laattapiste Oy.     The findings revealed that the customers were mainly satisfied with the service at Laattapiste Oy, however getting contact with the salespeople was found somewhat difficult as well as keeping promises on deliveries – specifically samples. The study focused more on functional quality rather than on technical quality. The findings also revealed that the servicescape, the Bathroom Studio Showroom was considered good, but the premises were considered slightly boring, more products and technical information was wanted for display. Respondents were also interested in short lectures on products. The findings also revealed that customers found the social, financial and geographical bonds important. Problems with the deliveries and responsiveness were identified.     In conclusion, the research questions posed in the beginning were answered. The study showed that in order to increase customer satisfaction the company needs to constantly keep in touch with its customers, not only focus on acquiring new customers but fostering good relationships with current key customers. The service quality must be assessed and improved. The servicescape was also considered as a tool for customer retention and its improvement meaning better service for customers.
Capacity and level of service at Finnish unsignalized intersections
Quality customer service : satisfy customers - it's everybody's job
Measuring Service Quality Perceptions of Customers of 4S Shops in Tianjin
Legendary service : the key is to care
Analysis of customer service for a rail construction service provider
Social welfare & social development in South Africa
The welfare state in America, 1930-1980
Mobility and earnings : an analysis of Finnish manufacturing and services
Designing unified service encounters : case of Outotec maintenance services
Services marketing : text and cases
The Nordic countries have been able to raise living standards and curb inequalities without compromising economic growth. But with social inequalities on the rise how do they fare when compared to countries with alternative welfare models, such as the United Kingdom, the Netherlands and Germany? Taking a comparative perspective, this book casts new light on the changing inequalities in Europe. It will be invaluable for students and policy makers interested in European social policy and living conditions.
Personalising library services in higher education : the boutique approach
Critical factors of service quality in the paper industry [julkinen versio] : case: Stora Enso Fine Paper
Service quality represents the key issue on successful hotels and many other organisations in the service sector. Customers are demanding more and more quality service wherever they go forcing management to take service quality into consideration. Delivering good service has direct impact on repeat visits, positive word-of-mouth and revenue for service companies (e.g. hotels). As globalisation became part of daily business live, hotels need to excel in delighting their customers to stay ahead of the competition.   There have been a number of researches that proof service quality is indeed a critical area in the services industry. Well-known service quality authors like Gilmore, Carson, Parasuraman, Zeithaml, Valarie, Berry and Grönroos, among others, have all acknowledged the importance of service quality in a company. Therefore, understanding that the component of service quality varies will help to recognise the importance of tangible and intangible elements as part of customers experience which will then contribute when evaluating the quality of service. The aim of this study is to understand how a five-star hotel staff delivery of service quality.   The author spent four months with The Ritz-Carlton Club team and applied observations as a tool for collecting data. She developed a conceptual framework which was used to guide the collection as well the analysis of the primary data. The results show how tangibles and intangibles dimensions including image plays an important role when comes to delivering quality service in a five-star hotel department.
The state of Helsinki region 2009 : European comparisons
Essays on urban wages, location and retail trade
Social tourism in Europe : theory and practice
Public discussion of population aging usually focuses on the financial burden that increasingly elderly populations will impose on younger generations. Scholars give much less attention to who does the actual work of day-to-day care for those no longer able to care for themselves; and although women are the majority among the elderly, little is heard about gender differences in economic resources or the need for care. This volume is dedicated to giving gender - and a full range of social and cultural differences - their rightful place in these discussions. The authors address, amongst other issues: the worldwide dilemmas of eldercare; the structure of income and care provisions for older populations; the role of family, marital status, and class in these provisions; the impact of polices affecting retirement age; and, the role of social insurance in preventing poverty among elderly women. The essays included address these topics in a myriad of geographical contexts, including South Africa, the US, Palestine, Australia, South Korea, Spain, Germany, and Sweden. The concerns highlighted here also remind us that whether through individual families or social insurance, through family caregivers or paid help, the oldest generation will continue to depend on adults of working age for its well-being. This book was previously published as a special issue of "Feminist Economics".
Evaluation of the quality services provided by Travel Park
The idea of welfare
Conservation agriculture and sustainable crop intensification : a Zimbabwe case study
Children and families at risk : new issues in integrating services
Cost and service structure comparison of social welfare and health care services for the elderly in the five biggest cities in Finland, 1999. Part 1, Key findings
Service quality is an issue that needs to be addressed by all organizations involved in the service industry at some level. One can not be lulled into the belief that only the concrete technical quality of ones goods is enough to for the customer. It is more than apparent that business incubators such as Travel Park are service organizations, and studies on the service quality perceptions of their customer, the members, thus being of extreme importance. However, as the business incubators in the Uusimaa region benefit from funding from the part of the government, the European Union, as well as municipal governments, the incubators' duty is not only to serve the needs of the incubator members, but those of the taxpayers as well. Therefore, one must evaluate service quality in the incubators from the perspective of both of these groups.   The aim of the thesis was to help the incubator see the effect of its services on former Travel Park members in order to evaluate its level of service quality during the past years. This will help the incubator to better plan its activities for the future. Hypothesis will be laid out for the research in order to answer to the research problem: What has been the quality of services provided by Travel Park according to its former members?  The research was quantitative and it was split into two parts: the study on the business performance of the former Travel Park members and the telephone survey for the same target group. The sample size for the first part of the research was 20 and for the second one 33. Sampling method used was convenience sampling. The data collection period for the survey lasted from October to November of 2005, whereas data on the business performance of the companies was collected from September 2005 to April 2006.     The research findings led to the confirmation of one hypothesis, to the partly confirmation of another, and to the rejection of two other hypotheses. With the overall information provided by the research one could conclude that in terms of the post-incubator business performance of the companies studied, the service quality in Travel Park has not been satisfactory. However, when it comes to the opinions of the entrepreneurs, the level of service quality has been relatively good during the years, though a great deal of variability has been detected between different finishing years. Recommendations for the management as well as suggestions for further research from the basis of the body and content of the thesis are presented in the end.
"Across the developed world, most of us who work now earn our living in the service sector. However, the issue of what kind of service economy is sustainable and desirable, both in economic and social terms, is rarely debated. This book argues that this needs to change. National governments have emphasized the role of skills in achieving international competitiveness, higher living standards, and social inclusion. However, even prior to the 2008 financial crisis, problems of over-qualification, skills wastage, and poor job quality were becoming difficult to ignore. This raises important questions about what kind of service sector jobs will be on offer to meet the aspirations of an increasingly qualified workforce and what role can governments play in raising the skills required in jobs and the quality of jobs and services? Work organization and job design are key factors shaping the skill content of work and the opportunities workers have to deploy their skills and capabilities. Through cross-national comparative research, this book examines whether and why service sector jobs vary across countries. Drawing upon detailed empirical research, the jobs of vocational teacher, fitness instructor, and cafe worker in the UK, Norway, and France are compared, allowing an exploration of the role of national institutions, sectors, and organisations in shaping work organization and job quality. The findings contribute to the comparative study of work organization, the relationship between skills and performance, the role and purpose of education and the prospects for better jobs in 'the age of over-qualification'."--Book jacket.
Social protection for the elderly in Finland
F-Musiikki's marketing on the institutional market
Condition of teeth and periodontium in the home-dwelling elderly : with special reference to level of education
Crops, browse and pollinators in Africa : an initial stock-taking
Information technology incidents in the present information society:viewpoints of service providers, users, and the mass media
Women, the elderly and social policy in Finland and Japan : the muse or the worker bee?
Delivering service quality : the case study of the Ritz-Carlton Club, Singapore
Service management and marketing : customer management in service competition
Improving Delivery Quality in Supply Chain : a Case Study
New technology and the quality of life : the service sector in Europe : an annotated bibliography
Role-specific critical success factors in incident management : case energy management system company
European competitiveness report
Measuring customer satisfaction: a Sonera store case study
The Oxford companion to the economics of China
Service quality has become a strategic tool for many companies, because of the rising trends in the operating environment such as consumerism, media attention, increasing advertising, and promotional and technological progress. Customers' require value for their money which forces the service companies constantly monitor their success as service providers. One of the most critical factors of service quality is the service encounter. It defines the success or the failure of the service process. Huge part of the success or the failure is the front-line staff who face the customers on daily basis. Monitoring the interaction between the customer and the front-line staff offers a company with knowledge that can determine their competitive advantage.  The research problem and the hypotheses of the study are based on five service quality dimensions, labelled as reliability, responsiveness, assurance, empathy and tangibles. The aim of the study is to understand how the front-line staff and the customers of Memphis perceive service quality and which of the dimensions are considered as important in a service encounter. To reach the aim of the study and to provide an answer to the hypotheses and the research question, the study uses the modified version of the SERVQUAL measurement tool which is widely used in measuring service quality perceptions.  The methodology chosen for the study is quantitative in nature. The data collection is carried out by using a structured questionnaire, modified from the original SERVQUAL measurement tool. The questionnaire is targeted to two sample groups: Hesarin Memphis' customers and front-line staff. The sample size of the customers is limited with convenience sampling method and the aim is to get at least 75 responses. Because the sample of the staff is fairly small, all of them are included in the sample which makes it maximum of 15 respondents. The data collection process is scheduled to take two weeks. Finally the results are fed to the SPSS software which is used to analyse and manage large amounts of data.  The empirical study showed that both the front-line staff and the customers perceive service quality fairly positively in Memphis. Also both groups rate the importance of each dimension in a similar fashion. Based on the results it may be concluded that there is no major gap between front-line staffs' and customers' perception of service quality. But because the validity of the study was some what questionable, too much weight should not be put on the results. They should be seen more like a general guide-line than ready made solutions.
Researching business to business customer satisfaction and loyalty
Growing unequal? : income distribution and poverty in OECD countries
Highly recommended : English for the hotel and catering industry. 1 : Student's book : pre-intermediate
Warm hands in cold age : gender and aging
The essential guide to mystery shopping
Nordic social policy : changing welfare states
Video streaming and quality of service algorithm integration in 3G mobile networks
Dimensionality of quality from a customer perspective in the wood industry
The most important service quality factors in a service encounter in the case-study restaurant: Memphis / Sokos Hotel Helsinki
International outcome measures in mental health : quality of life, needs, service satisfaction, costs and impact on carers
Towards better customer satisfaction in the B2B relationship
Quality Customer Service : satisfy customers - it's everybody's job
The quality of life
Customer Satisfaction in Service Industry : Case Study of Nokia River Golf
Abstract: Researching business to business customer satisfaction and loyalty.
These papers study the position of women in two ageing societies - Japan and Finland. The focus on women is seen as an essential indicator which helps analyze the nature of social change in Finnish and Japanese societies. Topics covered include housing policy, retirement, and social security.
Finnish Customer Expectations in Senior Residences on Costa del Sol, Spain : Case: Villa Aurora Company
Research perspectives in service engineering and management. 1
Changing social equality : the Nordic welfare model in the 21st century
Estonia and Finland : a retrospective socioeconomic comparison
"The only book you need to raise customer service to a world-class level--from bestselling author and leadership guru Ken Blanchard Written as an entertaining customer-service "parable," I Care--Do You? offers an easy-to-implement model based on the importance of caring for both internal and external customers. Ideal for both managers seeking to raise the level of their employees, as well as self-driven customer service professionals, this powerful guide combines practical advice with the rationale behind it to increase customer loyalty through sincere customer care.Ken Blanchard is Chief Spiritual Officer of The Ken Blanchard Companies, a global management training and consulting firm he cofounded in 1979. Victoria Halsey is Vice President of Applied Learning for The Ken Blanchard Companies. Kathy Cuff is a Senior Consulting Partner for The Ken Blanchard Companies"--
Lunch eating patterns during working hours and their social and work-related determinants : study of Finnish employees
Managed services for dummies : blue coat managed solutions edition
