http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1000 art handicraft
art handicraft
Contemporary craft : the sourcebook for collectors & galleries 3.
Die alten Bildteppiche im Historischen Museum Basel = Les tapisseries anciennes au Musée Historique de Bâle = The ancient tapestries in the Basle Historical Museum
Revivals ! Diverse traditions 1920-1945 : the history of twentieth-century American craft
Avant-garde design : Dutch decorative arts 1880-1940
The everything guide to selling arts & crafts online / how to sell on Etsy, eBay, your StoreFront, and everywhere else online
Russian kerchiefs and shawls
The art of the Japanese kite
Papercraft inspirations : e-lehti
Craft arts international
Unknown Fabergé : new finds and re-discoveries
Form function Finland : Helsinki
The art of Brazilian handicraft
Fabergé : Schätze der russischen Zarenzeit : Treasures of imperial Russia = Fabergé
Decorative Arts in the Hermitage : The East, Classical antiquity, Western Europe, Russia
Fabergé : treasures from the Kremlin
Design in Scandinavia : USA - Canada 1954-1957
Islamic arts from Spain
Turkish traditional art today
Ottoman decorative arts
Craft in dialogue : six views on a practice in change
Crafts of Israel
The art of mosaic : contemporary ideas for decorating walls, floors and accessories in the home and garden
Applied and decorative arts : a bibliographic guide to basic reference works, histories, and handbooks
Koreana : Korean cultural heritage. Vol. 1, Fine arts : painting/handicrafts/architecture
Russian handpainted trays
Contemporary Swedish art jewellery
Treasury of the world : jewelled arts of India in the age of the Mughals
Stickmaking handbook
Generations of jewelry from the 15th through the 20th century
Circling the square : avant-garde porcelain from revolutionary Russia
Stitchery : art and craft
Saori : self-discovery trough free weaving
Making mini books : Big ideas for 30+ little projects
The art and tradition of Persian carpets
Crafting a legacy : contemporary American crafts in the Philadelphia Museum of Art
Native American arts and crafts
The sacred art of Russia from Ivan the Terrible to Peter the Great from the State Historical Museum, Moscow
Stitches : new approaches
The nature and art of workmanship
Jewelry from the Iron Age II Levant
The everyday Art of India
Mingei : masterpieces of Japanese folkcraft
Giehta dáidu : den stora boken om samernas slöjd = Giehta dáidu : the great book of Sámi handicraft
Quilt national 2011 : the best of contemporary quilts
Chefs-d'ouvre de l'artisanat tunisien = Masterpieces of Tunisian handicraft
India : five thousand years of Indian art
Crafts : the magazine for contemporary craft
Creative knitting : a new art form
Drawing inspiration from the natural beauty of flowers, Kaffe Fassett's Bold Blooms invites crafters to explore the behind-the-scenes process and fascinating design methods used to create Kaffe's bold fabrics and modern colour palettes--from 'sketching' with fabric swatches to creating mood boards and renderings to sewing visually striking quilts. Featured throughout are 18 new quilt patterns and seven new needlepoints.
A Yao community in Sapa, Vietnam
1900 ~the year of art nouveau : the Danish museum of art & design and the Paris world exhibition
Pressed flowers : creating and styling
A selection of Chinese carvings
Indie craft
Textile style : decorating with antique and exotic fabrics
The Oxford companion to the decorative arts / ed. by Harold Osborne
Design learning and well-being : 4th International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
Germanic animal art of Salin's style I in Finland / en västfinsk kulturgrupp under yngre järnåldern ; Torsten Edgren. Der Pekkatori in Raahe : Studien über einen eckverschlossenen Platz und seine Gebäudetypen ; Henrik Lilius
Biennalen for kunsthåndværk & design 2011 = [The 2011 Biennale for Crafts and Design]
Asia in Amsterdam : the culture of luxury in the Golden Age
Ars decorativa : yearbook of the Budapest Museum of Applied Arts and its Ferenc Hopp museum of Eastern Asiatic arts = az Iparmuvészeti Múzeum és a Hopp Ferenc Keletázsiai Muvészeti Müzeum evkönyve. 9, 1989.
The artful bird : feathered friends to make + sew
Folk and tribal designs of India : hundreds of designs and motifs from the folk and tribal crafts of India, drawn from original sources by Kiran Malhotra ... [et. al]
Finnish handicraft = artisanat Finlandais
The crafts of the modern world
Decorative arts and architecture of the 1920s : le arti d'oggi
Thai mother-of-pearl inlay
Katachi : Japanese sacred geometry
Arts and crafts of Rajasthan : living traditions of India
Sámi Duodji : Sámi duodjesearvvi 30-jagi ávvudančájáhusa čájáhuskataloga = Saamenkäsityö : Saamenkäsityöyhdistyksen 30-vuotisjuhlanäyttelyn näyttelyluettelo = Sámi handicraft : catalogue for the jubilee exhibition of the Sámi Handicraft Association's 30th anniversary
Ars decorativa : yearbook of the Budapest Museum of Applied Arts and its Ferenc Hopp museum of Eastern Asiatic arts = az Iparmuvészeti Múzeum és a Hopp Ferenc Keletázsiai Muvészeti Müzeum evkönyve. 13, 1993.
Korean folk art & craft
Traditional Turkish arts
Khokhloma folk painting
Pioneers of modern craft : twelve essays profiling key figures in the history of twentieth-century craft
Apostles of beauty : arts and crafts from Britain to Chicago
Modern bamboo craft
Finnish design : a concise history
The handicrafts and industrial arts of India : a pictorial and descriptive survey of Indian craftmanship as seen in masterpieces
Edo no iki, inrō : Finrando Kuresu korekushon topikku tenji = Stylish life of Edo : inro from the Kress Collection 7
Bulgaria : tradition & beauty
Ricky Tims' convergence quilts : mysterious, magical, easy and fun
Influences from Japan in Danish art and design 1870-2010
The hot house : Italian new wave design
Ars decorativa : yearbook of the Budapest Museum of Applied Arts and its Ferenc Hopp museum of Eastern Asiatic arts = az Iparmuvészeti Múzeum és a Hopp Ferenc Keletázsiai Muvészeti Müzeum evkönyve. 10, 1991.
The genius of Japanese design
Between tradition and future : Guest Pavilion Finland
Russian hand-painted trays
Embroidery : traditional designs, techniques and patterns from all over the world
Ars decorativa : yearbook of the Budapest Museum of Applied Arts and its Ferenc Hopp museum of Eastern Asiatic arts = az Iparmuvészeti Múzeum és a Hopp Ferenc Keletázsiai Muvészeti Müzeum evkönyve. 14, 1994.
Voices for tomorrow : Sixth International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
Ugly : the aesthetics of everything
Quilting masterclass : inspirations and techniques from 50 of the worldś finest artists
Mosaic art and style : design for living environmets
Yale university art gallery : Picture book number two textiles
Census of India, 1961. Vol. 7, pt. 7-A, Kerala. Selected crafts of Kerala
Arts in the age of Sinan
Craft industry brings 170 million Finnish marks annually to Koillismaa
Ars decorativa : yearbook of the Budapest Museum of Applied Arts and its Ferenc Hopp museum of Eastern Asiatic arts = az Iparmuvészeti Múzeum és a Hopp Ferenc Keletázsiai Muvészeti Müzeum evkönyve. 11, 1991.
Utstillingen09 kunsthåndverk = Exhibition09 Norwegian craft
The fine art of kimono embroidery
High-relief wood carving
The craft and the makers : tradition with attitude
Insights / outlooks : GRASSI Museum of Applied Arts Leipzig : a journey through the collections
Lacquer : an international history and collector's guide
Textures in embroidery
An exhibition of the handicraft of the "reindeer people"
Animal heads : trophy heads to crochet
Treasures from the embroiders' guild collection
Russian applied art : eighteenth to early twentieth century
Folk art of the Soviet Union : reflections of a rich cultural diversity of the fifteen republics
The dawns of tradition
Your guide to online success! Here's all you need to realize your dreams of turning your handiwork into cash--online! With the popularity of Etsy and Pinterest, serious art and craft buyers and sellers are turning to the online world to buy, sell, and promote beautiful, homemade creations...but where to start? This A-Z guide provides expert advice on building an online presence and getting your creations into the hands of buyers, including: * Tips on creating a sound business plan.* Techniques for writing effective copy and taking professional-level photographs.* Help with creating a comprehensive marketing strategy.* Ways to increase sales through online networking and social media.* Best practices for accounting, packing, shipping, and customer service. You'll learn about the pros and cons of all the major art and craft sites, as well as tips for creating your own store online. With The Everything Guide to Selling Arts & Crafts Online, your online business can be up and running in no time!
Ten Afro-American quilters : featuring Mozell Benson, Arester Earl, Johanna Pettway, Martha Jane Pettway, Plummer Pettway, Susie Ponds, Pearlie Posey, Sarah Mary Taylor, Lucinda Toomer, Pecolia Warner
In the spirit of Uno Cygnaeus : pedagogical questions of today and tomorrow
Ars decorativa : yearbook of the Budapest Museum of Applied Arts and its Ferenc Hopp museum of Eastern Asiatic arts = az Iparmuvészeti Múzeum és a Hopp Ferenc Keletázsiai Muvészeti Müzeum evkönyve. 12, 1992.
Ars decorativa : yearbook of the Budapest Museum of Applied Arts and its Ferenc Hopp museum of Eastern Asiatic arts = az Iparmuvészeti Múzeum és a Hopp Ferenc Keletázsiai Muvészeti Müzeum evkönyve. 15, 1995.
Japanese inspirations : easy-to-make patchwork and applique projects
Modern craft art Japan : works from the Crafts Gallery, The National Museum of Modern Art, Tokyo
Abrbandi : Ikats of Central Asia : from the collection of the Islamic Arts Museum Malaysia
Proceedings of the Crafticulation & Education Conference
We love wood(s)!
Kaffe Fassett's bold blooms : quilts and other works celebrating flowers
Working with porcelain
Paradise found
Women in the Arts and Crafts movement 1870-1914
Notes : 3-dimensional Estonian art : Szentendre Art Mill, Hungary, 16.08.-14.09.2003
Creative appliqué : a pocket how to do it
Indonesia : arts and crafts
Rahvusvaheline ehtekunstinäitus = International jewellery art exhibition
Medieval and Renaissance art : people and possessions
Rug weaving techniques : beyond the basics
Design in tradition 1868-1945
Trade and discovery : the scientific study of artefacts from post-medieval Europe and beyond
Kevin Coates : a hidden alchemy : goldsmithing : jewels and table-pieces
Treasures of the royal courts : Tudors, Stuarts & the Russian tsars
Nancy Crow : work in transition
Crafts magazine : the decorative and applied arts magazine
Biennalen for kunsthåndværk & design 2009
The encyclopedia of decorative arts 1890-1940
Charmed bracelets
Artesanias argentinas tradicionales = Traditional Argentine artcrafts
Glorious Inspiration
Into the thirties : style and design 1927-1934 / Klaus-Jürgen Sembach
Netsuke : the Hull Grandy collection in the British Museum
The English archive of design and decoration : with over 600 designs, patterns and settings in colour and black-and-white
The Penguin dictionary of decorative arts / John Fleming, Hugh Honour
Jewelry has always had an irresistible allure yet in the past also had a significance and function within society that went far beyond ornamentation. Jewelry is an important, if often forgotten facet of material culture. Its study is inter-disciplinary, involving archaeology, anthropology, art history, historical/textual studies, and research of materials and manufacturing techniques. While the renowned jewelry from regions such as Egypt and Mesopotamia has been studied, that of the southern Levant has received only limited attention, yet research of its archaeological/contextual, technological and socio-cultural perspectives is illuminating. The book is a final publication of the author's doctoral dissertation made available to the archaeological and academic community at large. The book is geared to be a working tool for archaeologists dealing in this period and region and to scholars who study its arts and crafts. It provides a handy typological structure for jewelry classification as well as a comprehensive and useful catalogue for research in this and related fields. In addition, the book illustrates the significance, meaning and functions of jewelry and the development of the jeweler's craft in the southern Levant during the first and second millennia BCE.
The art of making armour : a craftman's guide to creating authentic armour reproductions
Atlas of Central Asian artistic crafts and trades. Vol. 1, Uzbekistan
Designing with string
Inrō of the Ryūkyūs : lacquered medicine containers
Potentials : design in the field : new discourse on craft development 1-2
Design in art and industry / by Ely Jacques Kahn
Pictures for the sky : Sora mau kaiga = art kites -- geijutsu dako
Techniques of rya knotting
