http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1004 nuns
nuns
The Saffron Road : a journey with Buddha's daughters
Making fields of merit : Buddhist nuns challenge gendered orders in Thailand
Abstract.
A demon summer : a Max Tudor novel
Circle of friends
By women, for women, about women : the sister-books of fourteenth-century Germany
The corner that held them
English abstracts. - Santraukos lietuvių.
Life class
Purity of blood
Murder in the high himalaya : loyalty, tragedy, and escape from Tibet
Through the narrow gate
Jesus in our wombs : embodying modernity in a Mexican convent
The shadow of your smile
Sisters in solitude : two traditions of Buddhist monastic ethics for women : a comparative analysis of the Chinese Dharmagupta and the Tibetan Mūlasarvāstivada Bhikòsuònī Prātimokòsa sūtras
Hokkeji and the reemergence of female monastic orders in premodern Japan
Sisters of the East End : the real stories of the Sisters who inspired Call the midwife
Mother Teresa : beyond the image
Grace before meals : food ritual and body discipline in convent culture
The life and struggles of our mother Walatta Petros : a seventeenth-century African biography of an Ethiopian woman
Perceiving women
Kassia the nun in context : the religious thought of a ninth-century Byzantine monastic
Creating Cistercian nuns : the women's religious movement and its reform in thirteenth-century Champagne
Monks, nuns and monasteries
Letters to a beginner : on giving one's life to God
Feminism, absolutism, and Jansenism : Louis XIV and the Port-Royal nuns
Religious women in golden age Spain : the permeable cloister
Poverty, chastity, and change : lives of contemporary American nuns
Nuns' chronicles and convent culture in Renaissance and Counter-Reformation Italy
The church of the former Benedictine female monastery Santi Cosma e Damiano occupies an outstanding position in Venice. This title argues that from its foundation in 1481 to its dissolution in 1805, Santi Cosma e Damiano was a reform convent, and that its nuns employed art and architecture as a means to express their specific religious concerns.
Pelagia and the red rooster
Art and piety in the female religious communities of Renaissance Italy : iconography, space and the religious woman's perspective
Mother Teresa : an authorized biography
The privilege of poverty : Clare of Assisi, Agnes of Prague, and the struggle for a Franciscan rule for women
Women's monasticism and medieval society : nunneries in France and England, 890-1215
""Focuses on the dress of nuns in early modern Venetian Convents; investigates the intersection of dress and the city's social and economic history: includes illustrations"--Provided by publisher"--
The most thorough examination to date of the landmark decree that mandated strict enclosure of all nuns. Pope Boniface VIII published a decree in 1298 that transformed long-standing attitudes toward nuns into universal Church law. Referred to as Periculoso, the decree announced that all nuns were to be perpetually cloistered. This volume provides an in-depth study of the watershed legislation. Elizabeth Makowski surveys precedents for Periculoso as well as some of the problems Boniface VIII hoped to solve with his ruling. She further analyzes the commentary on Periculoso and the attempts to enforce the legislation.
The patron saint of liars
Holy fools
Galileo's daughter : a historical memoir of science, faith, and love
Cross My Heart
Penance of the damned
Rebellious nuns : the troubled history of a Mexican convent, 1752-1863
Mother Teresa : saint or celebrity?
Silent as a stone : Mother Maria of Paris and the trash can rescue
Kingmaker : divided souls
The ascetic of love
Celestial sirens : nuns and their music in early modern Milan
As a subculture, cloistered monastic nuns live hidden from public view by choice. Once a woman joins the cloister and makes final vows, she is almost never seen and her voice is not heard; her story is essentially nonexistent in the historical record and collective, public history. From interviews conducted over six years, Reese tells the stories of the Poor Clare Colettine Order, a cloistered contemplative order at the Corpus Christi Monastery in Rockford, Illinois.
Love may fail
The dove of death
Sensual encounters : monastic women and spirituality in medieval Germany
Forbidden fashions : invisible luxuries in early Venetian convents
New habits : today's women who choose to become nuns
Iškilmės ir kasdienybė Lietuvos Didžiojoje Kunigaikštystėje ir jos kontekstuose = Celebrations and everyday life in the Grand Duchy of Lithuania and its contexts
Virgins of Venice : broken vows and cloistered lives in the Renaissance convent
Dedicated to God : an oral history of cloistered nuns
Pilgrimage as a lifestyle : a contemporary Greek nunnery as a pilgrimage site
Versions of virginity in late medieval England
Confessions of a pagan nun : a novel
Feminism, absolutism, and Jansenism chronicles seventy years of Jansenist conflict and its complex intersection with power struggles between gallican bishops, Parlementaires, the Crown, and the pope. Daniella Kostroun focuses on the nuns of Port-Royal-des-Champs, whose community was disbanded by Louis XIV in 1709 as a threat to the state. Paradoxically, it was the nuns' adherence to their strict religious rule and the ideal of pious, innocent, and politically disinterested behavior that allowed them to challenge absolutism effectively. Adopting methods from cultural studies, feminism, and the Cambridge school of political thought, Kostroun examines how these nuns placed gender at the heart of the Jansenist challenge to the patriarchal and religious foundations of absolutism; they responded to royal persecution with a feminist defense of women's spiritual and rational equality and of the autonomy of the individual subject, thereby offering a bold challenge to the patriarchal and religious foundations of absolutism.
Last seen in Lhasa : the story of an extraordinary friendship in modern Tibet
The green house : a novel
Intercessors on the part of Russia : lives of the Mothers Dunja, Matrona and Makarija
Virtual pilgrimages in the convent : imagining Jerusalem in the late Middle Ages
Through an examination of the role of nuns and the place of convents in both the spiritual and social landscape, this book analyzes the interaction of gender, religion and society in late medieval and early modern Spain. Author Elizabeth Lehfeldt here examines the tension between religious reform, which demanded that all nuns observe strict enclosure, and the traditional identity of Spanish nuns and their institutions, in which they were spiritually and temporally powerful women. Lehfeldt's work is based on the archival records of twenty-three convents in the city of Valladolid, and peninsula-wide documents that include visitation records, the constitutions of religious orders, and spiritual biographies. Religious Women in Golden Age Spain is the first book-length study in English to pose this chronological and conceptual framework for identifying and analyzing the role of nuns and convents in late-medieval and early-modern Spanish society. Review: "Well-written and persuasive... makes a significant contribution to the fields of Spanish history, social history of religion, and women's history. Lehfeldt's account of nuns' involvement in the very worldly activities of managing estates and utilizing the legal system to assert rights over finances and property... gives us a more balanced view of nuns in their varied roles in society." -Jodi Bilinkoff, Associate Professor of History, University of North Carolina at Greensboro"
The life of Jetsun Lochen Rinpoche (1865-1951) as told in her autobiography
The subtle serpent : a Sister Fidelma mystery
Thai women in Buddhism
Medieval women monastics : wisdom's wellsprings
Pyhän Vapahtajan sääntökunta = The Order of the Most Holy Saviour
Blossoms of the dharma : living as a Buddhist nun
Act of mercy : a Sister Fidelma mystery
Good behavior
Come be my light : the revealing private writings of the Nobel peace prize winner
By force and fear : taking and breaking monastic vows in early modern Europe
Barking Abbey and medieval literary culture : authorship and authority in a female community
The death of faith
Korean Buddhist nuns and laywomen : hidden histories, enduring vitality
"Examines 58 letters written by Katerina Lemmel, a wealthy Nuremberg widow, who in 1516 entered the abbey of Maria Mai in south Germany, and rebuilt the monastery using her own resources and the donations she solicited from relatives"--Provided by publisher.
The space between : an Outlander novella
Servants of the Buddha : winter in a Himalayan convent
Ex-nuns : a study of emergent role passage
Mother Teresa
Harlots of the desert : a study of repentance in early monastic sources
One-pound gospel
Edith Stein : a biography
Green sisters : a spiritual ecology
Sisters of War
Mad sisters and evil mothers : representations of nuns and convents in western films
Revelations : Saint Birgitta of Sweden
Katerina's windows : donation and devotion, art and music, as heard and seen through the writings of a Birgittine nun
Monasteries and society in the British Isles in the later Middle Ages
Mortal heart
Nuns behaving badly : tales of music, magic, art, and arson in the convents of Italy
Nunneries and the Anglo-Saxon royal houses
Women's monasteries in Ukraine and Belorussia to the period of suppressions
A tale for the time being
Buddhist nuns : the birth and development of a women's monastic order
Sexual abuse and the culture of Catholicism : how priests and nuns become perpetrators
The ear of the heart : an actress' journey from Hollywood to holy vows
The bastard's tale
The devil's seal
Shroud for the Archbishop / [A sister Fidelma mystery]
A detailed examination of a distinctive group of female religious communities, founded by royal families in Anglo-Saxon England, this title shows that the fortunes of the nunneries were inextricably linked with those of the royal families who were their patrons. It explores how they often had to reconcile potentially conflicting demands from the secular and ecclesiastical worlds and looks at the opportunities the nunneries provided for royal women to exercise the types of public power and authority that in the early middle ages were often the preserve of men. Within the royal family nexus, entry into the church was a gendered role performed by its women and an option that was not generally available to royal males. As a result some remarkable women were able both to run major religious houses and to intervene in contemporary family politics. All too often the roles of such women in church and state have been underplayed in conventional ecclesiastical and political histories; this title hopes to restore some of the respect that these powerful women undoubtedly enjoyed in their own lifetimes.
Tibetan Nuns: Gender as a force in a culture under "threat"
The spiritual teaching of Mary of the Incarnation
English nuns and the law in the Middle Ages : cloistered nuns and their lawyers, 1293-1540
World without end
New trends in feminine spirituality : the holy women of Liège and their impact
Nuns and reform art in early modern Venice : the architecture of Santi Cosma e Damiano and its decoration from Tintoretto to Tiepolo
Lesbian nuns breaking silence
The convent
Mother Teresa : come be my light : the revealing writings of the Nobel peace prize winner
Nuns are hardly associated in the popular mind with rebellion and turmoil. Drawing on letters written by the bishop and local vicar and nuns of both factions, this title aims to give us the voices and the personalities of the nuns. It appreciates the complicated dynamics of having committed your life not only to God, but to your community.
Women under the bō tree : Buddhist nuns in Sri Lanka
Buddhist nuns and gendered practice : in search of the female renunciant
Pelagia & the red rooster
Lawmen were crucial to the economic wellbeing of medieval nunneries. This book looks at the relationship between them and how cases were conducted.
No turning back : two nuns' battle with the Vatican over women's right to choose
Sister Eva of Friedenshort : a servant of others for Christ's sake
Mother Teresa : her people and her work
Valley of the shadow : a Sister Fidelma mystery
Convent chronicles : women writing about women and reform in the late Middle Ages
Shenoute & the women of the White Monastery : Egyptian monasticism in late antiquity
Suffer little children : [a Sister Fidelma mystery]
Canon law and cloistered women : Periculoso and its commentators, 1298-1545
Women's Buddhism, Buddhism's women : tradition, revision, renewal
Change of habit
Women, pilgrimage, everyday life experience : a contemporary Greek convent as a pilgrimage site
Tibetan Buddhist nuns : history, cultural norms and social reality
Women in Tibet : past and present
Walking in Christ's footsteps' was a devotional ideal in the late Middle Ages. However, few nuns and religious women had the freedom or the funding to take the journey in the flesh. Instead they invented and adjusted devotional exercises to visit the sites virtually. These exercises, largely based on real pilgrims' accounts, made use of images and objects that helped the beholder to imagine walking alongside Christ during his torturous march to Calvary. Some provided scripts whereby votaries could animate paintings and sculptures. Others required the nun to imagine her convent as a miniature model of Jerusalem. This volume is grounded in more than a dozen texts from manuscripts written by medieval nuns and religious women, which appear here transcribed and translated for the first time, and a multiplicity of (occasionally three-dimensional) images. They attest to the ubiquity and variety of virtual pilgrimages among religious women and help to reveal the functions of certain late medieval devotional images.
The journey of one Buddhist nun : even against the wind
Sisters in arms : Catholic nuns through two millennia
The monk who vanished : a Sister Fidelma mystery
