http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10074 money (objects)
money (objects)
Standard catalog of world coins. 2009 : 1901-2000
The face of mammon : the matter of money in English Renaissance literature
This paper briefly examines the exchange rate arrangements of several of Eastern Europe's transition economies.Generally speaking, countries that have included some form of fixed exchange rate regime in their stabilization packages have been more successful in curbing inflation, and consequently reviving output. Further, while a fixed exchange rate is no panacea for economic problems, it can act as a credible nominal anchor in a comprehensive reform package.Such credibility, however, is contingent on the government's ability to implement a balanced budget. As transition progresses, fixed exchange rate regimes eventually become outmoded as they lack some of the flexibility and potency in conducting monetary policy central banks may require as the economy grows.To date, even the most advanced of the transition countries have balked at making this switch.A possible explanation may simply be inertia from past success of fixed exchange rates in reducing inflation and enhancing the credibility of such central banks. .
Standard catalog of world paper money 2
Bad samaritans : the guilty secrets of rich nations and the threat to global prosperity
Roman coins and public life under the empire : E. Togo Salmon Papers II
Coin finder
Electronic money trends : user's perspective
Implementation of monetary policy at the zero lower bound and below
Small countries establishing their own independent monetary system: the case of the Baltics
2014 standard catalog of world coins : 1901-2000
Standard catalog of world coins. 2000 edition
Forecasting financial markets : the psychology of successful investing
Byzantine and Early Medieval Western European coins in the Hunter Coin Cabinet, University of Glasgow
The numismatic iconography of the Roman colonies in Greece : local spirit and the expression of imperial policy
Roman coins : Museum of Anatolian Cilizations
"Here is the long-awaited corpus on Tyrian coinage in the Persian period (4th-5th cent. BCE), containing a chronological catalogue of 1,814 silver and bronze coins. Besides the usual numismatic analysis (monetary production, volume of emissions, manufacturing techniques and processes...), the authors have also studied the monetary inscriptions and iconography. They focused on using their own statistical data, reaching many interesting metrological conclusions. The Tyrian workshop was innovative, in that around 388 BCE it inaugurated a yearly dating system. This book is also an important historical volume on Tyre and on the Persians' western policy, based on the results of a numismatic analysis, combined with all the other sources: in particular, the city's significant difficulties in the first part of the 4th cent. and its prosperity during the reign of King Ozmilk (347-333/2), in stark contrast to the decay of Sidon at that time." -- Publisher's description.
The scam : a Fox and O'Hare novel
Coins and notes in Latvia over the centuries : catalogue for the exhibitions
Whitman numismatic journal : a monthly supplement to all Whitman standard coin reference books
Money in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania 1915-1940 : a guide-book to the exhibition = Geld in Estland, Lettland und Litauen 1915-1940 : Beschreibung der Ausstellung = Dengi v Èstonii, Latvii i Litve : pamâtka vystavka
Standard catalog of world paper money : vol. 3. Volume three, modern issues 1962-1998
Vita vigilia est : essays in honour of Barbara Levick
Standard catalog of world paper money. Vol. 2, general issues
STANDARD CATALOG OF WORLD PAPER MONEY. VOLUME TWO, GENERAL ISSUES TO 1960
Estonia and EMU prospects
Official 2004 price guide to world coins
Design implications for digital scratch-card games
Integration cycles in the Eurozone stock markets
Aging in a currency union with endogenous growth
Operating since 1993, Estonia's budding money market today boasts a fairly sophisticated interbank money market.Its non-interbank money market also continues to develop rapidly; in coming years short-term money flows between enterprises will increase as Estonia's enterprise sector grows.Estonia's money market is tiny in comparison to major money markets, and standard instruments such as T-bills are not used at all.Even so, Estonia's money market is, by far, the most developed in the Baltic region.Given the present high growth in Estonian banking and industry, turnover in the Estonian money market can well be expected to grow and further integrate itself with global money markets.  Keywords:Money market, Estonia .
The story of money
Standard catalog of world coins : seventeenth century, 1601 - 1700
Medals and coins of the age ofpeter the great
CATALOGUE OF THE WORLD'S MOST POPULAR COINS
Greek coins and their values. Volume 1, Europe
Financial cycles, monetary policy and macroprudential policy in the euro area
Numismatic Archaeology Archaeological Numismatics : proceedings of an international conference held to honour Dr. Mando Oeconomides in Athens 1995
The effects of the Eurosystem's expanded asset purchase programme (EAPP) are already visible on the financial markets. The achievements of the programme are, however, only intermediate goals from a central bank perspective, through which the effects of the programme can work through to the real economy and prices. To a small open economy such as Finland, the effects of the programme are transmitted particularly via lower market interest rates and a weaker exchange rate. According to calculations conducted at the Bank of Finland, the EAPP will stimulate Finland's GDP growth by 0.2 of a percentage point and inflation by 0.3 of a percentage point in 2015..
This paper treats inflation in Estonia during a period of dramatic change.In the course of this period both the nature and features of inflation have changed considerably. Starting in the mid-1980s, the development of the Estonian economy can be divided into two periods. During the first period the command economy was transformed into a postsocialist economy.The latter period was marked by the abolition of centralization and direct control, which are typical of the command economy. The difference between these periods is most clearly seen on the microeconomic level and is connected with the importance of market signals in determining the behaviour of economic agents. During the first period, i.e. from 1985 to 1992, nonmarket forces determined this behaviour.The market, or at least the initial conditions for a market were functioning, but market signals were not for the most part taken into account.In reality the command economy was reformed without a qualitative change in the economic system. The second period, which began in 1992 in connection with the monetary reform, include the qualitative change from a command economy to a market economy.The reforms that have taken place during the second period are making market signals the main impetus for the economic agents' behaviour. The nature of inflation has been different in the two periods. In the period of the post-socialist economy, inflation was a phenomenon that accompanied the liberalization of a command economy. .
Illustrated encyclopaedia of world coins
Modeling work on Estonian data indicates that external financing of the private sector has strong impact on domestic demand, which implies that valuable insights may be gained in this case from understanding the behavioral relationships in the monetary sector. The current paper provides a theoretical analysis of the monetary sector under a currency board regime and applies specification tests to Estonian data.As a final product, empirical equations for average lending rate, loans provided to the private sector and money demand are estimated.While estimations herein use monthly data, quarterly modifications of the model will be inserted into Eesti Pank's quarterly macromodel in the future. Key words: currency board, economic modelling, bank lending, capital flows, Estonia .
The operating environment for monetary policy has changed: the euro area macroprudential system - or macroprudential framework -for dampening country and sector-specific overheating is now stronger than before the financial crisis. The new system is, however, not yet complete, which increases the need to contribute to the maintenance of financial stability also via monetary policy measures. Even if the macroprudential system were stronger than it currently is, it is very difficult to fully prevent the possibly unfavourable side-effects of an exceptionally accommodative monetary policy. In the current situation, however, the strengthening of economic growth via monetary policy measures does also support financial stability.
What is money?
The monetary circulation in the southeastern Alpine region ca. 300 B.C. - A.D. 1000 = Denarni obtok na prostoru Jugovzhodnih Alp 300 pr.n.s. - 1000
Sigtuna papers : proceedings of the Sigtuna Symposium on Viking-Age Coinage, 1-4 June 1989
Adaptive learning and monetary policy design
A GUIDEBOOK OF RUSSIAN COINS 1725 TO 1982
Inflation in Estonia : The effect of transition
"Monetarism" and monetary policy in Russia
World coin catalogue twentieth century
Standard catalog of world paper money. Modern issues : 1961-present
Historic gold coins of the world
Early Hellenistic coinage : from the accession of Alexander to the Peace of Apamea (336-188 B.C.)
Standard catalog of world coins. 2010 : 1901-2000
Standard catalog of world coins. 2006, 1901 - present
Russian-english numismatic dictionary
Catalogue of the world's most popular coins
Shakespeare's England : an account of the life & manners of his age. Volume 1.
WORLD COIN CATALOGUE
Asset management standards : corporate governance for asset management
Numismatik & Technologie : Fragen und Antworten = Numismatics  technology : questions and answers : symposium/proceedings 25. und 26. April 2003, KHM, Wien
2012 standard catalog of world coins 1901-2000
The yo-yo yen : and the future of the Japanese economy
2009 standard catalog of world coins : 2001-date
2017 standard catalog of world coins : 1901-2000
Standard catalog of world paper money
Estonian collections : Anglo-Saxon, Anglo-Norman and later British coins
A statistical comparison of alternative identification schemes for monetary policy shocks
The intelligent investor : a book of practical counsel
Weaker-than-expected developments in the global economy would erode Finland's export-driven growth. On the other hand, a more prolonged period of low commodity prices and the positive effects of accommodative monetary policy on the real economy could provide a further boost to growth. In Finland, the necessary consolidation measures will reduce domestic demand over the short term but may support growth over the longer term..
Monetary policy supports euro area recovery from the crisis
Standard catalog of world coins. 2008 : 1901-2000
Coins of Greek Sicily
The first global financial crisis of the 21st century
Fulbright Center news
China was able to combine slow inflation with very rapid economic growth for more than a decade. Finally, in 2007 inflation started to accelerate and there are a number of factors that may increase the pressure on China's price level in the near future. Most importantly, money supply growth is expected to remain rapid due to the ballooning foreign currency inflows. In addition, according to some estimates, economic growth has accelereated above its long-term potential and also a number of structural factors are likely to push production costs up. Counterbalancing part of the rising costs, productivity growth has somewhat accelerated during recent years. With low cost levels and fastly growing exports, China is believed to have exported deflation into its trading partners in recent years. However, due to the fact that the direct impacts of globalisation on inflation in the advanced economies have been moderate, also the effect of a possible rise in China's cost leve!  l on inflation in eg euro area is expected to remain small. However, the indirect impacts on price dynamics are much more difficult to forecast.  Keywords: China, inflation, monetary policy .
Seventeenth century tokens of the British Isles and their values
2017 standard catalog of world coins : 2001-date
Monetary policy in the euro area has been highly accommodative in recent years. The accommodative stance has also been reflected in banks' lending rates. The transmission of monetary policy has become more effective, following the strengthening of the euro area banking system and the improvement in banks' capital adequacy from previous years.
The Belgian franc : Belgian coins and banknotes since 1830
Quadra : klenoder i Kungl. Myntkabinettet = Treasures in the Royal Coin Cabinet
Standard catalog of world paper money. Vol. 2 : general iss
Money on the silk road : the evidence from Eastern Central Asia to c. AD 800
Monetary economics : policy and its theoretical basis
Dynamic money-in-the-utility-function model under monetary and technology shocks
The mystery of banking
Arab-Sasanian civil war coinage : Manichaeans Pasidiva and other Khawārij
Olympic coins and medals : 510 B. C. - 1994 A. D. : catalogue of medals, coins, and badges of the Olympic games, The sessions, The centenary of the Olympics
Crowdfunding as a Customer Engagement Channel
Finland is greying - will this diminish the effectiveness of monetary policy?
2011 standard catalog of world coins 1901-2000
Monetary Overhang, Inflation and Stabilization in the  Economies in Transition
The international transmission of monetary policy in a dollar pricing model
Cash for your Canada, Newfoundland, Great Britain, United States, Australia and New Zealand coins & bills : gold coins, crowns and proof sets of the world. Volume 10
The russian monetary system. A historico-numismatic survey
Standard catalog of world coins. 1801-1900
Fulbright Finland news
Countercyclical macroprudential policy is to be strengthened in the euro area. The European Central Bank will be assuming new macroprudential powers, as single banking supervision commences in autumn 2014 and the countercyclical buffer requirement is due to be introduced in all euro area countries no later than the beginning of 2016. Even so, a significant part of euro area macroprudential policy will continue in the future to be the responsibility of national authorities. In the operating environment of the single monetary policy, euro area Member States will be able to support their own and the area's economic stability and to improve the financial system's resilience to crises through pursuing robust national macroprudential policies..
Aftershock : protect yourself and profit in the next global financial meltdown
Liquidity shocks in the eurosystem interbank market
Standard catalog of world coins. Eighteenth century 1701-1800
Coinage of the crusades and the Latin East : in the Ashmolean Museum Oxford
The natural rate of interest is the real interest rate that brings the economy into equilibrium and would prevail if the output of the economy were at its potential level, i.e. in a situation where the economy is neither in an upswing nor in a downswing. The equilibrium would lead to stable inflation over the long term. During the last 10 years, the natural rate of interest in the advanced economies is estimated to have declined substantially. This not only affects the assessment of current monetary policy but also the future challenges facing monetary policy. However, estimates of the level of the natural rate of interest are very uncertain, which hampers the use of this interest rate as a monetary policy guide..
Coins and minting
The Eurosystem currently implements monetary policy in circumstances that are very different from those of the early years of the financial and debt crisis. The Governing Council of the ECB has pursued an accommodative monetary policy and lowered the central bank's policy rates close to zero, meaning that the scope for lowering the expected real interest rate by deployment of traditional monetary policy instruments is now limited. Inflation expectations that are lower than the Eurosystem's objective of price stability raise the real interest rate. This article looks at the non-standard monetary policy instruments with which, despite the zero lower bound, the Eurosystem has been able to steer market interest rates and strengthen expectations of a continuation of the accommodative monetary policy stance..
Stochastic dynamic optimization models in the banking sector
The complete illustrated guide to coin collecting : how to start and build a great collection: the complete companion to world coins from antiquity to the present day, including 750 colour photographs : tips on identification, authentication, coin care, presentation, cataloguing, buying and selling, plus how to plan and organize your collection as it grows
Standard catalog of world coins. 2015 : 1901-2000
This study assesses the causes of dollarization in Russia. Dollarization is defined here as the use of foreign currency both as a medium of exchange and store of value.  According to different estimates, the current degree of dollarization of the Russian economy is 40-50 per cent.Inquiry into sources and mechanisms of dollarization in Russia reveals the main factors influencing its evolution - dynamics of inflation and the dollar exchange rate, as well as the uncertainty level of money and credit policy.  The model of dollarization assessing the influence of key parameters of macroeconomic policy - inflation, exchange and interest rates - on dynamics of dollarization is created in the paper.Main conclusions and relationships of the model are tested on Russian data.Implications of obtained results for macroeconomic policy in Russia are discussed.  Keywords:dollarization, monetary policy, models, Russia .
The Hellenistic world : using coins as sources
Medicine on ancient Greek and Roman coins
Jealousy and monetary policy
Crowdfunding for a Novelty Product : Case Study: Goodio Cools
Predicting the Fed's target rate decisions
World coin catalogue : twen tieth century
This article examines the link between population ageing and monetary policy transmission in Finland from the perspective of consumption behaviour and the macro economy. We estimate the consumption functions of Finnish households in various age groups, using household-specific data. If consumption in the younger cohorts is more sensitive to changes in income and interest rates than consumption in the older, growth in the population share of the elderly will decrease the economic impact of changes in the key monetary policy interest rate. The effect of ageing on consumption is estimated by taking into consideration the age variation of household margins. Finally, we describe the effect of demographics on monetary policy transmission, using a general equilibrium model of the Finnish economy. The examinations are based on wealth and income distribution data from Statistics Finland..
Standard catalog of world paper money : modern issues 1961-present
Standard catalog of world paper money. Volume three : Modern issues 1961-2001 / Colin R. Bruce II, senior editor
2500 coins of the world : a stunning global history covering 180 countries, from the first coins ever struck to present-day innovations
Coins of the crusader states 1098-1291 : including the Kingdom of Jerusalem and its vassal states of Syria and Palestine, the Lusignan Kingdom of Cyprus (1192-1489), and the Latin Empier of Constantinople and its vassal states of Greece and the Archipelago
Standard catalog of world paper money. Volume three, Modern issues 1961-date
We won the lottery : real life winner stories
BEGINNER'S GUIDE TO COIN COLLECTING, THE
Since regaining independence, Estonian has carried out its economic and political reforms with dispatch and determination.Estonia has now succesfully completed primary tasks faced by most transition countries, ie. trade liberalization, macroeconomic stabilization, privatization, monetary reform, strengthening of financial sector etc.One of the main challanges presently facing Estonia is the EU membership.If Estonia intends to become a member of the EU in the years ahead, EMU will comprise the framework of development also for the Estonian economy.What then are the implications of EMU memberhip for Estonia ?Benefits include elimination of currency transaction costs, reduction of costs of hedging against exchange rate risk, increased competition due to price transparency, increased foreign trade, elimination of problems related to fluctuating exchange rates, low inflation, and benefits related to increased international role of the common European currency euro. Costs related the EMU and a common currency depend on the structure of Estonia's economy vis a vis other European economies.In general, if EMU member states have similar economic structures and economic problems, then the costs will be low, because a common EMU economic policy suit every country's individual needs.If this is not the case, then the costs of a common currency will be high.  Estonia's participation in euro area requires a fulfilment of the Maastricht convergnece criteria on interest rate, exchange rate, price stability as well as public debt.In respect of the government deficit and debt, succesfull economic reform and accompanying economic growth have created a situation wherein Estonia's debt burden is relatively small and the Estonian government can easily borrow money from international markets. Regarding to price stability, inflation rate in Estonia is still considerably above the level of Western European countries.Also, long-term interest rates still exceed the reference value of the EMU criterion.Finally, the criterion of exchange rate stability can be considered to be essentially fulfilled in Estonia because the kroon has already for five years been pegged to the Deutschemark, one of the most stable currencies in Europe.  If Estonia remains outside the official euro area after accession, the EMU will still have an enormous impact on its economic and monetary policies.For Estonia, as well as for all new member states, the pursuit of strict macroeconomic and fiscal policies is of essential importance.  Keywords:Estonia, EMU, EU, integration, enlargement, monetary policy .
Sacred economics : money, gift, & society in the age of transition
STANDARD CATALOG OF WORLD COINS
Standard catalog of world coins. 2008 : 2001-date
Economic impact of museums
Catalogue Euro : coins and banknotes 2015.
Dollarization and monetary policy in Russia
Standard catalog of world coins 1801-1900 : [world coin listings and value guide]
Catalogue Euro : coins and banknotes 2013.
Identifying Roman coins : a practical guide to the identification of site finds in Britain
Dictionary of coin names
Coins of the Macedonians
THE PHENOMENON “MONEY LAUNDERING” : Whose money is dirty and what are the effects?
E-business as a distributional strategy : case: Veikkaus Oy
Euro area inflation has long been below the European Central Bank's objective for price stability and has continued to slow in recent months. This has given rise to heightened concerns that the euro area could soon be facing a prolonged period of deflation, as recently in Japan. The case of the United States shows, however, that the Japanese experience can be avoided. The key would seem to be the anchoring of inflation expectations. In the euro area, new measures of monetary accommodation have contributed to reducing the risk of Japanese-style deflation.
Financial sector reforms in Pakistan and a test for McKinnon and Shaw's transmission mechanism: 'Lessons from the last decade'
Monetary financial institutions : annual review
Consumer India : inside the Indian mind and wallet
Recovery hinges on export markets
Celtic coinage : Britian and beyond
The natural rate of interest : a useful but uncertain indicator for the economy
Crowdfunding as a customer engagement channel
Voting rules and budget allocation in an enlarged EU
Japan's policy of actively stimulating the economy has been dubbed Abenomics, after Shinzo Abe, who was elected as prime minister a little over a year ago. The main objective of Abenomics is to bring Japan on to a permanent growth trajectory and leave behind the prolonged deflationary spiral. The Bank of Japan has set a 2% inflation target, which it supports with a monetary policy of zero interest rates and quantitative easing. Both recorded inflation and consumers' and market inflation expectations have firmed up in recent months. It is, however, unclear to what extent the current performance of the Japanese economy is a consequence of the policies pursued and whether the changes will be permanent..
Russian Monetary Policy Since January 1992
Suomi - Finland : [rahaluettelo]. 4, Rahat - Mynt - Coins 1864- ; Setelit - Sedlar - Banknotes 1811-
The man who knew : the life and times of Alan Greenspan
Money and Banking Statistics : annual review
Standard catalog of world coins. 2003 : 1901-present
Socio-cultural contexts of gambling : a comparative study of Finland and France
Digital gold : the untold story of Bitcoin
The comparative efficiency of Baltic monetary reforms
Standard catalog of world coins. Eighteenth century : 1701-1800
Investment funds : Annual Review
Standard catalog of world paper money. Vol. 1
Coin 1988 Year book : the Complete Reference Work for All Coin Collectors
Geral'dičeskoe oformlenie rossijskih monet 1700-1917 gg. = Heraldic appearance of Russian coins 1700-1917
The coinage of the Phoenician city of Tyre in the Persian period (5th-4th cent. BCE)
Standard catalog of world coins. 1998
On money
The monetary sector under a currency board arrangement / Specification and estimation of a model with Estonian  data
Coinage in the Roman economy, 300 B.C. to A.D. 700
Byzantine coins and their values
Banking and monetary policy in Eastern Europe
Automated trading software for Foreign Exchange
Roman provincial coinage. Vol. III, Nerva, Trajan and Hadrian (AD 96-138)
How can we simultaneously maintain both price stability and financial stability in the euro area?
China's inflationary pressures and their impact on inflation in euro area
Is the euro area at risk of Japanese-style deflation?
Studies on decision making under risk in the context of gambling markets
The financial crisis changed the instruments but not the objectives of monetary policy
Standard catalog of world coins 1989
The goldtreasure from the royal ship : at the Kalmar county museum
Northern museums : ancient British, Anglo-Saxon, Norman and Plantagenet coins to 1279
Abstract: The constitutional decision-making to join European Economic and Monetary Union.
Standard catalog of world coins. 1801-1900 / Colin R. Bruce II ...[et al.] ; based on the original work of Chester L. Krause and Clifford Mishler
The coin atlas : the world of coinage from its origins to the present day
From material flows to cash flows : an extension to traditional material flow modelling
Trash
Standard catalog of world paper money 1.
Treasury of the world's coins
World coin encyclopedia
Why are euro area loans to non-financial corporations growing so slowly?
Euro area set to recover
2013 standard catalog of world coins : 2001-date
2009 standard catalog of world coins 1901-2000
The short and variable lags of Russian monetary policy
Tilasto Suomen työttömyysturvasta 2006 = Statistik om arbetslöshetsskyddet i Finland = Statistical yearbook on unemployment protection in Finland
Whitman numismatic journal : a monthly magazine devoted to all phases of numismatics
Finland benefits from Eurosystem's securities purchases
Standard catalog of world coins. 1601-1700
Remittance Market of Finland: Case Study of Personal Remittance Transmission
Essays on credit contagion and shocks in banking
The mysteries collection. Vol: 4
J.w. scott`s standard coin catalogue 2.
2013 standard catalog of world coins : 1901-2000
Japan's inflation expectations as a measure of the success of Abenomics
The Forum hoard of Anglo-Aaxon coins = Il ripostiglio dell'Atrium Vestae nel Foro romano
The World encyclopedia of Coins & Coin collecting
Money : the unauthorised biography
Standard catalog of world paper money. Volume three, Modern issues 1961-2001
In spite of an accommodative monetary policy and a general economic recovery, growth of loans to non-financial corporations has remained weak in the euro area. The consistently poor growth is largely due to extensive real estate market bubbles in a few countries, which then burst as a result of the financial crisis. The amount of non-performing loans on the balance sheets of banks significantly weakens banks' ability to offer new loans..
Everything to lose
Central banks have acted forcefully to provide monetary accommodation. With little room for manoeuvre for standard interest rate policy, unconventional measures have been adopted. Committing to monetary accommodation gains importance as interest rates go down and inflation expectations increasingly deviate from the target; the expectations channel of monetary policy transmission becomes key when the aim is to raise inflation expectations and improve confidence. One example of the new monetary policy instruments is the Eurosystem's expanded asset purchase programme, which demonstrates the determination of the Governing Council to return price developments to a path in line with its price stability objective..
Structural reforms and stabilization policies in the euro area
"In Regency-era England, secrets come to light at the abandoned manor house Pembrooke Park. Will Abigail find the hidden treasure and love she seeks...or very real danger?"--
Nicobar : the biggest plate money find in the world = Världens största fynd av plåtmynt
Collecting world coins : more than a century of circulating issues, 1901- present
Standard catalog of world paper money. Volume three, Modern issues 1961-1995
A guidebook of Russian coins 1725 to 1972
The decision by the ECB Governing Council to ease monetary policy through an expanded asset purchase programme will boost demand and accelerate inflation via a number of different channels. Completion of the comprehensive assessment of banks allied to the steps taken by the ECB will improve monetary policy transmission to the real economy via bank lending. More relaxed financing conditions for non-financial corporations and the reasonable level of indebtedness in the euro area's corporate sector provide fertile ground for recovery in investment. Households' large debt-servicing costs and low net assets will sustain the pressures in many euro area countries for a reduction in debt levels and weaken household demand. Although the exceptionally accommodative monetary policy is justified in order to safeguard price stability, negative side-effects cannot be entirely ruled out. The channelling of the accommodative monetary policy into fixed investment rather than the housing market can be supported through macroprudential policy..
Impacts of agri-environmental policies on land allocation and land prices
A practical guide for doing small non-profit project
A few observations on the monetary and exchange rate policies  of transition economies
Happy money : the new science of smarter spending
Presents the author's six-week personal finance program for adults ages 20-35. Integrated with his website, where readers can use interactive charts, follow up on the latest information, and join the community, it is a hip blueprint to building wealth and financial security.
Frameworks for event fundraising in Alberta, Canada
Monetary bulletin
Turkoman figural bronze coins and their iconography. Volume 2, The Zengids
Visual Guide to Financial Markets
Standard catalog of world coins
The greatest investment advisor of the twentieth century, Benjamin Graham taught and inspired people worldwide. Graham's philosophy of "value investing" -- which shields investors from substantial error and teaches them to develop long-term strategies -- has made The Intelligent Investor the stock market bible ever since its original publication in 1949. The classic text has been annotated to update Graham's timeless wisdom for today's market conditions.
Standard catalog of world coins : 2001-date
The melody lingers on : a novel
Greek coins and their values. Vol. 2, Asia and North Africa
Medieval European coinage : with a catalogue of the coins in the Fitzwilliam Museum, Cambridge. 14, Italy, 3. South Italy, Sicily, Sardinia
Identifying monetary policy shocks via changes in volatility
The history and coinage of the Roman Imperators 49-27 BC
International financial operations : arbitrage, hedging, speculation, financing and investment
Grant information for researchers
Standard catalog of world paper money : Modern issues 1961-present
I will teach you to be rich
Standard catalog of world paper money : volume three : modern issues 1961-1997. 3
This paper assesses empirically the lag between changes in money supply and inflation in Russia during the economic transition.In line with the previous literature, we find that money supply changes affect inflation with a fairly short lag.In addition to this, we find tentative evidence for some lengthening of the lag as the transition has progressed.However, these results are not very robust, and the lags that are found to be significant are generally shorter than those found in the earlier literature. Keywords: Inflation, monetary policy, Russia .
Introducing New Currencies in the Baltic Countries
Econometric studies of public support to entrepreneurship
Voting rules and budget allocation in the enlarged EU
Parthian coins & history : the dragons against Rome
Unusual world coins
Money
Coinage is one of our key sources for the rich and fascinating history of the Hellenistic world (323-31 BC). This book provides students of the period with an up-to-date introduction to Hellenistic gold, silver and bronze coins in their cultural and economic contexts. It also offers new perspectives on four major themes in contemporary Hellenistic history: globalisation, identity, political economy and ideology. With more than 250 illustrations, and written in a lucid and accessible style, this book sheds new light on the diverse and multicultural societies of the Hellenistic world, from Alexander to Augustus. The author assumes no prior knowledge of Hellenistic history, and all Greek and Latin texts are translated throughout.
Coincraft's 1998 : standard catalogue of English & UK coins 1066 to date
Glimpses of history
Potential Use of Web 2.0 Tools in Technical Analysis of Securities
The secret of Pembrooke Park
2014 standard catalog of world coins : 2001 to date
