http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10092 SWOT analysis
SWOT analysis
THE INFLUENCE OF FOREIGN RETAIL INDUSTRY TO CHINA'S RETAIL INDUSTRY
How can Vietnam101 successfully attract visitors to its website?
Effective marketing means for small companies : Case: Ettonet Oy
A Chinese Company Entering into the Brazilian Market   : Case company: SF Express
Strategic analysis : case: Russian Cargo Service Oy
Marketing suggestions for YING KE SONG
B2C marketing plan : focusing on camera product category for Le Bao Minh Joint Stock Investment Company
Internal logistics as a part of supply chain : case : Nokia-China, Dongguang Branch
Marketing Suggestions for Sichuan Hai Dilao Catering Company, China
How to Improve the Business Achievement of Seven Stars Hotel in Nanchang
Factors influencing the success and performance of Finnish companies in Japan
Study of the benefits and disadvantages of large market share : case study Finnsementti Oy
SWOT analyses of infrastructure networks’ ownership and governance models
Optimizing the new business process : case: Adjouri: Brand consultants GmbH Finland department
Creating competitive strategy : case company: Luottotalo Fenno Oy
The Russian Internet Business : Case: Saint Petersburg Internet Cafés
Business plan for a Chinese furniture company
Entering the Chinese market - a financial feasibility study based on market factors : Jongla Ltd
The competitiveness of Finnish furniture industry in the markets of St. Petersburg
Business Plan for Establishing A Sauna Club in Lu'an, China
SWOT analysis of the Finnish Red Cross emergency response unit deployment in Kenya 2006 - 2007
Abstract:  The Russian Internet Business : Case: Saint Petersburg Internet Cafés.
How to Expand a Foreign Online Shop to Finland : Case: Trotec GmbH Co & KG
Logistic analysis of TTRX
Ultima Thule : possibilities of Koillismaa region in Finland within the UK outbound tourism market
This bachelor's thesis was commissioned by Prima Pet Premium Oy with the purpose to  find out the best metrics concerning the profitability of the company's marketing department's  operations. The objective of this study was to come out with a set of marketing  metrics, which the marketing department can use as a tool when reaching their future  goals.  The starting point of the thesis was to find out the current situation of Prima Pet Premium  Oy and its marketing department, their mission, vision, strategy, marketing channels  and future objectives. The qualitative research was conducted by collecting primary data  in the form of observation and interviews. Secondary data was collected from literature,  previous researches and Internet sources. The data was analysed using qualitative content  analysis.  Relying on theoretical background of The Balanced Scorecard, the Five Forces Model,  SWOT Analysis, strategic leadership, digital marketing and centralized marketing the  current thesis reviews the ways and methods how to choose metrics through comprehensive  strategic thinking and offers justified solutions how Prima Pet Premium Oy's  marketing department should measure their operations.  The outcome of this thesis was a Balanced Scorecard modified according to Prima Pet  Premium Oy's marketing department's strategic objectives. The Balanced Scorecard  was taken as the main theoretical guideline, since it takes into account all the aspects in  a company, including both financial and non-financial metrics. The findings suggest  that Prima Pet Premium Oy's marketing department should regularly measure their operations  in order to find out if the implemented strategy and operations are actually  working.
Using strategic analysis to develop a business : case: Prevelante
Maintaining the competitive advantage for a trading company : a case study: small-sized meat trading company
Suggestions for developing international events in Finland : Case study: SATOA Kuopio Food Festival
Forecasted merchant scenarios on surcharge implementation : company X reacting to competitive changes in the Finnish payment card industry
Establishing an association : case: HELGAlumni ry
Marketing Plan for B-to-B Customers
The importance of strategic management : A case study of H&M
Temporary recruiment industry in Eastern and Eastern Central Europe
How to export Fengyuyi nature's golden sweetener into Finland
How to improve marketing and customer relationship management of the cottage holiday business RapoJärviLoma, the target market being the residents of St. Petersburg and Moscow?
Logistics of E-commerce in the Chinese Market : Case company: Alibaba
Strategic Planning of an International Trade Intermediary : Case Woodbe Oy
SWOT analysis and general external environment for foreign firms in the Nigerian mobile telephone industry
Market Analysis for a Company in Construction Business
Marketing environment analysis for Contribyte as part of marketing planning
Analyzing the Australian wireless markets & operators : ADC Telecommunications Oy
MARKETING STRATEGY OF CHINESES DOMESTIC LUXURY BRAND  : ——Case Company: Kweichow Moutai
Investigations for a small business development in the field of hotel industry in Finland
Business plan for a european style coffee shop in Ho Chi Minh city : case: AT Ltd. Company
Case Study for Holylight(HK)
Plug in and touch
Business plan for a fashion brand : case: MW Oy
Strategy development for the expansion of warehousing business into Lithuania : case: ZAO Holding 78
The shallows: Development of Alibaba in Chinese domestic logistics system : A Case Study Based Analysis
Automation of electric vehicle and development prospects
Development Strategy of Anhui Garments Import&Export Co.Ltd
How to write a marketing plan
This product-based thesis was commissioned by the case company, communications agency Helsinki Point Oy. The main objective of this product-based thesis was to develop a strategic marketing plan for the case agency. The purpose was to create a plan which the case agency can utilize immediately to point itself in the right direction in terms of driving awareness and sales in the national and international business-to-business marketing communications market. The thesis resulted in a marketing plan which covers organizational goals, a status review, marketing strategy creation, the division of resources and a first-year marketing plan. In order to successfully complete this product-based thesis, marketing planning steps recommended by the literature were largely followed, with slight modifications in order to better fit the context in which the case agency operates. Throughout this thesis, theoretical sources which provide guidance concerning marketing planning and its specific elements are compared and contrasted. The practical information utilized throughout this thesis was gathered through primary and secondary sources. The primary data source was the CEO of the case agency and the secondary sources were gathered through literature, articles and publications online and in printed form. The product-based thesis report ends with an assessment of the resulting strategic marketing plan, a short examination of the thesis development process and suggestions to the case agency concerning future research topics.
Defining success factors for the Finnish restaurant market : case study: "Čili pica" going to Helsinki
Marketing Ostrobothnian Museum for the young
Business plan : student housing in Kirtipur, Nepal
Business plan : case: Hemma Bäst
Strategic Differentiation in Promotional Product Industry : Case: High Peak Finland Oy
A quick-and-dirty SWOT analysis on master's degree programmes conducted in English and non-English environments
Analysis of the Pork Market in China and its Opportunities
FINANCIAL SHARED SERVICES CENTER FOR CHINESE COMPANY INTERNATIONALIZING : Case company: X
FOREIGN INVESTMENT IN BAHRAIN : Case company: A Private Entrepreneur from Lithuania
Marketing measurement : the case of Prima Pet Premium Oy
Market analysis : case: ICT Center Salo Oy
The key success factors in household appliances business in St. Petersburg
SWOT analyses of infrastructure  networks’ ownership and governance  models
The Present and Future of C2B E-Commerce in China : Case KADANG
Setting a direction for Skanno's marketing planning
Entering the Chinese market : different methods of operation for a foreign company
Aim of this thesis is to analyze the operating environment of the case company. This thesis will provide techniques to competitor analysis as well as presenting a framework to measure the competitive forces influencing company's competitive environment. This thesis will also consider the company's external environment by using PEST-analysis as a framework. Techniques to analyze company's internal environment by SWOT-analysis will also be presented.  The case company, ICT Center Salo Oy, is a concentration of ICT-industry corporations in the city of Salo, in industrial area of Meriniitty right next to the city center. ICT Center Salo Oy is a limited liability company (Ltd.) founded on 10.12.2009 whose branch of business is a real estates rental and management.  It provides production premises and offices in different sizes as well as conference rooms for companies to rent.  The operating environment in Salo has changed dramatically since the foundation year of 2009 and the situation in the city can be described as poor at the moment. Salo is declared as an area of sudden structural change and this thesis studies what kind of threats and opportunities this structural change provides to the operations of one single case company within the area. Changes in the operating environment were analyzed by using PEST-analysis. As prospects for future are uncertain company's operations were compared to its competitors' operations in order to find out whether ICT Center Salo Oy has the resources to remain competitive in the future.  The result of the analysis reveals that ICT Center Salo Oy has all the required resources that are needed for success in the future but it should increase its advertising in order to attract new customers.
Marketing mix across cultures : A case study: Binh Quoi Tourist Village's wedding services to France and Japan
The Cooperation between Savonia University of Applied Sciences and West Anhui University
Disaster risk management systems analysis : a guide book
Electronic Technology in Home Medical Equipment in Chinese Market
Strategic Marketing Plan for Perfect Commodity LTD
The management bible
Development of Home Delivery Service in South Ostrobothnia
Marketing strategies for coffee franchise industry in TianJin China - analysis of "85°C Bakery Cafe"
A business-to-business strategic marketing plan for a marketing communications agency : Case agency: Helsinki Point Oy
MARKETING HIGHER EDUCATION, CASE: KyUAS MBA
Abstract: The competitiveness of Finnish furniture industry in the markets of St. Petersburg.
Marketing Analysis for New Oriental Education & Technology Group Inc.
'Finnishing' Great Britain : case: The Finnish Institute in London
Market entry plan for finnish solar energy technology : case: Suncol Oy & Germany
Business Analysis of Ming Zhu Real Estate Development Co. Ltd.
The potential market of salt room treatmentin Tianjin, China
Marketing strategies for a B2B industrial supplier : case: Company X
Implementation of RFID technology in library systems  : case study: Turku City Library
The Status and Trends Of New Power Generation technology
Marketing plan for a restaurant
SWOT analysis : idea, methodology and a practical approach
A business environment analysis : case Company X
Marketing planning for the pharmaceutical industry
Adventure Tourism in Vaasa Region : Demand for a new business
Every company must analyze their environment in order to stay on top of things in our changing world. It is essential to be aware of the environment and changes that occur in it. Anticipating changes and reacting quickly to them can also be an advantage in the market. The business environment affects what kind of marketing strategy best suits the company, and what they should take this into consideration in their operations. This thesis is a commission for a business-to-business consultancy company; it is an analysis of their business environment. The political, economic, socio-cultural and technological factors that affect their business environment are analyzed using a PEST analysis. Their strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats are also analyzed, through a SWOT analysis. A SWOT analysis is very topical at this time, with the downturn of the economy, as many companies have to reassess themselves and the external risks and opportunities that can help them overcome the current downturn. In this thesis, the investigation of the business environment is limited to PEST and SWOT analyses; the area of study is Finland. The objective of the thesis is to support Company X's marketing by giving them proposals and suggestions. It should also give them an outsider's view of the company, which should make them think about things that otherwise might not be self-evident. The analysis has been carried out by concurrently following news, publications and events, literacy, theory, investigating the different areas of the analyses and interviewing Company X personnel.  One of the most important speculations in the thesis is that Company X should develop their scenario thinking and communication, and carry out a SWOT analysis on a regular basis. When all the possibilities are known, they can better survive future challenges.
Logistics system and process in express delivery service companies
Tiivistelmä: Marketing strategies for Tecwill Oy in the Swedish market.
The main objective of this thesis was to analyse and assess the present strategies of Baltic markets leading restaurant chain "Čili pica". The intention was to evaluate the Finnish restaurant industry and its current trends. Another intention was to identify "Čili pica" perspectives and success factors for the Finnish restaurant market. The outcome of this report could afterward be offered to the potential investors in Finland and to the company itself if they would decide to expand its operations to Finland directly. Moreover the report could be useful for existing players on the market and for those who plan to start their restaurant business in Finland. The theoretical framework was based on marketing audit and strategy analysis related literature. Theoretical and empirical parts were combined for the easy following of the connection between theory and its application on practice. The study was conducted in the form of the case study with aim to prove the close connection between company  ́s current strategies and its success in the market. Although all the sources used were of secondary data i.e. theoretical models, readymade reports or researches made by trustworthy governmental and financial institutions, or by company  ́s competitors, the study can be considered as valid and reliable. Also it produced additional value as it was customised for "Čili pica". The findings indicated that restaurant  ́s success or failure depends on both internal controllable and external uncontrollable factors along the company  ́s strategies. It is important to categorise and follow those in order to determine which factors are involved into affecting certain operation fields. The key success factors for "Čili pica" include perfect management structure and professional personnel that both are capable in creating and following certain strategies. Furthermore it is important to have a strong financial base in order to invest into latest technologies that secure product or service quality and safety valuable to customers. In conclusion strategies of "Čili pica" restaurant chain are thoroughly formulated and there might be a chance for the company to find its place in the competitive Finnish market, although the company has to consider several minor aspects. In addition further detailed researches were recommended, such as analysis of Finnish market entering procedures, selection of reliable retailers and their offerings, personnel hiring requirements and choice of promotional tools.
Establishing a Small Enterprise in Varkaus and Factors behind Success  and Failure of Small Businesses
Update Promotional Suggestions for Chinese Restaurants in Kuopio : Canton Hin Ravintola
Entering the Finnish market and choosing a market entry mode for manufacturer of wooden windows : case company X
Strategic Marketing Plan for Huishang Bank in Anhui Province
New Company Survival and Development on Landscape Engineering Market in China : Case: Nanjing Yijinyuan Landscape Engineering Co. Ltd
The performance of Chinese restaurants in Turku area
Technology transfer of ZONEBOX m-commerce
European forest scorecards 1998 : report
Marketing planning : a global perspective
Information technology development needs in community pharmacies : a strategic approach
The SWOT analysis : using your strength to overcome weaknesses, using opportunities to overcome threats
Formulating a feasible business idea in Finland : case: Silta Consultancy Oy
Analyzing the macro and competitive environment of interior design shops in Helsinki
THE MARKET POTENTIAL OF SINO-FINLAND TRADING: EXPORTING FINNISH PORK TO HUBEI CHINA
SWOT analysis of the logistics process of Shun Yue Cement Company Limited
The efficiency of three-visit square surveys vs. one-visit line transects in censusing sparsely distributed birds in managed forest landscapes
HELP TOOLS AND INVESTMENT POTENTIALS OF WHEAT BUSINESS IN GHANA. CASE STUDY: OLAM,GHANA
Analyzing a packaging company : Case: 3Pack Group
Strategic Brand Management: Building a Brand   : Case Studio Tendance
Business background investigations : tools and techniques for solution driven due diligence
Marketing strategies for Tecwill Oy in the Swedish market
How can Masterkong Instant Noodle penetrate to the Finnish market
Marketing and exporting possibilities to Russia for OC-Sysem Oy products
