http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10044 Language Act
Language Act
An introduction to forensic linguistics : language in evidence
Official status as a tool of language revival? : A study of the language laws in Russia's Finno-Ugric republics
What the law says? Reflections on literal interpretation
The elements of legal style
Language, minorities and human rights
Translations of Finnish legislation
The lawyer and language
Plain English for lawyers
Europa-Glossar der Rechts- und Verwaltungssprache = European glossary of legal and administrative terminology. 27, Kraftfahrtversicherung : Deutsch und English = Motor insurance : German and English
A dictionary of the Norman or Old French language... to which are added the laws of William the Conqueror
Departures from genre norms - the case of the Starr report
Cultural, linguistic and educational rights in the Åland Islands : an analysis in international law
Law, language and legal determinacy
Law and objectivity
Making home rules for mother tongues : the legal implications of linguistic diversity in the design of autonomy regimes
The phenomenology of modern legal discourse : the juridical production and the disclosure of suffering
English for law students
The language of the law
Jowitt's dictionary of English law : second cumulative supplement to the second edition
What's a norm? : a comparative study of a Finnish statute and its English translation
...and justice for all : translating EU law with special reference to an opinion of the European Central Park
Europa-Glossar der Rechts- und Verwaltungssprache = European glossary of legal and administrative terminology. 13, Ausgewählte Begriffe des Niederlassungsrecht = Law of establishment
Jowitt's dictionary of English law : First supplement to the second edition
Drafting : its application to conveyancing and commercial documents
Does speed matter? : the impact of the EU membership incentive on rule adoption in minority language rights protection
English reading comprehension texts for law students
Linguistic evidence : language, power and strategy in the courtroom
European constitutional language
The Language of statutes : laws and their interpretation
English-Greek & Greek-English dictionary of law terms = Aggloellēniko & hellēnoaggliko leksiko nomikōn orōn
Mozley and Whiteley's law dictionary
The language situation in Finland
Ballentine's law dictionary
Writing and drafting in legal practice
Law and aesthetics
Legal writing handbook
The case of Swedish court documents
Mellinkoff's dictionary of American legal usage
Semiotics of democracy : language legislation explaining Slovakian democracy
It is hereby performed... : explorations in legal speech acts
Translation issues in language and law
A dictionary of law
Argymhellion ar gyfer Deddf newydd i'r iaith Gymraeg : adroddiad gan Fwrdd yr Iaith Gymraeg i Ysgrifennydd Gwladol Cymru... = Recommendations for a new Welsh Language Act : a report by the Welsh Language Board to the Secretary of State for Wales
Tuomioistuinsanasto = Domstolsordlista = Glossary of court terms = Glossar der Gerichtsterminologie = Vocabulaire de la justice
The legalities of legal translation : with reference to English translations of three Finnish enactments
Wörterbuch der Rechts- und Wirtschaftssprache = Dictionary of legal and commercial terms. T. 1, Englisch-Deutsch = English-German
From theory to practice : the European charter for regional or minority languages : international conference organised by the Ministry of the Interior and Kingdom Relations of the Netherlands and the Council of Europe : Noordwijkerhout (Netherlands), 30 November-1 December 2001.
Rechtssprache Englisch-Deutsch : systematischer Wortschatz mit Übersetzungsübungen und alphabetischen Registern = Legal terminology English-German : systematic and alphabetical vocabulary with translation exercises
The UN minority rights declaration
Ethnic groups and language rights
Report of the Government on the application of language legislation 2009.
The laws of Eshnunna
Law and semiotics. Vol.2
Language in the judicial process
Rhetorical strategies in legal language : discourse analysis of statutes and contracts
Old English legal language : the lexical field of theft
The Sámi language act in Norway
Legal discourse : studies in linguistics, rhetoric and legal analysis
Language on trial : the plain English guide to legal writing
Dictionary of law
The Lex Irnitana : a new Flavian municipal law
Rules versus relationships : the ethnography of legal discourse
Report of the Government on the application of language legislation 2013.
Some syntactic properties of English law language
Translation and the law
Translating LSP texts : some theoretical considerations
English reading comprehension. 1, For law students
Legal drafting in plain language
Law and language
Language Act ; Language Decree
Linguistic aspects of legislative expression
Chapters on legal English : aspects past and present of the language of the law
English for legal professionals
Swedish summary.
Stroud's Judicial dictionary of words and phrases : second cumulative supplement to the fourth edition
Researching language and the law : textual features and translation issues
Academic legal writing : law review articles, student notes, seminar papers, and getting on law review
Wörterbuch der Rechts- und Wirtschaftssprache = Dictionary of legal and commercial terms. T. 2, Deutsch-English
Stroud's Judicial dictionary of words and phrases
The protection of ethnic and linguistic minorities in Europe
Report of the Government on the application of language legislation 2006.
Legal writing
Dahl's law dictionary : French to English/English to French = Dictionnaire juridique Dahl
Rapports suisses présentés au XVIIe Congrès international de droit comparé, Utrecht, 16 au 22 juillet 2006 = : Swiss reports presented at the XVIIth International Congress of Comparative Law
The rhetoric of law
