http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10024 oil tanks
oil tanks
Clean seas guide for oil tankers
Remedial technologies for leaking underground storage tanks
Engineering geological experience from unlined excavated oil storage caverns in a precambrian rock mass in the Porvoo area, Southern Finland
Fluid flow in fractured chalk models at different wettabilities
Tanker handbook for deck officers
Effective crude oil washing
Maritime history as global history
Assessing oil spill risks in the northern Baltic Sea with Bayesian Network applications
Tankers : an introduction to the transport of oil by sea
Russian arctic pioneers
Application of RFID technology in terminal operations of an oil refinery : Neste Oil Corporation
Stena expands in ice-class tankers
Russian oil attracting Fortum
Oil Tanker safety project minimises the risk of an oil spill
Regulation of tanker oil spills
Oil transportation and terminal development in the Gulf of Finland
Skating on thick ice
This bachelor's thesis was commissioned by Neste Oil Corporation that is a leading supplier of the traffic fuels and lubricants in Finland. The aim was to do a preliminary study on the possible RFID (Radio Frequency Identification) technology application for  the Naantali's terminal. The main objective of this thesis was to improve the safety at the Naantali refinery's terminal area by using the RFID technology. The research has been limited to include only tank truck identification at the terminal area and the terminal parking lot. The challenge was to find a suitable RFID system for the demanding environment of the oil refinery. This thesis consists of the basics and operating principles of the RFID technology. Safety is a very important factor in oil refinery. The special requirements of the environment, such as possible explosive atmospheres and other safety issues have been taken into consideration in the study. Current operations at the terminal have been researched and taken into consideration when thinking about the RFID application. The recommendations for the RFID application have been made according to the requirements that have been recognized during the research. Two different system suppliers and their products have been suggested. Although, the final decision on the system can only be made after the field tests for the readers and tags. Conclusion of this research is that by implementing the RFID system the safety at the terminal can be improved and the system would also be financially and operationally beneficial to implement.
Fortum upgrades its tonnage
The Russian oil exports via the Baltic Sea : do oil shipments through the EU's inner sea bring Russia closer to the EU or bring them apart?
Growing Russian oil shipments in the Baltic Sea : strategic decision or environmental risk?
Oil on water : tankers, pirates and the rise of China
Oil transportation in the Gulf of Finland in 2020 and 2030
Assessing oil spill risks in the northern Baltic Sea with Network applications
