http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10046 instructional films
instructional films educational films
Acting in Restoration comedy
The Power filmmaking kit : make your professional movie on a next-to-nothing budget
Film : the essential study guide
Educational films : writing, directing, and producing for classroom, television, and industry
Fundamentals : the mountain bike technique video
Digital golf school : svingi
The science of energy : resources and power explained
A different journey : the puzzle behind the production
Digital golf school : lähipeli
Yoga for the inflexible
Introduction to nanotechnology : the new science of small
"Throughout its long and colorful history, Walt Disney Studios has produced scores of films designed to educate moviegoers as well as entertain them. Each of the essays in this volume focuses on a different type of Disney "edutainment" film. Together they provide the first comprehensive look at Walt Disney's ongoing mission to inform and enlighten his worldwide audience"--Provided by publisher.
Learning from Mickey, Donald and Walt : essays on Disney's edutainment films
Visual anthropology : essential method and theory
The essential baby care guide
Play golf like a pro : with Robert Karlsson and Simon Holmes
The opus : from vision to plan to perform
Discover dance : ballroom
Physics and our universe : how it all works
The animator's survival kit : animated ; Flexibility in a Walk / Disc 6.
Acting in high comedy
Opera mediagraphy : video recordings and motion pictures
Maximizing the moment - theories for the practice of editing
Report on films for the teaching of mathematics in Europe
Beyond the screen : institutions, networks and publics of early cinema
Elvytystilanne : auta heti! = Återupplivning - hjälp omedelbart! = Resuscitation needed - help immediately!
The animator's survival kit : animated ; Sneaks, Runs, and Animal Action / Disc 7.
The nature of matter : understanding the physical world
Acting in film : an actor's take on movie making
World catalogue of veterinary films and films of veterinary interest
The animator's survival kit : animated ; Working methods / Disc 3.
Johdanto polymeereihin
The information film : a report of the public library inquiry
The Hollywood curriculum : teachers and teaching in the movies
Atomic Platters : Cold War Music from The Age of Homeland Security
Acting in Shakespearean comedy
The animator's survival kit : animated ; Vibrates / Disc 11.
Europe on-screen : cinema and the teaching of history
Exploring co-creation of educational videos in an international collaborative context
Hollywood camera work : the master course in high-end blocking and staging
The following paper introduces an innovative international collaboration in teacher education held in 2014. This event, described as an educational video challenge, was organized as a 72 hour, hackathon-style educational experience in which university-level students worked together in teams to co-create educational videos. The objective of the challenge event was to encourage teacher students to explore the design and use of educational videos for use in their teaching practice. The challenge was simultaneously held at three universities in Finland, Austria and Germany and culminated in the screening of completed student-generated videos. The majority of videos produced during the event were trigger videos, while findings from a preliminary assessment conducted with participants suggest that an educational video challenge format shows promise as an effective method for enhancing skills associated with teaching through video and engaging participants in dialogue connected to practice.
Medicine's moving pictures : medicine, health, and bodies in American film and television
Acting in tragedy
The physics of history
Thermodynamics : four laws that move the universe
An undergraduate course for nonscience majors that treats the atom as a tool for revealing the quantitative history of everything--from the human diet and works of art to Earth's climate and the universe.
The engrossing history of Lithuania = Idomioji Lietuvos istorija
Cognitive therapy
Shyness and social phobia
The animator's survival kit : animated ; Overlapping Action and Weight / Disc 9.
Atomic platters : Cold War music from the golden age of homeland security
Writing for visual media
Pokeria for dummies
The animator's survival kit : animated ; Takes / Disc 10.
The animator's survival kit : animated ; Flexibility / Disc 8.
Disney during World War II : how the Walt Disney Studio contributed to victory in the war
Jack Bruce : cream of Cream
Crossing Cultures through Film
"Energy is, without a doubt, the very foundation of the universe. It's the engine that powers life and fuels the evolution of human civilization. Yet for all its importance, what energy really is and how it works remains a mystery to most non-scientists. For example: Where does most of our energy come from, and how is it sourced? How do energy technologies, both primitive and cutting-edge, generate power? How do we store energy--and will there be enough to meet our future needs? What are the pros and cons behind the forms of energy currently available to us? How might we harness potential future energy sources such as earthquakes and supervolcanoes? All too often, the answers to questions like these are bogged down in polemics and controversy. Imagine, then, how these and other questions could be discussed from a purely factual, scientific perspective. The truth is, to better put into perspective the various issues surrounding energy in the 21st century, you need to understand the essential science behind how energy works. And you need a reliable source whose focus is on giving you the facts you need to form your own educated opinions" -- provided by publisher.
The secrets of Jonathan Sperry
The impact of film : how ideas are communicated through cinema and television
Eric Clapton acoustic classics : a step-by-step breakdown of guitar and techniques
Working with men survivors of trauma and abuse
