http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10196 music culture
music culture
First published in 1989, The singing bourgeois challenges the myth that the 'Victorian parlour song' was a clear-cut genre. Derek Scott reveals the huge diversity of musical forms and styles that influenced the songs performed in middle class homes during the nineteenth century, from the assimilation of Celtic and Afro-American culture by songwriters, to the emergence of forms of sacred song performed in the home.
Why be something that you're not : Detroit hardcore 1979-1985
Japrocksampler : how the post-war Japanese blew their minds on rock'n'roll
Blissed out : the raptures of rock
This extensively revised and expanded fifth edition of Understanding Popular Music Culture provides an accessible and comprehensive introduction to the production, distribution, consumption and meaning of popular music, and the debates that surround popular culture and popular music. Reflecting the continued proliferation of popular music studies, the new music industry in a digital age, and the emergence of new stars, this new edition has been reorganized and extensively updated throughout, making for a more coherent and sequenced coverage of the field. These updates include: -two new chapters entitled 'The Real Thing': Authenticity, covers and the canon and 'Time Will Pass You By': Histories and popular memory -new case studies on artists including The Rolling Stones, Lorde, One Direction and Taylor Swift -further examples of musical texts, genres, and performers throughout including additional coverage of Electronic Dance Music -expanded coverage on the importance of the back catalogue and the box set; reality television and the music biopic -greater attention to the role and impact of the internet and digital developments in relation to production, dissemination, mediation and consumption; including the role of social network sites and streaming services -each chapter now has its own set of expanded references to facilitate further investigation.
Audiovisual media and music culture
How music works
World musics in context : a comprehensive survey of the world's major musical cultures
The tango machine : musical culture in the age of expediency
Fado resounding : affective politics and urban life
Music in motion : diversity and dialogue in Europe : study in the frame of the "ExTra! Exchange Traditions" project
Cultural codes : makings of a Black music philosophy : an interpretive history from spirituals to hip hop
Creating experiences in the experience economy
Music piracy culture in the Internet
Trapped in folklore? : studies in music and dance tradition and their contemporary transformations
Unearthing gender : folksongs of North India
Third coast : OutKast, Timbaland, and how hip-hop bacame a southern thing
Music in India : the classical traditions
Soweto blues : jazz, popular music & politics in South Africa
The half that's never been told : the real-life reggae adventures of Doctor Dread
Plucking the winds : lives of village musicians in old and new China
China with a cut : globalisation, urban youth and popular music
The new encyclopedia of Southern culture. Vol. 12, Music
Identity, intertextuality, and performance in early modern song culture
Music and German national identity
Music in Finland
Reinventing sound : music and audiovisual culture
People's church - people's music : contextualization of liturgical music in an African church
When cultures meet : rock/pop and the classical tradition
Modes of flamenco
"Samuel" Goldenberg und "Schmuyle" : Jüdisches und Antisemitisches in der russischen Musikkultur : ein internationales Symposium = Jewish and anti-Semitic elements of Russian musical culture : an international symposium
The rock snob's dictionary : an essential lexicon of rockological knowledge
This is the sound of irony : music, politics and popular culture
Creative Arts Tanzania : A Development Plan for Art in Tanzania's Music and Creative Arts Sector
Cultural relativism in acousmatic music
Social networks and music worlds
Avant-garde jazz musicians : performing 'out there'
Beats of the heart : popular music of the world
Arts and skills - source of well-being : Third International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
Bewitching Russian opera : tsarinas from state to stage
Boosting Music Exports : How could the music export office develop the exports of the independent music scene in the Czech Republic?
"The Art of Making Do in Naples offers a riveting ethnography of the lives of men seeking personal sovereignty in a shadow economy dominated by violent organized crime networks. Jason Pine's trenchant observations and his own improvised attempts at "making do" provide a fascinating look into the lives of people in the gray zones where organized crime blends into ordinary life"--
This is grime
Electric shock : from the gramophone to the iPhone - 125 Years of Pop Music
Music as culture
Divided dreamworlds? : the cultural Cold War in East and West
A potential Uralic philosophy : studies from modern cultural research on the Uralic peoples
Bluegrass odyssey : a documentary in pictures and words, 1966-86
Playing for the benefit of the band : New Orleans music culture
Music of the spheres : conference proceedings
World musics and music education : facing the issues
The art of making do in Naples
Baroque instrumental music. I, People, Instruments and the continuo
Music in the mind : the concepts of music and musician in Afghanistan
Baroque instrumental music. II, Suite, sonata and concerto
Small budget music event production process  : case: Rock n’ Flow, NPITA Club
While the divide between capitalism and communism, embodied in the image of the Iron Curtain, seemed to be as wide and definitive as any cultural rift, Giles Scott-Smith, Joes Segal, and Peter Romijn have compiled a selection of essays on how culture contributed to the blurring of ideological boundaries between the East and the West. This important and diverse volume presents fascinating insights into the tensions, rivalries, and occasional cooperation between the two blocs, with essays that represent the cutting edge of Cold War Studies and analyze aesthetic preferences and cultural phenomena as various as interior design in East and West Germany; the Soviet stance on genetics; US cultural diplomacy during and after the Cold War; and the role of popular music as the universal cultural ambassador.An illuminating and wide-ranging survey of interrelated collective dreams from both sides of the Iron Curtain, Divided Dreamworlds? has a place on the bookshelf of any modern historian.
Community music : in theory and in practice
Encyclopedia of punk music and culture
World music : a very short introduction
South African music : a century of traditions in transformation
Is there a reason for the existence of an independent Finno-Ugric musicology? : a cognitive approach to the compound nature of Finno-Ugric music cultures
Singing for the dead : the politics of indigenous revival in Mexico
Beethoven's anvil : music in mind and culture
'Between two worlds' : comparisons and explorations in oriental and western music cultures
The research presented in this volume is very recent, and the general approach is that of rethinking popular musicology: its purpose, its aims, and its methods. Contributors to the volume were asked to write something original and, at the same time, to provide an instructive example of a particular way of working and thinking. The essays have been written with a view to helping graduate students with research methodology and the application of relevant theoretical models. The team of contributors is an exceptionally strong one: it contains many of the pre-eminent academic figures involved in popular musicological research, and there is a spread of European, American, Asian, and Australasian scholars. The volume covers seven main themes: Film, Video and Multimedia; Technology and Studio Production; Gender and Sexuality; Identity and Ethnicity; Performance and Gesture; and, Reception and Scenes and The Music Industry and Globalization. "The Ashgate Research Companion" is designed to offer scholars and graduate students a comprehensive and authoritative state-of-the-art review of current research in a particular area. The companion's editor brings together a team of respected and experienced experts to write chapters on the key issues in their speciality, providing a comprehensive reference to the field.
The perfect thing : How the iPod shuffles commerce, culture and coolness
Transphonic sounds: Commercial radio music in a shared urban environment
This is a compendium of perspectives on children and their musical engagements as singers, dancers, players, and avid listeners. Contributors from around the world and a diverse array of disciplines provide an interdisciplinary enquiry into the musical lives of children in a variety of cultures, and their role as both preservers and innovators of music.
The enjoyment of music : an introduction to perceptive listening
Music and the making of middle-class culture : a comparative history of nineteenth-century Leipzig and Birmingham
Composing the party line : music and politics in early cold war Poland and East Germany
The Oxford history of western music
State composers and the red courtiers : music, ideology, and politics in the Soviet 1930s
Celtic modern : music at the global fringe
Hip-hop headphones : a scholar's critical playlist
Rock Hellsinki, Marketing Research
A history of slovak music : from the earliest times to the present
The Ashgate research companion to popular musicology
Music & culture in eighteenth-century Europe : a source book
The discursive construction of authenticity : resources, scales and polycentricity in Finnish hip hop culture
The unspoken pressure of tradition : East Asian classical musicians in western classical music
International handbook of research in arts education
The global and the local in Max Cavalera's music projects /.
Teen spirits : music and identity in media education
Crossing the bridge : Istanbulin äänet
Music, markets and consumption
Klezmer's afterlife : an ethnography of the Jewish music revival in Poland and Germany
The popularity of these domestic songs opened up opportunities to women composers, and a chapter of the book is dedicated to the discussion of women songwriters and their work. The commercial success of bourgeois song through the sale of sheet music demonstrated how music might be incorporated into a system of capitalist enterprise. Scott examines the early amateur music market and its evolution into an increasingly professionalized activity towards the end of the century.
This new updated edition features an additional chapter which provides a broad survey of music and class in London, drawing on sources that have appeared since the book's first publication. An overview of recent research is also given in a section of additional notes. The new bibliography of nineteenth-century British and American popular song is the most comprehensive of its kind and includes information on twentieth-century collections of songs, relevant periodicals, catalogues, dictionaries and indexes, as well as useful databases and internet sites.
Music and art in society
Black music of two worlds
A survey of the traditions of western music by one of the most prominent and provocative musicologists of our time, this book illuminates, through a representative sampling of masterworks, those themes, styles, and currents that give shape and direction to each musical age.
Sound effects : youth, leisure, and the politics of rock'n' roll
Waking up in New York : [a musical tour of the Big Apple]
Greek whisky : the localization of a global commodity
Encyclopedia of rap and hip hop culture
The singing bourgeois : songs of the Victorian drawing room and parlour
This volume surveys the intersection of music and nationalism by tracing its historical development and interpreting its most recent forms. Several types of music are offered as examples of how music becomes a language and agent for nationalism, such as folk music in the 19th century, and popular music in the post-World War II era. The book also looks at areas of music-making that belong to no single genre or repertory, but cross between them and between class and ideological divisions, such as national anthems, military music, nationalist tone poems and national folk-music ensembles in Eastern Europe.
Tha global cipha : hip hop culture and consciousness
Metalheads : the global brotherhood
The Oxford handbook of children's musical cultures
The anthropology of music
Is rock dead?
The use of irony in music is just beginning to be defined and critiqued, although it has been used, implied and decried by composers, performers, listeners and critics for centuries. Irony in popular music is especially worthy of study because it is pervasive, even fundamental to the music, the business of making music and the politics of messaging. Contributors to this collection address a variety of musical ironies found in the 'notes themselves,' in the text or subtext, and through performance, reception and criticism. The chapters explore the linkages between irony and the comic, the tragic, the remembered, the forgotten, the co-opted, and the resistant. From the nineteenth to twenty-first centuries, through America, Europe and Asia, this provocative range of ironies course through issues of race, religion, class, the political left and right, country, punk, hip hop, folk, rock, easy listening, opera and the technologies that make possible our pop music experience. This interdisciplinary volume creates new methodologies and applies existing theories of irony to musical works that have made a cultural or political impact through the use of this most multifaceted of devices.
Opera's second death
The ethnomusicologists' cookbook : complete meals from around the world
Children's media barometer 2010 : the use of media among 0-8-year-olds in Finland : an English summary of the original Finnish report
Music in North India : experiencing music, expressing culture
Children's perception of emotion in music : a cross-cultural study
"Social networks are critical for the creation and consumption of music. An edited collection, Social Networks and Music Worlds introduces students and scholars of music in society through the core concepts and tools of social network analysis. The collection showcases their use by sociologists, historians and musicologists examining, in turn, the punk, jazz, folk, classical music, Riot Grrrl, indie acoustic, R&B and calypso scenes. An overarching introduction is provided by leading network scholar and cultural sociologist Nick Crossley. The collection builds upon insights from canonic texts in the sociology of music, with the crucial innovation of examining musical network interaction via formal methods. With network analysis in the arts and humanities at an emergent stage, Social Networks and Music Worlds highlights its possibilities for non-scientists. Contributions hail from leading and emerging scholars who present social network graphs to represent different music worlds, locating individuals, resources and styles within them. The collection sits at the nexus of sociological, musicological and cultural studies traditions. Its range should ensure a large scholarly readership"--Provided by publisher.
Music cultures of the Pacific, The Near East and Asia
The Royal Chapel in the time of the Habsburgs : music and court ceremony in early modern European court
Troubadour travelling through centuries and continents
The New York schools of music and visual arts : John Cage, Morton Feldman, Edgard Var ese, Willem De Kooning, Jasper Johns, Robert Rauschenberg
The music of European nationalism : cultural identity and modern history
Fitzgerald and the jazz age
The relationship of poverty to music
Leadership in symphony orchestras : discursive and aesthetic practices
Children's media barometer 2011 : media use among 7-11-year-old children and their experiences on media education : an english summary of the original Finnish report
Rap music and culture
Perception of melodic complexity: a cross-cultural investigation
Prague soundscapes
Punk is dead punk is everything
Fiddling in West Africa : touching the spirit in Fulbe, Hausa, and Dagbamba cultures
Finnish American sheet music publishing
The odyssey : a northern soul time capsule : 1968-2014
Conclusion
Music cultures of the Pacific, the Near East, and Asia
Going underground : American punk 1979-1989
Introduction to the Logic of East-West Artistic Interactions
Culture clash : dread meets punk rockers
The Africanist aesthetic in global hip hop : power moves
Folk music, tourism and authenticity
Neothemi : cultural heritage and ICT, theory & practice
Questions like 'Trapped in folklore?' open up many possibilities for reflection and prompt different answers. This thematic publication with a rather provocative title discusses questions as to whether the selected musical phenomena are a fossilised form of tradition, folklore and folklorism and, as such, are trapped in a museum-like image isolated from contemporary cultural life, or whether we are looking at active events, changes, and adjustments within contemporary society.
