http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10118 fire classifications
fire classifications
Determining major fire-conductors in forest inventory
Fire load calculation of an ice breaking archipelago cruise ship
A guide to fire safety management
International Maritime Organization has determined an international safety regulation (Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea). All the ships have to fulfill the safety criteria defined in this regulation. IMO has also added an alternative method of calculating the fire load of a ship. These two regulations determine in different ways how the fire load calculation should be performed and which issues should be taken into consideration. The methods differ so that a fire load is calculated based on either released amount of energy (MJ) or weight of materials (kg). Both of these methods are valid and therefore the purpose of this thesis is to research which method is more appropriate on this example vessel. The example vessel in the thesis is an ice breaking archipelago cruise ship built in Finland, which operates in the archipelago of Sweden around the year. The thesis presents the ship̕s fire loads on certain areas (determined by classification authorities or the ship owner) and compares the results and regulation demands. Properties and suitability of different materials on ship building according to fire safety is also viewed. The thesis shows the fire load of each material used and their influence on the total sum of the fire load. Total amounts and fire loads of individual materials are determined in different ways in both regulations, and the thesis demonstrates fire load calculations in detail of one area considering both regulations. Because the calculations methods and issues taken into account are different, also the work loads differ between the two regulations. Work load using SOLAS regulations is approximately half of the work needed when using IMO regulations. The thesis presents also basic fire classification regulations in general because they have an effect on selecting materials. The materials have an effect on fire loads because they have different combustibility features. The objective was met as it was discovered that the example vessel meets the requirements according to SOLAS regulations. This thesis also shows that a fire load calculation is recommended to begin with SOLAS regulations because of the lesser work load. If the results would not meet the required criteria it would be suggested to calculate the fire loads also using IMO regulations.
