http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10100 annual rings
annual rings
Climate effect on radial growth of Pinus sylvestris at its southern and western distribution limits
Dendroclimatic studies : tree growth and climate change in northern forests
Holocene sedimentary history of annual laminations of Lake Korttajärvi, central Finland
Ring-shadows
Trees : the mechanical design
Climate change, living environment and ways of life
Reconstruction of spatial variations in summer temperatures for the last 300 years in the north of West-Siberian Plain
Initial fertilisation, when the fertilizer is supplied during the plantation, is applied to improve the competitive ability of the seedlings and hence to increase their growth and productivity; however, fertilization could also alter wood properties and timber quality. In this study, the dimensions and tree-ring parameters - width, proportion of latewood, maximum and mean density, mean earlywood and latewood density - of initially fertilized (by 14, 6 and 11 g of N, P and K per seedling, respectively) Norway spruce (Picea abies Karst.) growing in an experimental plantation in Kalsnava, Latvia (temperate climate region) were assessed. The fertilization significantly increased the dimensions of trees in long-term (ca. 17% increase of stemwood volume). The analysis of tree-ring width suggested that the duration of the effect was ca. 15 years. The maximum and latewood density were higher for the fertilized trees only in a few years. The mean and earlywood density of tree-rings were mainly similar for both treatments. Altogether, considering the one-time application of a limited amount of fertilizer, such treatment had notable and lasting effect on Norway spruce..
Tree rings and environment dendroecology
Reconstructing Palaeoenvironmental Change using stable carbon isotope variations in Pinus sylvestris from norhtern Britain
The dependence of annual ring indices on some climatic factors
[Abstract].
Evidence on Holocene temperature variations derived from pine tree rings in the subarctic area of Fennoscandia
A 2,305 year tree-ring reconstruction of mean June-July temperature deviations in the Yamal Peninsula
In 2010 IRPA-KIK organized the Tree Rings, Art, Archaeology conference. The various articles gathered in the proceedings reflect the practices of fifteen European countries. The first objective of the conference was to review the notable advances over the last ten years. The second aim, focused more on the future, was to bring together dendrochronologists and other players in the field - historians, archaeologists and art historians - to discuss the 'Good use of dendrochronology'. The articles successively explore the different facets of the dendrochronological prism.
Fast-growing hybrids of Populus L. have an increasing importance as a source of renewable energy and as industrial wood. Nevertheless, the long-term sensitivity of Populus hybrids to weather conditions and hence to possible climatic hazards in Northern Europe have been insufficiently studied, likely due to the limited age of the trees (short rotation). In this study, the climatic sensitivity of ca. 65-year-old hybrid poplars (Populus balsamifera L. × P. laurifolia Ledeb.), growing at two sites in the western part of Latvia, and ca. 55-year-old hybrid aspens (Populus tremuloides Michx. × P. tremula L.), growing in the eastern part of Latvia, have been studied using classical dendrochronological techniques. The high-frequency variation of tree-ring width (TRW) of hybrid poplar from both sites was similar, but it differed from hybrid aspen due to the diverse parental species and geographic location of the stands. Nevertheless, some common tendencies in TRW were observed for both hybrids. Climatic factors influencing TRW were generally similar for both hybrids, but their composition differed. The strength of climate-TRW relationships was similar, but the hybrid poplar was affected by a higher number of climatic factors. Hybrid poplar was sensitive to factors related to water deficit in late summer in the previous and current years. Hybrid aspen was sensitive to conditions in the year of formation of tree-ring. Both hybrids also displayed a reaction to temperature during the dormant period. The observed climate-growth relationships suggest that increasing temperatures might burden the radial growth of the studied hybrids of Populus..
Effects of early thinning regime and tree status on the radial growth and wood density of Scots pine
A slice through time : dendrochronology and precision dating
FTIR spectroscopic prediction of Klason and acid soluble lignin variation in Norway spruce cutting clones
Tree rings as indicators of ecosystem health
Relation of tree-ring width and earlywood vessel size of alien Quercus rubra L. with climatic factors in Latvia
Tracheid cross-sectional dimensions in Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) : distributions and comparison with Norway spruce (Picea abies)
Tree-ring dating and archaeology
Quantifications of dendrochronological information from contrasting microdensitometric measuring circumstances of experimental wood samples
The effect of climatic factors on wood anatomy of the alien red oak (Quercus rubra L.) growing in three experimental plantations in Latvia was assessed by classical dendrochronological techniques. Two tree-ring proxies - tree-ring width (TRW) and mean area of earlywood vessel lumen (VLA) - were studied on 33 trees. Annual variation of TRW amongst trees was similar (mean r = 0.46), but there was more individuality in VLA (mean r = 0.26); nevertheless, chronologies of both proxies had rather synchronous variation amongst the sites. Annual variation of TRW was affected by factors related to water deficit in late summer, as suggested by the negative effect of temperature and positive effect of precipitation that have intensified during the 20th century, likely due to warming. Although weather conditions during the dormant period did not directly affect TRW, temperature during the autumn-spring period has been the main climatic determinant of VLA likely via influence on overwintering and hence vigour of tree. This suggests that conductive properties of wood and hence the susceptibility to water deficit have been affected by weather conditions before the formation of tree rings. During the 20th century, sensitivity of VLA has shifted from temperature in winter to temperature in autumn likely due to climate change. Still, the positive effect of these factors suggests that warming of climate would increase VLA and hence the risk of embolism and xylem disfunction. Therefore, the importance of availability of water for growth of red oak in Latvia is increasing..
Holocene varved lake sediments as records of palaeoenvironmental change and geomagnetic palaeosecular variation in eastern Finland
Global warming and regional tree-ring growth response in the Kola peninsula, north-west Russia
Regional temperature patterns across Northern Eurasia: tree-ring reconstructions over centuries and millenia
Wood and archaeology : acts of the European Symposium held at Louvain-la-Neuve, October 1987 = Bois et archéologie : actes dy Symposium Européen tenu à Louvain-la-Neuve, Octobre 1987
Distributions of tracheid cross-sectional dimensions in different parts of Norway spruce stems
Abstract: Regression and correlation analyses show that the amount of precipitation is probably one of the most important factors controlling the growth and productivity of the pine at the Kevo Station...
Which annual rings to assess grain angles in breeding of Scots pine for improved shape stability of sawn timber?
Trees and wood in dendrochronology : morphological, anatomical, and tree-ring analytical characteristics of trees frequently used in dendrochronology
Tree rings, environment and humanity : proceedings of the international conference, Tucson, Arizona 17-21 May 1994
Carbon isotopes in tree rings of recent and subfossil Scots pines from northern Finland
Fundamentals of tree-ring research
Abstract.
Climatic evidence from stable carbon isotope data of tree rings of Scots pine from northern Finland
Holocene varved lake sediments as records of palaeoenvironmental change and geomagnetic palaeosecular variation in Eastern Finland
Effects of genetic entry and spacing on growth and wood properties in Scots pine
Effects of emissions from the nickel-copper smelter in Monchegorsk, northwestern Russia, on the radial growth of Scots pine
Tree-growth and climate relationships and denroclimatological reconstruction at the northern forest limit in Fennoscandia
Climatic influence on Scots pine growth on dry and wet soils in the central Scandinavian mountains, interpreted from tree-ring widths
Effect of initial fertilization on 34-year increment and wood properties of Norway spruce in Latvia
Divergent response of tree-ring width and maximum latewood density of Abies faxoniana to warming trends at the timberline of the western Qinling Mountains and northeastern Tibetan Plateau, China
Environmental and climatic dependences of stable isotope ratios in tree rings on different temporal scales
Inter- and intra-site 13C/12C relationships in oak
The effect of annual ring orientation and drying method on deformations, casehardening and colour of silver birch (Betula pendula) boards
Climate from tree rings
Temporal and spatial couplings between tree-ring variability and climate in Scandinavia
Wood structure and environment
Millennia-long tree-ring chronologies as records of climate variability in Finland
Climatic variations during the last 500 years in Finnish Lapland: an approach based on the tree-rings of Scots pine
Effect of climatic factors on tree-ring width of Populus hybrids in Latvia
Microfibril angle and density patterns of fertilized and irrigated Norway spruce
Effect of harvesting age on the amount and composition of wood extractives from Eucalyptus camaldulensis
Tree-ring research
Reconstruction of climate and the upper timberline dynamics since AD 745 by tree-ring data in the Polar Ural Mountains
Fusing pollen-stratigraphic and dendroclimatic proxy data to reconstruct summer temperature variability during the past 7.5 ka in subarctic Fennoscandia
Dendroclimatology : progress and prospects
Growth dynamics of conifer tree rings : images of past and future environments
Tree-ring and megafossil evidence on climatic fluctuations in Northern Fennoscandia
Climate history from tree rings in the subarctic area of Fennoscandia
Variation in structure and selected properties of Finnish birch wood : III proportion of wood elements in stems and branches in Betula pendula Roth
Tree rings : basics and applications of dendrochronology
A 7500-year pine tree-ring record from Finnish Lapland and its applications to palaeoclimatic studies
Tree rings, art, archaeology : proceedings of the conference
On the relationships of the Scots pine annual ring width and some climatic variables at the Kevo Subarctic Station
Wood quality and geometry measurements based on cross section images
Principles and methods of tree-ring analysis
Causes and consequences of past and projected Scandinavian summer temperatures, 500-2100 AD
Growth rings in tropical trees : proceedings of the joint session of IUFRO O5.05 Tree Ring Analysis and IAWA on Age and Growth Rate Determination in Tropical Trees, held on 18 May, 1988, in São Paulo, Brazil, during the IUFRO All Division 5 Conference
Climatic signals extracted from ring-width chronologies of Scots pines from the northern, middle and southern parts of the boreal forest belt in Finland
Characterisation of wood properties for improved utilisation of Norway and Scots pine
Tree-ring width (TRW) and maximum latewood density (MXD) data of Faxon fir (Abies faxoniana Rehd. et Wils.) were analyzed for five timberline sites in the western Qinling Mountains and northeastern Tibetan Plateau, to investigate their relationships to climate change, especially twentieth century warming. The cross-correlations among TRW chronologies at the low-frequency band were higher, while the higher correlations among MXD chronologies were found at the high-frequency band. Response analysis showed that the tree-ring formation of fir trees was significantly and positively affected by temperature variations, while it was also negatively affected by precipitation. The TRW series captured the warming trends and allowed detecting the recent warming in a long-term context, while the MXD series showed no upward trend. We also found the temperature sensitivity of the TRW series is unstable over space and time. The divergent response between TRW and MXD might be caused by the seasonal variations of warming trends..
Sub-Milankovitch solar forcing of past climates: mid and late Holocene perspectives
