http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10123 anthologies
anthologies
Call it a day : contemporary comics from Finland, Estonia, Hungary and Latvia : FINEST 2010-2011
The mammoth book of seriously comic fantasy
Brief encounters
The book of Cthulhu : tales inspired by H. P. Lovecraft
The mud boot wedding : and other ethnic minority stories
The New junior classics. Vol. 4, Hero tales
The quiet ear : deafness in literature
The nature of mind
The hill bachelors
British classical authors with biographical notices. Vol. 1
The second Christmas megapack : 29 modern and classic Christmas stories
Treasures of Icelandic verse
Dracula's guest : a connoisseur's collection of Victorian vampire stories
Children
After the Revolution
The mammoth book of best new science fiction. 15th annual collection
Anthology of modern Swiss literature
Celebricity
The complete short stories : volume two :/ 1954-1988
The Oxford anthology of great English poetry. Vol. 2, Blake to Heaney
Food poetry
Modern short stories : [twenty masters of the English short story]
The Granta book of the American short story
Five modern Scandinavian plays
[Greetings from Prague] : [Milan Kundera]
The West Coast experience
Introduction to modern Spanish literature : An anthology of fiction, poetry and essay
No straight lines : four decades of queer comics
The great modern poets
Yesterday's weather
From the shadow of the Northern lights. Vol. 2
Empirical knowledge : readings in contemporary epistemology
The general
A random walk in science : an anthology
English short stories : an anthology
The mammoth book of haunted house stories
Death of a Harvard man
The New junior classics. Vol. 1, Fairy tales and fables
Death's excellent vacation
Anthology of Japanese literature : from the earliest era to the mid-nineteenth century
John Creasey's crime collection 1987 : an anthology by members of the Crime Writers' Association
First thrills : high-octane stories from the hottest thriller authors
The bright wave: an tonn gheal : poetry in Irish now
Singing Finland : translations from Finnish verse
The penguin book of first world war stories
British and American classical poems : in continuation of Ludwig Herrig's "Classical authors"
History
The New junior classics. Vol. 3, Myths and legends
What we think of America
The vampire megapack : 27 modern and classic vampire stories
Short stories : Tradition and direction
With your tongue down my throat
New world
Overreachers
Philosophy : basic readings
British classical authors with biographical notices. Vol. 2
Voices from Finland : an anthology of Finlands verse and prose in English, Finnish and Swedish
21st century science fiction
The blue fairy book
The body
Jubilee : the 25th anniversary issue
V-wars : a chronicle of the vampire wars
Confessions of a middle-aged ecstasy eater
The snap revolution
Free? : stories celebrating human rights
Eye to eye - women : their words and worlds
France : [the outsider]
The complete short stories : volume one / 1944-1953
The mammoth book of best new SF. 26
Plum raindrops : and more stories about youth
Readings in modern linguistics : an anthology
Modern Irish poetry : an anthology
Other worlds
The Time is not yet ripe : Contemporary China's best writers and their stories
The werewolf megapack : 22 classic and modern tales of shape-shifters!
Mao Tse-tung : an anthology of his writings
The pilgrims
The Treasured Writings of Kahlil Gibran
The New junior classics. Vol. 6, Stories about boys and girls
The world's great thinkers. [1], Man and spirit : the speculative philosophers
It's beginning to hurt
Shards and ashes
The first science fiction megapack : 25 modern and classic science fiction tales
India! : the golden jubilee
Collins Albatross book of verse
Icelandic Poetry : (c. 870-2007)
Desert songs of the night : 1500 years of Arabic literature
Selected stories by American authors
SONGS OF THE RED FLAG
The mammoth book of best new horror. Volume ten
Necessary journeys
Where the god of love hangs out
A multitude of sins : stories
The best British short stories 2011
The best science-fiction stories
The Greek anthology. Books 1-5
London : the lives of the city
Understanding fiction
Ambition
The New junior classics. Vol. 7, The animal book
Russia : the wild east
Dark terrors. 6 : the Gollancz book of horror
The book of cats
The art of fact : a historical anthology of literary journalism
The time traveller's almanac : the ultimate treasury of time travel fiction - brought to you from the future
Introduction to modern Greek literature : An anthology of fiction, drama, and poetry
Circus Cygan
Centres of cataclysm : celebrating fifty years of Modern poetry in translation
Mischief and mistletoe
Nightmares and dreamscapes
Knowledge : readings in contemporary epistemology
Australia : [the new new world]
The complete short prose, 1929-1989
What went wrong?
The mammoth book of best new science fiction. 17th annual collection
While waiting for a war
The mammoth book of best new horror. Volume 23
Finnish literary reader
Jim Henson's the storyteller. [Volume 1]
The Mammoth book of best new science fiction. 15th annual collection
Teddies : an anthology of verse and prose
The English ghost : [spectres through time]
Reader, I murdered him : an anthology of original crime stories
A literature for politics
The Portage to San Cristobal of A.H
Federations : vast, epic, interstellar
The Penguin book of vampire stories
Anthology of Japanese literature : to the nineteenth century
The mammoth book of best new science fiction. 12th annual collection
This overheating world
Beneath the surface : creative expressions of augmented communicators / edited by Michael B. Williams and Carole Jane Krezman
Portrait of America
Naughty spanking three : a collection of twenty erotic stories
New fiction special
South and North, East and West : the Oxfam book of children's stories
Witches : wicked, wild & wonderful
Women and children first
Wild cards. Volume one
Dear dead days : fifteen stories by members of the Mystery Writers of America
Clockwork universe : Steampunk vs Aliens
Mothers
The New junior classics. Vol. 10, Poetry ; Reading guide ; Indexes
Yesterday's Weather
The Greek Anthology contains some 4,500 short Greek poems in the sparkling and diverse genre of epigram, written by more than a hundred poets and collected over many centuries. To the original collection, called The Garland (Stephanus) by its contributing editor, Meleager of Gadara (first century BCE), was added another Garland by Philip of Thessalonica (mid-first century CE) and then a Cycle by Agathias of Myrina (567/568 CE). In about 900 CE these collections (now lost) and perhaps others (also lost, by Rufinus, Diogenianus, Strato, and Palladas) were partly incorporated and arranged into fifteen books according to subject by Constantine Cephalas; most of his collection is preserved in a manuscript called the Palatine Anthology. A second manuscript, the Planudean Anthology made by Maximus Planudes in 1301, contains additional epigrams omitted by Cephalas. Outstanding among the poets are Meleager, Antipater of Sidon, Crinagoras, Palladas, Agathias, and Paulus Silentiarius. This Loeb edition of The Greek Anthology replaces the earlier edition by W. R. Paton, with a Greek text and ample notes reflecting current scholarship.
Poetry 1870 to 1914
Selection of Russian stories, reprinted from standard Russian texts, accompanied by new English translations.
Sea poetry
New Europe!
On the road again : where travel writing went next
One fallen leaf : and more miniature stories
Beasts
The book of eulogies : a collection of memorial tributes, poetry, essays and letters of condolence
THE MASQUE OF THE RED DEATH EDIT:ECCLESHARE
What young men do
Poems on the Underground
Cyberpunk : stories of hardware, software, wetware, evolution, and revolution
The complete Sherlock Holmes
Dancing with mr Darcy : stories inspired by Jane Austen and Chawton House Library
Truth + lies
The urban fantasy anthology
Birthday special
Simone Weil : an anthology
20th century Scandinavian poetry : the development of poetry in Iceland, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Finland : 1900-1950
Tempora Mutantur : 10th Anniversary Book of Kutikuti
The Oxford anthology of great English poetry. Vol. 1, Spenser to Crabbe
Anthology of Danish literature
New Oxford book of English prose
Ancient sorceries and other weird stories
Anthology of American literature. Vol. 1, Colonial through Romantic
The last place on earth
The man in the Moone : an anthology of antique science fiction and fantasy
13 chapbooks : Icelandic poetry in the 20th century
The fall of Saigon
THE OXFORD BOOK OF FRENCH VERSE. - CLARENDON
[The 'paperback magazine' of new writing]
Chestnut Street
The assassin
Boris
The dedalus book of Finnish fantasy
Childhood favourites : ten complete picture classics
Trigger warning : short fictions and disturbances
Green glass beads : a collection of poems for girls
The New junior classics. Vol. 5, Stories that never grow old
How far is forever : and more stories by woman writers
Romanian poets of our time
Language for the Eye : An Anthology of Deaf Writing & Publishing
Over there : how America sees the world
The treasury of American short stories
Greatest love poems : a comprehensive anthology of the world's finest romantic verse
Committed to memory : 100 best poems to memorize
About interpretation : from Plato to Dilthey - a hermeneutic anthology
The moons at your door
The story-teller
The ultimate book of heroic failures
Cúm : an anthology of new writing from co. Kerry
The group : pictures from previous lives
Dark terrors : the Gollancz book of horror. 6
Great Russian short stories of the twntieth century : a dual-language book = Zametšatelnyi russki korotki rasskaz dvadtsatogo veka / edited and translated by Yelena P. Francis
The sea
Death
Classic stories from around the world
Poems on the underground
The mammoth book of fantasy
The O. Henry prize stories 2013
Collected fiction
The New junior classics. Vol. 2, Stories of wonder and magic
