http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10171 calorimetry
calorimetry
Semi-micro rocking-bomb calorimeter heat of solution measurement
Differential Scanning calorimetry : an introduction for practicioners
Handbook of thermal analysis and calorimetry. Volume 1, Principles and practice
Combustion of chemical substances and the impact on the environment of the fire products : cone calorimeter experiments
Interlaboratory Proficiency Test 6/2014 : gross and net calorific values in fuels
Principles and applications of thermal analysis
Solution calorimetry
Vaporization calorimetric studies : design and testing of a vaporization calorimeter, enthalpy of vaporization measurements of members of some 1-substituted n-alkanes
Heat balance reaction calorimetry and its applications in ethylene polymerizations
Principles of thermal analysis and calorimetry
Analytical solution calorimetry
Some applications in biocalorimetry
11th Nordic Symposium on Thermal Analysis and Calorimetry : Oulu 20-22 June, 1988 : abstracts and programme
Animal and human calorimetry
Investigation of interactions between DNA and cationic polymers using isothermal titration microcalorimetry
Non-halogenated fire retardants for two component polyurethane adhesive
Thermal analysis of plastics : theory and practice
Physical biochemistry : principles and applications
Investigating the interaction between tannins and proteins by isothermal titration calorimetry
Biocalorimetry : applications of calorimetry in the biological sciences
Comprehensive handbook of calorimetry and thermal  analysis
Comparison of the national standards for the measurement of absorbed dose at [sup 60]CO gamma radiation
Handbook of thermal analysis and calorimetry. Volume 2, applications to inorganic and miscellaneous materials
Synthesis of 4,4 ́-biscyclohexylazocyclohexylmethane and its utilization as flame retardant for polyolefins
On the performance of the DELPHI hadron calorimeter
Proficiency test SYKE 6/2013 : gross and net calorific fuels
Abstract. Tertiary amines are amines with three alkyl or aryl groups attached to a nitrogen atom. There are certain tertiary amines that form commercially useful products when let to react with hydrogen peroxide. These amines usually have 12 to 18 carbon atoms in the long carbon chain and two methyl groups attached to the nitrogen atom. The types of products that form from this kind of reaction are called amino oxides. They are amines that have formed an additional covalent bond with an oxygen atom. In this thesis amine oxides were produced in a reaction calorimetric vessel. After the reaction data was evaluated, it was possible to answer the following questions about heat released during the reaction, specific heat capacity and maximum temperature of the reaction. Then, the produced amine oxides were examined by using differential scanning calorimetry to determine the properties the amine oxide has in high temperatures. The special object of interest was to see how the amine reacts and to identify the presence of water and amine in the sample. Finally, the heat release was determined to be approximately 106kJ/mol. The maximum temperature that the reaction could reach was 111.25°C on average, and therefore the adiabatic temperature rise of the reaction would be about 86.25 degrees, when assumed that 25°C is the lowest temperature for the reaction. According to the risk severity assessments table, these reactions possess a medium level of severity. From the differential scanning calorimetry signal can be said that the evaporation of the water and decomposition of the amine occur during the heating from 25°C to 250°C.
Calorimetry in food processing : analysis and design of food systems
Direct determination of the transition energies of NH[sup 4]Cl at 183.1[sup o]C and NH[sup 4]Br at 137.2[sup o]C
Catalytic synthesis and decomposition of peroxycarboxylic acids : green catalytic synthesis of green compounds
Use of calorimetry for process safety of amine oxides
Isothermal microcalorimetry studies on solid state stability of pharmaceuticals
Evolution of heat during the ageing of NaCl-KCl solid solutions
Differential scanning calorimetry : an introduction for practitioners
Differential Scanning calorimetry
Colorimetric determination of nonmetals
Microcalorimetry and its applications in pharmacy
