http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10157 supply of medicines
supply of medicines
Tietoa lääkealalta 1987 = Facts about the pharmaceutical field 1987.
The role of the pharmaceutical sector in malaria control in Ghana
Taking Health Telematics into the 21st Century
Kozier & Erb's fundamentals of nursing : concepts, process, and practice
Mental health of expatriates in Finnish enterprises in Brazil
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of mathematics for nurses
Pharmaceutical policy trends in the European Union = Euroopan unionin lääkepolitiikan linjauksia
Theme: Current developments in pharmaceutical policy and services in Finland
Public-private partnerships : managing organizational change for acquiring value creative capabilities
Pervasive and mobile sensing and computing for healthcare : technological and social issues
The surprising problem of unavailable medicines
Information technology development needs in community pharmacies : a strategic approach
Suomen lääketilasto 2010 = Finnish statistics on medicines 2010
Buprenorphine : features of abuse and methods for improving unobserved dosing in opioid substitution treatment
The development and use of patient location application
Making a healthy world : agencies, actors, and policies in international health
Summary.
Suomen lääketilasto. 2008 / Finnish statistics on medicines / National Agency for Medicines and Social Insurance Institution
eHealth of Finland : check point 2006
Suomen lääketilasto 2007 = Finnish statistics on medicines 2007
Suomen lääketilasto 2009 = Finnish statistics on medicines 2009.
National report on the drug situation in Finland 1996.
Thank you for your feedback - TABU will be further developed
Regulating pharmaceuticals in Europe : striving for efficiency, equity and quality
Medication safety officer's handbook
Philosophy of medicine : an introduction
Bioethics yearbook. Volume 2, Regional developments in bioethics: 1989-1991
Traditional healing : new science or new colonialism? : (essays in critique of medical anthropology)
Suomen lääketilasto 2009 = Finnish statistics on medicines 2009
A remedy for the problem of medicines' availability
Family doctors' journey to quality
Market analysis and business opportunity evaluation of entering Chinese medical waste treatment industry
Compulsory licensing and access to medicines in the TRIPS-compliant world : Anti-HIV drugs in Sub-Sahara Africa
Perustietoa lääkealalta = Facts about the pharmaceutical field
Suomen lääketilasto. 2007 / Finnish statistics on medicines / National Agency for Medicines and Social Insurance Institution
Choosing a holistic care approach for the elderly
Pharmacy practice
National Agency for Medicines' 10th anniversary
eHealth as a facilitator of transnational cooperation on health : a report from the interreg III B project "eHealth for regions"
Suomen lääketilasto = Finnish statistics on medicines. 2013
Suomen lääketilasto = Finnish statistics on medicines. 2012
Theme : Current developments in pharmaceutical policy and services in Finland
Suomen lääketilasto. 2009 / Finnish Medicines Agency Fimea and Social Insurance Institution
Hospital pharmacy in Finland
The perils of peace : the public health crisis in occupied Germany
History of medicine
A welfare policy patchwork : negotiating the public good times of transition / edited by Matilda Hellman, Gun Roos & Julius von Wright
Nursing care of the elderly : a literature review of nurses' challenge in pharmacotherapy of the elderly
"A valuable reference for those involved in the field of ambulatory patient care, Improving Quality in Outpatient Services offers time-tested instruction on how to create a world-class outpatient program. It supplies a high-level overview of current opportunities, national quality programs, and challenges outlining the policies, procedures, and plans required for success.Stimulating readers with a wealth of practical applications, stories, and examples, the book details the governance, medical staff, and quality structures required to create, implement, and maintain a safe and efficient outpatient program. It introduces powerful techniques for infection control, medication management, risk prevention, and the elimination of medication errors. It also: Lists mandatory policies and procedures; Contains practice drills to prepare you for real-world scenarios; Explains how to create a report card to measure quality at all levels; Includes a sample curriculum that outlines the courseware required by OSHA and other licensing and regulatory agencies. The authors address documentation and human resources factors and supply an abundance of information and resources in the appendices, including how and where to apply for certification, medical record review tools, policy and procedure checklists, and a state-by-state listing of resources available for outpatient and ambulatory programs. Explaining how to involve patients in the decision making process, the text details a proven system for evaluating quality at all levels of your organization"--Provided by publisher.
Pharmacology and medicines management for nurses
Suomen lääketilasto. 2004 / Finnish statistics on medicines / National Agency for Medicines and Social Insurance Institution
Guide to medical informatics, the Internet and telemedicine
A welfare policy patchwork : negotiating the public good times of transition
Pharmacy chains, kiosks and markets : where is the beef?
Development and application of comprehensive medication review procedure to community-dwelling elderly
Clinical textbook of dental hygiene and therapy
Suomen lääketilasto. 2007 = Finnish statistics on medicines
Assessment of telemedicine applications : an update
Medicines in health care in Finland
Suomen lääketilasto. 2008 = Finnish statistics on medicines
Networking in health care : programme and abstracts
Suomen lääketilasto = Finnish statistics on medicines. 2015
Suomen lääketilasto = Finnish statistics on medicines. 2014
Suomen lääketilasto. 2010 / Finnish Medicines Agency Fimea and Social Insurance Institution
On moral medicine : theological perspectives in medical ethics
Hope or hype : the obsession with medical advances and the high cost of false promises
Horrendous death, health, and well-being
Delivering essential medicines : [the way forward]
Economic evaluation of the value of medicines and pharmacy services : markets and methodologies
Faculty of health sciences' research day symposium 2017 : effectiveness of health care : abstracts
Community pharmacies and the needs of mobile EU citizens : a study on Finns living in Spain
Changes in the US healthcare landscape: from quantity to quality
Workplace social capital and employee health
Telemedicine applications in Finland 1996
Future of pharmacy - common process themes across three European countries
Pharmacology for health professionals
Suomen lääketilasto. 2011 / Finnish Medicines Agency Fimea and Social Insurance Institution
Accurate information on the availability of drugs ; translation: Mervi Moisander
Oral health care : pediatric, research, epidemiology and clinical practices
Coming up with this topic for the bachelor’s thesis was my own idea. However, my lecturer gave me the idea to use the current UbiPIll application and find out if anything else could be added to the application. The main aim of this thesis was to enable one to be familiar with smart phones that use Android and Google maps. In addition, it aimed at enabling one to be able to implement a computer application that can run on a real smart phone that uses Android platform. In order to achieve this, it was necessary to develop a Patient Location mobile application system. The application will be part of the Ubipill project and aimed at assisting the patients to take their medication on time especially the elderly patients. In addition, it had to assist nurses to be able to monitor their patients regularly more easily and effectively. Conducting this study involved a number of methods, materials and devices such as a computer, modem and a printer. The most fundamental one was the online reading materials that assisted in getting to know more about the UbiPill project. In the current world, mobile phones have become very important and vital devices that play major roles in the day-to-day life of human beings. This not only for the fact that they are very useful devices when it comes to communication but for the reason that they come with more and more interesting features with the advancing technology. People are changing towards making use of smart phones because they are able to assist them in doing many different things that an ordinary phone is not capable of doing. Among the things that people do with mobile phones is gaming, finding directions and remind patients to take their medication, which the basis of this research. Mobile phone manufactures have preinstalled games into the mobile phones and Google map application that assist people in finding the directions of a place.Since the development of mobile smart phones and its popularity, the integration of a computer application into a mobile application has been on the rise. These applications are developed to run on the Android mobile phone platform. This is for the fact that Android platform dominates the market of smart phones. The idea behind the application is that some patients forget to take their medication on time or even the caretakers forget to give medication to their patients. The application makes use of notifications to remind the nurses to give medication to their patients and gives them the direction to the exact location of their patients. Nevertheless, there are still possible future improvements that can be done on the application apart from the patient location. One such improvement is making the application to have the capabilities to show the exact correct medication dosage for a particular drug. The result of the study is a working application, which makes use of mobile phones to find the location of a patient that has not taken medication.
The situation in Sweden
Searching skills toolkit : finding the evidence
Suomen lääketilasto. 2006 / Finnish statistics on medicines / National Agency for Medicines and Social Insurance Institution
Erikoissairaanhoidon hoitoonpääsy vuosina 2007–2012 = Tillgången till specialiserad sjukvård åren 2007–2012 = Access to services in specialised health care in 2007–2012
Public discussion of pharmaceutical policy starts up
Social service and the art of healing
Fimea - the Finnish Medicines Agency - starts its work
THE DEVELOPMENT AND USE OF PATIENT LOCATION APPLICATION
Pharmaceuticals administration in the eye of a storm
Sociological perspectives on health, illness and health care
Health information technology in community pharmacies : a strategic approach
From policy to action ; Translation: Sari Jay
Translating foreign ideas into domestic practices : pharmaceutical policies in Laos and Vietnam
International journal of dental hygiene
Suomen lääketilasto. 2005 / Finnish statistics on medicines / National Agency for Medicines and Social Insurance Institution
Worldwide trends in self-medication
Proceedings of the Fifth World Veterinary Dental Congress, WVDC 97, held at the International Convention Centre, Birmingham, England, 1st, 2nd, 3rd April, 1997
Suomen lääketilasto 2011 = Finnish statistics on medicines 2011
Safe pharmacotherapy : national guide for pharmacotherapy in social and health care : an abbreviated version
Recent developments in pharmaceutical policy
Suomen lääketilasto = Finnish statistics on medicines 2012.
Improving quality in outpatient services
Guidelines for a professional community pharmacy in Finland
International organizations and health policies
