http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1016 cults
cults
The origin of Tara Tantra = Tibetan: Sgrol ma'i rgyud kyi byung khung gsal bar byed pa'i lo rgys gser gyi phreng ba zhes bya na
Clowns of the Hopi : traditions and delight makers
Cults : From bacchus to heaven's gate
Cult of water, stone and heavenly bodies : aqua sulis, stonehenge and music of the spheres
The Tantric body : the secret tradition of Hindu religion
Embracing the dark : the magic order of Dragon Rouge : its practice in dark magic and meaning making
Summary: The message of ornaments : luxury or necessity?.
The history and structure of Korean shamanism
The trumpet shall sound : a study of "cargo" cults in Melanesia
Cult stones of the Russian North
From polis to borders : demarcation of social and ritual space in the sanctuary of Poseidon at Kalaureia, Greece
Rogue messiahs : tales of self-proclaimed saviors
Seal Team 666
Angel : a maximum ride thriller
Kingdoms come : religion and politics in Brazil
The article focuses on the question of ancient Scandinavian cultic buildings, with particular reference to the concept Old Norse hof . I survey the semantics of this term in written sources, in poetic traditions, in the Sagas of the Icelanders and in place names. My hypothesis is that the term does not refer to a static phenomenon, but rather its meaning varies across different sources and contexts. It is therefore often difficult to apply it as a general concept, or to connect it with a specific type of archaeological find or structure, as has occasionally been the case in the archaeology of religion.
The Plague Charmer
Walking with the night : the Afro-Cuban world of Santeria
The land of Visnu : (a study on Jagannātha cult)
The nightly news
Thief : Xbox 360
Hyperion
Handbook of Nordic new religions
The Belgariad. 1, Pawn of prophecy
Dexter in the dark
Holy vikings : saints' lives in the old icelandic kings' sagas
An archaeology of ancestors : tomb cult and hero cult in early Greece
The atlas of lost cults and mystery religions : rediscover extraordinary traditions from the dawn of time
Enmerkar and the lord of Aratta : a Sumerian epic tale of Iraq and Iran
Mother cult
For every case Temperence Brennan has solved, there remain innumerable unidentified bodies in her lab. Information on some of these is available online, where amateur sleuths sometimes take a stab at solving cases. One day, Tempe gets a call from Hazel "Lucky" Strike, a web sleuth who believes she's successfully connected a body in Tempe's lab to a missing persons report on an eighteen-year-old named Cora Teague. Since the bones in her lab do seem to match Cora's medical records, Tempe looks into the case, returning to the spot where the bones were originally found. What seems at first to be an isolated tragedy takes on a more sinister cast as Tempe uncovers two more sets of bones nearby. When she then learns that the area is known as a viewing point for a famous unexplained light phenomenon with significance for a local cult, Tempe's suspicious turn to murder by ritual sacrifice -- a theory thrown into question when Hazel herself turns up dead. Still reeling from her mother's diagnosis and the shock of Andrew Ryan's potentially life-change proposal, Tempe races to solve the murders before the body count climbs further / WorldCat.
Serpent worship in ancient India
The 'bear ceremonial' and bear rituals among the Khanty and the Sami
Rituals of death and dying in modern and ancient Greece : writing history from a female perspective
Apocalyptic trajectories : millenarianism and violence in the contemporary world
The grave as a doorway to the other world : architectural religious symbolism in Iron Age graves in Scandinavia
The fall of Hyperion
The annunciation of Francesca Dunn
The case of the missing statue : a historical and literary study of the Stalin monument in Prague
The boys who saved the world
The cult of Jagannatha and the regional tradition of Orissa
Secrets, gossip, and gods : the transformation of Brazilian Candomblé
Regional cults and traditions : an interacting pattern of divinity and humanity in rural Bengal
The Melanesian cargo cult : milleniarism as a factor in cultural change
Voodoo truth and ffantasy
Map of bones : a Sigma Force novel
Published in 1937, twelve years before Orwell's 1984, Swastika Night projects a totally male-controlled fascist world that has eliminated women as we know them. Women are breeders, kept as cattle, while men in this post-Hitlerian world are embittered automatons, fearful of all feelings, having abolished all history, education, creativity, books, and art. The plot centers on a misfit who asks, “How could this have happened?”
Thirteen
False hearts
Tantra : the Indian cult of ecstasy
Thief : PlayStation 3
The other gods who are : studies in Elamite-Iranian acculturation based on the Persepolis fortification texts
Handling serpents : pastor Jimmy Morrow's narrative history of his Appalachian Jesus' name tradition
Females as cult functionaries or ritual specialists in the Germanic Iron Age?
The sacred law of Andania : a new text with commentary
Cults and new religious movements : a reader
Nirvana and the sound of Seattle
La dea delle sorgenti di Foce Sarno : Mefitis e il Lucus Iunonis = The goddess of the Foce di Sarno springs : Mefitis and the Lucus Iunonis
The imperial cult in the Latin West : studies in the ruler cult of the western provinces of the Roman Empire. Vol. 2, 1
The cultic origins of Christianity : the dynamics of religious development
Encyclopedia of new Religious movements
Kiss of evil
Down among the dead men
In a post-apocalyptic world, a sect of sun worshippers lives in a closed island community. Toby and Ayla have to infiltrate their temple to retrieve the equipment their ships need. Putting themselves forward to be chosen as the Sun and the Moon at the annual festival, Toby and Ayla discover that they cannot fail - the price of losing is the loss of their tongues. But there are other young couples who are equally desperate to win. The couples are pitted against each other in a series of challenges, including days without sleep, hours sitting in the blistering sun, and a deadly maze.
Sumerian mythology : a study of spiritual and literary achievement in the third millenium B. C.
The followers
The land across
Age of blood
The cult of the cat
Through camps to Great Mother : nazi camps and temple sites
Ultimate stealth : triple pack : PlayStation 3
During the last twenty years, the category 'grave' has been the subject of increasing debate in Swedish archaeology. It has been recognized that monuments commonly regarded as graves are sometimes also found in cultic contexts other than those associated with death and burial. In many cases, for instance, monuments similar to graves have been erected at cult sites, and seem to have been used in sacrificial practices rather than for burials. According to archaeological, textual and onomastic sources, it was common practice in Old Norse religion to suspend sacrificial victims from trees of from upraised posts, or to deposit offerings at the base of sacred rocks and boulders. In all these cases, the trees, posts and boulders seem to be representation of the World Axis, depicted in cosmological myths as a Cosmic Tree, Pillar or Mountain. I argue that these various representations of the World Axis are also incorporated in the architectonic symbolism of several forms of grave monuments in pre-Christian Scandinavia. The architectonic shape of these monuments could thus be used in several different contexts, since they represented a 'Cosmic Center' and a 'doorway' to the Other World.
Cemetery dance
Nova religio : the journal of alternative and emergent religions
Emperors and the Divine – Rome and its Influence
Garion the farm boy did not believe in magic dooms, but then he did not know that soon he would be on a quest of unparalleled magic and danger when the dread evil God Torak was reawakened.
Mythes et religions scandinaves
Queering creole spiritual traditions : lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender participation in African-inspired traditions in the Americas
Encyclopedic handbook of cults in America
Saint Odd : an Odd Thomas novel
The dead tossed waves
Contemporary pagan and native faith movements in Europe : colonialist and nationalist impulses
The dark light
Dead Elvis : A chronicle of a cultural obsession
Imperial saint : the cult of St. Catherine and the dawn of female rule in Russia
The quiddity of Will Self
Ufo religion : inside flying saucer cults and culture
Cahokia : a world renewal cult heterarchy
Let the games begin
The tyrant-slayers of Kritios and Nesiotes
Dragon cults and nymfi drakaina in IGUR 974.
Road belong Cargo : a study of the Cargo movement in the southern Madang district New Guinea
A fear of dark water
1361. Porlock Weir, Exmoor. Thirteen years after the Great Pestilence, plague strikes England for the second time. Sara, a packhorse man's wife, remembers the horror all too well and fears for safety of her children. Only a dark-haired stranger offers help, but at a price that no one will pay... A human life.
The serpent cult
The hanging girl : a Department Q thriller
Peloponnesian Sanctuaries and Cults : proceedings of the Ninth International Symposium at the Swedish Institute in Athens, 11-13 June, 1994
The ancient curse
Cults of Glorantha. Volume 1
Sumerian mythology. a study of spiritual and literary achievement in the third millenium B. C.
“I was a soldier in Kosovo”: Discourses of war in James Blunt's early musical career
The Sion revelation : the truth about the guardians of Christs's sacred bloodline
Cult and countercult : a study of a spiritual growth group and a witchcraft order
The bone clocks
Social change in Melanesia : development and history
Abstract: Nkondi : a Case Study in Ethnographic Conservation. The purpose of this study was to find conservation methods and treatments suitable for an nkondi nail fetish that originates from the Congo region in Africa. This ethnographic object is on display at the permanent exhibition in the Helinä Rautavaara museum. The main problem is the extensive corrosion of the iron parts. This thesis is a combination of ethnography, artefact research, and conservation. Thesis also deals with the complexity of ethnographic conservation and its special role in the field. The object was documented thoroughly with photographs, drawings, and x-rays. Sizeable amount of material analyses were done and the condition of the object was mapped out carefully. Conservation treatments, procedures, and materials were explained and described thoroughly. After the conservation treatments the object is more stable chemically and structurally, and aesthetically the looks are more pleasing. The treatments keep the object from deteriorating further, thus helping it to survive longer. Conservation of an ethnographic object is an intricate process. It involves a lot of discussion about the ethics and other special issues. It is daunting task for a conservator, especially when encountering them for the first time.
The Belgariad. 3, Magician's gambit
The cult of Silvanus in the Roman world
The inscribed text referred to as the sacred law of Andania contains almost 200 lines of regulations about a mystery festival and the sanctuary in which it took place. Although it concerns one annual festival in Messenia, it imparts information relevant to the general nature of sanctuary activity and the issues that were important in the routine management of cult. This book contributes to the recent shift in scholarship that has sought to view sanctuaries as more than simply settings for temples, but as locations created and affected by people's various needs, activities, and agendas. This examination of the inscription includes a new and accurate edition of its text with full critical apparatus, an English translation, and copious images of the stone. The accompanying introduction and commentary incorporate literary and epigraphical comparanda and on-site topographical research to present a holistic view of the cultic regulations in their historical and geographical context.
Larson's new book of cults
And man created God : kings, cults and conquests at the time of Jesus
Triumph : life after the cult : a survivor's lessons
The great plague of Athens that began in 430 BCE had an enormous effect on the imagination of its literary artists and on the social imagination of the city as a whole. In this book, Professor Mitchell-Boyask studies the impact of the plague on Athenian tragedy early in the 420s and argues for a significant relationship between drama and the development of the cult of the healing god Asclepius in the next decade, during a period of war and increasing civic strife. The Athenian decision to locate their temple for Asclepius adjacent to the Theater of Dionysus arose from deeper associations between drama, healing and the polis that were engaged actively by the crisis of the plague. The book also considers the representation of the plague in Thucydides' History as well as the metaphors generated by that representation which recur later in the same work.
Cargo cult : strange stories of desire from Melanesia and beyond
The Kachina and the White man : the influences of White culture on the Hopi Kachina cult
Interpreting early Hellenistic religion : a study based on the cult of Isis and the mystery cult of Demeter
Nkondi: A Case Study in Ethnographic Conservation
The Roman cult of salus
This article focuses on three interrelated themes in the study of ancient Greek religion, looked at through the mateiral evidence from the sanctuary of Poseidon at Kalaureia on the island of Poros, Greece. First, I look at the so-called polis model and its applicability to an interpretation of Kalaureian material related to the cultic life of the sanctuary from the point of view of the 'historiography' of Greek religion. I then discuss the historical context of the archaeological material, with particular emphasis on the topic of the sanctuary as a known place of asylum particularly during the Hellenistic period. Thirdy, I examine the archaeological material related to eating and dining and its potential connections to the demarcation between sacred and profane activities and between sacralised and profane space in the sanctuary, with special interpretative attention to the significance of border(s) and boundaries. Drawing attention to these issues may help us understand the dynamics and interplay between 'official' and 'private' aspects of ancient Greek religion, within both the tradition of the scholarship of ancient Greek religion and the so-called 'archaeology of cult'.
The question of ancient Scandinavian cultic buildings : with particular reference to Old Norse hof
Phoenix burning
Combating cult mind control
The imperial cult in the Latin West : studies in the ruler cult of the western provinces of the Roman Empire. Vol. 2, 2
A study of the cult site of Foce Sarno in the light of a new interpretation of a fresco painted in a Pompeian lararium known as the Sarno Lararium, along with archaeological materials related to a votive deposit discovered in 1965 and still unpublished, the archaeological evidence in the sacred area of Foce Sarno, and primary sources.
Two formerly conjoined sisters are ensnared in a murderous plot involving psychoactive drugs, shared dreaming, organized crime, and a sinister cult.
The cathedral of known things
The veil
The term "sacrifice" belies what is a complex and varied transhistorical and transcultural phenomenon. Bringing together scholars from such diverse fields as anthropology, archaeology, epigraphy, literature, and theology, Diversity of Sacrifice explores sacrificial practices across a range of contexts from prehistory to the present. Incorporating theory, material culture, and textual evidence, the volume seeks to consider new and divergent data related to contexts of sacrifice that can help broaden our field of vision while raising new questions. The essays contributed here move beyond reductive and simple explanations to explore complex areas of social interaction. Sacrifice plays a key role in the overlapping sacred and secular spheres for a number of societies in the past and present. How religious beliefs and practices can be integral parts of life on individual and community levels is of fundamental importance to understanding the past and present. In addition to aiding scholarly research, Diversity of Sacrifice enables students to explore this rich theme across Europe and the Mediterranean with clear discussions of theory and data.
Reign of evil
Attis : between myth and history : king, priest and god
Shōtoku : ethnicity, ritual, and violence in the Japanese Buddhist tradition
The girls : a novel
Diversity of Sacrifice : form and function of sacrificial practices in the ancient world and beyond
bear rituals found among the southern Khanty (about 1900) and the southern Sami (about 1750).
Tantra : the erotic cult
The imperial cult in the Latin West : studies in the ruler cult of the western provinces of the Roman Empire. Vol. 1, 1-2
International perspectives on pilgrimage studies : itineraries, gaps, and obstacles
This article reviews women of Germanic tribes mentioned in early Greek and Latin sources that have, in the past, been interpreted as cult functionaries or even 'priestesses'. Each case is presented and it is shown that although these women may have connections with the  supernatural, with prophecy and even had political influence, there is no reason to presume they are associated with a particular cult or a formal role in any cult.
Revealing the Green Man : the restoration of the oldest religion on planet Earth
The rhetoric of religious cults : terms of use and abuse
The secret world of cults : from ancient druids to Heaven's gate
Priests and cults in the Book of the Twelve
Plague and the Athenian imagination : drama, history and the cult of Asclepius
The innocent
Cults : the battle for God
Paul, Artemis and the Jews in Ephesus
Cult as a genre? : features of cult in Quentin Tarantinoś Reservoir dogs : an example
The language of bees
The bluesman : the musical heritage of black men and women in the Americas
Living with the gods
Speaking in bones
Speaking in bones : a novel
The girls
The night villa
Archilochos Heros : the hero cult of poets in the Greek polis
The dead-tossed waves
The hero in America : a chronicle of hero-worship
The apse, the image and the icon : an historical perspective of the apse as a space for images
Cult and Koinon in Hellenistic Thessaly
Thief : PlayStation 4
The Tyrant-slayers of Kritios and Nesiotes
Everyday spirits and medical interventions : ethnographic and historical notes on therapeutic conventions in Zanzibar Town
Cultic revelations : studies in modern historical cult personalities and phenomena
Hestia: hearth, goddness, and cult
Nkondi : a case study in ethnographic conservation
To walk the night
The cat in ancient Egypt
Melanesian cargo cults : new salvation movements in the south Pacific
Vivian versus the Apocalypse
This volume deals with the figure of Attis. The work aims to reconsider the mythical and cultic information about this character, trying to provide proof of the processes of "construction" and "reconstruction" that have contributed to the moulding of the different forms of Attis that developed as a result of various demands within different religious traditions. After an introduction about the history of the studies, the first part examines the oldest evidence on Attis, resorting to comparison with religious traditions earlier than or contemporary with Phrygian culture. The second part tackles the classical world and collects the elements of continuity and of innovation in respect of Asianic religious traditions. The third part analyses the problem of the processes of reinterpretation of the traditional cults that both the "pagan" philosophers and the fathers of the Church effected. The link between Attis and Death is discussed in the fourth part.
The goddesses and gods of Old Europe 6500-3500 BC : myths and cult images
Lectures on the religion of the Semites
The discovery of the Mnesiepes inscription on Paros revealed the third century B.C. belief that the young Archilochos was transformed into a poet by an encounter with the Muses. It also revealed that the poet had become the object of a cult by his fellow islanders as he was transformed in death to a local hero. This is the first attempt to trace the history of this cult from the late sixth century B.C. to the third century A.D.. The author also integrates the iconography of the poet into the history of this cult, and addresses for the first time the larger phenomenon of the cult of poets in the Greek states. This study provides appendices giving sources of information for these cults, including the text of the Mnesiepes inscription. It is illustrated by in-text figures and plates.
