http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10149 investment services
investment services
The devil's derivatives : the untold story of the slick traders and hapless regulators who almost blew up Wall Street
International business law : text, cases, and readings
Investment promotion through service modularisation
The role of service characteristics in service innovations
The future of banking services
The service hub concept in human services planning
Marketing communication strategy for investment consultation company
Is India emerging as a global economic powerhouse equal to  China?
To financial advisors who ask, “Who has the time and money for marketing?” the authors have an important piece of advice: Treat your practice like a small business, or you will be put out of business. In an economy in flux, prospective clients are hesitant to put their financial future in the hands of just anyone. This is where Marketing for Financial Advisors comes in. The definitive marketing book designed specifically for financial advisors, it provides all the basic marketing skills you need to attract high-net-worth clients quicker and in greater numbers than ever. Putting the authors’ proven techniques to use, you can immediately build your client base by: Establishing brand and reputational awareness Developing a differentiated value proposition Creating a “word-of-mouth” army Understanding your clients’ psychology Focusing on a niche segment of clients Building a sophisticated marketing campaign Writing an effective marketing plan Determining the ROI of your marketing spend Faculty members of the Wharton School’s marketing department, the authors base much of their advice on a study of more than 800 financial advisors. Throughout the text, proven marketing approaches are combined with real-world insights from these successful advisors. Marketing for Financial Advisors opens the door to an entirely new perspective on your business. You will begin to view yourself as an entrepreneur and understand that an investment in marketing is an investment in the future of your business. Whether you already run a successful financial advisory firm or plan to start one, you must build customer relationships through marketing if you want to survive and profit for years to come. Take your first steps as a small-business entrepreneur using Marketing for Financial Advisors as your guide.
Operations risk : managing a key component of operational risk under Basel II
India has frequently been referred to as the country with the largest economic growth potential in the world after China.Many commentators seem to think its role in the world economy is already comparable to that of China.However, a closer look at merchandise trade, market share developments, and foreign investment figures reveals that India is still far behind China as far as international influence is concerned.An interesting exception is services trade, where India already plays an important global role due to recent fast growth of offshore outsourcing.Despite of the vitality of this sector, its weight in the Indian as well as in the global economy is relatively small.In general, India's economy and economic policy are still relatively inward looking and it seems unlikely that India will become a major driver of the world economy in the current decade.However, depending on India's economic policy and reforms, the situation in the next decade may already be quite different. Key words: India, China, economic growth, economic policy, foreign trade .
Business models of online brokers - an overview of the Finnish market
Marketing financial services
Customer satisfaction research : case: Alexandria Pankkiiriliike Oyj
A wealth manager's guide to structured products
Behavioural finance for private banking
Branch libraries and discrete collections : a SPEC kit
Abstract.
Investment services in Sampo Bank Oyj Pieksämäki branch
Investment service companies
Marketing for financial advisors : build your business, bring in clients, and establish your brand
Blue blood and mutiny : the fight for the soul of Morgan Stanley
Business model analysis in asset management : the case JRS Finanzmandate Gmbh
Hospitality management. Volume IV. Management Hospitality's tangible resources - operations, assets and finance
Principles of banking
High net worth investing : how to grow your wealth through practical asset allocation
The Devil's derivatives : the untold story of the slick traders and hapless regulators who almost blew up Wall Street ... and are ready to do it again
Internal market : current status 1 July 1994. Vol. 1, A common market for services
Pillaged! How they are looting £413 million a day from your savings and pensions ... and what do do about it
Wealth management : private banking, investment decisions and structured financial products
The electronic commerce directive and the conflict of laws. The case of investment services
Corporate governance
Hospitality management. Volume III. The management of people and service in hospitality
The failure of Wall Street : how and why Wall Street fails - and what can be done about it
The globalization of tourism and hospitality : a strategic perspective
This thesis was commissioned by a Finnish banking company, Alexandria Pankkiiriliike Oyj. The aim of the research was to find out the customer satisfaction level among the customers who had not closed a deal in a meeting. The aim was also to find out the level of proficiency of Alexandria's financial advisors and how the service quality and the selling process could be improved. The theoretical framework of the research was formed on the basis of literature related to customer satisfaction and service quality. The central concepts were customer satisfaction, perceived service quality and selling process. The empirical part of the research was conducted as a qualitative research supplemented by some typical features of quantitative research in order to gain all the information needed. The research method was chosen to be phone interviews. The target group of thirty persons was being selected from the customer's who had visited Alexandria's office in Helsinki between 1.11.-31.12-2009 and 15.2.-15.4.2010 but had not closed a deal in the meeting. There were also some other criteria that had to be met, such as the monthly income and the ability to save at least a certain amount of money monthly. Alexandria provided their data base to be used to find the contact and back ground information of the customers. A total of thirty interviews were conducted, but one needed to be disqualified since the respondent refused to answer to one section of the research questionnaire. The research findings in general revealed that the customer satisfaction level at Alexandria Banking Company is relatively high. This is because all the interviewees had not closed the deal and it could have been expected that more unsatisfied customers had been found. It seems that Alexandria's main concern does not lie in its advisors' competence level or in one larger area but in many small things. The main processes of the company seem to be working well, but it would be wise to consider the suggested small details in the selling process to gain even a better customer satisfaction level.
