http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10104 mountings
mountings
The oriental mounts from Birka's Garrison : an expression of warrior rank and status
Recent labour policy studies [1996]
ORP2 is a sterol receptor that regulates cellular lipid metabolism
Her name was Henrietta Lacks, but scientists know her as HeLa. She was a poor Southern tobacco farmer, yet her cells--taken without her knowledge--became one of the most important tools in medicine. The first "immortal" human cells grown in culture, they are still alive today, though she has been dead for more than sixty years. HeLa cells were vital for developing the polio vaccine; uncovered secrets of cancer and viruses; helped lead to in vitro fertilization, cloning, and gene mapping; and have been bought and sold by the billions. Yet Henrietta Lacks is buried in an unmarked grave. Her family did not learn of her "immortality" until more than twenty years after her death, when scientists began using her husband and children in research without informed consent. The story of the Lacks family is inextricably connected to the dark history of experimentation on African Americans, the birth of bioethics, and the legal battles over whether we control the stuff we are made of. --From publisher description.
Lethal elegance : the art of samurai sword fittings
Woodwork : the complete step-by-step manual
Broken cross
The immortal life of Henrietta Lacks
Finnish children's and youth books VIII
Children's and youth books which received recognition, 2008-2009
Mass-spectrometric analysis of glycerophospholipid metabolism
Orion Prefab Hospital
Summary.
Rab8 and Rab8-interacting proteins as players in cell polarization
Role and function of c-Jun protein complex in cancer cell behavior
Tauton's complete illustrated guide to choosing and installing harware
Metabolism and translocation of aminophospholipids in mammalian cells
The CLN5 disease : protein maturation, trafficking and pathology
Traditional Korean furniture
Her name was Henrietta Lacks, but scientists know her as HeLa. She was a poor Southern tobacco farmer, yet her cells--taken without her knowledge--became one of the most important tools in medicine. The first "immortal" human cells grown in culture, they are still alive today, though she has been dead for more than sixty years. HeLa cells were vital for developing the polio vaccine; uncovered secrets of cancer and viruses; helped lead to in vitro fertilization, cloning, and gene mapping; and have been bought and sold by the billions. Yet Henrietta Lacks is buried in an unmarked grave. Her family did not learn of her "immortality" until more than twenty years after her death, when scientists began using her husband and children in research without informed consent. The story of the Lacks family is inextricably connected to the dark history of experimentation on African Americans, the birth of bioethics, and the legal battles over whether we control the stuff we are made of--From publisher description.
The Pentecostarion
Butantrone (10-butyryl dithranol) in psoriasis
Role and Function of c-Jun Protein Complex in Cancer Cell Behavior
Asunto Oy Helsingin Myllypelto : Helsinki = Housing Association Helsingin Myllypelto
Matkalla! : arkkiitehtien matkaluonnoksia = En route! :  architects' travel sketches : Suomen rakennustaiteen museo, 12.5. - 1.8.1999 = Museum of Finnish Architecture, 12 May - 1 August, 1999 / toimittajat = editors: Timo Tuomi, Kristiina Paatero
Working in wood : an introduction
