http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10199 theory of composition
theory of composition
Composing for voice : a guide for composers, singers and teachers
Medieval music in practice : studies in honor of Richard Crocker
Lydian chromatic concept of tonal organization. Vol.1, The art and science of tonal gravity
Extended just intonation is a field with infinite tonal resources, from pure major scales to Asian music to complex tunings; the resources for performing extended just intonation range from flexibly-pitched traditional instruments to specially-built acoustic instruments to computer programs. This work describes ways to begin working in microtonal music, theory of just intonation, finding and making appropriate tools for hearing tunings and creating compositions, and theoretical ideas from Arabic, Indian and Indonesian music as sources of tuning ideas. It also examines the problem of measuring pitch in Chinese speech and performances of Persian music, as well as the problem of analyzing a tablature notation system used in Harry Partch's music. It includes some examples of microtonal compositions in a number of the tuning systems examined, including American gamelan works by Lou Harrison, Daniel Schmidt and Ingram Marshall.
The jazz theory book
Materials and techniques of post-tonal music
The craft of modal counterpoint : a practical approach
The craft of musical composition. Book 2 : Exercises in two-part writing
The composer's handbook
Form and method : composing music : the Rothschild essays
How to write your first song
Inside the music
Wstep do kompozycji = Introduction to composition
The guitar player's songwriting bible
How to write songs on guitar
The great instrumental works
Tonality and atonality in 16th-century music
Sounds in space, sounds in time : Projects in listening, improvising and composing
Aspects of form, perception and performance in Stockhausen's Klavierstück V
The composer's handbook. 2
Unique music from the University of Oulu
Barokkipianisti : The baroque pianist
You can write a song : .. for musicians, composers and arrangers at any level.
Jazz arranging and composing : A linear approach
Analysis of tonal music : a Schenkerian approach
Composing the music of Africa : composition, interpretation and realisation
The craft of musical composition. Book 1 : Theoretical part
Composing music : a new approach
In the process of becoming : analytic and philosophical perspectives on form in early nineteenth-century music
Counterpoint in composition : the study of voice leading
Form and performance
Counterpoint
The musical idea and the logic, technique, and art of its presentation
Exploring microtonal tunings : a kaleidoscope of extended just tunings and their compositional applications. (Volumes I and II)
An introduction to serial composition for guitarists : With ten pieces for solo guitar
Songwriting success : how to write songs for fun and (maybe) profit : an introduction to the art and business of songwriting by one struggling singer-songwriter for the aid and comfort of other strugglers
Modal counterpoint, Renaissance style
Making Music : An Introduction to Theory
The Archive of the Sing-Akademie zu Berlin : catalogue = Das Archiv der Sing-Akademie zu Berlin : Katalog
The complete idiot's guide to music composition
The principles and practice of modal counterpoint
Conventional wisdom : the content of musical form
Composing ambiguity : the early music of Morton Feldman
The Composer and his orchestra
Coherence, counterpoint, instrumentation, instruction in form = Zusammenhang, Kontrapunkt, Instrumentation, Formenlehre
Formalised composition, on the spectral and fractal trails
The harmony of Bill Evans. Volume 1
Songwriting : the words, the music and the money
Songwriting for dummies
A chromatic approach to jazz harmony and melody
Serial composition and atonality : an introduction to the music of Schoenberg, Berg, and Webern
Introduction to post-tonal theory
Jazz arranging and composing : a linear approach
SchenkerGUIDE : a brief handbook and website for Schenkerian analysis
Music in European thought 1851-1912
Technique for composers
Creative music composition : the young composer's voice
You can write a song
How to write songs on keyboards
How to... write your first song
Bartók's style : as reflected in Sonata for two pianos and percussion and Music for strings, percussion and celesta
Mind models : new forms of musical experience
Fundamentals of musical composition
Classical form : a theory of formal functions for the instrumental music of Haydn, Mozart, and Beethoven
Melody in songwriting : tools and techniques for writing hit songs
The craft of musical composition. Book 1, Theoretical part
Music composition for dummies
Vivaldi's music for flute and recorder
The shaping forces in music : an inquiry into the nature of harmony, melody, counterpoint, form
With the Archive of the Sing-Akademie zu Berlin Catalogue a complete catalogue of the music archive of the Sing-Akademie zu Berlin is now available for the first time since the archive, which disappeared during World War II, was rediscovered in 1999. Since 2001 the more than 260,000 pages of music manuscripts, copies and first prints (from 17th to early 19th cent.) were revised by two musicologists which compiled an index of shelf marks and an index of composers. Thus detailed searches in the holdings of the archive (which were filmed since 2002 in severeal parts on microfiche at K. G. Saur) are possible for the first time. The Catalogue lists 9,735 works of 1,008 different composers. It provides also a concordance signature - microfiche and therefore serves as a cumulated guide to the microfiche editions, all the more the registers have been revised and improved. The unique collection is introduced by a number of articles by musicologists Axel Fischer, Christoph Henzel, Klaus Hortschansky, Matthias Kornemann, Ulrich Leisinger, Mary Oleskiewicz, Ralph-J. Reipsch, and Tobias Schwinger.
Melody : how to write great tunes
Joseph Riepel's Theory of metric and tonal order : phrase and form : a translation of his Anfangsgründe zur musicalischen Setzkunst, chapters 1 and 2 (1752/54, 1755)
The study of counterpoint : from Johann Joseph Fux's Gradus ad Parnassum
Provides proven techniques for songwriting success, guiding you through the shift from traditional sales to downloads and mobile music. You get basic songwriting concepts, insider tips and advice, and inspiration for writing-- and selling-- meaningful, timeless songs.
Modulation
Something borrowed something blue : principles of jazz composition
A plain and easy introduction to practical music
Reflections : interviews, scores, writings 1965-1994 = Reflexionen : Interviews, Notationen, Texte 1965-1994
Polyphony in Portugal, c. 1530-c. 1620 : sources from the monastery of Santa Cruz, Coimbra
Analysis through composition : principles of the classical style
Theory and analysis of classic heavy metal harmony
Theory of musical composition, treated with a view to a naturally consecutive arrangement of topics
Studies on the history of musical style
