http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10161 children's language
children's language
Language development : structure and function
Child language, learning and linguistics : an overview for the teaching and therapeutic professions
The language of very low birthweight 5-year-olds : a conversational analysis
The articulate mammal : an introduction to psycholinguistics
Milestones : normal speech and language development across the life span
Validity and reliability of the Swedish early communicative development inventories
Baby talk and infant speech
Dialogue in children
Questions on social explanation : Piagetian themes reconsidered : [selection of papers presented at the International conference in honour of Jean Piaget, held in Rome, 9-10 Oct. 1981... ]
Children's explanations : a psycholinguistic study
Language, structure and reproduction : an introduction to the sociology of Basil Bernstein
Folklore of Bangladesh. Vol. 1
Proceedings of the 3rd Finnish conference of neurolinguistics, Joensuu 1987
First language
The proceedings of the twenty-eight annual Child Language Research Forum
Children's vocabulary development : the role of parental input, vocabulary composition and early communicative skills
New directions in the study of language
How language comes to children : from birth to two years
Children's language. Volume 10, Developing narrative and discourse competence
Supporting language and literacy development in the early years
Developing narrative structure
The emergence of language
Exploiting children's literature in EFL teaching from the different learners' point of view : a differentiated teaching material package for fourth graders
Interaction and the development of mind
Social class, the nominal group and verbal strategies
Studies of child language development
Communicative development in Swedish children 16-28 months old : the Swedish early communicative development inventory - words and sentences
The acquisition of modal auxiliaries in the language of children
Studies on child Finnish
The birth of language : the case hsitory of a non-verbal child
English abstracts.
Learn English with Dora! : the Finnish version of Dora the Explorer as a way of teching English vocabulary
Language & literacy development in early childhood
Early communicative and language development in Swedish children : methods, results, clinical implications, and prospects for the future
The language of early childhood
Children and language : readings in early language and socialization
Second language acquisition research : issues and implications
Prometheus at the wheel : representations of road transport informatics
Language acquisition : knowledge representation and processing
Language acquisition : studies in first language development
Language and literacy acquisition in children with developmental and learning disabilities
Second language acquisition : an introductory course
Principle B, VP ellipsis, and interpretation in child grammar
Doesn't tha' understand a bit o' Yorkshire when tha' hears it? : representation of Yorkshire dialect in the secret garden and its Finnish translation
Proceedings
Children's language. Vol. 5
Characteristics of early lexical and phonological development in children acquiring Finnish
Unsupervised discovery of morphs in children's stories and their use in self-organizing map -based analysis
An introduction to child language development
Talking to adults : the contribution of multiparty discourse to language acquisition
Learning the mother tongue
A developmental-functionalist approach to child language
Becoming bilingual : language acquisition in a bilingual community
Proceedings of the Groningen Assembly on Language Acquisition : held at the University of groningen 7-9 September 1995
Child language research in ESF countries : an inventory
Notes on a mentally retarded child's word order
Bilingual and monolingual children's narration : discourse strategies and narrative styles
Language development : understanding language diversity in the classroom
Child language
Perspectives on child language
Child discourse
Child language, creolization, and historical change : Spanish in contact with Portuguese
Children's language. Volume 11
Children's language. Vol. 7
The child's path to spoken language
Rich languages from poor inputs
Language development and education : children with varying language experiences
Children's language. Vol. 9
Semantic and pragmatic language disorders
This text addresses one of the most famous and controversial arguments in the study of language and mind, the poverty of the stimulus. Internationally recognised scholars consider afresh the issues surrounding this argument and discuss its relation to the process of language acquisition.
Proceedings of the UBC international conference on phonological acquisition
Perspectives on Phonological Theory and Development : in honor of Daniel A. Dinnsen
Literacy in nursery education
Children's oral communication skills
Social order in child communication : a study in microethnography
Growing points in child language
Syntactical development of a Swedish girl Embla, between 20 and 42 months of age. Part 1, Age 20-25 mo
Speech and the development of mental processes in the child : an experimental investigation
Frequency effects in language acquisition : defining the limits of frequency as an explanatory concept
The ontogenesis of grammar : a theoretical symposium
Language and learning
The CHILDIS project: tools for analyzing talk
Child language and cognition : contemporary issues
Developmental disorders of language
Child language, aphasia and phonological universals
The language of children : evolution and development of secondary consciousness and language
Children's language. Vol. 8
The development of complex sentences : a case study of Finnish
The acquisition of finiteness
A Rickety Trolley, Virginian Wolfsnake and Yeeka: Lexical explications, wordplay and nonsense utterances in A Series of Unfortunate Events and their translation into Finnish PDF
Speech as action in the play of Swedish three-year-olds
Language learning and thought
The acquisition of language : the study of developmental psycholinguistics
Communicative development in Swedish children 8-16 months old : the Swedish early communicative development inventory - words and gestures
The acquisition of the lexicon
Handbook of child language acquisition
Proceedings, VII congress, 9.-12. august 1978, Jyväskylä, Finland
How children learn language
At the very edge of the forest : the influence of literature on storytelling by children
Language, children and society : the effect of social factors on
Discourse and meaning : papers in honor of Eva Hajičová
Bibliography of child language
Communication, language and literacy from birth to five
The language of children
Children's worlds and children's language
Language, thought and personality in infancy and childhood
The language of primary school children : Schools Council project on language development in the primary school
Language experience and early language development : from input to uptake
The CHILDES project : tools for analyzing talk. Vol. 1, Transcription format and programs
Genie : a psycholinguistic study of a modern-day "wild day"
Adventures into otherness : child metamorphs in late twentieth-century children's literature
Child language : a resource book for students
The origins and growth of communication
The crosslinguistic study of language acquisition. Vol. 2, Theoretical issues
Theoretical issues in language acquisition : continuity and change in development
Children's language at four and six : a longitudinal and multi-variable study of language abilities among children
Code-switching from Finnish into English of second and third generation Canadian Finnish teenagers : do strong Finnish cultural backgrounds and attitudes towards maintaining Finnish affect it?
Early lexical development
The crosslinguistic study of language acquisition. Vol. 3
They don't speak our language : essays on the language world of children and adolescents
The acquisition of nominal compounding in Swedish
New perspectives in early communicative development
Strömqvist's and Richtoff's corpora : a guide to longitudinal data from four Swedish children
The proceedings of the twenty-sixth Annual Child Language Research Forum
Language and the child
The secred language of your child : how children talk before they can speak
The voice of the child in American literature : linguistic approaches to fictional child language
Papers and reports on child language development
Studies on child language and aphasia : by Roman Jakobson
