http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10137 trends
trends
The popcorn report : revolutionary trend predictions for marketing in the 90s
Gay times : e-lehti
2011 - trendspotting for the next decade
Winning food service ideas : the best of Restaurants & Institutions : R&I's keys to success with the menu, the staff, the customer, and the kitchen
Promostyl the future of your creations : Autumn Winter 16/17 Trendbook sport
Tomorrow's tourist : scenarios & trends
Fads and foibles in modern sociology and related sciences
Rural tourism development in South Africa : trends and challenges
Organization theory. Vol. 2, Current trends and disciplinary reflection
Employee training in the restaurant industry
Modernising vocational education and training : fourth report on vocational training research in Europe : background report. Vol. 2
What can fashionable ideas, blind faith, or pure fantasy possibly have to do with the scientific quest to understand the universe? Surely, theoretical physicists are immune to mere trends, dogmatic beliefs, or flights of fancy? In fact, acclaimed physicist and best-selling author Roger Penrose argues that researchers working at the extreme frontiers of physics are just as susceptible to these forces as anyone else. In this provocative book, he argues that fashion, faith, and fantasy, while sometimes productive and even essential in physics, my be leading today's researchers astray in three of the field's most important areas--string theory, quantum mechanics, and cosmology.... The result is an important critique of some of the most significant developments in physics today from one of its most eminent figures.
Launching a new restaurant concept in the Tampere area : case company: Seppo Koskinen Ravintolat Oy
Vital signs 2009 : the trends that are shaping our future
Slow Tourism and Other Emerging Trends in Finland
Social media marketing in tourism and hospitality
The international hotel industry
Biobanking in the 21st century
International trends in mathematics education research
This book introduces 10 mega business trends, ranging from big data to the O2O model. By mining and analyzing mountains of data, the author identifies these 10 emerging trends and goes to great lengths to explain and support his views with up-to-date cases. By incorporating the latest developments, this book allows readers to keep abreast of rapidly advancing digital technologies and business models. In this time of mass entrepreneurship and innovation, acquiring deep insights into business trends and grasping opportunities for innovation give readers (business executives in particular) and their companies a competitive advantage and the potential to become the next success story. The Chinese version of the book has become a hit, with some business schools using it as a textbook for their S&T Innovation and Business Trends programs. It also provides business executives with a practical guide for their investment and operation decisions.
New bar and club design
Niche : why the market no longer favours the mainstream
North - South:  contrasts and connections in global tourism : 7th ATLAS International Conference -proceedings
Languages in translation : lectures on the theory, teaching and practice of translation
Jyväskylä as a congress city
Socio-demographic factors and incidence of caesarean sections in Mozambique
Tourism market trends : Europe 1980-1993 : WTO Commission for Europe : twenty-seventh meeting Madrid, Spain, 19 April 1994.
Superimpose : trend inspirations for the super youth - spring/summer 2010
Fashion, faith and fantasy in the new physics of the universe
The restaurant revolution : growth, change and strategy in the international foodservice industry 1995-2000
Trends and issues in global tourism 2011
The tipping point : how little things can make a big difference
Vanity fair (UK) : Vantaa
Leisure studies : Volume IV, research issues and agenda
Non obvious 2017 : how to think different, curate ideas & predict the future
Competitive strategies for the international hotel industry
Everything we know is wrong : the invisible trends that shape business, society and life
Finnish design - potential attraction for hotels?
Trends in drinking habits among Finnish youth from the beginning of the 1960s to the late 1970s
Home care across Europe : current structure and future challenges
Innovative Houses : concepts for sustainable living
Hospital mortality of intensive care patients in Finland : insights into prognostic factors and measuring outcomes
Wallpaper : design, interiors, fashion, art, lifestyle
Monolith ERP and current IT-trends : Creating a step by step development model (SSDM) for existing monolith ERP system to adapt to the current IT-trends
The future of service business innovation
Trends of consumer behavior now and in the future in the grocery business
Restaurant operations : trends 1973-1977
Standards and controls in food service
Foresight 20/20 : a futurist explores the trends transforming tomorrow
Real footwear trends : three paths for the future of the European footwear industry
Paper bag collection
Operation breakthrough : an approach to hotel/motel operations in 1978
Buprenorphine : features of abuse and methods for improving unobserved dosing in opioid substitution treatment
Life expectancy by labor force status and social class : recent period and cohort trends and projections for Finland
Russian security policy : research in Finland and development trends in Russia
Vanity fair : e-lehti
Tourism market trends : Africa
Roadmap for communication technologies, services and business models 2010, 2015 and beyond
Chasing youth culture and getting it right : how your business can profit by tapping today's most powerful trendsetters and tastemakers
Are we trendy?
The meaning of sunglasses : a guide to (almost) all things fashionable
Cult masterpieces : vår tids ikoner = vor tids ikoner = icons of our generation
This book provides insights into important trends and future scenarios in the global tourism and travel industry. It analyses current challenges in the aviation and hospitality industry, in destination management and in marketing and distribution management.
Vanity fair : Espoo
Gostelow report
Provider: : giving form to colour and texture
Tourism market trends : world overview & tourism topics
Economic Perspectives, Qualification and Labour Market Integration of Women in the Baltic Sea Region
Food hygiene for caterers
Current status and trends of e-business
Modern trends in B2B marketing and advertising in Finland : case: Lahden tyokalupiste-Toolpoint
Elle (UK Edition)
Problems in using foresight methods in consultancy projects : a case study conducted in a Finnish consulting company
Hospitality management : an introduction
Smarctic : a roadmap to a smart Arctic specialisation : Tekes - strategic research opening : creation of new knowledge and competences in areas of expertise that are expected to be important for businesses in the future
Tourism market trends : Europe : final edition
What's cool in China
Progress in tourism, recreation and hospitality management : volume 6
The future of Australian sport : megatrends shaping the sports sector over coming decades
Lodown : graphic engineering
One of the largest and most complex human services systems in history has evolved to address the needs of people with developmental disabilities, yet important questions remain for many professionals, administrators, and parents. What approaches to early intervention, education, therapy, and remediation really help those with autism and other developmental disabilities improve their functioning and adaptation? Alternatively, what approaches represent wastes of time, effort, and resources?Controversial Therapies for Developmental Disabilities, 2nd Edition brings together leading behavioral scientists and practitioners to shed much-needed light on the major controversies surrounding these questions. Expert authors review the origins, perpetuation, and resistance to scrutiny of questionable practices, and offer a clear rationale for appraising the quality of various services.The second edition of Controversial Therapies for Developmental Disabilities has been fully revised and updated and includes entirely new chapters on psychology fads, why applied behavioral analysis isn't a fad, rapid prompting, FAPE advocacy, BCBA practices and beliefs, and teaching ethics. The book concludes with a brief parents guide to autism treatments.
Trends in class mobility : a test of hypotheses against the european experience
A decade of i-Deas : 1980-1990 : the encyclopaedia of the '80s
The tourism and leisure industry : shaping the future
Abstract.
Challenges and trends in comparative higher education: an editorial
Recent trends in analytic philosophy
Russian security policy : research in Finland and development trends in Russia.
Risk factors for drunk driving : results from a long-term study in Uusimaa in Finland 1990-2008
Tourism market trends : Africa : final edition
Trends in Russian research on tourism
An extensive overview on the target group : divided black idea collection for H&M
Tourism : a modern synthesis
Sport tourism development
Development of low-cost carriers in Asia and the Pacific : UNWTO special report on mega-trends in Asia and the Pacific tourism
The management of hospitality
Controversial therapies for autism and intellectual disabilities : fad, fashion, and science in professional practice
Trends affecting tourism in protected areas
Trends in suicidality in Eastern Finland, 1988-1997
Concepting the hotel for tomorrow
Consistent consumer : predicting future behavior through lasting values
Trends and strategies in the arts and cultural industries : a selection of papers presented at The Long Run, an international conference on long-term developments in the arts and cultural industries, Rotterdam, February 2000 / edited by S. Janssen, M. Halbertsma, T. Ijdens and K. Ernst
World according to Concrete
In trend
Business trends in the digital era : evolution of theories and applications
Capturing Methodological Trends in Mobile Communication Studies
Supply chains' environmental requirements in China in 2025 : scenario analysis
Logistics strategy,trends and challenges in the western regions of china
Non obvious : how to think different, curate ideas & predict the future
"All together now: exploring the many faces and facets of integrated care" : recent developments in integrated care in Europe and North America, programme and abstracts
John Naisbitt's trend letter
Late-life functional capacity and health among Finnish war veterans:Veteran Project 1992 and 2004 surveys
New Moroccan style : the art of sensual living
The world of theatre : an account of the theatre seasons 1996-97, 1997-98 and 1998-99
The top technologies every librarian needs to know
Logistics strategy : trends and challenges in the western region of china
Trends and issues in global tourism 2010
Partnership in Europe : its variety, trends and dissolution : a section of a work in progress
Organization theory . Volume II , current trends and discipnary reflection
Silence before flow : trend prediction as a shared ground for a collaborative design process
Ownership and corporate governance in Finland: a review of development trends
The purpose of this thesis work was to research the possibilities to launch and sell a new bag product. The bag product must fulfill the demands of the ongoing megatrends in the world. The significant megatrends regarding the new bag product are climate change, sustainability, resource scarcity and demographic change.     A customer survey was made to research customers' behavior of using different kinds of bags while running errands. The customers' general opinion of different kinds of bags and their good properties was researched in the survey.  The price that the customers' are willing to pay for different kinds of bags was also researched.     From the results of the survey, it was found out that plastic bags are used a great deal and in many cases every time when running errands, even though the opinion of the respondent about a plastic bag would not be very positive. Whereas none of the participants of the survey claimed to use a paper bag every time when running errands. Paper bag seem to have a reputation to be weak, not to withstand rain and to be inconvenient to transport. It was also found out from the survey that people are willing to pay the same amount for a plastic bag as for a paper bag. That amount is more than the price of a plastic bag and less than a paper bag. The respondents were willing to pay more for a luxury bag product.      The thesis work contains confidential material, which has been removed from the public version of the thesis work. Key words: customer research, demographic change, megatrends, paper bag, sustainability.
Tourism market trends : Middle East
The TTG world hotels handbook
21st century hotel
Worldwide hotel industry study 1997.
Tourism of tomorrow : travel trends and forces of change
The fashion designer survival guide : start and run your own fashion business
Changes of the prevalence of adolescent mental problems during the last decade (2003-2013)
Gender differences in the occurrence, prognosis and risk factor control of cardiovascular disease
Analysing international city tourism
Consumer trends and trends delivery process for Nokia.Mobi
Food and beverage management : for the hospitality, tourism and event industries
Trends and issues in global tourism 2007
The future trends of purchasing and supply management in organisations
Wallpaper
Enterprise social networking : monitoring driving forces, trends and weak signals - the implications for the futures working environment
Consumer megatrends as drivers for policy
Trendconcepts from idea to consumer : Autumn & winter 1997/98
Observations on international tourism communications : Africa
Book 2010 : development trends in the book trade - summary
