http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10167 classicism
classicism
Kingdom of disorder : the theory of tragedy in Classical France
Architecture : a spotter's guide : ancient monuments to contemporary forms
"Through a glass darkly" : Milton's reinvention of the mythological tradition
Commerce with the classics : ancient books and Renaissance readers
Pablo Picasso at the Ateneum : masterpieces fromThe Musée National Picasso in Paris 18.9.-6.1.2010 [28.1.2010]
Norton Anthology of Western Music in two volumes. Volume 2 : Classic to Modern
Music and revolution : Verdi
Friedrich Nietzsche and Weimar classicism
Succeeding with the masters : Classical era. Volume one, A guide to practicing and performing the works of Haydn, Mozart and Beethoven
Historical anthology of music. 2 : Baroque, rococo and pre-classical music
The classical era : 64 selections from piano literature, symphonies, concertos & operas for piano solo
Inigo Jones : the architect of kings
Adam Smith and the classics : the classical heritage in Adams Smith's thought
Toni Morrison and the classical tradition : transforming American culture
Beethoven concertos and overtures
Beethoven : the composer as a hero
Source readings in music history. 4, the Classic era
Upon a ground : improvisation on ostinato basses from the sixteenth to the eighteenth centuries
Recordings for The Enjoyment of Music (sixth edition) and The Norton Scores. Vol. 1, Basic set. From Gregorian chant to Beethoven. CD 2.
Charis : essays in honor of Sara A. Immerwahr
The story of music
Classicism and history : anachronistic architectural thinking in Finland at the turn of the century : Jac. Ahrenberg and Gustaf Nyström
Pope, Homer, and manliness : some aspects of eighteenth-century classical learning
Classical architecture
The persistence of the classical : essays on architecture presented to David Watkin
The classics in Finland
Taste and the antique : the lure of classical sculpure 1500-1900 / Francis Haskell, Nicholas Penny
In The Mirror of Antiquity, Caroline Winterer uncovers the lost world of American women's classicism during its glory days in the eighteenth and the nineteenth centuries. Overturning the widely held belief that classical learning and political ideals were relevant only to men, she follows the lives of four generations of American women through their diaries, letters, books, needlework and drawings, demonstrating how classicism was at the center of their experience as mothers, daughters and wives. Importantly, she pays equal attention to women from the North and from the South and to the ways that classicism shaped the lives of black women in slavery and freedom.
Guardians of the humanist legacy : the classicism of T.S. Eliot's Criterion network and its relevance to our postmodern world
Great works of music  : symphonies and their meaning [Three volumes in one]
Öt évszázad kórusa = Chöre von fünf Jahrhunderten = Choruses of five centuries
Classical architecture: an introduction to its vocabulary and essentials, with a select glossary of terms
Natur, Mimesis, historia : anteckningar om klassicismen = Nature, Mimesis, history : notes on classicism / Sven-Olof Wallenstein
The ideology of classicism : language, history, and identity in Dionysius of Halicarnassus
In pursuit of Wissenschaft : Festschrift für William M. Calder III zum 75. Geburtstag
Classical piano anthology. 4, 12 original works : including pieces by Czerny, Mozart and Beethoven
The new Oxford history of music. 7, The age of enlightment 1740-1790
The tempo indications of Mozart
Classical piano anthology. 3, 18 original works : including pieces by Oginski, Beethoven, Voříšek and Schubert
Picasso Helsinki : mestariteoksia Pariisin Picasso-museosta : Ateneumin taidemuseo = Masterpieces from the Musée National Picasso in Paris : Ateneum Art Museum, 18.9.2009 - 6.1.2010 [28.1.2010] / katalogi = catalogue, johto = director: Anne Baldassari ; toimittaja = editor: Leena Ahtola-Moorhouse
The Christian Parthenon : classicism and pilgrimage in Byzantine Athens
The rise of the string quartet
Modern reflections of classical traditions in Persian fiction
Classical music : A concise history from Gluck to Beethoven
Inigo : the troubled life of Inigo Jones, architect of the English Renaissance
Classical gold : the easy piano collection
300 Jahre Violinmusik : Frühklassik = 300 years of violin music : early classicism
The joy of Mozart
Neo-classicism / Hugh Honour
Classics and colonialism
The academy and the limits of painting in seventeenth-century France
The art of ancient Greece and Rome : from the rise of Greece to the fall of Rome
Classical architecture : a complete handbook
Pablo Picasso at the Ateneum : masterpieces from the Musée National Picasso in Paris : [the Ateneum Art Museum, Helsinki], 18.9.2009 - 6.1.2010 [28.1.2010] / [texts and editing Anja Olavinen]
Abstraction and the classical ideal, 1760-1920
Blood for the ghosts : classical influences in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries
The Joy of Mozart ; Selected and edited by Denes Agay
Inigo Jones on Stonehenge : architectural representation, memory, and narrative
Classic voice : working with actors on vocal style
The mirror of antiquity : American women and the classical tradition, 1750-1900
The age of grandeur : Baroque and Classicism in Europe
Classic music : expression, form, and style
The classical tradition in art
The dome of the Pantheon
Miedzy renesansem a klasycyzmem : rysunki mistrzów europejskich w zbiorach Muzeum Narodowego w Poznaniu = Between Reneaissance and Classicism : European master's drawings from the collection of the National Museum in Poznan
Communication in eighteenth-century music
Poussin : the early years in Rome : the origins of French classicism
The Classical Period
An anthology of piano music IV : the twentieth century
A royal passion : Louis XIV as patron of architecture
The creation = Die Schöpfung
Kammermusikschule für Streicher = Chamber music method for strings. 4, Leichte klassische Streichquartette = Easy classical string quartets
Opera seria and the evolution of classical style, 1755-1772
Classics in Russia 1700-1855 : between two bronze horsemen
Art and architecture in France, 1500-1700
The home series of great masters : Mozart
Out of Arcadia : classics and politics in Germany in the age of Burckhardt, Nietzsche and Wilamowitz
Source readings in music history. 4, The Classic era
Music in the classic period
The history of decorative arts. [2], Classicism and the baroque in Europe
The problem of classical ideal in art and architecture of the countries around the Baltic Sea : conference at the Estonian Academy of Arts, November 9-10, 2001 = Das Problem des klassischen Ideals in der Kunst und Architektur der Länder des Ostseeraums : Konferenz der Estnischen Kunstakademie vom 9.-10. November 2001
Mel Bay's classical piano styles
Nineteenth century art : a critical history
Classical piano anthology. 2, 25 original works : including pieces by Haydn, Cimarosa, Beethoven and Czerny
Changing trends and timelessness : Seminar on Architecture and Urban Planning in Finland 1984
The architecture of the classical interior
Style by Saladino
The new Grove Beethoven
Kammermusikschule für Streicher = Chamber music method for strings : 3 : Klassische Trio = Classical trio
The New Oxford history of music. 8, The age of Beethoven 1790-1830
Canto d'amore : classicism in modern art and music, 1914-1935
The complete prose works of Matthew Arnold. 1, On the classical tradition
Antiquity restored : essays on the afterlife of the Antique
Music by the masters : Compiled, edited and annotated by Russell E. Lanning
The classics and colonial India
Building on ruins : the rediscovery of Rome and English architecture
Classical and romantic music
The classical wedding : for solo trumpet & organ
Poussin's paintings : a study in art-historical methodology
Biographical dictionary of North American classicists
Den Engelska parken i Sverige : under gustaviansk tid = English Lanscape Garden in Sweden during the Gustavian Era
Norton anthology of western music. Volume 2, classic to romantic
An anthology of piano music. Volume 2, The classical period
Anthology of classical music
Heretical Hellenism : women writers, ancient Greece, and the Victorian popular imagination
The sonata in the classic era
In this volume fifteen distinguished writers on architecture mark the retirement of Professor David Watkin from the University of Cambridge. Linked by the common theme of classicism, the chapters are divided into three sections. The first is concerned with architectural ideas and includes essays on Renaissance interpretations of Vitruvius, Roman Catholic Chapels in post-Reformation London, and architectural writers John Summerson and Hope Bagenal. The central section deals with aspects of eighteenth- and nineteenth-century Neo-classicism and includes new work on Marie-Joseph Peyre, Charles Barry and C.R. Cockerell. The final section is devoted to studies of classicism and the Picturesque in the twentieth century. The book is beautifully designed, with 107 monochrome illustrations and a full bibliography of David Watkin's work.
The classics
Nietzsche and antiquity : his reaction and response to the classical tradition
Beethoven symphonies
Classical composers : a guide to the lives and works of the great composers from the Medieval, Baroque and Classical eras
Renaissance art in France : the invention of Classicism
Gothic nightmares : Fuseli, Blake and the romantic imagination : [the exhibition at Tate Britain 15 February - 1 May 2006] / Martin Myrone ; with essays by Christopher Frayling and Marina Warner
Post-modern classicism : the new synthesis
Succeeding with the masters : classical era. Volume one, A guide to practicing and performing the works of Haydn, Mozart and Beethoven
The Classical era : early intermediate level
The music of Joseph Haydn : the symphonies
Raphael and France : the artist as paradigm and symbol
The classic : literary images of permanence and change
The music of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart : the symphonies
Picasso Abu Dhabi : masterpieces from Musée National Picasso, Paris : Abu Dhabi, Emirates Palace, Gallery One, May - September 2008 / [Anne Baldassari, editor]
The classical era : from the 1740s to the 18th century
Byzantine Athens was not a city without a history, as is commonly believed, but an important center about which much can now be said. Providing a wealth of new evidence, Professor Kaldellis argues that the Parthenon became a major site of Christian pilgrimage after its conversion into a church. Paradoxically, it was more important as a church than it had been as a temple: the Byzantine period was its true age of glory. He examines the idiosyncratic fusion of pagan and Christian culture that took place in Athens, where an attempt was made to replicate the classical past in Christian terms, affecting rhetoric, monuments, and miracles. He also re-evaluates the reception of ancient ruins in Byzantine Greece and presents for the first time a form of pilgrimage that was directed not toward icons, Holy Lands, or holy men but toward a monument embodying a permanent cultural tension and religious dialectic.
The Romantic rebellion : Romantic versus Classic art
Nicolai Abildgaard : revolution embodied : [Statens Museum for Kunst, Copenhagen,  29 August 2009 - 24 January 2010] / Thomas Ledeballe ,  Martin Myrone ... [et al.]
Classical architecture : the poetics of order
From classical to romantic keyboard music : The development of the piano 1
The English archive of design and decoration : with over 600 designs, patterns and settings in colour and black-and-white
Thematic space in Indian architecture
The social history of art. Vol. 3, Rococo, classicism and romanticism
Norton recorded anthology of western music. Volume 2, Classic to Romantic
Mozart : the real Amadeus
The library of classical music
Performance practices in classical piano music : featuring selections from the Anthology of classical piano music
Le classicisme francais : masterpieces of seventeenth century painting : a loan exhibition from the Louvre and French regional museums at the National Gallery of Ireland, 30 April - 9 June 1985 / catalogue by Sylvain Levessiere ; foreword by Jacques Thuillier
Victorian Britain set out to make the ancient world its own. This is the story of how it failed. It is the story of the headmaster who bludgeoned his wife to death, then calmly sat down to his Latin. It is the story of the embittered classical prodigy who turned to gin and opium - and the virtuoso forger who fooled the greatest scholars of the age. It is a history of hope: a general who longed to be an Homeric hero, a bankrupt poet who longed to start a revolution. Victorian classicism was defined by hope - but shaped by uncertainty. Packed with forgotten characters and texts, with the roar of the burlesque-stage and the mud of the battlefield, this book offers a rich insight into nineteenth-century culture and society. It explores just how difficult it is to stake a claim on the past.
Proceedings of the 9th Congress of the International Comparative Literature Association = Actes du 9e Congrès de l'Association Internationale de Litterature Comparée, Innsbruck 1979. 1, Classical models in literature
Norton anthology of western music. Volume 2, Classic, romantic, modern
Discover music of the classical era
The architecture of Europe. 3, Classical architecture 1420-1800
Succeeding with the masters : classical era. Volume two, A guide to practicing and performing the works of Haydn, Mozart and Beethoven
Kammermusikschule für Streicher = Chamber music method for strings. 3, Klassische Trio = Classical trio
Commerce with the classics : ancient books and renaissance readers
Norton anthology of western music / vol. 2. Classic to romantic
Norton anthology of western music. Volume 2, Classic to romantic
Franz Schubert : music and belief
The classic
The story of music : from antiquity to the present
Classical Victorians : scholars, scoundrels and generals in pursuit of antiquity
The Augustan art of poetry : Augustan translation of the classics
Canova : ideal heads
The home series of great masters
