http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10164 narrativity
narrativity
Reflecting back : Self-portraiture and autobiography on Instagram's selfies
Lost narratives : popular fictions, politics and recent history
Rabbinic narrative : a documentary perspective : volume four, the precedent and the parable in diachronic view. Vol. 4, The precedent and the parable in diachronic view
Multimodal Epistemologies : towards an integrated framework
Reducing mathematics anxiety of elementary teacher students by handling their memories from school time
The travelling concept of narrative
Rabbinic narrative : a documentary perspective : volume two: forms, types and distribution of narratives in Sifra, Sifrě to Numbers, and Sifrě to Deuteronomy. Vol. 2, Forms, types and distribution of narratives in Sifra, Sifrě to Numbers, and Sifrě to Deuteronomy
Kathy Maxwell explores the comments of ancient rhetoricians about their audiences as well as the kind of audience participation they expected & the tools used to encourage such participation, & applies her findings to Luke-Acts. This title examines the role of the 'audience' in interpreting Luke's narrative in "Acts" with reference to ancient rhetorical, Jewish, Pagan and other early Christian writings. The audience, and its varying levels of participation, is a vital element for the communication of a story. The stories of Jesus Christ as told in the gospels, and of the early Church as found in "Acts", rely on the audience members and their participation as do all others. In fact, without audience participation, the narrative fails. Audience-oriented criticism, while named only recently, is an ancient phenomenon as old as story telling itself. Kathy Maxwell explores ancient rhetoricians' comments about 'the audience', as well as the kinds of audience participation they expected and the tools used to encourage such participation. Such tools were employed in ancient pagan, Jewish, and Christian literature - the concern being to engage the audience. Maxwell's conclusions impact not only the way biblical scholars view the rhetorical abilities of the Evangelists, but also the way in which modern readers 'hear' the biblical narrative. The modern audience also bears the responsibility of hearing between the lines, of creating the story with the ancient author.
Possible subversions : the narrative construction of identity in Agnes Smedley's Daughter of Earth
The art of telling : essays on fiction
Hearing between the lines : the audience as fellow-worker in Luke-Acts and its literary milieu
Picture this country : contemporary narratives of Estonia
Rabbinic narrative : a documentary perspective : volume three: forms, types and distribution of narratives in Song of Songs Rabbah and Lamentations Rabbah and a reprise of Fathers according to Rabbi Nathan Text A. Vol. 3, Forms, types and distribution of narratives in Song of Songs Rabbah and Lamentations Rabbah and a reprise of Fathers according to Rabbi Nathan Text A
Unveiling the story through portraits : portraiture in social-artistic work
Reading narrative : form, ethics, ideology
The comedy of revelation : paradise lost and regained in biblical narrative
Narratology : the form and functioning of narrative
Stories of life in the work place : an open architecture for organizational narratology
The narrative construction of the anxious object : papers from the 4S/EASST Conference, Göteborg, 12-15 August 1992
Mirror talk : genres of crisis in contemporary autobiography
Writing for video game genres : from FPS to RPG
"Here I could say what I probably wouldn't have said elsewhere" : teachers' peer group as a narrative environment.
Autobiographical reading
Applying narrative analysis in Tanzania
The meaning of others : narrative studies of relationships
Storylines : politics, history and narrative from an Arendtian perspective
The speeches of outsiders in Acts : poetics, theology and historiography
Narrative soundings : an anthology of narrative inquiry in music education
Recovery from depression using the narrative approach : a guide for doctors, complementary therapists and mental health professionals
Narrative across media : the languages of storytelling
Narrative inquiry in practice : advancing the knowledge of teaching
"The past lay claim to the present" memory and narrative as a journey to one's self : a study of Damon Galgut's In a Strange Room
"In this refreshingly unique book, Bruce Longenecker demonstrates that reading Luke's narrative is richly enhanced through attentiveness to what is tantalizingly left out of the Lukan narrative. In Hearing the Silence, the reader is invited to delve deeply into literary and theological dimensions of the Lukan narrative through an exploration of Jesus' strangely under-narrated "escape" in Luke 4:30. The options for interpreting the mechanics of that curious event are brought into dramatic relief by Longenecker's survey of the scene's reconstruction in Jesus-novels and Jesus-films, in which a variety of strategies have been employed to iron out the scene's narrative oddity. Against their backdrop, Longenecker's own constructive proposals bring the reader into direct contact with some of the most significant features of the Lukan Gospel and worldview." -- Publisher's description.
Interacting stories : narratives, family beliefs, and therapy
Information comics : knowledge transfer in a popular format
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
The Revelation of John : a narrative commentary
Bugs, drugs & smoke : stories from public health
Retelling stories, framing culture : traditional story and metanarratives in children's literature
Narrative transportation in global brand context : content analysis of Cannes Lion grand prix winners in film category
Performing the author/mother/merchant/wife: moving subject positions in Minna Canth's autobiography
Fuzzy coherence : making sense of continuity in hypertext narratives
Narrative and identity : theoretical approaches and critical analyses
Narration in the German Novelle : theory and interpretation
A learning community : teachers and students engaged in developing their own learning and understanding
Winning the reputation game : creating stakeholder value and competitive advantage
Transmedia storytelling : imagery, shapes and techniques
Storytelling in therapy
Storytelling: narratives of the mind and modes of religiousity
On the notion of culture and identity : a study of Paul Ricoeur's narrative identity
Carlos & Jason Sanchez : the moment of rupture = l'instant de la rupture
Organising waste in the city : international perspectives on narratives and practices
Playing horror : narrative and genre in Valve's Left 4 Dead Series
Digital storytelling: a tool for expressing emotions - with instituionalised adolescents of paimio, Finland
"Oring analyzes key contemporary approaches to the study of humor and addresses controversial topics with new empirical data and insight. He tests appropriate incongruity against other major positions in the field, including Semantic Script Theory, the General Theory of Verbal Humor, Conceptual Integration Theory, and Benign Violation Theory"--Provided by publisher.
The subject as action : transformation and totality in narrative aesthetics
The return of the storyteller in contemporary fiction
The books of Samuel : stories -- history -- reception history
"This handbook provides a systematic overview of the present state of international research in narratology and is now available in a second, fully revised and expanded edition. Detailed individual studies by internationally renowned narratologists elucidate central terms of narratology, present a critical account of the major research positions and their historical development and indicate directions for future research."
Make believe in film and fiction : visual vs. verbal storytelling
Strategic narratives and competitive advantage : do winners speak differently?
On a quest for authenticity to an imaginary place : a narrative analysis of the experiences of British literary tourists
Narrative : a critical linguistic introduction
Using narratives as innovative tools in mathematics education course in Finnish teacher education
Storytelling sociology : narrative as social inquiry
Storied relationships:students recall their teachers
Narratology : introduction to the theory of narrative / Mieke Bal
Critical narrative as pedagogy
Stories of entrepreneurs : narrative construction of identities
Painting and narrative in France, from Poussin to Gauguin
Flash cinematic techniques : enhancing animated shorts and interactive storytelling
Once upon a time : the storytelling card game
The volume examines the role of narratives in old and new media. Its ten contributions firstly center on the various forms and functions narratives assume in computer-mediated environments, e.g. websites, weblogs, message boards, etc. In this light, past and present approaches to the description of narratives are presented and reevaluated based on their ability to capture the conceptual and methodological exigencies of new media. Secondly, the volume sheds new light upon the multimodal composition of new media narratives which typically feature multiple co-occurring semiotic modes such as speech, sound, text, static or moving images. In this vein, each paper explores a wide array of authentic examples from text genres as diverse as political speeches, real-time narratives and contemporary feature films. Its wide scope should not only appeal to linguists interested in the discursive and pragmatic dimension of narratives but also to scholars and students in other scientific disciplines.
The leader's guide to storytelling : mastering the art and discipline of business narrative
Pictorial Victorians : the inscription of values in word and image
The stories we are : an essay on self-creation
Mamma mia! : Adapting and narrativising pop songs into a successful jukebox musical
Making medical knowledge
Delivering from memory : the effect of performance on the early Christian audience
The Books of Samuel are an important source for the history of ancient Israel and a treasure not ony of Biblical literature, but of world literature. They deal with the first kings of Israel and the history of the 10th century BCE in Palestine, and they narrate of this time in an outstandingly artful way. In addition they set standards in the Biblical Jewish and Christian system of values, concerning the relationship between men and God, nation and people, power and law, war and peace, man and woman. The Books of Samuel have left their impact upon the arts over the centuries so that their reception history is exceptionally rich. Both early interpreters and modern scholars have discussed nearly every aspect of them. This volume contains contributions of leading scholars in the field as well as those of a new generation of exegetes. Questions are raised concerning the value of the Books of Samuel as historical source, the nature of their historical narrative, their literary composition, their literary-historical growth, their textual development (in the Masoretic text, in the Greek Septuagint, and in the writings of Qumran) and their reception history (in novels, music and arts). The volume embraces a wide range of approaches and methods and sheds light on a great number of texts and themes. Thus it represents the current state of inquiry and also raises new questions and views.
Creating Oneself through Narratives: Agency in first-semester university students’ career plans
Narrative threapies with children and adolescents
Transmedial narratology and contemporary media culture
Narration and knowledge : (including the integral text of Analytical philosophy of history)
Around the corporate campfire : how great leaders use stories to inspire success
Telling tales : the narrative dimension of pastoral care and counselling
Searching voices : towards a canon for interaction design
Stories of our virtual lives : A study on narrative in video games
Getting into character : the art of first-person narrative preaching
Telling madness : narrative, diagnosis, power, and literary theory
Language Narratives from Adult Upper Secondary Education: Interrelating agency, autonomy and identity in foreign language learning
Narrative bias and China's foreign assistance to Africa
From comic strips to graphic novels : contributions to the theory and history of graphic narrative
Why did electronic B2B marketplaces fail? : case study of an agricultural commodity exchange
The storytelling styles and brand perception of wine labels
Film & making other history : counterhegemonic narratives for a cinema of the subaltern
Hearing the silence : Jesus on the edge and God in the gap : Luke 4 in narrative perspective
The poetics of Norman Mailer's nonfiction : self-reflexivity, literary form, and the rhetoric of narrative
Reading Pictures, Constructing Narratives: A Study upon Pictorial Narrativity and a
Narrative counseling in schools : powerful & brief
Listening to the voices of dementia:the therapist's teaching-learning process through co-construction of narrative and the triadic relationship with Alzheimer’s disease sufferers
The real America in romance : an authentic history of America from the discovery to the present day profusely illustrated with portraits of historical characters and views of the sacred and memorable places of our native land : complete in thirteen volumes
Using the creative arts in therapy and healthcare : a practical introduction
Liberation exhibitions as a commemorative membrane of socialist Hungary
"Like a good story, successful design is a series of engaging moments structured over time. The User's Journey will show you how, when, and why to use narrative structure, technique, and principles to ideate, craft, and test a cohesive vision for an engaging outcome. See how a 'story first' approach can transform your product, feature, landing page, flow, campaign, content, or product strategy."
How does Luke's portrait of the outsider help in exploring the theology and historiography of Acts? Previous studies of the author and his work have concentrated on the speeches given by insiders - members of the early Christian church - but until now the speeches of the outsiders have been marginalised by scholars in the field. Osvaldo Padilla takes an intriguing approach by concentrating on the direct speech of such figures, arguing that the portrayal of outsiders to a religious movement should not be neglected when considering the author's viewpoint. By exploring the place of outsiders in Old Testament and Second Temple literature, then offering comparisons with the depictions found in Acts, Padilla provides an insightful take on the subject that will prove invaluable to scholars and students of biblical and early Christian studies. -- Review: Review of the hardback: 'Padilla has identified a critical gap in past scholarship and has made important strides in determining the function of the speeches of outsiders in Acts and the rhetorical impact of these speeches on the Lukan community. This volume is engaging, well-researched, and well-written. Padilla has made a significant offering to scholarship on the book of Acts.' Review of Biblical Literature
Teaching the universe of discourse
“Don't give me away, Mummy” : message and emotion in a Jewish woman's Holocaust narrative
Toward a theory of historical narrative : a case study in Perso-Islamicate historiography
Biography, narrative, and rehabilitation
Dimensions of expertise in family therapeutic process
Finding the plot : preaching in a narrative style
Joking asides : the theory, analysis, and aesthetics of humor
Handbook of narratology
Narrative, interrupted : the plotless, the disturbing and the trivial in literature
Technology-mediated narrative environments for learning
Winter tales
This child is also mine : a narrative approach to the phenomenon of atypical custodial grandparenthood
Developing doctoral student mentoring through narrative teaching strategies
Narrative mapping and polyphony in urban planning
It has become something of a cliché within the field of narratology to assert the commercial, aesthetic, and sociocultural relevance of narrative representations, but the fact remains that narratives are everywhere. Whenever we read a novel or a comic, watch a film or an episode of our favorite television series, or play the latest video game, we are likely to engage with narrative media. Similarly, the intermedial adaptations and transmedial entertainment franchises that have become increasingly visible during the past few decades are, at their core, narrative forms. Since a significant part of contemporary media culture is defined by the narratives we tell each other via various media, the media studies discipline needs a genuinely transmedial narratology. Transmedial Narratology and Contemporary Media Culture focuses on the intersubjective construction of storyworlds as well as on prototypical forms of narratorial and subjective representation. It provides not only a method for the analysis of salient transmedial strategies of narrative representation in contemporary films, comics, and video games but also a theoretical frame within which medium-specific approaches from literary and film narratology, from comics studies and game studies, and from various other strands of media and cultural studies may be employed to further our understanding of narratives across media.
Narratives on teaching and teacher education : an international perspective
Mediating the immediate : endogenous meanings and simulated narratives in ludic spaces
"When the New Testament was read publicly, what effect did the performances have on the audience? In Delivering from Memory, William Shiell argues that these performances shaped early Christian paideia, among communities of active, engaged listeners. Using Greco-Roman rhetorical conventions, Shiell's groundbreaking study suggests that lectors delivered from memory without memorizing the text verbatim and audiences listened with their memories in a collaborative process with the performer. The text functioned as a starting place for emotion, paraphrase, correction, and instruction. In the process, the performances trained and shaped the character of the reader and the formation of the audience."--P. [4] of cover.
Stories by repeatedly convicted drunk drivers at the outset of counseling : subjectivity, agency, and capacity for reflection
The process of remembering with the Forgotten Australians : digital storytelling and marginalized groups
Making leisure work : architecture and the experience economy
Poussin and the poetics of painting : pictorial narrative and the legacy of Tasso
Your mythic journey : finding meaning in your life through writing and storytelling
Narrative methods. Volume 2, Narrative applications
Teaching-studying-learning (TSL) processes and mobile technologies : multi-, inter- and transdisciplinary (MIT) research approaches : proceedings of the 12th International NBE 2005 Conference : September 14-17, 2005, Rovaniemi, Finland
Internationalization of a firm : a case of Malaysian water industry
Miss Herbert : an essay in five parts
A theory of narrative
The consumer  experience and the absorbing story
Oral tradition today : an introduction to the art of storytelling
Narratives of expatriates in the Middle East : adaptation, identity and learning in non-profit organizations
Ritual words and narrative worlds in the book of Leviticus
Deep maps and spatial narratives
Telling stories with pictures
Company culture in cross-border mergers and acquisitions : three narrative stories from Stora Enso Timber
Music and levels of narration in film : steps across the border
Part I The Still Waters of Narrative: The Boring and the PlotlessConversational and Authorial Disclosure in the Dialogue Novel: The Case of The Friends of Eddie Coyle. Resistance to Plot and Uneven Narrativity: A Journey from “A Boring Story” to The Rings of Saturn. What Happens When Nothing Happens: Interpreting Narrative Technique in the Plotless Novels of Nicholson Baker. Events Can Be Quoted (and Words Need Not Be). Pynchon's Poetics of Boredom: Cognitive and Textual Aspects of Novelistic Dreariness. Part II A Web of Sense: Interpreting the Disturbing and the Difficult Toward a Zoonarratology: Storytelling and Species Difference in Animal Comics. Watching a Tree Grow: Terrence Malick's The New World and the Nature of Cinema. Navigating—Making Sense—Interpreting (The Reader behind La Jalousie). History Impossible: Narrating and Motivating the Past. Unnatural Temporalities: Interfaces between Postmodernism, Science Fiction, and the Fantastic. The Imperfect Is Our Paradise: Intertextuality and Fragmentary Narration in Margaret Atwood's Alias Grace. Fragile Narrative Situations: Conrad Compared to Sebald. Part III Shadow of a Tail: Problems of AuthorshipName Change and Author Avatars in Varlam Shalamov and Primo Levi. Stranger than Fiction, or, Jerome David Salinger, Author of Lolita: Real, Implied and Fictive Authorship. Translators, Scoundrels and Gentlemen of Honor: Problems of Nabokov's Loyalty. Affordances of Form in Stanzaic Narrative Poetry. A Shadow on the Marble.
Working with or without a native speaker, a storyteller can touch the minds and hearts of all listenerseven those with little or no English language skills. Here a group of expert storytellers share a variety of tips and techniques that help bridge the language gap; along with sample stories that librarians, teachers, and professional storytellers can easily incorporate into their repertoires. Four basic techniques for bilingual telling are explored: summarizing, line-by-line translation, tandem telling, and inserted phrases. In addition, contributors discuss such topics as the translator's role, using story in language instruction, presenting tellers of other languages, traveling and giving workshops abroad, and more.
Researching life stories : method, theory and analyses in a biographical age
Rewriting narratives in Egyptian theatre : translation, performance, politics
Story and situation : narrative seduction and the power of fiction
Television : critical methods and applications
The temporal mechanics of the Fourth Gospel : a theory of hermeneutical relativity in the Gospel of John
Story logic : problems and possibilities of narrative
Organizational Storytelling, Ethics and Morality : How Stories Frame Limits of Behavior in Organizations
The genesis of secrecy : on the interpretation of narrative
Archives of memory : supporting traumatized communities through narration and remembrance
Identities at work / narratives from a post-bureaucratic ICT organization
Extraordinary from the ordinary : personal experience narratives in American Sign Language
Light from the ashes : social science careers of young Holocaust refugees and survivors
Victory in exceptional war : the Estonian main narrative of the cyber attacks in 2007.
Tell the world : storytelling across language barriers
Handbook of organizational and managerial innovation
Narratives of travel and tourism
Textual narratives and a new metaphysics
Studies in symbolic interaction. Vol. 24, 2001
Reagan's mythical America : towards a narrative theory of prophetic politics
Narrative research : voices of teachers and philosophers
Real-time hermeneutics : meaning-making in ludonarrative digital games
Narrative and experience in multicultural education
The school of the FuTure : theoretical and pedagogical approaches for creative and playful learning environments
In the language of the mother — re-storying the relational moral in teachers' stories
From text to performance : narrative and performance criticisms in dialogue and debate
Illness narratives : patients' online discussions about life after cancer
Storying : a path to our future : artful thinking, learning, teaching, and research
Playacting as narrative : what kinds of stories do Finnish 6-year-olds tell in their make-believe play?
Narrativity : how visual arts, cinema and literature are telling the world today
Narrative revisited : telling a story in the age of new media
Transmedia 2.0 : how to create an entertainment brand using a transmedial approach to storytelling
Narratoly : an introduction
Resisting history : on the ethics of narrative representation
The user's journey : storymapping products that people love
The politics of storytelling : variations on a theme by Hannah Arendt
Deviance in contemporary crime fiction
The handbook of narrative analysis
Rabbinic narrative : a documentary perspective : volume one: forms, types and distribution of narratives in the Mishnah, Tractate Abot and the Tosefta. Vol. 1, Forms, types and distribution of narratives in the mishnah, Tractate Abot and the Tosefta
A curriculum of difficulty : narrative research in education and the practice of teaching
Issues of identity in music education : narratives and practices
Storied relationships : students recall their teachers
Paternal masculinities in early fatherhood: dominant and counter narratives by Finnish first-time fathers
Making meaning onscreen : a student handbook
Narrative art in the Bible
