http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1013 proofs of God's existence
proofs of God's existence
The Blackwell guide to the philosophy of religion
The cosmological argument
William L. Rowe on philosophy of religion : selected writings
Basic modern philosophy of religion
On the existence of God : lectures given at the universities of Würzburg and Vienna 1868-1891
Rethinking the ontological argument : a neoclassical theistic response
The God debates : a 21st century guide for atheists and believers (and everyone in between)
Oxford studies in philosophy of religion. Vol. 3
The Dawkins delusion? : atheist fundamentalism and the denial of the divine
Descartes against the skeptics
Detailed Contents; Lecture 1. The Problem of Evil and the Argument from Evil; Lecture 2. The Idea of God; Lecture 3. Philosophical Failure; Lecture 4. The Global Argument from Evil; Lecture 5. The Global Argument Continued; Lecture 6. The Local Argument from Evil; Lecture 7. The Sufferings of Beasts; Lecture 8. The Hiddenness of God; Notes; Works Cited; Index.
New proofs for the existence of God : contributions of contemporary physics and philosophy
The existence of God : a philosophical introduction
The existence of God
Theism, atheism, and big bang cosmology
The language of religion
Types, tableaus, and Gödel's God
God, the best, and evil
Consciousness and the mind of God
Lectures on philosophical theology
Arguments for the existence of God
Religions, reasons and gods : essays in cross-cultural philosophy of religion
The vast amount of suffering in the world is often held as a particularly powerful reason to deny that God exists. Highly accessible and carefully argued, Peter van Inwagen's book maintains that such reasoning does not hold, and that suffering should not undermine belief in God. - ;It is generally supposed that the fact that the world contains a vast amount of suffering, much of it truly horrible suffering, confronts those who believe in an all-powerful and benevolent Creator with a serious problem: to explain why such a Creator would permit this. Many reflective people are convinced that the problem, the problem of evil, is insoluble. The reasons that underlie this conviction can be formulated as a powerful argument for the non-existence of God, the so-called argument from evil: If there were a God, he would not permit the existence of vast amounts of truly horrible suffering; since such suffering exists, there is no God. Peter van Inwagen examines this argument, which he regards as a paradigmatically philosophical argument. His conclusion is that (like most philosophical arguments) it is a failure. He seeks to demonstrate, not that God exists, but the fact that the world contains a vast amount of suffering does not show that God does not exist.
The ontological argument : from St. Anselm to contemporary philosophers
Nonbelief & evil : two arguments for the nonexistence of God
Does God's existence need proof?
God and realism
Introducing philosophy of religion
Logic and theism : arguments for and against beliefs in God
Reported miracles : a critique of Hume
The divine lawmaker : lectures on induction, laws of nature, and the existence of God
The rationality of of belief in God
God, evil, and design : an introduction to the philosophical issues
Is God a delusion? : a reply to religion's cultured despisers
Anselm's other argument
The question of God : an introduction and sourcebook
"One hundred fifty years ago, Charles Darwin revolutionized biology, but did he refute intelligent design (ID)? In Signature in the Cell, Stephen Meyer argues that he did not. Signature in the Cell is the first book to make a comprehensive case for intelligent design based upon DNA. Meyer embarks on an odyssey of discovery as he investigates current evolutionary theories and the evidence that ultimately led him to affirm intelligent design."--BOOK JACKET.
Basic writings
New essays in philosophical theology
A platonic philosophy of religion : a process perspective
The analytic theist : an Alvin Plantinga reader
Our knowledge of God
Descartes's Meditations : critical essays
Does God exist? : the Craig-Flew debate
Does God have a nature?
The five ways : St. Thomas Aquinas' proofs of God's existence
God, reason and theistic proofs
Philosophy of religion : classic and contemporary issues
The book of atheist spirituality
The procession of the world : (De processione mundi)
The miracle of theism : arguments for and against the existence of God
The necessity of God : ontological claims revisited
Knowledge of God
Proofs for eternity, creation and the existence of God in medieval Islamic and Jewish philosophy
The evidence for God : religious knowledge reexamined
Philosophy of religion
The cosmological argument from Plato to Leibniz
The God delusion
God and argument = Dieu et l'argumentation philosophique
The non-existence of God
"Infini rien" : Pascal's wager and the human paradox
The agnostic inquirer : revelation from a philosophical standpoint
An introduction to the philosophy of religion
Consciousness and the existence of God : a theistic argument
Reading Anselm's Proslogion : the history of Anselm's argument and its significance today
Why believe?
Letters to Doubting Thomas : a case for the existence of God
God? : a philosophical preface to faith
Proslogion : with the replies of Gaunilo and Anselm
Intelligent design : the bridge between science & theology
Mystical experience of God : a philosophical inquiry
Reason, community and religious tradition : Anselm's argument and the friars
Alvin Plantinga
God and inscrutable evil : in defense of theism and atheism
God and phenomenal consciousness : a novel approach to knowledge arguments
Blasphemy
The philosophy of Thomas Aquinas : introductory readings
Conversations with God : an uncommon dialogue. Book 1 : guidebook
God and goodness
Stoic theology : proofs for the existence of the cosmic god and of the traditional gods : including a commentary on Cleanthes' hymn on Zeus
Lectures on the proofs of the existence of God
God, freedom, and evil
Arguing for atheism : an introduction to the philosophy of religion
A Candid Examination of Theism
Divine power : the medieval power distinction up to its adoption by Albert, Bonaventure and Aquinas
Der einzig mögliche Beweisgrund zu einer Demonstration des Daseins Gottes = The one possible basis for a demonstration of the existence of God
On the nature and existence of God
God, the multiverse, and everything : modern cosmology and the argument from design
Philosophy of religion : the big questions
Seeing nature as creation : how anti-Cartesian philosophy of mind and perception reshapes natural theology
The problem of evil
Intelligent design : a theological and philosophical analysis
Aquinas' proofs for God's existence : St. Thomas Aquinas on: "the per accidens necessarily implies the per se"
Signature in the cell : DNA and the evidence for intelligent design
Kant on God
The unknown God : agnostic essays
The God who may be : a hermeneutics of religion
Faith, reason, and the existence of God
The fire in the equations : science, religion, and the search for God
