http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10110 resuscitation
resuscitation
Emergency first aid : the authorised manual of St. John Ambulance, St. Andrew's Ambulance Association, and the British Red Cross
Current care guidelines for cardiopulmonary resuscitation : implementation, skills and attitudes
Language endangerment and language revitalization
Tintinalli's emergency medicine : a comprehensive study guide
Cardiopulmanry resuscitation (CPR) : quality and education
The Lazarus effect : the science that is rewriting the boundaries between life and death
Elvytystilanne - kyky auttaa = Att återuppliva - att kunna hjälpa = Resuscitation - the ability to help
Functional electrical stimulation in paralysed respiratory muscles : proceedings of the workshop held in Hamburg 11-12 November 1999
Physiotherapy for respiratory and cardiac problems
Out-of-hospital cardiac arrests in a middle-sized urban city : an epidemiological and outcome study based on reporting according to Utstein recommendations
Emergency care : a textbook for paramedics
Basic trauma life support for paramedics and other advanced providers
A color atlas of accidents and emergencies
A new world economic order : overhauling the global economic governance as a result of the financial crisis, 2008–2009
Accident and emergency nursing
First aid manual : the authorised manual of St. John Ambulance, St. Andrew's Ambulance Association, and the British Red Cross
First aid manual : Emergency first aid
Manual of clinical paramedic procedures
In-hospital organization and outcome of cardiopulmonary resuscitation in Finland with special reference to Utstein and resuscitation 2000 guidelines
First aid, CPR, and AED. Standard
How to revitalize an indigenous language? : adults' experiences of the revitalization of the Sámi language
Assessment of policy measures to support Russia's real economy
Nurse students knowledge and skill in cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR)
End this depression now!
An experimental project in teaching resuscitation in Lapland
"This book is a practical guide to the latest resuscitation advice for the non-specialist, and covers the core knowledge on the management of patients with cardiopulmonary arrest"--Provided by publisher.
Global cerebral ischemia
Out-of-hospital cardiac arrest in Finland
Paediatric advanced life support : a practical guide
Emergency nursing : an essential guide for patient care
Ensiapu : opetuskuvia : opetuskuva-aineisto Suomen Punaisen Ristin kouluttajille : undervisningsbilder : undervisningsbilder för rödakorsutbildare = First aid : training material : training material for Red Cross instructors = Första hjälpen
Emergency first aid made easy : a quick reference guide to emergency first aid procedures
Hospital mortality of intensive care patients in Finland : insights into prognostic factors and measuring outcomes
Endangered languages : beliefs and ideologies in language documentation and revitalisation
Textbook on First Aid and Emergency Nursing
Defibrillators and adverse incidents
Elvytystilanne : auta heti! = Återupplivning - hjälp omedelbart! = Resuscitation needed - help immediately!
Trauma. Volume 1, Emergency resuscitation, perioperative anesthesia, surgical management
CPR and AED first aid made easy : a comprehensive guide to resuscitation and automated external defibrillation
First aid manual : The Authorised Manual of St. John Ambulance, St. Andrew's first aid and the British Red Cross
Brain-oriented intensive care : standardization of postresuscitation therapy
Mechanisms of birth asphyxia and a novel resuscitation strategy
Essays on higher moments in macroeconomics and finance
Maallikon suorittama defibrillaatio sydänpysähdyspotilaan hoitoketjussa = Lay-person and public access defibrilation in the chain of survival in Finland
Out-of-hospital cardiac arrest : studies on aetiology, treatment and outcome
Advanced life support : ERC guidelines 2010 edition
Cheating death
This paper presents the results of an analytical project on the methodology for assessing and monitoring anti-crisis measures taken by the government of the RF. The paper is based on an analysis of about 100 measures in support of Russia.s real economy that were initiated in October 2008 . March 2009. Within the scope of this analysis, we singled out the main beneficiaries by industry and the size of enterprise, and estimated the effects of the measures underway in the crisis phase and in the phase of a return to economic growth. The paper also gives an account of the major risks the Russian government will face in putting into practice the measures supporting the real economy, and reveals the key problems and inconsistencies of the anti-crisis program. Key words: Russia, anti-crisis measures, economic policy, state subsidies, fiscal policy..
Language death and revival : the revival of Cornish as a minority language in Cornwall, UK - a case study
Prognostic impact of preoperative and postoperative critical conditions on the outcome of coronary artery bypass surgery
Emergency first aid
Hyperbaric oxygen in the treatment of cerebral hypoxia and anaerobic infections : experiences in Tallinn
Coronary artery disease is the leading cause of death in the world. The outcome of patients at a very high operative risk undergoing coronary artery bypass surgery has not been thoroughly investigated.Cohorts of patients underwent coronary surgery between January 1997 and December 2013 at the Oulu University Hospital, Finland. Data was acquired from electronic patient records. Statistical analysis was performed on the collected data to evaluate outcome and identify predictors of adverse events.Very high-risk patients who underwent isolated coronary artery bypass surgery had a high 30-day mortality (16.2%), but their 5-year survival was satisfactory (66.8%).Survivors of out-of-hospital cardiac arrest were compared to a control group. Immediate postoperative mortality was slightly higher in out-of-hospital cardiac arrest patients (6.3% vs. 0%, p = 0.24), but the overall 5-year survival rates were similar (80.7% vs. 84.5%).Patients with preoperative stage 3 chronic kidney disease have a higher mortality than patients with stage 1-2 chronic kidney disease. Kidney function decline/year was predictive of all-cause mortality, cardiovascular mortality and also tended to predict fatal and non-fatal cardiovascular events.The E-CABG postoperative complication grading system was used to stratify the severity and prognostic impact of postoperative complications and was shown to predict early and late mortality for these patients.The outcome of emergency coronary artery bypass surgery was studied in a multi-center setting. Increasing emergency classes, left ventricular ejection fraction ≤30%, on-pump surgery, and participating centers were independent predictors of in-hospital mortality. Survival rates at 1, 3 and 5 years were 86.4%, 81.6%, and 76.1%.Despite the high preoperative risk of these patients, the long-term outcome for coronary surgery is satisfactory. Patients with stage 3 chronic kidney disease may experience a significant decline in kidney function and poor outcome. Early referral to a nephrologist may be beneficial for these patients. The E-CABG complication grading system seems to be a promising tool for stratifying the severity and prognostic impact of complications occurring after coronary surgery.
Handbook of immediate care
Essentials of Immediate Medical Care
Handbook of emergency department procedures
Neuropsychological consequences at young adult age after cardio-pulmonary resuscitation at birth or being born small - for - gestational age
American Red Cross first aid/CPR/AED : participants's manual
Emergencies around childbirth : a handbook for midwives
Emergency care
Prehospital cardiac arrest and induction of mild hypothermia : studies on epidemiology and feasibility
Emergency care and first aid for nurses : a practical guide
Elvytystilanne - auta heti! / Återupplivning - hjälp omedelbart! = Resuscitation needed - help immediately
First aid manual - emergency procedures for everyone at home, at work or at leisure
Fluid Resuscitation : state of the science for treating combat casualties and civilian injuries
Resuscitation of the newborn : a practical approach
Intensive care : A concise textbook
Rapid : first responder
Emergency first aid : a guide for helping in emergencies
Summary.
First aid manual : the authorised manual of St John Ambulance, St Andrew's First Aid and the British Red Cross
Neonatal emergencies : a practical guide for resuscitation, transport, and critical care of newborn infants
Textbook of neonatal resuscitation
Advanced medical life support : a practical approach to adult medical emergencies
In-hospital organization and outcome of cardiopulmonary resuscitation in Finland with special reference to Utstein and resuscitation 2000 Guidelines
First aid manual : the authorised manual of St. John Ambulance, St. Andrew's Ambulance Association, The British Red Cross
Circulation
Paediatric first aid made easy
Bryophyte Species Richness on Retention Aspens Recovers in Time but Community Structure Does Not
Emergency care and transportation of the sick and injured
Prehospital resuscitation in Helsinki : experience with a physician staffed emergency care unit in 1987-1988
ABC of resuscitation
Cardiopulmonary cerebral resuscitation
Elvytystilanne : auta heti! = Återuppliving-hjälp omedelbart = Resuscitation needed-help immediately
Handbook of paediatric intensive care
Taking care of the ancestral language : the language revitalisation of non-status Sámi in Finnish Sápmi
Practical resuscitation : recognition and response
Elvytystilanne - auta heti! / Återupplivning - hjälp omedelbart! = Resuscitation needed - help immediately!
Ensiapu sairauskohtauksissa = First aid in attacks of illness = Första hjälpen vid sjukdomsattacker
Abstract. - Sammandrag. - Yhteenveto.
The knowledge of nurse students of basic resuscitation
European Resuscitation Council guidelines for resuscitation
Language policy and social reproduction : Ireland 1893-1993
The New Deal in South Florida : design, policy and community building, 1933-1940
First aid manual
Emergency nursing
Community revival in the wake of disaster : lessons in local entrepreneurship
First aid made easy : a comprehensive first aid manual and reference guide
Culture in crisis : the future of the Welsh language
The effect of experience of on-site physicians on survival from prehospital cardiac arrest
Accidental massive extravascular infusion of fluids in a burned patient
Therapeutic hypothermia after cardiac arrest : studies on neurological and cardiological outcome and prediction of outcome in hypothermia-treated patients resuscitated from out-of-hospital cardiac arrest
First aid for family emergencies
European paediatric life support : ERC guidelines 2010 edition
Practical first aid
Paediatric advanced life support : a practical guide for nurses
First aid manual : the authorised manual of the Irish Red Cross
"The extensively revised and updated 6th edition of the Neonatal Resuscitation Program (NRP) textbook and accompanying DVD-ROM are designed in accord with the program's curriculum changes and sharpened focus on active, hands-on learning. The text facilitates the newly recommended self-paced learning approach. Self-study is optimized to help students prepare for the mandatory online examination that replaces the traditional written test. It also complements the simulations and case-based sceanarios at the heart of the new NRP. Content updates thoughout the text and DVD-ROM reflect the 2010 American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP)/American Heart Association Guidelines for Neonatal Resuscitation. Must-know new material includes the latest recommendations across key areas of change including: Revisions in the NRP flow diagram; elimination of evaluation of amniotic fluid in initial rapid assessment; use of supplemental oxygen during neonatal resuscitation; use of pulse oximetry; chest compression procedures. The book includes a companion DVD-ROM (for use on both PC and Mac), bringing a higher level of interactivity to the learning process. Active learning features on the DVD include multi-decision point scenarios and randomly generated clinical problems and outcomes"--P. 4 of cover.
