http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10190 rescue service
rescue service
Ilmailukartta = Aeronautical chart : SAR : ICAO 1:500000.. 2103C, Helsinki east
Risk assessment and mapping : safety dimensions of spatial and physical planning
Pit crew pups : paw patrol
The aviation factfile helicopters : military, civilian and rescue rotocraft
Disaster and development : an occupational perspective
IAMSAR Manual : International aeronautical and maritime search and rescue manual : volume 2 : mission co-ordination
Leadership in the open : a new paradigm in emergency management
Linguistic models for decision support
IAMSAR Manual : International aeronautical and maritime search and rescue manual. Vol. 1. Organization and management
The Avalanche handbook
International Conference on Salvage (1989) : Final Act of the conference and Convention on Salvage
This is NOT a fire drill : crisis intervention and prevention on college campuses
Helicopter operations at sea  : a guide for industry
IAMSAR Manual : International aeronautical and maritime search and rescue manual : volume 1 : organization and management
Ilmailupelastusyksiköt = Search and rescue units
Saving Bletchley Park
Barbie & her sisters : puppy rescue : PS3
IAMSAR manual : International aeronautical and maritime search and rescue manual. Vol. 3, Mobile facilities
Disaster planning : the preservation of life and property
IAMSAR Manual : International aeronautical and maritime search and rescue manual. Vol 1. Mission Co-ordination
Chase's space case : paw patrol
Emergency services leadership : a contemporary approach
IAMSAR Manual : International aeronautical and maritime search and rescue manual. Vol. 3. Organization and management
Civil protection systems in the Baltic Sea region : towards integration in civil protection training
Essays on the performance of fire and rescue services
An introduction to safety at sea
Pawsome teamwork
Glacier mountaineering : an illustrated guide to glacier travel and crevasse rescue
IAMSAR manual  : International aeronautical and maritime search and rescue manual. Vol. 1, Organization and management
Ilmailukartta = Aeronautical chart : SAR : ICAO 1:500000.. 2103D, Helsinki west
International humanitarian assistance : disaster relief actions in international law and organization
Introduction to emergency management
Summer's child
Marshall to the resque!
Vade-mecum of civil protection in the European Union : liability
Rescue at sea : an international history of lifesaving, coastal rescue craft and organisations
Diary of a pilot
IAMSAR manual : International aeronautical and maritime search and rescue manual. Vol 2, Mission co-ordination
Flood hazard reduction management system for the Beijing area : technical analysis
IAMSAR manual : International aeronautical and maritime search and rescue manual. Vol. 2, Mission co-ordination
IAMSAR manual : International aeronautical and maritime search and rescue manual. Vol. 1, Organization and management
Job demands and assessment of the physical work capacity of fire fighters
