http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1010 crop
crop
In the short growing season of the northernmost European growing conditions, farmers are increasingly interested in expanding cultivation of later maturing crops at the expense of early maturing ones with lower yields. In this study we aimed to assess how the switching between spring cereals that differ in earliness was associated with different external factors. This was tested using unique datasets for regional cropping areas and cultivar use for the last 15 years. Early maturing barley was favored at the expense of later maturing wheat when a high number of days to crop maturity was required in the preceding year. In contrast, farmers reduced the barley area when a high number of cumulated degree days was required for a crop to mature in the previous year. A shift was recorded from early to late maturing cultivars. This study indicated that despite limited opportunities for farmers to alter land use, they readily responded to past conditions and used the knowledge gained for decision-making to reduce risk. This is a valuable operative model for studying adaptation to opportunities and constraints induced by climate change.
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2010 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Crop loss assessment and pest management
Fat reserves and moult-migration overlap in goldcrests, Regulus regulus - a trade-off?
Carbon dioxide enrichment of greenhouse crops. Vol. 2, Physiology, yield, and economics
Reducing grain damage in naked oat through gentle harvesting
Effect of fertilization on flowering and seed crop in Scots pine seed orchards
The coverage of bilberry (Vaccinium myrtillus L.) was modelled as a function of site and stand characteristics using the permanent sample plots of the National Forest Inventory (NFI) (Model 1). The sample sites consisted of mineral soil forests as well as fells and peatland sites. Annual variation in the bilberry yield (Model 2) was analysed based on measurements over 2001-2014 in the permanent sample plots (so-called MASI plots) in various areas of Finland. We derived annual bilberry yield indices from the year effects of Model 2 and investigated whether these indices could be used to estimate annual variation in bilberry crops in Finland. The highest bilberry coverage was found in mesic heath forests and fell forests. On peatlands the coverage was, on average, lower than on mineral soil sites; the peatland sites with most bilberry coverage were meso-oligotrophic and oligotrophic spruce mires and oligotrophic pine mires. Our bilberry yield indices showed similar variation to those derived from the mean annual berry yields reported and calculated earlier using the MASI plots; the correlation between the indices was 0.795. This approach to calculating annual berry yield indices is a promising way for estimating total annual bilberry yields over a given period of time. Models 1 and 2 can be used in conjunction with the Miina et al.'s (2009) bilberry yield model when bilberry coverage, average annual yield and annual variation in the yield are to be predicted in forest planning..
Triticale improvement and production
Postharvest biotechnology of fruits. Vol. 2
Land and crop management in the hilly terrains of Central America : lessons learned and farmer-to-farmer transfer of technologies
Crop yields and supply of nitrogen compared in conventional and organic farming systems
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2008 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
The fertilization value of human excreta for cabbage and potato growth
Post-harvest physiology of food crops
Modern corn production
Yield and quality of vegetables fertilized with human urine and wood ash
Yield trends of temperate cereals in high lattitude countries from 1940 to 1998.
Effect of annually repeated undersowing on cereal grain yields
Commercial cooling of fruits, vegetables, and flowers
This paper quantifies the spring wheat yield conditional on temperature- and rainfall-based weather indices in Finland. The estimating equations are standardized and simplified so that they provide information for designing tradable contracts. A simple basket of weather indices, consisting of growing degree days, night frost and rainfall measures, has the potential to hedge about 38% of the wheat grower yield risk, with the remaining 62% being left as uninsured basis risk. Our results have several important implications for the design of simple and tractable weather index-based insurance contracts. The data suggest that the marginal products of weather events have a large variation across time and they are the most significant within certain critical time periods. Therefore, the weather events triggering the indemnity payments should be bounded within certain critical time regimes over their distribution along the growing season.
Harvest index in a progeny test of Scots pine with reference to the model of selection
Effects of different paper mulches on soil temperature and yield of cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.) in the temperate zone
Response of P, K, Mg and NO3-N contents of carrots to irrigation, soil compaction, and nitrogen fertilisation
Effect of photoperiod and the duration of short day treatment on vegetative and generative growth of strawberry 'Korona'
The Intelligent gardener : growing nutrient dense food
Seed production characters and germination performance of reed canary grass in Finland
The self-sufficient life and how to live it : the complete back-to-basics guide
Ozone pollution : a hidden threat to food security :report prepared by the ICO Vegetation
Economics of agricultural crop insurance : theory and evidence
The effect of storage ageing and spring sprouting of seed tubers on the yield of three potato varieties in the Finnish Lapland : Research Note
Conventional and organic cropping system at Suitia = Suitian viljelyjärjestelmät
Alterations in growth and canopy architecture among dwarf, semidwarf and tall oat lines grown under northern conditions
Effect on yield, total phenolic, total flavonoid and total isothiocyanate content of two broccoli cultivars (Brassica oleraceae var italica) following the application of a commercial brown seaweed extract (Ascophyllum nodosum)
Mycotoxin survey of wheat samples graded according to their technological quality
Taste, memory : forgotten foods, lost flavors and why they matter
Proceedings of the VIIth International Postharvest Symposium : Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Plant growth regulators to manipulate oat stands
Survival of food crops and livestock in the event of nuclear war : proceedings of a symposium held at Brookhaven National Laboratory Upton, Long Island, New York, September 15-18, 1970
Influence of temperature on bud break, shoot growth, flower bud atrophy and winter production of glasshouse roses : Proefschrift ter verkrijging van de graad van doctor in de landbouwwetenschappen, op gezag van de rector magnificus, dr. C. C. Osterlee, in het openba
Role of aphids in cereal production
Catastrophic yield risks and the demand for crop insurance in Finland
Possible effects of climate change on potato crops in Estonia
Field experiments were conducted to evaluate the effect of an unfortified extract, of Ascophyllum nodosum on yield and nutritional quality of two broccoli cultivars ("Ironman" and "Red Admiral"). Total phenolic, total flavonoid, and total isothiocyanates content were higher in all seaweed treatments compared to the untreated control. In "Ironman" there was a 2.2 fold increase in total phenolic, 1.5 fold in total flavonoid and 2.6 fold in total isothiocyanates content, in the higher application rate compared to the control. Similarly in "Red Admiral", there was a 2.3 fold increase in total phenolic, 2.6 fold in total flavonoid and, 2.2 fold in total isothiocyanates content. There was a consistent effect on the increase of total phenolic, total flavonoid and total isothiocyanates content, while there was no yield increase recorded at the lower seaweed application rate. Results suggest that application of seaweed extracts can significantly increase the amount of phytochemicals and improve the nutritional quality of broccoli.
Clubroot, caused by Plasmodiophora brassicae Woronin, is a serious plant disease of cruciferous plants. A field survey of occurrence of clubroot in oilseed fields was conducted in Finland in 2007−2009 and in 1984−1989. At present, the disease is distributed throughout the oilseed cultivation area. Clubroot was found on average from 30% of fields, but its severity was low; fields with high numbers of infected plants and plants with severe symptoms were rare. According to the survey, cultivation frequency of cruciferous plants is the most important factor affecting clubroot occurrence and severity. Clubroot was found in soils with a wide range of pH-values (pH 5-7.6), but symptoms were most severe at low pH. According to the survey, and greenhouse and field trials, high temperature and moisture during the early growth period seem to favour disease development and can cause significant yield losses. In a survival trial, clubroot declined to close to zero after four years in the absence of host plants, but traces of the pathogen were still detectable after a 19-year trial period, making eradication of the pathogen very difficult.
Seed viability and vigour play important roles in seedling emergence, plant stand establishment and yield potential. The majority of cereal fields in Finland are typically sown with farm saved seed (FSS). If the quality of the seed is not known, there can be insidious yield reduction. This research was conducted to study the effects of seed quality on seedling emergence rate, seedling number and yielding capacity. The study comprised three-year field experiments conducted during 2007-2009, established at three sites: Jokioinen, Nousiainen and Ylistaro. Spring barley cultivars Saana (2007) and Annabell (2008-2009) were sown at rate of 500 germinating seeds m-2. Five seed lots were included as treatments: farm saved seed (FSS); downgraded seed <2.5 mm (FSS<2.5 mm); upgraded seed >2.7 mm (FSS>2.7 mm); upgraded seed >2.7 mm with disinfection (FSS>2.7 mm + dis); and commercial certified seed with disinfection (CCS). Up- and down-graded seed lots (FSS<2.5 mm, FSS>2.7 mm, and FSS>2.7 mm + dis) all originated from the FSS. Seedling emergence rate was measured from the time when coleoptiles started to break through the soil surface. The number of seedlings (3 × 1 m row per plot) was recorded at five-day intervals four times from the same rows. Plots were harvested at physiological maturity and grain yield (kg ha-1), hectolitre weight (HLW, kg) single grain weight (SGW, mg) and grain protein content (%) were recorded. Seed lots of CCS and FSS>2.7 mm + dis enhanced seedling emergence rate and increased the number of plants compared with other treatments. These two seed lots also produced the highest grain yield and had the lowest grain protein. Seed quality had an apparent effect on plant stand establishment and grain yield. A seed lot effect was evident despite identical targeted sowing rates that took into account germination rate and seed weight. Therefore, differences in seedling emergence and yielding capacity were likely outcomes of variation in seed vigour among the five treatments.
Contents of trichothecenes in oats during official variety, organic cultivation and nitrogen fertilization trials in Finland
Yield of white currants as related to applied fertilizers, soil analyses and leaf analyses
Modelling bilberry and cowberry yields in Finland : different approaches to develop models for forest planning calculations
Agronomic characteristics and phytochemical profiles of advanced June-bearing strawberry lines for the northern Canadian climate
Applications of remote sensing in agriculture
Variation in biomass related variables of reed canary grass
Yield formation and quality characteristics of early potatoes during a short growing period
Yield potential of chive : effects of cultivar, plastic mulch and fertilisation
Yield formation of spring rye at high latitudes with reference to seeding rate and plant growth regulation
Field crops in a CO2-enriched atmosphere
Crop and soil specific N and P efficiency and productivity in Finland
Commercial aspects of the mushroom yield in fertilized forests
Fertilizers, crop quality and economy : proceedings of a study week on the use of fertilizers and their effect on crop growth, with emphasis on quality and economy : april 10th -16 th, 1972
Yield and quality of winter oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) seeds in response to foliar application of boron
Proheksadioni-kalsiumin vaikutus mansikan kasvuun avomaalla = Effect of Prohexadione-calcium on the growth of strawberry in the open
Proceedings of the XXV International Horticultural Congress : Brussels, Belgium 2-7 August, 1998. Part 8, Quality of horticultural products. Storage and processing. New outlooks on postharvest biology and technology. Potentiality of processing of underutilized fruits of the tropics
Plant nutrition : growth and diagnosis
Forage conservation and feeding
The aim of organic agriculture is to produce food of high nutritional quality in sufficient quantity. Field experiments were conducted to evaluate the effect of organic and conventional growing systems on (i) total amounts and supply of N taken up or applied to plants during a five year crop cycle period and (ii) crops total dry matter (DM) yield obtained during same period. The total DM yields from the organic treatments were 25-33% smaller than from the conventional treatments. The ratio of N output/N input was significantly the smallest in the organic treatment with cattle manure, where only 37% of all supplied N was used by plants during the crop cycle period. The organic fertiliser with faster mineralisation rate and splitting the application of organic N during crop cycle period would be more appropriate to supply sufficient quantities of N during rapid plant growth and to obtain higher crop yields in organic farming systems.
Developing a hybrid breeding system for turnip rape
Reed canary grass - observations of effects on crop stand and fibre quality caused by infestation of Epicalamus phalaridis
Plant breeding reviews. 24 Part 2, Long-term selection: crops, animals, and bacteria
Growth and competition in plant stands
The effect of new cultivation practices on the yield, cane growth and health status of red raspberry (Rubus idaeus l.) in Finland
Potential crop production : a case study
Low grain protein often restricts the use of grain lots for milling in Finland. Nitrogen availability during grain-filling may restrict grain protein accumulation, particularly in high yielding environments. Slow-release fertilizers could potentially sustain nitrogen availability during the grain-filling period. The aim of this study was to increase plant nitrogen uptake, grain yield and grain protein response of spring wheat cultivar "Amaretto", using combinations of a regular and slow-release compound NPK fertilizer. Fertilizer treatment effects on grain yield was modest, however, slow-release fertilizer treatments lowered grain protein content as well as grain, straw and total plant N compared with control treatment. The total plant N was 10 to 27 kg ha-1 lower following application of slow-release fertilizer. The results clearly indicate that the release of N by the slow-release fertilizer tested in this trial was too slow for cool Finnish growing conditions.
Creole genesis, attitudes and discourse : studies celebrating Charlene J. Sato
This paper presents the results of a 3-year field experiment conducted on soil with moderate levels of boron (B) in north-eastern Poland to determine the influence of foliar application of B (0, 150 and 300 g ha-1) on the yield components, yield, mineral composition, nutritional value and feed value of winter oilseed rape seeds. Foliar application of B at the beginning of bud formation in winter oilseed rape increased seed yield by 0.19 (3%) at the lower B fertilization level to 0.26 Mg ha-1 (4%) at the higher B fertilization level. The observed increase in the yield of winter oilseed rape seeds in response to foliar application of B can be attributed to this micronutrient's positive influence on seed production in siliques. Foliar fertilization with B increased B content and decreased Zn and Fe levels in the seeds of winter oilseed rape. When B fertilizer was applied at the rate of 150-300 g ha-1, the N and Ca content of the evaluated seeds increased. The fertilizer improved the nutritional value (crude fat content, fatty acid concentrations) of seeds, but deteriorated their feed value (total protein content, acid detergent fiber concentrations, neutral detergent fiber concentrations, quantitative and qualitative composition of glucosinolates)..
Crop management and postharvest handling of horticultural products. Volume 1, Quality management
Crop insurance for agricultural development : issues and experience
Crop production in Europe
The effect of rootstock on apple yield, productivity and alternate bearing was investigated at the Institute of Horticulture, Lithuanian Research Centre for Agriculture and Forestry during a six-year period in a full bearing orchard. Apple cultivars 'Ligol' and 'Auksis' grafted on M.26 semi-dwarf rootstock; M.9, B.396, P 66, P 67 and Pure 1 dwarf rootstocks; and P 59, P 22, P 61, P 62 and PB.4 super-dwarf rootstocks were tested. Rootstock had a significant effect on apple tree growth, average yield and cumulative yield efficiency. Alternate apple bearing did not depend on rootstock vigour. Constant correlations between bearing regularity, average yield and cumulative yield efficiency were not established and differed on a cultivar or rootstock level. On the average of both tested cultivars, a more regular apple yield was recorded on Pure 1, P 59 and B.396 rootstocks. A significantly higher alternate bearing index was established on P 67, P 62 and M.9 rootstocks.
Effects of repeated phosphorus fertilisation on field crops in Finland : 1, Yield responses on clay and loam soils in relation to soil test P values
Exploitation of physiological and genetic variability to enhance crop productivity
Trace element concentrations in the grain of wheat cultivars as affected by nitrogen fertilization
Principles and design of a prognosis system for an annual forecast of non-wood forest products
Lockhart & Wiseman's crop husbandry including grassland
Agriculture and environment : bringing food production and environmental protection in developing countries : proceedings of an international symposium sponsored by Division A-6 of the American Society of Agronomy in Cincinnati, OH, 7-12 November 1993
Crop physiology : some case histories
Three winter wheat cultivars were grown under low-N and high-N fertilization rates over two growing seasons. In spite of smaller 1000-grain weight, the high-N fertilization produced higher grain yields as well as grain N and trace element concentrations in both growing seasons. Trace element increments with high-N rate averaged 14.0% for Fe, 9.2% for Zn, 19.7% for Mn, 13.2% for Cu, 15.1% for Ni, and 23.0% for Cd. Only Na concentration was unaffected by N fertilization, whereas Pb and Cr were below detection limits. Absolutely small, but significant differences existed among tested cultivars for all trace elements and these cultivar effects were uniform on both N fertilization rates. However, cultivars differed in their rankings for trace element concentrations across two growing seasons and these specific responses appeared to be closely related to grain N.
Plant breeding and whole-system crop physiology : improving crop maturity, adaptation and yield
Tokihiro Sato : photographs : photo respiration :  [Art Institute of Chicago, 15.1. - 8.5.2005] / [edited by Elozabeth Stepina ; assistant curator of photography: Elizabeth Siegel]
Climate change impact and adaptation in agricultural systems
Climate and agriculture in China
Forward hedging under price and production risk of wheat
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Estimating fertilizer requirements : a quantitative approach
Postharvest physiology and pathology of vegetables
A method for risk analysis in cereals
The effect of rootstock on apple tree bearing stability in a cooler climate
International Symposium on Apricot Culture : Veria-Makedonia, Greece, 25-30 May, 1997. Vol. 2
The aim of the present study was to determine the influence of mineral and peat soil condition on the growth, yield and nutrient uptake of some half-highbush blueberry cultivars. The peat soil experimental site was located in a harvested (milled) peat field. Four half-highbush blueberry (  Vaccinium spp.) cultivars (five- and six-year-old plants) were used in the experiment: "Aino", "Alvar", "Arne", and "Northblue". Environmental conditions exercised a considerable influence on biological processes of half-highbush blueberry, at the same time, a genotype-based variation was observed. Cultivar "Northblue" had a higher yield in mineral soil and "Aino" had the highest yield in peat soil considering the average of two years. The peat soil condition in the harvested peat field provided a better supply of nutrients for blueberry bushes compared to mineral soil and this, in its turn, secured better growth and a higher yield of blueberry bushes.
Modelling the coverage and annual variation in bilberry yield in Finland
Regional P stocks in soil and in animal manure as compared to P requirement of plants in Finland : Baltic Forum for Innovative Technologies for Sustainable Manure Management : WP4 Standardisation of manure types with focus on phosphorus
Maize and winter wheat production with different soil tillage systems on silty loam
Meat and bone meal (MBM) is a by-product of the meat industry and is an important pathway for recycling of N and P. MBM contains about 8% N, 5% P, 1% K and 10% Ca. Field trials compared the effects of MBM and mineral  fertilizer on yield and quality of sugar beet (2008-2009) and carrot (2010-2011) in Finland. MBM fertilisation of sugar beet grown on clay loam and sandy clay soil gave 11.4% (2008) and 19.6% (2009) lower yields than mineral fertilizers. The lower root yield in 2008 was compensated by higher extractable sugar content and lower amino-N, K and Na in root but no such compensation in root quality was detected for 2009. Mixing MBM with mineral NPK fertilizers had similar effects as MBM-alone. MBM (80 kg N ha-1 2010 and 60 kg N ha-1 2011) together with K fertilizer (Patentkali®, 180 kg K ha-1) were applied for carrot to a fine sandy till soil in 2010 and sandy loam in 2011. MBM alone gave 14% lower total and marketable root yield than mineral fertilization. The lower yield was compensated by improved quality, lower NO3- content in the carrot and good storability. Adding extra fertilizer during growth or separating fertilization applications had no effect on root yield or quality. MBM performed in these cases mainly as an organic N fertilizer. The N supply from MBM is not sufficient for achieving same yields as with mineral fertilizers. The relative N efficiency of total N of MBM was 83% that of mineral fertilizers. MBM should be targeted on soils with low P status.  We conclude that MBM is a reasonably competitive alternative to mineral fertilizers, and as a recycled fertilizer it is a good option for organic production.
Breeding high yielding forage varieties combined with high seed yield : report of the meeting of the Fodder Crops Section at the Centre of Agricultural Research in Merelbeke - Gent (Belgium) 8-10 September 1981.
Climatic signatures in crops and grain prices in 19th-century Sweden
β-Glucan contents of groats of different oat cultivars in official variety, in organic cultivation, and in nitrogen fertilization trials in Finland
International Symposium on Postharvest Treatment of Horticulural Crops : Kecskemét, Hungary 30th-3rd September 1993
Seed loss as a result of pod shatter in spring rape and spring turnip rape in Finland : Research Note
Effect of climate change in the North on growth, yield formation and photosynthesis of spring wheat and meadow fescue
The effect of different paper mulches and two different biodegradable plastic mulches on the yield of field-grown cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.) was examined. The studies were conducted during two climatically different growing seasons 2011 and 2012 in Southern Finland.  All the mulches increased the yield as compared to bare ground. In 2011, cucumbers on all the mulches with a dark upper surface produced higher yields than those on kraft paper alone. In 2012, when the average temperatures were lower than in 2011, there were no differences in yield between different types of mulches. Soil temperatures of the experimental plots were monitored throughout the growing seasons. The mulches with a dark-colored upper surface increased the soil temperature more than the ones with a light-colored upper surface. The soil warming effect of the mulches was greater during early season and diminished when the plants grew larger and their leaves covered most of the mulch surface. There was no need for weed control except in uncovered plots. In conclusion, during both years dark-colored paper mulch was comparable to biodegradable film in yield production and could replace it as a mulch material in cucumber production.
Potatoes postharvest
FAO seed review. 1979-80
Efficacy of fungicide tebuconazole in barley varieties with different resistance level
Correcting yield in agricultural experimentation
Postharvest physiology of vegetables
The urban homestead : your guide to self-sufficient living in the heart of the city
Biogas production from high-yielding energy crops in boreal conditions
The influence of honeybee pollination on turnip rape (Brassica campestris) yield and yield components
Dead space : Catalyst
Selenium content of Finnish oats in 1997-1999 : effect of cultivars and cultivation techniques
Proceedings of the VIIth International Strawberry Symposium : Beijing, China, February 18-22, 2012
An early crop yield estimation method for Finnish conditions : the crop growth monitoring system of the Joint Research Centre with and without remotely sensed and other additional input data
Proceedings of the Europe-Asia Symposium on Qualitya Management in Postharvest Systems (Eurasia 2007) : Bankok, Thailand, December 3-6, 2007
Effects of repeated phosphorus fertilisation on field crops in Finland : 2, Sufficient phosphorus application rates on silty and sandy soils
Summary.
Development of yield and nutritive value of timothy in primary growth and regrowth in northern growing conditions
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2011 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
An introduction into applied soil hydrology
7th International Oat Conference : proceedings
Relationships between climate and winter cereal grain quality in Finland and their potential for forecasting
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = Landbrukstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Proceedings of the IInd Asia Pacific Symposium on Postharvest Research, Education and Extension : Yogyakarta, Indonesia, September 18-20, 2012
Simulation of spring wheat responses to elevated CO2 and temperature by using CERES-wheat crop model
Estimates of wild berry yields in Finland
Sward and milk production response to early turnout of dairy cows to pasture in Finland
The interaction between the length of a dry spell and leaf area index on grain yield of pearl millet (Pennisetum glaucum)
Foliar application of glycinebetaine and physiological response in tomato and turnip rape
Effects of defoliation height on regrowth of timothy and meadow fescue in the generative and vegetative phases of growth
Crop yield response to water
Soil water requirements and reponse to fertilisation of barley in Northern Ethiopia = Krav til jordråme og utslag for gjødsling hos bygg i Nord-Etiopia
Physiology and determination of crop yield
The effects of three mulching systems on total yield, average yield per plant, average fruit weight, soluble solids content (SSC), titratable acidity (TA), firmness and oxygen radical absorbance capacity (ORAC) of two newly developed lines ("Orléans" and "Saint Pierre"), one advanced selection ("SJ8976-1") and two commonly used cultivars ("Jewel" and "Kent") were evaluated. The studied mulching systems were: plastic mulch (PM), mulch with row cover (PMRC), and matted-row system (MRS). Results showed that plastic mulch with row cover (PMRC) generally increased yield per plant, average fruit weight, SSC, firmness and ORAC, but differences varied within harvest times. No significant differences in total yield and TA were observed under the selected mulching systems. Both PMRC and PM accelerated the harvest periods compared to MRS. "Kent" and "Jewel" had the highest total yield while "SJ8976-1" and "St-Pierre" had the highest average fruit weight. The highest SSC, TA and ORAC were found in "Jewel". There was no interaction between the mulching systems and genotypes, indicating that the effect of production system is independent of cultivars. PMRC seems to be a better growing system, improving fruit quality and increasing the nutritional value of all genotypes. By allowing off-season fruit production in cool climates, PMRC can be an alternative method to the costly high tunnels.
Nitrogen fertilization and yield formation of potato during a short growing period
Insure or invest in green technologies to protect against adverse weather events?
Some measurement problems in the 1986/87 agricultural sample survey in Tanzania : report from a minor field study
Principles of crop production : theory, techniques and technology
Vields of wild berries and edible mushrooms in North Karelia, Finland
Occurrence of Plasmodiophora brassicae in Finnish turnip rape and oilseed rape fields
Effect of mulching and fertilization on the quality of strawberries
The development of the yield and nutritive value of timothy (Phleum pratense L.) both in the primary growth and in the regrowth were studied at MTT Plant Production Research, a unit of MTT Agrifood Research Finland, in Rovaniemi (66°35'N) in 1999-2001. The dry matter yield and leaf:stem ratio were measured from the crop samples, and the contents of crude protein and organic matter digestibility of both whole plant samples and leaf and stem fractions were analysed. In primary growth, the most rapid increase of dry matter, 220-240 kg/ha per day, was measured around the beginning of the heading stage. There was a very strong positive correlation between the proportion of stems and the amount of dry matter in the primary yield. The daily growth rate of the regrowth was less than half of that of the primary growth. The fastest decrease, 1 percentage unit per day, in crude protein content was measured at the pasture stage (4-5 -leaf stage). During the entire sampling period, the average daily decline in crude protein content in the primary growth of timothy was 0.65 percentage units. The main cause for the rapid decline in crude protein content was the high proportion of stem matter and its low protein content. In the regrowth, during the last four weeks before the harvest, the average daily decline in crude protein content was 0.28 percentage units.The average decline in organic matter digestibility from early pasture stage to late silage stage was 0.9 percentage units per day. The most remarkable change was noticed at the growth stage of timothy when about the half of stems were heading and it was then that the digestibility decreased by more than one percentage unit per day. The rapid decline in organic matter digestibility was due to the low digestibility of stem matter. The daily change in forage digestibility in the regrowth was very small, on average 0.11%.
Handbook of quantitative forest genetics
Rodents and rice : report and proceedings of an expert panel meeting on rice rodent control, Los Banos, Sept. 10-14, 1990
Variability in grain yields : implications for agricultural research and policy in developing countries
Farming practices and crop production : an exploratory study of farming strategies vs. maizeproduction in Makanya village, Tanzania
Evaluation of mulching in organically grown black currant (Ribes nigrum) in terms of its effects on the crop and the environment
Proceedings of the IInd International Symposium on Discovery and Development of Innovative Strategies for Postharvest Disease Management : Kusadasi, Turkey, April 28-May 2, 2013
Postharvest biotechnology of fruits. Vol. 1
Seed quality effects on seedling emergence, plant stand establishment and grain yield in two-row barley
Effect of harvest time on storage loss and sprouting in onion
Grain marketing is simple : it's just not easy
Influence of soil type on half-highbush blueberry productivity
The effect of frequency and height of cutting on cocksfoot swards
CRC handbook of agricultural productivity. Vol. 1, Plant productivity
Nitrogen fertilizer rates, N balances, and related risk of N leaching in Finnish agriculture
Nutrient solution aeration and growing cycles affect quality and yield of fresh-cut baby leaf red lettuce
Finnish Grain Quality in 2013.
Eleven advanced strawberry lines ("SJ011‑10", "SJ0440‑2", "SJ061‑8", "SJ066‑3", "SJ069‑3", "SJ069‑12", "SJ0814‑37", "SJ8518‑11", "K04‑12", "LL0220‑10" and "V151") were evaluated for their yield, fruit quality, total phenolic content, total antioxidant capacity, and phenolic composition, and were compared with a commercial cultivar ("Wendy"). The results showed that "SJ069‑3" had excellent soluble solids content, mid-level titratable acidity, low weight loss, and the best firmness among all the cultivars. Higher total antioxidant capacity was found in "SJ069‑3", according to ferric reducing antioxidant power and oxygen radical absorbance capacity assays, an indication that "SJ069‑3" is a promising new cultivar for the fresh market. In addition to rich individual phenolics, "SJ061‑8" had the highest total antioxidant capacity, which was significantly different from the other genotypes, suggesting the potential use of this line as parent material in breeding or as a functional food ingredient. There was a strong relationship between total antioxidant capacity and total phenolic content, according to Folin-Ciocalteu, ferric reducing antioxidant power, and oxygen radical absorbance capacity assays. This study confirms that anthocyanins are major phenolic compounds contributing to the main antioxidant power of strawberries.
Proceedings of the VIIth International Symposium on Kiwifruit : Faenza, Italy September 12-17, 2010
Harvesting strategy and N fertilization influence 134Cs uptake by forage plants
Proceedings of the IIIrd International Conference on Postharvest and Quality Management of Horticultural Products of Interest for Tropical Regions : "Postharvest Technological Initiatives to Improve Food Security and Market Access", Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago, July 1-5, 2013
Variation in flowering abundance and its impact on the genetic diversity of the seed crop in a Norway spruce seed orchard
Proceedings of the Eleventh International Asparagus Symposium : Hort, The Netherlands, June 16-19, 2005
The aim of this study was to determine the effect of meat and bone meal (MBM) used as an organic fertilizer on maize grown for grain. A two-factorial field experiment in a randomized block design was carried out in 2010 and 2011, in north-eastern Poland. Experimental factor I was MBM dose (1.0, 1.5, 2.0 and 2.5 t ha-1 year-1), and experimental factor II was the year of the study (two consecutive years). Increasing MBM doses contributed to an increase in maize grain yield and 1000-grain weight. The yield-forming effect of MBM applied at 1.5 t ha-1 year-1 was comparable with that of nitrogen and phosphorus contained in mineral fertilizers. A dose of 2.5 t ha-1 MBM led to a significant increase in maize grain yield. The P and K content of maize grain was determined by MBM dose, whereas the concentrations of N, Mg and Ca in grain were not affected by MBM dose. Significantly higher N, P, K and Mg uptake by maize plants was observed in treatments with the highest MBM dose, compared with the control tratment. Nitrogen and phosphorus uptake per 1 t MBM reached 101 kg and 26 kg, respectively. The results of a two-year study show that the maximum MBM dose (2.5 t ha-1 year-1) met the fertilizer requirements of maize with respect to nitrogen and phosphorus.
Growth, stagantion or decline? : acricultural productivity in British India
Regional expert models for bilberry and cowberry yields in Finland
Eri kasvuvaiheisiin ajoittuvan veden puutteen vaikutukset vehnän (Triticum aestivum L.) sadon muodostukseen = Effects of water deficit stress on yield formation of wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) at different growth stages
Cotton "leaf burn" : symptoms and effects on cotton yields
Status of research and application of crop biotechnologies in developing countries : preliminary assessment
The control of soil fertility
Barley science : recent advances from molecular biology to agronomy of yield and quality
Third International Strawberry Symposium : Veldhoven, the Netherlands, 29 April - 4 May 1996. Vol. 2
Wheat grain samples from 108 fields in Slovakia were analysed for their technological quality parameters and deoxynivalenol (DON) content. A total of 206 samples were sorted into those that were suitable (S; n = 186) and those that were unsuitable for human consumption (U; n = 20). The S samples were sorted into grain quality grades (E - elite; A - standard; B - minimum; P - biscuit). The natural occurrences of DON were 72.3 % in the E; 84.9 % in the A; 86.1 % in the B; 58.1 % in the P and 100.0 % in the U samples. The mean DON content was 0.55 mg kg−1 in the E; 0.47 mg kg−1 in the A; 0.67 mg kg−1 in the B; 0.36 mg kg−1 in the P and 1.67 mg kg−1 in the U samples. The natural mean DON contamination of the human consumption samples was lower (0.52 mg kg−1) than for the samples that were unsuitable for human consumption (1.67 mg kg−1).
Predicting the yield of spring wheat by weather indices in Finland : implications for designing weather index insurances
Pre- and postharvest development of carrot yield and quality
Effects of traffic and fertilization levels on grass yields in northern Norway
This book focuses on future global climate change and its implications for agricultural systems which are the main sources of agricultural goods and services to society. This book brings together a series of chapters providing scientific insights to possible implications of projected climate changes for different crop types and livestock systems.
Red clover grown in a mixture with grasses : yield, persistence and dynamics of quality characteristics
Achieving high groundnut yields : proceedings of an international workshop, 25-29 August 1995, Shandong Peanut Research Institute (SPRI), Laixi, Shandong, China
Slow-release fertilizer to increase grain N content in spring wheat
Plan for the development of an innovative workplace for the Sato Corporation
Effect of liming on yield and quality of pepperment and Sachalin mint in fine sand soil of Northern Finland
Respiration and crop productivity
Proceedings of the IInd International Conference on Postharvest and Quality Management of Horticultural Products of Interest for Tropical Regions = Memorias de la II Conferencia Internacional en el Manejo Poscosecha y Calidad de Productos Hortícolas de Interés en el Trópico, Bogotá, Colombia, November 2-4, 2011
FAO seed review. 1984-85
Estimation of agricultural crop production using satellite information = Satelliittikuvien käyttö maatalouden sadontuotannon arvioinnissa
Effects of meat bone meal as fertilizer on yield and quality of sugar beet and carrot
Mineral nutrition of crops : fundamentals mechanisms and implications
The objective of this research was to study the effects of nutrient solution aeration [no aeration (NA), low aeration (LA) or high aeration (HA)] and growing cycle (autumn, winter and summer) on the yield, quality, and shelf life of red lettuce as a fresh-cut product grown in a floating system. The specific leaf area, yield and root diameter were affected by the growing cycle. The percentage of dry matter and the nitrate content were affected by growing cycle and aeration, total phenolics and mesophilic microorganism by aeration and storage time, hue angle and chromacity by growing cycle and storage time, and antioxidant capacity, vitamin C, lightness and psychrophilic microorganisms were affected by all three factors. NA conditions increased the antioxidant capacity in summer and vitamin C content in winter. The lowest mesophilic and psychrophilic count was observed in autumn. The effect of aeration on most of the quality parameters measured was influenced by the growing cycle.
Impacts of the fertilizer subsidy programme in Malawi : targeting, household perceptions and preferences
Do farmers rapidly adapt to past growing conditions by sowing different proportions of early and late maturing cereals and cultivars?
Proceedings of the Finnish-Soviet Symposium on [Non-]Timber Forest Resources in Jyväskylä, Finland, 25-29 August 1986
Offers a comprehensive examination of international potato production. This book discusses how potatoes are managed post harvest, the underlying science behind practices and the influences that can affect final quality. It also describes potato physiology, harvesting techniques and loading procedures as well as optimum storage conditions.
Spring barley yield and nitrogen recovery after application of peat manure and pig slurry
The effect of increasing doses of meat and bone meal (MBM) on maize (Zea mays L.) grown for grain
Effect of mulching systems on fruit quality and phytochemical composition of newly developed strawberry lines
