http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10103 subventions
subventions
Report of the Second Ad Hoc Meeting of Intergovernmental Organizations on Work Programmes Related to Subsidies in Fisheries : Rome, 4-5 July 2002.
A billion dollars a day : the economics and politics of agricultural subsidies
Competition rules in the EEC and the ECSC applicable into state aids
Conclusions (s. 112-121).
Financing economic development : an institutional response
Subsidies in international trade
Report of the Technical Consultation on the Use of Subsidies in the Fisheries Sector, Rome, 30 June - 2 July 2004.
The impacts of government subsidies to the competition and does the repairing of market imperfections justify the use of subsidies : case Boeing versus Airbus
Regional labour and capital subsidies : theory and evidence of the impact on employment under wage bargaining
State and market in European Union law : the public and private spheres of the internal market before the EU courts
Economic impacts of the enlargement of the European Union : analysing the importance of direct payments
Greening the budget : budgetary policies for environmental improvement
Anti-dumping and other trade protection laws of the EC
National policies and agricultural trade : country study. United States
The interface of international trade law and taxation : defining the role of the WTO
Report of the Expert Consultation on Identifying, Assessing and Reporting on Subsidies in the Fishing Industry : Rome, 3-6 December 2002.
Techno-economic performance of marine capture fisheries
The law of state aid in the European Union
Guide for identifying, assessing and reporting on subsidies in the fisheries sector
Report of the Expert Consultation on Economic Incentives and Responsible Fisheries : Rome, 28 November-1 December 2000.
Introducing fisheries subsidies
Economic studies on higher education and productivity
Using the market for cost-effective environmental policy : market-based instruments in Europe
The nordic model for supporting artists : public support for artists in Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden
Regional labour and capital subsidies
Keynes Hayek : the clash that defined modern economics
Report of the Ad Hoc Meeting of Intergovernmental Organizations on Work Programmes Related to Subsidies in Fisheries : Rome, 21-22 May 2001.
Report of the Third Ad Hoc Meeting of Intergovernmental Organizations on Work Programmes Related to Subsidies in Fisheries : Rome, 23-25 July 2003.
EU anti-subsidy law & practice
Farming for farmers? : a critique of agricultural support policy
