http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10140 professionalism
professionalism
Professionalism and politics in management consultancy work
Why we write : the politics and practice of writing for social change
The Chinese journalist : mediating information in the world's most populous country
"Global Perspectives in Professional Reasoning is the first text of its kind to address the broader scope of occupational therapy practice and the different types of professional reasoning that can be employed; including strategic, political, non-linear and creative reasoning. This text encompasses a wide range of thinking skills and cognitive processes used by occupational therapists, from reflecting on practice to solving problems, and from clinical reasoning to strategic reasoning. Marilyn Cole and Jennifer Creek and their contributors, are therapists, educators, and scholars who have explored new areas of professional practice and written about the thought processes that reinforced their actions. The authors come from around the world, providing a global perspective while also demonstrating that occupational therapists within different cultures serve remarkably similar human needs: to be included in their communities, to have occupational choices, and to determine their own life course. Many of the contributors in Global Perspectives in Professional Reasoning have identified and analyzed their own thought processes as they tackle complex and challenging tasks, often in unfamiliar contexts. These challenging tasks have produced several entirely original conceptualizations of professional reasoning, such as developmental and spiritual reasoning. The contributors start by observing what is going on, try to make sense of the situation, and then work out what to do. Other contributors are fascinated by a theory, a policy or an approach, study it, and then look for ways to utilize it in practice. Most of the time, contributors focus their attention on the process of reasoning rather than on the specific types of reasoning they are employing, or on desired outcomes"--
Beyond educational reform : bringing teachers back in
Secrets of digital illustration : a master class in commercial image-making
25 biggest mistakes teachers make and how to avoid them
Identity, agency and the acquisition of professional language and culture
Critical practice in health and social care
Professional care and vocation : cultivating ethical sensibilities in teaching
Professionalismin tulevaisuus = The future of professionalism
Professionalism and accounting rules
The professionalization of Finnish local politics : findings from two pilot studies
Careers in focus : family and consumer sciences
Modernising social work : critical considerations
Transformative practice : new pathways to leadership
Investigating the teacher's life and work
Media occupations and professions : a reader
Managing public relations
Sociology in the professions
The professional practice of rehabilitation counseling
Work and integrity : the crisis and promise of professionalism in America
Prestige in academic life : excellence and exclusion
New relationships in the organised professions : managers, professionals and knowledge workers
"Becoming" a professional : an interdisciplinary analysis of professional learning
Making journalists : diverse models, global issues
Professionalism, the third logic : on the practice of knowledge
"Expanding the Role of the nurse considers the major issues influencing this developing role and explores how they affect practice. The nature of professional practice is discussed in detail, including discussions on the concepts of professionalism and role expansion. In the light of recent professional developments in nursing and midwifery, this book considers a range of issues affecting professional nursing and the role of the nurse. With contributions from recognized experts, this topical, critical and thoughtful book will be of interest to nurses at all stages of their careers, whether in clinical practice, education or management and represents a timely addition to nursing literature." --
"Foundations of Family and Consumer Sciences: Careers Serving Individuals, Families and Communities introduces the history of the profession and career opportunities. For each area, career opportunities are explored and trends are surveyed. Career planning strategies are described. Professional profiles and case studies give students an insight into the profession"--Provided by publisher.
"Our life work" : professional women and Christian values in early twentieth-century Finland
Psykososiaalisen työn kehittämisestä elämäntaitojen tukemiseen : Lifelong Learning and Knowledge Management koulutuksen lopputyö Windmill-tiimi 19.5.1999
Every school a great school : realizing the potential of system leadership
"Big" - from novice to professional ? : a study on the development of a subtitler
I as a teacher : student teacher's journey to professionalism by means of reflection
The active/ethical professional : a framework for responsible educators
The contested autonomy of arts and journalism : change and continuity in the dual professionalism of cultural journalism
Arkkitehdinammatin kehitys Suomessa = The development of the architectural profession in Finland
Negotiating teacher professionalism : on the symbolic politics of Sweden's teacher unions
The professions : roles and rules
Connecting teacher leadership and school improvement
The textile designer and the art of design : on the formation of profession in Finland, tekstiilitailijan ammatin muotoutuminen Suomessa
Finnish Social and Health Care Professionals in the United States of America
Liberating the learner : lessons for professional development in education
Comprehensive clinical psychology. Vol. 2, Professional issues
The changing profession of a journalist in Russia
Instant graphics : source and remix images for professional design
Professional perspectives in health care
Learning to become a professional in a textually-mediated world : a text-oriented study of placement practices
Professionalism reborn : theory, prophecy, and policy
Complexity and Ambivalence in Ship Safety Inspection : the view of Swedish Port state control officers
From the municipalities to the state: A new stage in the development of the profession? : a study of sign language interpreters’ views on the new booking system
Curriculum building in nursing : a process
Media power, professionals and policies
Translation competence and the localisation of games : creating an assessment method for a translation test
Professionalism and the rationalism of hopes : outlining a theoretical approach for a study on educational discourse
Pressures, rewards and teacher retention: a comparative study of primary teaching in England and Finland
Power in the highest degree : professionals and the rise of a new Mandarin order
Teacher competences in a changing school culture : a comparative analysis of teacher professionalism in England and Finland
Engaging teachers : towards a radical democratic agenda for schooling
Unpacking gendered professional power in the welfare state
The museums profession : internal and external relations
Engineering and society : an Australian perspective
Teachers learning in community / : realities and possibilities
Verifying personal relationship to the past : [väitöskirjat]
Abstract: Professional dominance? Lawyers and government in Finland.
Enhancing professional development of teachers by developing supervision into a conceptually-based practise
Welfare, exclusion and political agency
The media in transitional democracies
Professional nursing : concepts & challenges
The careless society : community and its counterfeits
The American journalist in the 21st century : U.S. news people at the dawn of a new millennium
Climate change, living environment and ways of life : a project outline
Facing the European challenge : the role of the professions in a wider Europe. Vol. 1, Creating European professionals
What is nursing? : exploring theory and practice
School, society, and the professional educator : a book of readings
Europa : Herausforderungen für die Alltagsbewältigung : Hauswirtschaft als Basis für soziale Veränderungen = Europe : challenges for everyday living : home economics as a vehicle for social changes
Deaf professionals and designated interpreters : a new paradigm
The vocation lectures
The doctor of nursing practice : a guidebook for role development and professional issues
Professional practice for podiatric medicine
Science in society : science policy and ethics
Cross-cultural caring : a handbook for health professionals
The International Council for Coaching Excellence (ICCE) : building the profession, strengthening the voice of coaches
Deaf interpreters at work : international insights
Narratives from the nursery : negotiating professional identities in early childhood
The political class in advanced democracies
School teachers : professional and demographic characteristics
After the czars and commissars : journalism in authoritarian post-Soviet Central Asia
Making news with citizens : public journalism and professional reflexivity in Finnish newspapers
Ideology and professional culture of journalists in Cuba : [confidences, dialogues and senses of a profession]
A contemporary history of social work : learning from the past
Thinking like an engineer : studies in the ethics of a profession
The professionalization of sociology : a comparative study: Germany - USA
International handbook of educational policy. Part 1
Practitioner research at doctoral level : developing coherent research methodologies
Mentoring and social work : mentoring handbook
Issues in the conservation of paintings
We all play games at work - but have you ever wondered how your identity becomes bound up with game playing? This book is about employees in the Higher Education workplace and it provides an interpretation of why people act the way they do at work as an expression of game playing. It offers an insight into how people try to adapt and fit in at work by looking at how value is attached to certain identities through the lens of class and gender. The figure of the 'chav', the 'emotional woman', 'The Grafter', and 'Mrs. Bucket', are explored in detail as representations of what kinds of people are permitted, or not, to fit in at work. These identities are topical, and may even be familiar to readers, but the author's analysis of them challenges why they exist, what function these identities serve at work, and who is able to deploy and inscribe them as part of the games people play at work.
Boundary issues in counseling : multiple roles and responsibilities
Basic concepts and models for interpreter and translator training
"This accessible and timely book builds upon and contributes to ongoing debates surrounding professionalism in the early years workforce. In a sector where policy is rapidly changing, Jayne Osgood challenges existing assumptions concerning professional identities and questions what broader lessons might be learnt about race, ethnicity, social class and gender in early years research and practice. This engaging text: Offers a thematic overview to the concept of professionalism in an increasingly critical area of study; Includes unique autobiographical contributions alongside new and compelling empirical evidence; Stimulates wider debates within a clear theoretical framework; Provides an in-depth examination of the individual views of early years practitioners. Addressing new debates and policies from a focussed academic perspective, Narratives from the Nursery provides inspirational and enlightening reading for practitioners, researchers, policy makers and students"-- Provided by publisher.
The professional social worker : meeting the challenge
Challenges in a changing world : issues in critical discourse analysis
Social work, once the rising star of the human service delivery professions has increasingly come under attack from politicians and the media, often following child abuse tragedies and particularly after the election of Margaret Thatcher in 1979. Subsequently private sector managerialism was introduced both to control what social workers do and how, as well as to reduce public expenditure. They had to cope with increased bureaucracy and given stringent targets aimed at rationing resources, leading to deprofessionalisation with organisations', rather than users', needs now dominating. From a critical perspective, this book charts social work's development over the last 150 years, pinpointing the present neo-liberal consensus as being at the root of the profession's current crisis. Notwithstanding the difficulties involved, it calls for a progressive, radical/critical practice based on social justice and social change. The book is essential reading for social work academics, students and experienced practitioners. Equally, social policy academics and students along with those in public policy and social science more generally will find it of interest.
Global perspectives in professional reasoning
Professional knowledge and professional practice
Foundations of family and consumer sciences : careers serving individuals, families, and communities
Developing critical professional practice in education
Journalists in the Russian regions : how different generations view their professional roles
Becoming and being a language teacher : evolving cognitions in the transition from student to teacher
The social meaning of work : aspects of the teaching profession in post-Soviet Russia
Modern times? : work, professionalism and citizenship in teaching
Teachers' life-cycle from initial teacher education to experienced professional : ATEE 2011 annual conference proceedings
A growing number of librarians are engaged with critical theories such as critical pedagogy, feminist theory, queer theory, critical race theory, or post-colonialism. Because librarians have backgrounds in all disciplines and inhabit a uniquely central space in our culture, they are combining these theories in unique ways. By remixing ideas from Foucault, Freire, hooks, and Habermas, new and creative practices are emerging. In this book you will hear the story of fourteen librarians and how they each came to be engaged in a critical practice. In each chapter a different academic or public librarian will be interviewed. Interviewees will include instruction librarians, catalogers, archivists, administrators, and library school professors. Discover what these librarians find inspirational about critical theories, how they work to create a critical practice in their professional lives, and how they see critical practices growing in our profession. Hear these librarians reflect on their own critical practices of librarianship and perhaps become inspired to begin a critical journey of your own.
New technology @ work
Teachers' professional dimensions and orientations competences and social participation in the process of community education
This new work explores the meaning and implications of professionalism as a form of social organization. Eliot Freidson formalizes professionalism by treating it as an ideal type grounded in the political economy he presents the concept as a third logic, or a more viable alternative to consumerism and bureaucracy. He asks us to imagine a world where workers with specialized knowledge and the ability to provide society with especially important services can organize and control their own work, without directives from management or the influence of free markets. Freidson then appraises the present status of professionalism, exploring how traditional and national variations in state policy and organization are influencing the power and practice of such professions as medicine and law. Widespread attacks by neoclassical economists and populists, he contends, are obscuring the social value of credentialism and monopolies. The institutions that sustain professionalism in our world are simply too useful to both capital and state to dismiss.
Advanced practice nursing : evolving roles for the transformation of the profession
Africa's media, democracy and the politics of belonging
Professional development in higher education : new dimensions & directions
What is professional social work?
International handbook of educational policy
Inheriting madness : psofessionalization and psychiatric knowledge in nineteenth-century France
Professional nursing concepts : competencies for quality leadership
Amateurism versus professionalism : redefining the Olympic debate
Ammattilaisuuden kriisit = The crises of professionalism
The making of nurse professionals : a transformational, ethical approach
Handbook of education, training, and supervision of school psychologists in school and community. Volume 2, bridging the training and practice gap : building collaborative university/field practices
Professional orientations and competences of teachers in a school and community context : social participation in the process of community education
The Conservator-Restorer's professional activity and status and its responsibility towards the cultural heritage : Florence, Palazzo degli Affari 29-31 May 1997.
Deaf Professionals and Designated Interpreters: A New Paradigm defines a new model that depends upon strong partnerships between the growing number of deaf experts and their interpreters. Editors Peter C. Hauser, Karen L. Finch, and Angela B. Hauser have called upon more than a score of widely respected researchers to discuss the new dynamics of interpreting for deaf professionals. Divided into two parts, this volume first delineates Designated Interpreting, in which interpreters team with deaf professionals to advance a shared point of view. Chapters in this section include the linguistics of the partnership (Look-Pause-Nod); the varying attitudes and behavior of deaf professionals and their interpreters; interaction in the work-related social setting to ensure equal participation; interpreting as affected by conversational style and gender factors; academic and educational interpreting for deaf academics; and adjusting company policies with professional interpreter guidelines. Part II, Deaf Professional and Designated Interpreter Partnerships, offers relevant examples of interpreting for deaf professionals in real estate, contemporary art, medicine, business administration, education, mental health, film-making, and information technology. These anecdotal chapters demonstrate the critical complexity of the relationships between professionals and interpreters, a revolutionary transformation that will be appreciated by interpreter preparation programs, instructors, interpreters, and their clients alike.
The moral foundations of professional ethics
The role of the adult in early years settings
The problematics of moral and legal theory
Developing strategies for a professional organisation of Sign Language Interpreters : a study of recent challenges and options for the Professional Association of Sign Language Interpreters in the Free State of Bavaria, Germany
Social work : the rise and fall of a profession?
Professionalizing the organization : reducing bureaucracy to enhance effectiveness
International handbook of educational policy. Part 2
Social games and identity in the higher education workplace : playing with gender, class and emotion
Foundations of clinical nurse specialist practice
Pre-service foreign language teachers' expectations of their studies and teacher profession
Expanding the role of the nurse : the scope of professional practice
Professionalism and ethics in teaching
Professionalization and education
The construction of a new profession : a European perspective on professionalism in early childhood education and care
Radical social work in practice : making a difference
Reinventing professionalism : journalism and news in global perspective
The rise of professionalism : a sociological analysis
Professionalism
Critical journeys : how 14 librarians came to embrace critical practice
Raising the bar : the emerging legal profession in East Asia
Professions and power
Notions of professional musicianship
Changing research and practice : teachers' professionalism, identities and knowledge
