http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10136 material flows
material flows
Inbound Logistics Solutions in a Customer-Driven Project Organization
Construction of economy-wide material flow accounts with hidden flow (FIN-MFA) for Finland
Tracktronics : circuit masters
Comparative assessment of the environmental costs of aquaculture and other food production sectors : methods for meaningful comparisons : FAO / WFT Expert Workshop, 24-28 April 2006, Vancouver, Canada
Social ecology : society-nature relations across time and space
Dematerialization : the potential of ICT and services
Socioecological transitions and global change : trajectories of social metabolism and land use
Resource efficiency atlas = Ressourceneffizienatlas : an international perspective on technologies and products with resource efficiency potential
Economy-wide material flow accounts
Material flow models in environmental policy planning : case: pulp and paper industry
Supply management
Development of eco-efficiency of base stations by means of the MIPS indicator
The supply chain network @ Internet speed : preparing your company for the e-commerce revolution
Analyzing material flows of the Ports of Kokkola and Pietarsaari
From environmental concerns towards sustainable food provisioning : material flow and food consumption scenario studies on sustainability of agri-food systems
Handbook of input-output economics in industrial ecology
The metrics of material and metal ecology : harmonizing the resource, technology and environmental cycles
Sustainable use and management of natural resources
Consolidation in humanitarian logistics
From material flows to cash flows : an extension to traditional material flow modelling
The journal of supply chain management : a global review of purchasing and supply
Optimization of material flows
Added value from responsible use of raw materials
Creating level pull : a lean production-system improvement guide for production-control, operations, and engineering professionals
Beyond business logistics : selected full papers presented at the 20th Anniversary NOFOMA 2008 logistics conference held in June 2008 at Hanken (the Swedish School of Economics and Business Administration) in Helsinki, Finland
Approaches to economic geography : towards a geographical political economy
Basepaper reel warehousing, handling and optimisation of reel diameter
Learning to see : value stream mapping to create value and eliminate muda
Material flows and economic growth : linking analyses and environmental Kuznets curves for the EU-15 member countries in 1980-2000
Manufacturing facilities design and material handling
This compendium is produced for the master level course in the UZWATER project. It consists of some newly written material as well as previously published texts extracted from freely available books, reports and textbooks on the Internet, dominated by publications from the Baltic University Programme. The sources used for each chapter is listed at the end of each chapter. The UZWATER project is an EU TEMPUS project. It includes 8 universities in Uzbekistan and deals with university education for sustainable water managment in Uzbekistan. Uppsala University and BUP is one of the EU partners in the project. Lead partner is Kaunas University of Technology.  he main objective of the project is to introduce a Master level study program  in environmental science and sustainable development with focus on water management in eight Uzbekistan universities. The curriculum of Master Programme includes  Environmental Science, Sustainable Development and Water Management. The Sustainable Development unit will include the basic methods used in Sustainability Science, in particular introduce systems thinking and systems analysis, resource flows and resource management and a series of practical tools for good resource management, such as recycling, energy efficiency, etc.
The topic of this final thesis was about improving material flow and information flow in inventory management at the Turku plant of Felix Abba. The objective of the thesis was to find solutions regarding the topic that do not require major financial investments. Logistics has a direct effect on customer satisfaction, the perceived value of products, operational costs, profit and just about every other measure of performance. Therefore, with the points brought up in this study, the company may be able to create a sustainable competitive advantage.  First, the company is introduced. It is followed by a literary research that covers important theoretical issues for the study. In the theoretical part the financial importance of logistics is emphasised. Furthermore, it includes information on warehousing and production controllability. The actual work carried out at the plant is presented after that. The first task was to find out what the current operations model is and what its black spots are. Many people who were involved at different processes were interviewed. The management of the plant had an active role in bringing up new subjects to look at. Several illustrative drawings were made regarding these subjects, which can be found in the Appendices. Based on the work an analysis was made in which black spots coming up in the final thesis are dealt in more detail. The analysis is followed by proposals for improvements.  As a result, a new operations model for the herring plant was introduced. At the vegetable plant, the capacity of the warehouse was increased by installing new pallet racks. Ultimately proposals for inter-warehouse transfers were suggested. Despite added capacity at the vegetable plant, the improvements have been planned to be executed during the upcoming summer.
Supply chain optimization : building the strongest total business network
Dematerialization through services : a review and evaluation of the debatt
Practical handbook of material flow analysis
Logistics and supply chain integration
Improving delivery reliability in inbound material flow in Metso Minerals Oy : analyzing problems with delivery delays
Industrial ecosystem case studies : the potential of material and energy flow roundput in regional waste management
Research for profitable delivery size and to clarify value for small delivery fee
NSR Conference on Forest Operations 2004 : proceedings : Hyytiälä Forest Field Station, Finland, 30-31 August 2004
Energy, carbon and other material flows in the life cycle assessment of forestry and forestry products : achievements of the Working Group 1 of the COST Action E9
Economic and material flow indicators for the Kymenlaakso region
Adoption of eco-efficiency in strategic and operational management of industrial small and medium size enterprises
Economic models of material-product chains for environmental policy analysis
Blood supply chain analysis through the supply chain management framework
Kanban for the supply chain : fundamental practices for manufacturing management
From material flows to cash flows
Sustainable metals management : securing our future - steps towards a closed loop economy
Substance flow analysis in Finland : four case studies on N and P flows
Computerising material release orders : action research at ABB Transformers, Vaasa
Documentation and analysis of material flows and warehousing in Tervakoski Oy
Planning a layout design for the washing line of Parker Hannifin Oy
Material flow-based indicators in environmental reporting
Green economies around the world? : implications of resource use for development and the environment
On the steady and disturbed flow on material through rotary kilns
Physical flow accounts / material balances in Finland 1999 / Ilmo Mäenpää
Natural resource use and global change : new interdisciplinary perspectives in social ecology
Abstract (s. 238).
Technology and manufacturing process selection : the product life cycle perspective
Introduction to management of reverse logistics and closed loop supply chain processes
Logistics : an introduction to supply chain management
Flows of nitrogen and phosphorus in the Finnish municipal waste system : present situation and past changes
Strategic logistics management
The earth : natural resources and human intervention
The purpose of this thesis was to clarify situation in the warehouses of Tervakoski Oy and record their related material flows. Tervakoski mill is old and built in stages, which has impacts on warehousing and material flows. It was expected that room for improvement exists and based on that ”One Touch” –project was started. This thesis forms phase one in ”One Touch” –project. The theory part of this thesis focuses on warehousing and material flows from different points of views. Issues to be considered when organizing warehouses and material flows are discussed in the theory part of this thesis. The empirical part of this thesis presents material created for Tervakoski Oy. The findings indicate that some excess inventories exist as was expected before the starting this project. It was also discovered that there are certain materials in the ware-houses that are not in mill systems as well as old materials, which reserve space from other materials and should be disposed from the warehouses.  The results of the empirical part of this thesis indicate that more efforts should be put to improving communication and processes in the future. Further research is needed to determine optimal inventory levels in the second phase of “One Touch” –project.  The empirical part of this thesis is confidential.
Supply chain management and material handling in paper industry : case Tervakoski Oy
Economy-wide material flow accounts with hidden flows for Finland 1945-2008
Chemical engineering design
Ways out of the working capital trap : empowering self-financing growth through modern supply management
Supply chain coordination - studies on planning and information sharing mechanisms
From a mine to you : sustainability of the Finnish mining sector in the context of global supply chains of metals
Supply chain excellence : a handbook for dramatic improvement using the SCOR model
Environmental and material flow cost accounting : principles and procedures
The opportunities of a circular economy for Finland
Forest value chain optimization and sustainability
Measuring the eco-efficiency of the Finnish economy
Discovering electronics with Crocodile Clips ©
Logistic analysis of TTRX
Transport MIPS : the natural resource consumption of the Finnish transport system
Life cycle environmental evaluation and cost analysis of structural automotive materials
Sustainable use of renewable natural resources : from principles to practices
Material flow analysis of automated warehouse in the dairy industry
Cargo traffic on the Helsinki-Tallinn route
Measuring the eco-efficiency of welfare generation in a national economy : the case of Finland
Supply chain management
Manufacturing planning and control for supply chain management
The Gower handbook of logistics and distribution management
"Building on recent developments in social ecology, this book advances a new critical theory of society and nature, exploring social metabolism and global resource flows in contemporary society. Charting the historical development of social ecology in the context of environmental research, the book examines the interactions between society and nature and identifies both the barriers to global sustainability and the conditions and best practice for transforming industrial economies towards new sustainable resource use."
Industrial ecosystem : using the material and energy flow model of an ecosystem in an industrial system
Environmentally conscious materials handling
Dematerialization through services : a review and evaluation of the debate
Improving material flow and information flow in inventory management : Felix Abba Oy Ab
