http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10187 addresses
addresses street addresses
Interreligious dialogue directory
Introduction to vocabularies : enhancing access to cultural heritage information
World Council of Churches : yearbook. 2003, Address lists, Constitution and rules
International directory of woody plant physiologists
Postcodes : the new geography
Networks in the Baltic Sea region
Collins greater London street atlas
Directory of research and education in food science, technology and engineering
Film review. 2002-2003 : including video releases and websites
IPv6 deployment and management
Location-based web search and mobile applications
International mycological directory
The extreme seacher's Internet handbook : a guide for the serious searcher
Implementing persistent identifiers : overview of concepts, guidelines and recommendations
Internet research skills
Song sheets to software : a guide to print music, software, instructional media, and web sites for musicians
World list of universities and other institutions of higher education
Asia Pacific pulp & paper year book & directory 1992.
Super searchers in the news : the online secrets of journalists and news researchers
E-mail addresses of the rich & famous
Directory of food and nutrition institutions in the Near East
FAO seed review. 1984-85
The hutchinson directory of web sites
EUMC Internet guide on organisations combating racism and xenophobia in Europe
Nursery machinery : MJF no. 1 suppliers of specialist machines for the horticultural trade
Inside and out : forms of address in seventeenth- and eighteenth-century letters
Publishers' international ISBN directory. 1997/98
Directory of legal gazettes in Europe 2006
FAO seed review. 1979-80
DNS and BIND cookbook
Film review. 1999-2000 : including video releases
Network fundamentals : CCNA exploration companion guide
Management consulting
Catalog + Web graphic
Doing business in India
Net mode : Web fashion now
The world of learning 1989.
A guide to centres of international lending and copying
Ulrich's periodicals directory
Pro DNS and BIND 10
Internet governance in transition : who is the master of this domain?
Directory : Cassava Biotechnology Network and Collaborators : to promote communication among cassava biotechnology researches
Doing business in Vietnam
Internet power searching : the advanced manual
Doing business in China
Farm chemicals handbook 1988 : buyers' guide, application equipment, fertilizer trade names, fertilizer dictionary, pesticide dictionary
Directory of forestry research organizations
Educators guide to free computer materials & Internet resources : eighteenth annual edition 2000-2001
Taschen's 1000 favourite websites
Doing a literature search : a comprehensive guide for the social sciences
Internet research skills : how to do your literature search and find research information online
Film review. 2000-2001 : including video releases
Compact guide to Web page creation and design
Pest management : a directory of information sources. Vol. 2, Animal health
Where to see textiles and textile machinery : a guide to collections and exhibitions of textiles, apparel and textile machinery, picture sources and places to visit, worldwide
International directory of solid waste management 1995/6 : the ISWA yearbook
Service location in distributed environment
Compendium of pulp and paper training and research institutions
Horticultural research international : directory of horticultural research institutes and their activities in 74 countries
Internet domain names and trademarks
Dictionary of travel, tourism and hospitality
Titles and forms of address : a guide to their correct use
The chocolate companion : a connoisseur's guide to the world's finest chocolates
Directory of research workers in agriculture and allied sciences
Moscow and Leningrad : a topographical guide to Russian cultural history. Vol. 2, Writers, painters, musicians and their gathering places
World environmental directory : North America (USA and Canada) : standard environmental reference since 1974.
The invisible web : uncovering sources search engines can't see
Pesticide index : an index of chemical, common and trade names of pesticides and related crop-protection products
Amazonia : voices from the rainforest : a resource & action guide
World guide to libraries
Handbook of organic food processing and production
Internet users' research guide
The Usborne science encyclopedia
eBoot camp : proven internet marketing techniques to grow your business
Websites for musicians
Who's who international in the egg and poultry industries 1988-1989 : international buyers guide
Suomen tieteellisten kirjastojen opas = Vetenskapliga bibliotek i Finland = Guide to research libraries and information services in Finland
International business
Directory of information sources for health care in developing countries
Internet & World wide web : how to program
Addressing the world : national identity and Internet country code domains
Link analysis : an information science approach
A framework for web science
World directory of environmental organizations : a handbook of national and international organizations and programs - governmental and non-governmental - concerned with protecting the Earth's resources
The world of learning 1994.
Designing web usability : [the practice of simplicity]
Directory of current research on sheep and goats
The book lover's guide to the Internet
Tourist attractions & events of the world
Film review. 2001-2002 : including video releases and websites
Working on cruise ships
Duluth Finnish directory = Duluthin suomalaisten osoitekalenteri
Index xyloriorum : institutional wood collections of the world
Online job hunting : great answers to tough questions
Free-range poultry
Learn before you spend : six ways to measure web trafic
Summary (s. 17-23).
Googlepedia : the ultimate Google resource
CRE-action
Guide to textile conservation products and suppliers
Networks in the Baltic Sea Region
Pest management : a directory of information sources. Vol. 1, Crop protection
The advanced internet searcher's handbook
Ruling the root : Internet governance and the taming of cyberspace
Earth
Titles of address in christian Greek epistolography to 527 A. D.
The world of learning 1990.
A study of teletraffic problems in multicast networks
World guide to libraries 2010
