http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10121 pandemics
pandemics
The HIV/AIDS Pandemic and the New Security Agenda : A Theoretical Discussion and a Case Study of the 1994 US Intervention in Haiti
Global catastrophic risks
The five horsemen of the modern world : climate, food, water, disease, and obesity
Tom Clancy's the division : PS4
Activation of innate immune responses by Toll-like receptors and influenza viruses
World War Z
Influenza research : EU funded projects 2001-2007
Tom Clancy's the division : Xbox One
Pandemics : 50 of the world's worst plagues and infectious diseases
SARS in China : prelude to pandemic?
Lessons from HPAI : a technical stocktaking of outputs, outcomes, best practices and lessons learned from the fight against highly pathogenic avian influenza in Asia 2005-2011
Pandemics : what everyone needs to know /.
Swine flu : the new pandemic
G.I. Joe : Snake Eyes : Cobra civil war. volume 2
Plague and the end of antiquity : the pandemic of 541-750
The author, a Stanford biologist reveals the surprising origins of the world's most deadly viruses, and how we can overcome catastrophic pandemics. He discussses the complex interactions between humans and viruses, and the threat from viruses that jump from species to species. He tells the story of how viruses and human beings have evolved side by side through history; how deadly viruses like HIV, swine flu, and bird flu almost wiped us out in the past; and why modern life has made our species vulnerable to the threat of a global pandemic. His research missions to the jungles of Africa and the rain forests of Borneo have earned him the nickname "the Indiana Jones of virus hunters," and in this book he takes readers along on his groundbreaking and often dangerous research trips to reveal the surprising origins of the most deadly diseases and to explain the role that viruses have played in human evolution. In a world where each new outbreak seems worse than the one before, he points the way forward, as new technologies are brought to bear in the most remote areas of the world to neutralize these viruses and even harness their power for the good of humanity. His provocative vision of the future will change the way we think about viruses, and perhaps remove a potential threat to humanity's survival.
Plagues and peoples
Reflecting theologically on AIDS : a global challenge
Approaches to controlling, preventing and eliminating H5N1 Highly Pathogenic Avian influenza in endemic countries
Global catastrophes and trends : the next 50 years
The influenza pandemic in Japan, 1918-1920 : the First World War between humankind and a virus
12 monkeys. Season one
Influenza and public health : learning from past pandemics
China's crisis management
International perspectives on social work : global conditions and local practice
China's challenges to human security : foreign relations and global implications
Keeping Europe healthy : ECDC in action
Crisis leadership now : a real-world guide to preparing for threats, disaster, sabotage, and scandal
HIV/AIDS, and the threat to national and international security
The Black Death
The Judas strain : a sigma force novel
A lovely way to burn
Primer of epidemiology /. Gary D. Friedman
G.I. Joe : Snake Eyes : Cobra civil war. volume 1
Love is the drug
World war Z
12 monkeys. Season two
Public knowledge, perception and factors associated with 2009 h1n1 swine influenza vaccination : a literature review
When the floods came
The selection and use of essential medicines : report of the WHO Expert Committee, 2011 (including the 17th WHO model list of essential medicines and the 3rd WHO model list of essential medicines for children)
A death-struck year
"This book presents a comprehensive overview of crisis management in China. It considers economic, political and military crises, and also natural disasters and public health problems. In each area it considers the nature of potential crises and their possible effects, and the degree to which China is prepared to cope with crises."--Publisher's description.
Tom Clancy's the division : PlayStation 4
Spillover : animal infections and the next human pandemic
The Routledge handbook of new security studies
The viral storm : the dawn of a new pandemic age
The fireman : a novel
The Selection and Use of Essential Medicines : Report of the WHO Expert Committee, 2011 (including the 17th WHO Model List of Essential Medicines and the 3rd WHO Model List of Essential Medicines for Children)
The Pandemic Perhaps : Dramatic Events in a Public Culture of Danger
Influenza Pathogenesis and Control. Volume I
Bird flu : everything you need to know about the next pandemic
Deadly companions : how microbes shaped our history
Don't turn around
Seraphim : 266613336 wings
Medusa : a novel from the NUMA® files
Kurt Austin puts the NUMAA team on a case involving a hideous series of medical experiments, an extraordinarily ambitious Chinese criminal organization, and a secret new virus that threatens to set off a worldwide pandemic / WorldCat.
Pestilential complexities : understanding medieval plague
Pandemic : the cure
Understanding the politics of pandemic scares : an introduction to global politosomatics
When disease makes history : epidemics and great historical turning points
