http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1015 cult objects
cult objects
Magija amuletov = The magic of amulets : zbornik prispevkov
Digging for Hitler : the Nazi archaeologists search for an Aryan past
Miller's rock & pop memorabilia
Amazonie : le chamane et la pensée de la forêt = Amazonia : the shaman and the mind of the forest
Royal arts of Africa : the majesty of form
Economics of cult in the ancient Greek world : proceedings of the Uppsala Symposium 1990
Oi munkit, ponnistelkaa lakkaamatta! : buddhalaisten kulttiesineiden näyttely = O munkar, sträven framåt oupphörligen! : utställning av buddhistiska kultföremål = Oh, ye monks, strive onwards diligently : exhibition of Buddhist ritual objects
Things you give or sell : and things you don't give or sell but keep yourselves
Cult material from archaeological deposits to interpretation of Early Greek religion
Judaic ceremonial objects in Romania
Between worlds : shamanism of the peoples of Siberia : from the collection of the Russian Museum of Ethnography St. Petersburg
Bibliotheca Isiaca. 1
Nkondi : a case study in ethnographic conservation
Shamanic regalia in the Far North
The Belgariad. 3, Magician's gambit
Oceania : world views of the South Seas
Amulets and talismans
Icons : magnets of meaning : San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, [April 18 to August 5, 1977] / edited by Aaron Betsky
Unpacking culture : art and commodity in colonial and postcolonial worlds
Old Norse and Finnish religions and cultic place-names : based on papers read at the symposium on encounters between religions on old Nordic times and on cultic place-names held at Åbo, Finland, on the 19th-21st of August 1987
Fabric of life : textile arts in Bhutan
The archaeology of ritual and magic
Syncretistic and confessional features in Mesopotamian incantation bowls
Excavations at Helgö. 16, Exotic and sacral finds from Helgö
The things we value : culture and history in Solomon Islands
Clay shamans and stone jaguars : the ancient art of Ecuador
Bibliotheca Isiaca. 2
The healing drum : African wisdom teachings
Oi munkit, ponnistelkaa lakkaamatta! : buddhalaisten kulttiesineiden näyttely = O munkar, sträven framåt oupphörligen!  : utställning av buddhistiska kultföremål = Oh, ye monks, strive onwards diligently! : exhibition of Buddhist ritual objects : Helsingi / näyttelyn järjestäjät Helsingin kaupungin taidemuseo, Museovirasto, Pohjoismainen Etelä-Aasian konferenssi 1980 ; luettelon teksti: Harry Halén
Art and oracle : African art and rituals of divination
Objects from the Tibetan Lamaist collection of Jacques Marchais
Nkondi: A Case Study in Ethnographic Conservation
African symbols
The spirit of things : materiality and religious diversity in Southeast Asia
Marzabotto : an Etruscan town
Bibliotheca Isiaca. 3
Old Norse and Finnish religions and cultic place-names
Malanggan : art, memory and sacrifice
Abstract: Nkondi : a Case Study in Ethnographic Conservation. The purpose of this study was to find conservation methods and treatments suitable for an nkondi nail fetish that originates from the Congo region in Africa. This ethnographic object is on display at the permanent exhibition in the Helinä Rautavaara museum. The main problem is the extensive corrosion of the iron parts. This thesis is a combination of ethnography, artefact research, and conservation. Thesis also deals with the complexity of ethnographic conservation and its special role in the field. The object was documented thoroughly with photographs, drawings, and x-rays. Sizeable amount of material analyses were done and the condition of the object was mapped out carefully. Conservation treatments, procedures, and materials were explained and described thoroughly. After the conservation treatments the object is more stable chemically and structurally, and aesthetically the looks are more pleasing. The treatments keep the object from deteriorating further, thus helping it to survive longer. Conservation of an ethnographic object is an intricate process. It involves a lot of discussion about the ethics and other special issues. It is daunting task for a conservator, especially when encountering them for the first time.
The pre- and proto-historic Finns both eastern and western with the magic songs of the West Finns
Manual descriptive of a collection of talismans engraved on stones and metals of various countries and epochs, illustrative of what man has worn for his protection from accident and disease; also, ancient gems, Babylonian cylinders, Persian seals, etc. : being part of the important Glyptic Collection of Maxwell Sommerville
Mayombe : ritual sculptures from the Congo
Fetishism : visualising power and desire
Lithuanian amber
Clowns of the Hopi : traditions and delight makers
Foreign, Gods, Inc
Things Japanese
Ethnological reality : Kai Donner and material culture
Orixás da Bahia = The gods of Bahia
Popular beliefs and folklore tradition in Siberia
The Belgariad. 1, Pawn of prophecy
Shamanism : the foundations of magic
Mansi sacred covers
Amulets of Ancient Egypt
Thinking through things : theorising artefacts in ethnographic perspective
The cross of Adrianople : a silver processional cross of the Middle Byzantine period
Treasures : National Museum, New Delhi
Hoof rattles and girls' puberty rites in North and South America
The fetish carvers of Zuni
Patterns and sources of Zuni kachinas
The mani stones
Popular snapshots and tracks to the past : Cape Town, Nairobi, Lubumbashi
Israelite religions : an archaeological and biblical survey
The educating icon : teaching wisdom and holiness in the Orthodox way
Bear shields of Plains Indians : motifs and meanings
The shamanic drum as cognitive map : the historical and semiotic study of the Saami drum in Rome
Shamanhood : symbolism and epic
Chiefly feasts : the enduring Kwakiutl potlatch
Sustaining life : vessel import to Norway in the first millennium AD
The Beatles : Yesterday & tomorrow : a collector's guide to Beatles memorabilia
World flutelore : folktales, myths, and other stories of magical flute power
The Sámi noaidi grave in Kuusamo and the significance of the north-south orientation
Amulets from the Islamic world
"Malanggan are among the most treasured possessions in the Pacific, yet they continue to confound anthropologists. Central to funerals in New Ireland, these 'death' figures are intended to decompose as symbolic representations of the dead. Wrapped in images that are conceived of as 'skins', they are both visually complex and intriguing. This book is the first to interpret these mysterious agents of resemblance and connection as having a cognitive rather than a linguistic basis." "This study begins by tracing the history of the collections and moves on to consider the role these artefacts play in sacrifice, ritual and exchange. What is the relationship between Malanggan and memory? How can Malanggan be understood as a life force as well as a vehicle for thought? In an analysis of the cognitive aspects of Malanggan, Kuchler offers a conceptualization of the centrality of the knot as a mode of being, thinking and binding in the Pacific." "Malanggan: Art, Memory and Sacrifice provides a new take on one of the Pacific's classic puzzles, as well as a wealth of new information and resources for anthropologists, collectors and curators alike."--BOOK JACKET.
The social life of spirits
The enigma of the gift
Things Thai
Amulets : a world of secrets power, charms and magic
Pagan incantations in Aramaic magic bowls
Summary: The holy places of the Lapps.
The Sami drumset : the divine arpa - voice of the powers
Guldgubber and retrospective methods
Not just a pretty face : dolls and human figurines in Alaska Native cultures
Icon and image : a study of sacred and secular forms of African classical art / Denis Williams
Ex voto : votive giving across cultures
Introducing the mythological crescent : ancient beliefs and imagery connecting Eurasia with Anatolia
Summary.
Sacred journey : the Ganges to the Himalayas
Fragrance of Korea : the ancient gilt-bronze incense burner of Baekje
Oi munkit, ponnistelkaa lakkaamatta! : buddhalaisten kulttiesineiden näyttely = O munkar, sträven framåt oupphörligen! : utställning av buddhistiska kultföremål = Oh, ye monks, strive onwards diligently! : exhibition of Buddhist ritual objects
The skeleton at the feast : the day of the dead in Mexico
The shrunken head
Quetzalcoatl and the irony of empire : myths and prophecies in the Aztec tradition
(Magic) staffs in the Viking Age
Hex files : the Goth Bible
Kachina dolls : a checklist, Anthropology Division, Buffalo Museum of Science
African art in transit
The complete book of amulets & talismans
The law of the lifegivers : the domestication of desire
The Vikings
The sun-gods of ancient Europe
Tibetan Tantric charms and amulets : 230 examples reproduced from original woodblocks
Making tactile : ganti diri figures and the magic of concreteness among the Luangan Dayaks
A hard matter : stones in Finnish-Karelian folk belief
A world of faces : masks of the northwest coast indians
Worshiping Archaeologies – Theoretical Landscape in the Archaeological Study of Greek Religion and Cult Deposits / Johannes Siapkas -- Depositing Cult – Considerations on What Makes a Cult Deposit / Petra Pakkanen -- Ash, Bones, Votives – Analysing the Black Strata in Early Greek Sanctuaries. Two Examples form Olympia – the Schwarze Schicht and the Altar of Artemis / Susanne Bocher -- Private and Communal Ritual a Post-Palatial Tiryns / Melissa Vetters -- Interpreting Votive Offerings from Early Archaic Deposits at the Artemision of Ephesos / Gudrun Klebinder-Gauß -- 'Meeting with Others and the Gods': the Social Uses of Early Cretan Cult-Sites / Lena Sjögren -- New Beginnings? Preparations of Renewal of Cult at Kalaureia and Asine / Berit Wells† edited by Petra Pakkanen, Arto Penttinen & Jari Pakkanen.
Traditional papermaking and paper cult figures of Mexico
The crosses of Pomorie : symbols of memory and eternity
Beliefs from far away : context and function of foreign cult objects in the late Bronze Age Aegean
Anthropomorphic representations in the cucuteni-tripolye culture
Art of Tibet : a catalogue of the Los Angeles County Museum of Art Collection
The hummingbird
Dagger blessing : the Tibetan Phurpa cult : reflections and materials
Garion the farm boy did not believe in magic dooms, but then he did not know that soon he would be on a quest of unparalleled magic and danger when the dread evil God Torak was reawakened.
French primitivism and the ends of empire, 1945-1975
Early modern things : objects and their histories, 1500-1800
Marius Barbeau's photographic collection : the Nass River
Images, relics, and devotional practices in medieval and Renaissance Italy
Art and society in Africa
Symbols of Africa
Making representations : museums in the post-colonial era
