http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1017 magic objects
magic objects
The serpent sea
Harry Potter and the philosopher's stone
The perdition score
Ozma of Oz. [3]
Something is brewing in the town of Whitby. To best friends Lil and Verne, it just seems like a particularly bad storm. But Cherry Cerise, the last of the Whitby witches, fears that ancient forces are at work, reviving the curse of a long lost magical artifact. The legend goes that the Nimius was created by magician Melchior Pyke, with the assistance of a young witch known as Scaur Annie. But they were both betrayed by Pyke's villainous manservant, Mister Dark, causing a feud that has survived even beyond death. As Mister Dark, with his horrific winged familiar, arises to mastermind Whitby's very own apocalypse and take the Nimius for his own evil purposes, can Lil and Verne join with Cherry to quell his plans and save their home?
Keys to the demon prison
The wizard of Oz
Jack and the beanstalk : how a small fellow solved a big problem
The chronicles of Malus Darkblade. Volume 1
Georgie, the royal prince fairy
Hieroglyphs of horror
Modern-day Toronto: A heavy leather-bound book written in an unrecognisable language is delivered to the Speckled Muse, the antique bookshop owned by Crystal and Becca Hatcher's mother. When Becca opens it, she's sent into a coma, leaving Crys behind to uncover a series of terrifying secrets. Ancient Mytica: A merciless goddess hunts for the elusive treasure that will make her ruler not only of Mytica, but of all the unseen worlds that lay beyond it. Modern-day Toronto: Rich and aimless Farrell Grayson finally has the chance to prove himself when the mysterious leader of a powerful secret society invites him into his fold. Ancient Mytica: Maddox Corso has always been different, but never remarkable. Everything changes the day he meets a pretty, unfamiliar girl from a faraway land, only to realise that he's the only one who can see her. Fate has brought these young people together, but ancient magic threatens to rip them apart.
A time of war
Faefever : a MacKayla Lane novel
The misenchanted sword
Princess Mirror-Belle and the magic shoes
The battle for the lost amulet
Battle chasers
The island of blood
The road to Oz
The scorched earth
Fated
The native star
Jack and the jelly bean stalk
The conch bearer
Chaos unleashed
Whispering to witches
The fire chronicle
Jack and the beanstalk
The perfect pony wish
The collection of Khakas tös figures in the National museum of Finland
African symbols
Curse tablets and binding spells from the ancient world
Straw, hay & rushes in Irish folk tradition
Magnus Chase and the sword of summer
The chronicles of Malus Darkblade. Volume 2
The spriggan mirror
Darkfever : a MacKayla Lane novel
The walls of Byzantium
al-Nay al-hazin = The magic flute
City of ashes
The sequel to When the Heavens Fall features gritty characters, deadly magic, and meddlesome gods -  Once a year on Dragon Day the fabled Dragon Gate is raised to let a sea dragon pass into the Sabian Sea. There, it will be hunted by the Storm Lords, a fellowship of powerful water-mages who rule an empire called the Storm Isles.  Emira Imerle Polivar is coming to the end of her tenure as leader of the Storm Lords, but she has no intention of standing down graciously. As part of her plot to hold on to power, she instructs an order of priests known as the Chameleons to sabotage the Dragon Gate. There’s just one problem: that will require them to infiltrate an impregnable citadel that houses the gate’s mechanism — a feat that has never been accomplished before.  But Imerle is not the only one intent on destroying the Storm Lord dynasty. As the Storm Lords assemble in answer to a mysterious summons, they become the targets of assassins working for an unknown enemy. And when Imerle sets her scheme in motion, that enemy uses the ensuing chaos to play its hand.
Elric : Stormbringer!
The talisman
Wicked business : a Lizzy and Diesel novel
The new watch
The darkest magic
The thunderweapon in religion and folklore
The eye of the falcon
The towers of Samarcand
Thief with no shadow
The fever series
Children of fire
Amulets of Ancient Egypt
Thirst. 5 : The sacred veil
Secret of the dragon
The wonderful Wizard of Oz
Dorothy and the wizard in Oz. [4]
The Patchwork Girl of Oz
The liar's key
Cassell's dictionary of superstitions
Codex born
Shadowfever
The amulet of Samarkand
Dreamfever
The book of wizard craft : in which the apperentice finds spells, potions, fantastic tales & 50 enchanting things to make
Micky's magic pencil
When the heavens fall
The fellowship of the ring : being the first part of The lord of the rings
The best friend wish
Redemption in indigo : a novel
The wonderful wizard of Oz. [1]
Sword of light
Goldfish from beyond the grave
Iron khan : a detective inspector Chen novel
The Golem's eye
Modern-day Toronto: Sisters Crystal and Becca Hatcher are reunited after reclaiming the Bronze Codex and narrowly escaping death. They have no one to trust but each other, and the only thing keeping them safe is the book that sent Becca's spirit to Ancient Mytica--the same book that their enemies would kill them for.   Ancient Mytica: Maddox grapples to keep his newly discovered powers under control, while the ruthless goddess Valoria hunts him down.  Modern-day Toronto: Farrell embraces his dark side as he unwittingly falls further under the spell of Markus, the mastermind leader of the nefarious Hawkspear Society, who will stop at nothing to find Crys and Becca--and the remarkable book in their possession.
In the ancient Graeco-Roman world, it was a common practice to curse an enemy or rival by writing an incantation on a tablet and dedicating it to a god or spirit. More than a thousand such texts, written between the fifth century BC and the fifth century AD, have been discovered in places ranging from North Africa to England, and from Syria to Spain. Until now, however, there has been no English translation of these tablets and indeed the texts themselves have remained virtually unknown. This volume makes these fascinating texts available for the first time. A substantial introduction supplies the full cultural, social, and historical context for the texts. The selected translations, arranged thematically, are fully annotated and accompanied by extensive commentary. Reflecting a wide range of social occasions, including lawsuits, love affairs, business competition, and horse-races, the tablets open a window into the hearts and minds of ordinary people, shedding light on a dimension of classical society in which historians today are increasingly interested.
Into the woods
Amulets, illustrated by the Egyptian collection in University College, London
Camilla, the Cupcake Fairy
If you pick a fight with Shroud, Lord of the Dead, you had better ensure your victory, else death will mark only the beginning of your suffering. A book giving its wielder power over the dead has been stolen from a fellowship of mages that has kept the powerful relic dormant for centuries. The thief, a crafty, power-hungry necromancer, intends to use the Book of Lost Souls to resurrect an ancient race and challenge Shroud for dominion of the underworld. Shroud counters by sending his most formidable servants to seize the artifact at all cost. However, the god is not the only one interested in the Book, and a host of other forces converge, drawn by the powerful magic that has been unleashed. Among them is a reluctant Guardian who is commissioned by the Emperor to find the stolen Book, a troubled prince who battles enemies both personal and political, and a young girl of great power, whose past uniquely prepares her for an encounter with Shroud. The greatest threat to each of their quests lies not in the horror of an undead army but in the risk of betrayal from those closest to them. Each of their decisions comes at a personal cost and will not only affect them, but also determine the fate of their entire empire.  The first of an epic swords & sorcery fantasy series, Marc Turner's When the Heavens Fall features  gritty characters, deadly magic, and meddlesome gods.
Torment
A time of exile : a novel of the Westlands
The Iron Khan : a detective inspector Chen novel
The swords of glass
Warning! : this book may contain rabbits!
Primitives and the supernatural
The Wyvern's Spur
Jack and the beanstalk: a folk tale classic
A book of spirits and thieves
The towers Of Samarcand
Four unlikely champions, each touched with Chaos magic at birth, are all that can stop the return of Daemron the Slayer, a hero who became a god-and then a demon. Exiled by the Old Gods, Daemron has long plotted his vengeful return. Now that moment is at hand, as the barrier imprisoning him-the Legacy-crumbles.
Wade and the scorpion's claw
The complete book of amulets & talismans
Small blue thing
The tinder box
The magic thief. Book one
Finn family Moomintroll
Crown of dreams
Ptolemy's gate
The return of the king
The marvelous land of Oz. [2]
Rosa and the magic moonstone
The flint heart : a fairy story
Ozma of Oz
Winnie's flying carpet
Warning! This book may contain rabbits!
Elric of Melniboné
The power of dark
Magic and fetishism
Thirteen-year-old Kenya's life is about to change forever! Caring Kenya lives with her cantankerous mother and grumpy stepfather, unaware of the incredible destiny that awaits her. As a Child of Gabriel, she is one of the guardians of an ancient amulet whose fate will determine the future of her planet.  When the world was young, a mighty conflict raged between Kenya's people, the peace-loving land dwellers, and terrifying beasts of the underworld. The land dweller guardians ended the war by shattering a magic amulet that could give the beasts power to rule. But now, the long-forgotten underworld has grown in strength. It seeks to reunite the amulet's shattered shards and conquer the world...  Can Kenya and her friend Amit find the amulet pieces and save their planet?
City of bones
Foiled
Unbound
Islamic talismanic tradition in nineteenth-century Asante
The wonderful wizard of Oz
Kids of the round table
Lance of truth
The devil's looking glass
Moüsch the crooked
Keith : the cat with the magic hat
The magic thief
The warlock : the secrets of the immortal Nicholas Flamel
The sorcerer's widow
The darkest whisper
Box of tricks : a magical story
A time of justice
The darkest lie
