http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10163 language acquisition
language acquisition
The effects of textual context on sentence processing by learners of English as a foreign language
A touch of...class! : practical teaching tips for second language teachers. Second collection
Pidginization and creolization as language acquisition
Research methods in second language acquisition : a practical guide
On assimilation and language use among Finnish immigrants
First verbs : a case study of early grammatical development
Language and language learning : theory and practice
Maintaining children's Finnish language skills in an English language setting : a study of Scottish-Finnish families living in Scotland
Multiculturalism in a shrinking world
Three children, two languages : the role of code selection in organizing conversation
Language socialization across cultures
Strömqvist's and Richtoff's corpora : a guide to longitudinal data from four Swedish children
Teaching foreign languages in schools : the silent way
Language learning for European citizenship : final report of the project group (1989-96)
How to set parameters : arguments from language change
Neurolinguistic and psycholinguistic perspectives on SLA
Children's language. Vol. 7
Children's literacy development : making it happen through school, family, and community involvement
Tense and aspect in second language acquisition : form, meaning, and use
A complex case : a morphosyntactic approach to complexity in early child language
Blackwell handbook of infant development
Dynamic assessment : a Vygotskian approach to understanding and promoting L2 development
Production of word structures : a constraint-based study of 2;6 year old Finnish children at-risk for dyslexia and their controls
On the acquisition of English as a second language; with a reference to the morpheme order studies and Finnish child learners of English as a foreign language
The onset of language
Knowledge and language. Vol. 1, From Orwell's problem to Plato's problem
Child language and cognition : contemporary issues
Dynamic Assessment (DA) reconceptualizes classroom interactions by arguing that teaching and assessment should not be distinct undertakings but must be integrated as a single activity that seeks to understand learner abilities by actively supporting their ongoing development. DA is based in the Vygotskian notion of the Zone of Proximal Development (ZPD) which captures the uniquely human potential to exceed our present capabilities by working in cooperation with others whose dialogic interaction mediates us to higher levels of functioning. DA offers a framework for co-constructing a ZPD with learners in order to simultaneously reveal the full range of their abilities and promote development. This book presents the first in-depth analysis of DAa (TM)s application to particular problems of L2 development. It includes detailed discussions of the core theoretical tenets as well as guidelines for implementing DA principles in L2 classrooms. The book will be of interest to language teacher educators, language testers, classroom practitioners, and students and researchers in the areas of SLA, language pedagogy, and assessment.
Learnability and second languages : a book of readings
Narratives from the crib
The acquisition of lexical and grammatical aspect
Second Language Learning and Language Teaching provides an introduction to the application of second language acquisition research to language teaching. Assuming no previous background in second language acquisition or language teaching methods, this text starts by introducing readers to the basic issues of second language acquisition research. It then examines how people learn particular aspects of the second language, such as grammar, vocabulary, pronunciation and the writing system, and at the strategies they adopt in their learning and the differences between individuals. Final chapters look at second language learning in a broader context - the goals of language teaching and how teaching methods relate to SLA research. This newly updated fifth edition builds on the comprehensive scope of earlier editions while also addressing more recent developments in the field, particularly multilingual approaches to language teaching.
Models of language acquisition : inductive and deductive approaches
Second language acquisition: the effect of early exposure on vowel perception
Talking, listening, and learning : the development of children's language
The dynamics of foreign versus second language development in Finnish writing
Language development from two to three
Not backward compatible : error analysis and categorisation of errors with examples from technical texts written by Finnish-speaking professionals
Ambiguity resolution in language learning : computational and cognitive models
A touch of...class! : practical teaching tips for second language teachers. First collection
Conversation analysis
Language transfer in language learning
Le bilinguisme chez l'enfant et l'apprentissage d'une langue seconde : bibliographie analytique = Child bilingualism and second language learning : a descriptive bibliography
Deep culture : the hidden challenges of global living
Children's language. Vol. 8
The language laboratory and language learning
Papers from the Fifth Nordic Conference on Bilingualism
Language and learning
Child language : an international perspective : selected papers from the First International Congress for the Study of Child Language
The acquisition of language
The development of second language grammars : a generative approach
Finnish summary.
Implicit and explicit learning of language
The acquisition of finiteness
EFL learners' written production of collocations : a comparative study of two Finnish and two Finland-Swedish upper secondary schools in Finland
Modelling language behaviour
Languages and the young school child
Second language acquisition : an introductory course
The birth of language : the case hsitory of a non-verbal child
Hearing impairment, auditory perception and language disability
Profiles of second language learners in bilingual education : a comparative study of the characteristics of Finnish and American students
"Is native language decisive in language learning results?" : a study of acculturation and the effect of language distance : Finnish and Dutch migrants in Australia compared
The language lottery: toward a biology of grammars
"Climb what? : gameplay-assisted second language learning through PC adventure games and accumulating gaming experience
Measuring second language vocabulary acquisition
Workplace language needs and university language education : do they meet?
In this second edition of the best-selling Second Language Research, Alison Mackey and Sue Gass continue to guide students step-by-step through conducting the second language research process with a clear and comprehensive overview of the core issues in second language research. Supported by a wealth of data examples from actual studies, the book examines questions of what is meant by research and what defines good research questions, covering such topics as basic research principles and data collection methods, designing a quantitative research study, and concluding and reporting research findings. The second edition includes a new chapter on mixed-methods, new "time to think" and "time to do" text boxes throughout, and updates to reflect the latest research and literature. Supplementary materials, including an extensive glossary and appendices of forms and documents that students can use in conducting their own studies, serve as useful reference tools, with suggestions on how to get research published reemphasizing the book's practical how-to approach. Second Language Research, Second Edition is the ideal resource for understanding the second language research process for graduate students in Second Language Acquisition and Applied Linguistics.
Learner-centredness as language education
Ethical concerns in practising and researching (E)FL
The acquisition of Scandinavian languages
Modeling bilingualism from structure to chaos : in honor of Kees de Bot
American Finns as language learners : the age issue
Twin-singleton differences among ESL students : a study of affective and cognitive factors at the age of 12
Fluent in 3 months : the radical new way that anyone, at any age, can learn to speak any language from anywhere in the world
What's on a C-test taker's mind? : mental processes in C-test taking
Maternal sensitive responsiveness, characteristics and relations to child early communicative and linguistic development
Current issues in second language acquisition and development
The acquisition of English sentential complementation by adult speakers of Finnish
Input and interaction in deaf families
A Festschrift for native speaker
Code in context
Cultural learning: language learning : selected papers from the second British Studies Conference, Prague 18-20 October 1996
Mechanisms of language acquisition
Patterns in the mind : language and human nature
Language Acquisition and Development : Proceedings of GALA 2005
Language and thought
Second language acquisition in context
First and second language phonology
What's whole in whole language?
Children's language. Vol. 9
Dialogue with Bakhtin on second and foreign language learning : new perspectives
Assessment of language disorders in children
Comparative perspectives on language acquisition : a tribute to Clive Perdue
The culture and politics of literacy
Language comprehension as structure building
Current trends in child second language acquisition : a generative perspective
Ethnic minority children and education in Denmark
Sociolinguistics and language acquisition
Second language learning and language teaching
Phonological working memory and L2 knowledge : Finnish children learning English
Verbal learning
The Routledge Handbook of Multilingualism provides a comprehensive survey of the field of multilingualism for a global readership, and an overview of the research which situates multilingualism in its social, cultural and political context. The handbook includes an introduction and five sections with thirty two chapters by leading international contributors. The introduction charts the changing landscape of social and ethnographic research on multilingualism (theory, methods and research sites) and it foregrounds key contemporary debates. Chapters are structured around sub-headings such as: early developments, key issues related to theory and method, new research directions. This handbook offers an authoritative guide to shifts over time in thinking about multilingualism as well as providing an overview of the range of contemporary themes, debates and research sites. The Routledge Handbook of Multilingualism is the ideal resource for postgraduate students of multilingualism, as well as those studying education and anthropology.
Developing grammars : the acquisition of German syntax by foreign workers
The tapestry of language learning : the individual in the communicative classroom
The signs of language revisited : an anthology to honor Ursula Bellugi and Edward Klima
Language acquisition : a crosslinguistic perspective : morphology and syntax
The Routledge handbook of second language acquisition
Teaching materials for the language arts grades 4-6 : a study within the primary education improvement project in Jamaica
Second language research : methodology and design
Phonological development : models, research, implications
Issues in the theory of language acquisition : essays in honor of Jürgen Weissenborn
They don't speak our language : essays on the language world of children and adolescents
Language experience and early language development : from input to uptake
Agendas for second language literacy
This volume aims to provide a broad view of second language acquisition within a comparative perspective that addresses results concerning adult and child learners across a variety of source and target languages. It brings together contributions at the forefront of language acquisition research that consider a wide range of open questions: What are the precise mechanisms underlying acquisition? How can we characterize learners' initial state and predict their degree of final achievement? What role do specific (typological) properties of source and target languages play? How does fossilization occur? How does the relative complexity of cognitive systems in adult and child learners affect acquisition? Does language learning influence cognitive organization? Can language learning shed light on our general understanding of human language and language processing?
Theoretical issues in language acquisition : continuity and change in development
Prior linguistic knowledge matters : the use of the partitive case in Finnish learner language
Child language development : learning to talk
Multilingualism at work : from policies to practices in public, medical and business settings
Socialization, language choice and belonging : language norms in a first and second grade English medium class
Statistical learning and language acquisition
The language instinct : how the mind creates language
Sign bilingualism : language development, interaction and maintenance in sign language contact situations
The development of language
Learning another language through actions : the complete teacher's guidebook
The acquisition of Irish : a case study
Implementing the lexical approach : putting theory into practice
Grooving 'n' moving English : a material package for language showering in sports focused kindergarten
Language flexibility : the effects of Finnish-Swedish bilingualism on EFL acquisition
Differences between young and older adults in learning a foreign vocabulary
The psychology of meaningful verbal learning : an introduction to school learning
Language acquisition : the growth of grammar
Blindness and the context of language acquisition
Grammatical theory and language acquisition
Language Acquisition and Development : Proceedings of GALA 2009
Conditions for EFL learning and professional development : Finland-Swedish learner and teacher perspectives
Crosslinguistic influence in language and cognition
The null subject parameter
