http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10150 social allowances
social allowances
Time and poverty in western welfare states ; Lutz Leisering, Stephan Leibfried
Welfare and work incentives : a North European perspective
Essays on training, welfare and labor supply
Work incentives in single parent families
The emergence of social enterprise
The impact of benefit and tax reforms on Estonian labor market in a general equilibrium framework
Conservative welfare state systems in East Asia
Youth, the "underclass" and social exclusion
What are we doing there? : experiences and lessons learned from development cooperation in health care and social welfare (1990-2005)
Partnerships and foundations in global health governance
Cheating welfare : public assistance and the criminalization of poverty
English summary: Social protection in Finland and the role of the Social Insurance Institution (Kela).
English summary.
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2002 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistika årsbok 2002 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2002.
The White welfare state : the racialization of U.S. welfare policy
Shadows of the workhouse
Margins of welfare : a study of modern functions of social assistance
Welfare benefits and generalized trust in Finland and Europe
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2009 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2009 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2009.
The power of the stranger : structures and dynamics in social intervention - a theoretical framework
Contemporary social assistance : dual commitments and dual failures?
Guide to European Community grants and loans : for commerce, industry, local authorities, academic and research institutions
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja = FPAs statistiska årsbok = Statistical yearbook of the Social insurance institution. 2005
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2008 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2008 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2008.
Pitied but not entitled : single mothers and the history of welfare 1890-1935
Inside the everyday lives of development workers : the challenges and futures of Aidland
Sharing the costs of children : studies on the development of family support in the OECD countries
The battle against exclusion : social assistance in Australia, Finland, Sweden and the United Kingdom
The poor in England, 1700-1850 : an economy of makeshifts
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2007 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2007 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2007.
Enterprise and social benefits after communism
Capacity-building for poverty eradication : analysis of, and lessons from, evaluations of UN system support to countries' efforts
Abstract: Face to face : rescue work among prostituted women in Sweden 1850-1920.
Administrating poverty : studies of intake organization and social assistance in Sweden
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2010 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2010 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2010.
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 1999 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistika årsbok 1999 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 1999.
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2012 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2012 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2012.
Street children and services : a qualitative study of street children in the context of service delivery system in Bangladesh
The role of social assistance as means of social inclusion and activation : a comparative study on minimum income in seven European countries. Report 2, Recipients and social assistance dependency
Religion in Philanthropic Activity explores the tensions inherent in religious philanthropies across a variety of organizations and examines the effect assumptions about "professional" philanthropy have had on how religious philanthropies carry out their activities. Among the organizations discussed are the Salvation Army, the World Council of Churches, and Catholic Charities USA. The essays focus on the work of one individual, Robert Pierce, founder of World Vision and Samaritan's Purse, and on more general matters such as philanthropy and Jewish identity, American Muslim philanthropy since 9/11, and the federal program that funds faith-based initiatives. The book sheds light on how religion and philanthropy function in American society, shaping and being shaped by the culture and its notions of the "common good."
The future of social security policy : women, work and a citizens' basic income
Having children in Finland
Poverty and social security : concepts and principles
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistiska årsbok = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution, Finland. 1995.
The ethics of assistance : morality and the distant needy
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja = FPAs statistiska årsbok = Statistical yearbook of the Social insurance institution. 2006
Social assistance dynamics in Europe : national and local poverty regimes
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = FPA:s statistiska årsbok 2014 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2014.
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja = FPAs statistiska årsbok = Statistical yearbook of the Social insurance institution. 2015
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2001 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistika årsbok 2001 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2001.
Because we are all human : Finnish Red Cross 1877-2002
Managing poverty : the limits of social assistance
The give and take of disaster aid : social and moral transformation in the wake of the tsunami in Sri Lanka
Up and out of poverty : the social marketing solution
Not by bread alone : social support in the new Russia
Placing the social economy
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistiska årsbok = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution, Finland. 2000
Rethinking the welfare state : the prospects for government by voucher
The role of social assistance as means of social inclusion and activation : a comparative study on minimum income in seven Europe[a]n countries. Report 1, Contexts
Services integration for children and youth at risk and their families : the case of Finland
Religion in philanthropic organizations : family, friend, foe?
Ending global poverty : a guide to what works
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2011 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2011 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2011.
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2013 = FPA:s statistiska årsbok 2013 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2013.
Beneath moral economy : informal assistance in early 20th century Finland
Displacement of social policies
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2004 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistika årsbok 2004 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2004.
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2014= FPAs statistiska årsbok 2014 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2014.
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 1994 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistiska årsbok 1994 = Statistical yearbook of the social insurance institution, Finland 1994.
The psychology of the Internet
Women in social work who have changed the world
On social assistance in the Nordic capitals
The mean season : the attack on the welfare state
Entrepreneurship in the social sector
Abstract.
The role of social assistance as means of social inclusion and activation : a comparative study on minimum income in seven Europe[a]n countries. Report 4, Activation policies in the context of social assistance
The battle against exclusion. 2, Social assistance in Belgium, the Czech Republic, the Netherlands and Norway
Abstract: The poor in diaconal work.
Weakening welfare : the public distribution of food in India
Social assistance in OECD countries : a study carried out on behalf of the Department of Social Security and the OECD. Vol. 1, Synthesis report
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2013 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2013 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2013.
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2003 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistika årsbok 2003 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2003.
Precious
Targeting social benefits : international perspectives & trends
The role of social assistance as means of social inclusion and activation : a comparative study on minimum income in seven Europe[a]n countries. Report 3, How generous social assistance schemes are? : a comparative analysis of benefit levels
Doing good by doing good : why creating shared value is the key to powering business growth and innovation
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 1997 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistika årsbok 1997 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 1997.
