http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10230 pseudonyms
pseudonyms
Anonymity in early modern England : "what's in a name?"
George Eliot : the last Victorian
Dictionary of anonymous and pseudonymous English literature
A dictionary of anonymous and pseudonymous publications in the English language. [1], 1475-1640
Dictionary of anonymous and pseudonymous English literature. 1, A - C
Always astonished : selected prose
Summaries (s. 299-309).
Double cross : the true story of the D-Day spies
Naming names : stories of pseudonyms and name changes, with a Who's Who
In the name of the author : toward a materialist understanding of literary authorship
Pseudonymity, the new testament, and deception : an inquiry into intention and reception
Dictionary of pseudonyms : 11,000 assumed names and their origins
The name game : (their real names revealed)
A dictionary of literary pseudonyms in the English language
Dictionary of anonymous and pseudonymous English literature. 7, Index and second supplement
Pseudonyms on American records (1892-1942) : a guide to false names and label errors
Handbook of pseudonyms and personal nicknames. 2, K-Z
An encyclopedia of continental women writers. Vol. 2, L-Z
Dictionary of anonymous and pseudonymous English literature. 2, D - G
H. D. and Freud : bisexuality and a feminine discourse
What Eva ate: Or, the power of the name : the deceptive author
PPeP : privacy protection in e-Pharma
An encyclopedia of continental women writers. Vol. 1, A-K
Pseudepigraphie und Verfasserfiktion in frühchristlichen Briefen = Pseudepigraphy and author fiction in early Christian letters
The best baby name book in the whole wide world : [over 13,001 girls' & boys' names : complete with meanings, origins and nicknames]
Women's voices : female authors and feminist criticism in the Finnish literary tradition
First-person anonymous : women writers and Victorian print media, 1830-70
Dictionary of anonymous and pseudonymous English literature. 5, Q - S
Dictionary of anonymous and pseudonymous English literature. 6, T - Z and supplement
The faces of anonymity : anonymous and pseudonymous publication from the sixteenth to the twentieth century
Dictionary of anonymous and pseudonymous English literature. 8, 1900-1950
Brave new words : the Oxford dictionary of science fiction
The Cambridge introduction to postmodern fiction
Dictionary of anonymous and pseudonymous English literature. 9, Addenda to volumes 1-8
Literary names : personal names in English literature
Lietuviškieji slapyvardžiai : Lietuviškos spaudos iki 1990 m. slapyvardžiu̜ sa̧vadas : Leidinys skirtas lietuviškos spaudos lotyniškais rašmenimis atgavimo šimtmečiui = Digest of Lithuanian pseudonyms (until 1990) : publication for 100-year anniversary of regaining of Lihuanian press in Latin script. T. 1, Autoriai = Authors
Dictionary of literary pseudonyms : a selection of popular modern writers in English
A dictionary of pseudonyms and their origins, with stories of name changes
Dictionary of anonymous and pseudonymous English literature. 4, M - P
Dictionary of anonymous and pseudonymous English literature. 3, H - L
Dictionary of pseudonyms and pen-names : a selection of popular modern writers in English
Lietuviškieji slapyvardžiai : Lietuviškos spaudos iki 1990 m. slapyvardžiu̜ sa̧vadas : Leidinys skirtas lietuviškos spaudos lotyniškais rašmenimis atgavimo šimtmečiui = Digest of Lithuanian pseudonyms (until 1990) : publication for 100-year anniversary of regaining of Lihuanian press in Latin script. T. 2, Slapyvardžiu̜ žodynas = Dictionary of pseudonyms
Pseudonyms and nicknames dictionary
Handbook of pseudonyms and personal nicknames
George Eliot : the woman
Dictionary of literary pseudonyms
