http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10272 defendants
defendants
The killing woods
The wicked girls
The 5th horseman
The Ne bis in idem principle in EU law
The 19th wife
Women on trial : a study of the female suspect, defendant and offender in the criminal law and criminal justice system
Time of death
Evidence : cases and materials
American crime story. 1, The People v. O. J. Simpson
Bring up the bodies
Evidence and proof
Darling beast
Rogue lawyer
Witness the night
Dark days : a memoir
Emotion and the law : psychological perspectives
From questions surrounding motives to the concept of crimes of passion, the intersection of emotional states and legal practice has long interested professionals as well as the public--recent cases involving extensive pretrial publicity, highly charged evidence, and instances of jury nullification continue to make the subject particularly timely. With these trends in mind, Emotion and the Law brings a rich tradition in social psychology into sharp forensic focus in a unique interdisciplinary volume. Emotion, mood and affective states, plus patterns of conduct that tend to arise from them in legal contexts, are analyzed in theoretical and practical terms, using real-life examples from criminal and civil cases. From these complex situations, contributors provide answers to bedrock questions--what roles affect plays in legal decision making, when these roles are appropriate, and what can be done so that emotion is not misused or exploited in legal procedures--and offer complementary legal and social/cognitive perspectives on these and other salient issues: Positive versus negative affect in legal decision making. Emotion, eyewitness memory, and false memory. The influence of emotions on juror decisions, and legal approaches to its control. A terror management theory approach to the understanding of hate crimes. Policy recommendations for managing affect in legal proceedings. Additional legal areas that can benefit from the study of emotion. Emotion and the Law clarifies theoretical grey areas, revisits current practice, and suggests possibilities for both new scholarship and procedural guidelines, making it a valuable reference for psycholegal researchers, forensic psychologists, and policymakers.
The criminal process : an evaluative study
Race the wind
Prosecutions, sentences and punishments
Vicious : a Pretty little liars novel
Watch me go
All the colours of the town
Gone girl : for print disabled people
Effective criminal defence in Europe
Justice needs a blindfold : effects of defendant's gender and attractiveness on judicial evaluation
The escape artist
Taken 3 : unrated extended cut version
The guarantees for accused persons under article 6 of the European convention on human rights : an analysis of the application of the convention and a comparison with other instruments
The right of the accused to defence in the USSR
The Nuremberg interviews
Rumpole misbehaves : a novel
Once a rake
The reversal
A house with no windows : a novel
One way or another
The protection of human rights in criminal proceedings : The concept of fair trial in the light of the european convention on human rights and the application in Finland
Attorneys' perceptions of lineup suggestiveness and fairness : the effects of biased lineup procedures and attitudes
The fury
Peter Pan must die : a novel
The Vendetta defence
Human rights in international criminal proceedings
The struggle
The fifth witness
Never go back
Rogue Lawyer
Interrogations : [inside the minds of the nazi elite]
Never go back : a Jack Reacher novel
Conviction
The lost years
