http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1027 mirrors
mirrors
Soul music
The mostly true story of Jack
Abstract.
Looking-glass reflections : norms in translating Lewis Carroll
The mirror book : English, American & European
Light glimmering on the surface / Riitta Kormano
Decorative picture frames : stained glass pattern book
World mirrors 1650-1900
Optical alignment : with the Taylor-Hobson micro-alignment telescope and its accessories
Analyzing the effect of vibration on a mirror arm
Exploring the connections between speech, manual dexterity and social traits
The obsidian mirror
An expanded view of the Universe : science with the European Extremely Large Telescope
Mirrors
Silicon-based surface micromachined interferometers for infrared wavelengths
The mirror of deception
The book of the mirror : an interdisciplinary collection exploring the cultural history of the mirror
The king in the window
The mirror : a history
The woodworker's manual : over 30 illustrated step-by-step projects
Dress accessories, c.1150-c.1450
The moral mirror of Roman art
Laser maze : beam-bending logic game
Reflecting telescope optics. 1, Basic design theory and its historical development
Astrophysics with the NOT : proceedings of the conference held in Turku in August 12-15, 1998
Building small projets: The editors of fine woodworking
Action to language via the mirror neuron system
The box of red brocade
Corpus speculorum Etruscorum. U.S.A. 3 : New York : the Metropolitan museum of art
On reflection
How the brain got language : the mirror system hypothesis
Woodworker's guide to making traditional mirrors and picture frames
Witches abroad
The Claude glass : use and meaning of the black mirror in western art
Uncertain pleasure : chinese artists in the 1990's : Art Beatus Gallery, 11.4. - 17.5.1997 / curated by Hou Hanru
Applied prismatic and reflective optics
The interactional instinct : the evolution and acquisition of language
Livingetc : the homes magazine for modern living
Film lighting : talks with Hollywood's cinematographers and gaffers
The self-aware image : an insight into early modern metapainting
Out of the centre : Porin taidemuseo 19.6. - 28.8.1994 : kiinalaista nykytaidetta = Chinese contemporary art / [luettelon toimittaja Jari-Pekka Vanhala]
Reflecting telescope optics. 2, Manufacture, testing, alignment, modern techniques
Alhacen on image-formation and distortion in mirrors : a critical edition, with English translation and commentary, of book 6 of Alhacen's De Aspectibus
Mirror neuron systems : the role of mirroring processes in social cognition
Handbook of optomechanical engineering
"The notion of the painting as an art object is a relatively recent invention. This book offers an impressive and complex account of the origins and development of this invention from the late Renaissance through the end of the baroque age. In comparison to the "old" image characterized by its preeminently liturgical function and its display in a predetermined space, the painting as the "new" image is increasingly autonomous and movable. As a modern art object, the painting becomes the focus of an aesthetic contemplation through its insertion into a gallery or a collection. As a result of the Protestant iconoclasm and the advancement of scientific knowledge, the essence and role of the image is put into question and thematized not only by theologians and scholars, but especially by artists. The painting thus becomes a field of visual experimentation in which art reflects on itself, its potential, its limits, its truth, and its nothingness. The representation of windows, doors, niches, mirrors, and paintings enable artists to embed the image within the image, to "frame" the fictiveness of the image in order to deceive, puzzle, and challenge the beholder. The pictorial devices through which artists introduce their authorial self into the image and stage the making of the image itself form the foundation of a new poetics: the poetics of metapainting"--
Fearless
Primate communication and human language : vocalisation, gestures, imitation and deixis in humans and non-humans
Immutability and fashion : Chinese contemporary art in the midst of changing surroundings : Kirin Art Space, Harajuku, March 8 - April 16, 1997 : Kirin Plaza, Osaka, May 9 - June 8, 1997 : Mitsubishi-jisho Artium, Fukuoka, August - September / [catalogue edited by: Akiko Miki, Yuko Ozawa, Anne Longnecker Dodds]
In a glass grimmly
The Connoisseur complete encyclopedia of antiques
This volume is the most recent installment of the Progress in Motor Control series. It contains contributions based on presentations by invited speakers at the Progress in Motor Control VIII meeting held in Cincinnati, OH, USA in July, 2011. Progress in Motor Control is the official scientific meeting of the International Society of Motor Control (ISMC). The Progress in Motor Control VIII meeting, and consequently this volume, provide a broad perspective on the latest research on motor control in humans and other species.
The story of Alice : Lewis Carroll and the secret history of Wonderland
Avant-garde China : twenty years of Chinese contemporary art : [The National Art Center, Tokyo, August 20, 2008 - October 20, 2008] : [The National Museum of Art, Osaka, December 9, 2008 - March 22, 2009] : [Aichi Prefectural Museum of Art, April 3, 2009  / [edited by Nakai Yasuyuki ... [et al.] ; [texts by Tatehara Akira ... [et al.]
Stars and telescopes
Progress in motor control : neural, computational and dynamic approaches
Interpretatio Etrusca : Greek myths on Etruscan mirrors
High bit-rate optical interconnects on printed wiring board : micro-optics and hybrid integration
Eero Hiironen : veden kuvaaja = vattenskildrare = portrayer of water / [toimittaja = redaktör = editor: Heli Harni]
Out of the centre : kiinalaista nykytaidetta = Chinese contemporary arts : Chen Zhen, Huang Yong Ping, Yan Pei Ming, Yang Jie Chang, Zhang Peili
"In The Myth of Mirror Neurons, neuroscientist Gregory Hickok reexamines the mirror neuron story and finds that it is built on a tenuous foundation--a pair of codependent assumptions about mirror neuron activity and human understanding. Drawing on a broad range of observations from work on animal behavior, modern neuroimaging, neurological disorders, and more, Hickok argues that the foundational assumptions fall flat in light of the facts. He then explores alternative explanations of mirror neuron function while illuminating crucial questions about human cognition and brain function: Why do humans imitate so prodigiously? How different are the left and right hemispheres of the brain? Why do we have two visual systems? Do we need to be able to talk to understand speech? Whatʼs going wrong in autism? Can humans read minds? The Myth of Mirror Neurons not only delivers an instructive tale about the course of scientific progress--from discovery to theory to revision--but also provides deep insights into the organization and function of the human brain and the nature of communication and cognition." -- Publisherʼs description.
The myth of mirror neurons : the real neuroscience of communication and cognition
The mirror book : using reflective surfaces in art, craft, and design
Pompeian brothels, Pompeii's ancient history, mirrors and mysteries, art and nature at Oplontis, the Herculaneum "Basilica"
A house without mirrors
Mirror image and therapy
Pure design : objects of desire
Malstria - Malena : metals and motifs in Etruscan mirror craft
An eye of the unseen : poems and aphorisms
More mirror images
Der Spiegel des Narziss : vom mythologischen Halbgott zum Massenphänomen : Galerie im Taxispalais, Innsbruck, [1. Dezember 2012 - 10. Februar 2013] = The mirror of Narcissus : from mythological demigod to mass phenomenon : Galerie im Taxispalais, Innsbruc / herausgegeben von = edited by Beate Ermacora und Maren Welsch
The story of bronze
Becoming human : from pointing gestures to syntax
House of shadows
The hidden sight : the end of the avant-garde in Olavi Paavolainen and Aaro Hellaakoski
Muisti on valon toinen kieli = Memory is the other language of light
This interdisciplinary study explores the meanings of mirrors and reflections in Roman art and society. When used as metaphors in Roman visual and literary discourses, mirrors had a strongly moral force, reflecting not random reality but rather a carefully filtered imagery with a didactic message. Focusing on examples found in mythical narrative, religious devotion, social interaction, and gender relations, Rabun Taylor demonstrates that reflections served as powerful symbols of personal change. Thus, in both art and literature, a reflection may be present during moments of a protagonist's inner or outer transformation.
Mirror mirror : a history of the human love affair with reflection
Leadlights for lampshades and mirrors
Shisha embroidery : Traditional Indian mirror work with instructions and transfer patterns
Trans-Danubian mirror-cases
Easy-to-make stained glass mirror frames : 16 designs with full-size templates
