http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10220 labour supply
labour supply
Supply and demand of labour force in Finland : challenges in terms of achieving "full employment" in alla parts of the country
The causes of structural unemployment : four factors that keep people from the jobs they deserve
Economics for business : competition, macro-stability and globalisation
Labour supply and population cohorts: impact of the business cycle on labour market attachment
Is variation in hours of work driven by supply or demand? : evidence from Finnish manufacturing industries
Employment and welfare in Finland in the years 1860-2030 : with applications to European employment strategy
Employment performance in the member states : employment rates report 1998
Testing and estimation in labour supply and duration models
Essays on household behavior and time-use
Training : the competitive edge : introducing new technology into the workplace
Matching across space : evidence from Finland
A report on the availability of labour if the fifth nuclear power plant is built on Olkiluoto island in Eurajoki
Renewing international labour studies
Labour and the market : workers, wages and living standards in Finland, 1850-1913
Essays on dynamic macroeconomics
Essays on empirical models of labour supply
Summary (s. 7).
Essays on labor supply and poverty : a microeconometric application
"In Silicon Valley the phrase "disruptive technology" is tossed around on a casual basis. No one doubts that technology has the power to devastate entire industries and upend various sectors of the job market. But Rise of the Robots asks a bigger question: Can accelerating technology disrupt our entire economic system to the point where a fundamental restructuring is required? Companies like Facebook and YouTube may only need a handful of employees to achieve enormous valuations, but what will be the fate of those of us not lucky or smart enough to have gotten into the great shift from human labor to computation?"
Econometric analyses of family labour supply over the life cycle using U.S. panel data
Food insecurity and the social division of labour in Tanzania, 1919-85
Successful training strategies : twenty-six innovative corporate models
Estimating the perceived tax scale within a labor supply model
Jobs, training and worker well-being
Rakennetyöttömyys Pohjois-Pohjanmaalla = Structural unemployment in Northern Ostrobothnia
Industrial democracy : strategies for community revitalization
Skills for innovation and research
The economic implications of aging societies : the costs of living happily ever after
Labour reallocation in transition countries : efficiency, restructuring and institutions
The rise of the robots : technology and the threat of a jobless future
Price theory and applications
Is it worth working?
The effect of taxation on labor supply with endogenous on-the-job amenities : a parametric evaluation
Toil and trouble : good work, smart workers, and the integration of academic and vocational education
Labour management, contracts and capital markets : a general equilibrium approach
Matching inefficiencies, regional disparities and unemployment
The American occupational structure
Labor supply and targeting in poverty alleviation programs
Changes in tax progression and labour supply under wage rate uncertainty
Empirical life cycle models of labour supply and consumptio n
Female labour supply in Finland : econometric applications of discrete choise models to married women's labour supply decisions
Getting equal : labour market regulation and women's work
Labour supply and income tax changes : a simulation study for Finland
Reproduction of labor potential in the Republic of Karelia (Russia)
Labour supply, wages and prices in the BOF4 quarterly model of the Finnish economy
Executive summary.
The macroeconomic environment
The future of work in Europe
Female labour supply and work incentives
Structural unemployment in Western Europe : reasons and remedies
Unemployment and the structure of labor markets
Essays on work and fertility
Vacancies notified : methods and measurement in the European Community
In the beginning, there is a harvester. (English summary)
Married women's labour supply in Finland
Summary.
Forecasting sectors, occupational activities and qualifications in the Federal Republic of Germany : a survey on research activities and recent findings
How do we compensate for a shrinking labour force?
Summary (s. 5-9).
Conclusions (s. 84-87).
Encouragement and discouragement : essays on taxation and government expenditure
Unemployment : a case study on contemporary Christian Social responsibility : for example : the steel workers in Lorraine (France)
Essentials of economics
Future work : changing organisational culture for the new world of work
Matching in local labour markets : empirical studies from Finland
Job matching, wage dispersion, and unemployment
Child care costs in labour supply models
Labour supply and demand in the Helsinki region
The rise of the robots : technology and the threat of mass unemployment
Studies on social insurance, income taxation and labor supply
Who needs migrant workers? : labour shortages, immigration, and public policy
"This volume seeks to re-energise the paradigm of the New International Labour Studies by detailing how struggles over the construction, reproduction, utilisation and restructuring of labour forces are the contested social foundations upon which the global economy stands. Through a combination of theoretical works and a series of case studies, the volume highlights the cutting edge of international labour studies. Its expands on three pivotal areas of study within the discipline: 1. the social construction of new labour forces across an expanding international division of labour; 2. the self-organising potential of workers, particularly within non-traditional sectors; and 3. the possibilities for transborder labour movements to help address the asymmetrical power relationships between globalised capital and localised labour. In addressing these themes, the volume helps explain not only how the contemporary international division of labour is produced and reproduced, but also the strengths and limits to current attempts to overcome its unequal and divisive nature. This book was published as a special issue of Third World quarterly"--P. [4] of cover.
Comparing workforce development systems in Western Europe : England and Finland
Recruitment problems, labour supply and workers' mobility
Corporatism, the role of government, and labour supply
Learning for life : how continuous education will keep us competitive in the global knowledge economy
International migration and the future of populations and labour force resources in Europe
Future skill supply in Europe : medium-term forecast : synthesis report
The article examines the reproduction of labor potential in the Republic of Karelia. Particular attention in the research is given to the effects of the main types of social and labor mobility (territorial, educational, professional and medical). The article stems from theoretical explorations of this subject by Russian researchers and the results of an economic and sociological survey of the working-age population of the Karelia region. It was conducted with the participation of the author in 2012 in the three municipalities of the Republic of Karelia. The research surveyed 450 respondents. The survey and statistical analysis of demographic data helped to establish the information base, which allowed performing a quantitative and qualitative assessment of the reproduction of labor potential while evaluating the impact of social and labor mobility..
Executive summary (s. 7-16).
Labour market flexibility : a conparative anthology
Education and jobs : exploring the gaps
Human resource management : international perspectives in hospitality and tourism
Essays on labor supply, wage formation and the trade union fee
Abstract (1 s.).
Female labor supply and taxes in Sweden : - a comparison of estimation approaches
Tax incentives and economic growth
The barometer of industry's qualification needs 2/98
International practice and policy trends in international labour immigration
Abstract in Finnish.
Essays on discrimination, welfare and labor supply
Factors influencing physicians' and nurses' labour supply decisions
