http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10274 visual culture
visual culture
Visual culture. Vol. 2, Histories, archaeologies and genealogies of visual culture
Teaching visual culture in an interdisciplinary classroom : feminist (re)interpretations of the field
The panorama : history of a mass medium
Rural modernity, everyday life and visual culture
Urban symphonies : creating, performing and writing the space in cinema, visual arts and literature
Genshiken : Second season. 1
The aesthetic dimension of visual culture
Cool : applied visual arts in the North
What's the use of art? : Asian visual and material culture in context
Inter/Actions/Inter/Sections : art education in a digital visual culture
Art and visibility in migratory culture : conflict, resistance, and agency
Art education 11-18 : meaning, purpose and direction
Perspectives on aesthetics, art and culture : essays in honour of Lars-Olof Åhlberg
Remote Control : power, cultures, and the world of appearances / Barbara Kruger
Interpreting visual culture : explorations in the hermeneutics of the visual / edited by Ian Heywood and Barry Sandywell
Technological changes have radically altered the ways in which people use visual images. Since the invention of photography, imagery has increasingly been used for entertainment, journalism, information, medical diagnostics, instruction, and communication. These functions move the image beyond aesthetic issues associated with art and into the realm of communication studies. This introductory textbook introduces students to the terminology of visual literacy, methods for analyzing visual media, and theories on the relationship between visual communication and culture. Exploring the meanings associated with visual symbols and the relationship of visual communication to culture, this book will provide students with a better understanding of the visually oriented world in which they live. Student-friendly features such as boxed topics, key terms, web resources, and suggestions for exercises are provided throughout.
The sacred gaze : religious visual culture in theory and practice
The everyday : experiences, concepts, and narratives
"This volume investigates the horror genre across national boundaries (including locations such as Africa, Turkey, and post-Soviet Russia) and different media forms, illustrating the ways that horror can be theorized through the circulation, reception, and production of transnational media texts. Perhaps more than any other genre, horror is characterized by its ability to be simultaneously aware of the local while able to permeate national boundaries, to function on both regional and international registers. The essays here explore political models and allegories, questions of cult or subcultural media and their distribution practices, the relationship between regional or cultural networks, and the legibility of international horror iconography across distinct media. The book underscores how a discussion of contemporary international horror is not only about genre but about how genre can inform theories of visual cultures and the increasing permeability of their borders." -- Publisher website.
Introduction to mass communication : media literacy and culture
The city of the senses : urban culture and urban space
Theorizing visual studies : writing through the discipline
Peripheral insider : perspectives on contemporary internationalism in visual culture
Designing for the 21st century : interdisciplinary questions and insights
DPPI 2007 : user experience plus : proceedings of the Conference Designing Pleasurable Products and Interfaces, 22-25 August 2007, School of Design, University of Art and Design Helsinki
Genshiken : Second season. 2
Creative boycott : transgression, counterfeit and aesthetic imaginary
Étapes : design and visual culture
The finnish environment and visual art
Chinese modernity and global biopolitics : studies in literature and visual culture
Press photography and visual framing of news
grafik : the magazine for graphic design
Popular and visual culture : design circulation and consumption
Critical studies in art and design education
"The contemporary art world has become more inhospitable to "serious" intellectual activity in recent years. Critical discourse has been increasingly instrumentalized in the service of neoliberal art markets and institutions, and artists are pressurized by the demands of popularity and funding bodies. Set against this context, Gavin Butt and Irit Rogoff raise the question of "seriousness" in art and culture. What is seriousness exactly, and where does it reside? Is it a desirable value in contemporary culture? Or is it bound up with elite class and institutional cultures? Butt and Rogoff reflect on such questions through historical and theoretical lenses, and explore whether or not it might be possible to pursue knowledge and value in contemporary culture without recourse to high-brow gravitas. Can certain art forms--such as performance art--suggest ways in which we might be intelligent without being serious? And can one be serious in the art world without returning to established assumptions about the high-mindedness of the public intellectual?" --
The Block Reader in visual culture / [edited by: Block editorial board and Sally Stafford]
Biopolitical screens : image, power, and the neoliberal brain
African signs
The regime of visibility
Pictorial practices in a "Cam Era" : studying non-professional camera use
Beyond the fantastic : contemporary art criticism from Latin America
Picturing Russia : explorations in visual culture
Visual culture in the art class : case studies
The purpose of this study is to explore and analyse the characteristics that make photographs attractive and appealing to young Finnish adults, and by contrast what makes photographs unattractive and even odious. The focus of the study is on photographs of Finnish nature, which show a diversity of landscapes, seasons and life forms. The author aims to obtain more a profound understanding regarding the creation of nature photographs for communication purposes. This study refines and takes further a Nuuksio Nature Centre 1 study conducted by a group of Haaga-Helia University of Applied Sciences students in autumn 2010.     In the theoretical section of this study concepts and theories related to the visual culture, images and visual analysis of photographs are introduced and explained. The principles of semiotics are explained and the Nuuksio Nature Centre 1-study is presented in more detail, as it is closely connected with this study and its results.     The theoretical part is followed by a methodology section, which illustrates the methods and procedures of this research. The data analysis method applied in this qualitative research is visual content analysis, combined with a concise semiotic visual analysis. In the empirical section of this thesis the research process and data analysis are presented. This section focuses on reporting a qualitative visual analysis of Finnish nature photographs conducted during spring 2011.     Results and findings of visual analysis are presented in the empirical section, which is reiterated by presenting conclusions of the research. The study illustrated that some of the common characteristics for the studied photographs were as follows: size of the frame, horizontal angle, colour harmony and natural direct lightning. The content, vertical angle and composition seemed to have the most affect the attractiveness of photographs.    This thesis is concluded with an evaluation of the entire research and by assessing the utility and outcomes of it.
Writing the image after Roland Barthes / edited by Jean-Michel Rabaté
Cultural Differences between Finnish and Japanese Cultures - Enhancing Active Project’s Design Management
Religion, art, and visual culture : a cross-cultural reader
A keener perception : ecocritical studies in american art history
The visual in sport
American studies as media studies
Texts : contemporary cultural texts and critical approaches
An introduction to visual communication : from cave art to second life
Seeing differently : a history and theory of identification and the visual arts
Global visual cultures : an anthology
Visual culture : an introduction / John A. Walker & Sarah Chaplin
Helvetica
Narratives on Chinese colour culture in business contexts : the Yin Yang Wu Xing of Chinese values
Genshiken : Second season. 3
The imaginary : word and image = L'Imaginaire : texte et image
A paradigm for looking : cross-cultural research with visual media
The state of the real : aesthetics in the digital age
The archive / edited by Charles Merewether
No more rules : graphic design and postmodernism
Symbolic imprints : essays on photography and visual culture
Feeling modern : the eccentricities of public life
Yishu jiaoyu yu shijue wenhua = Art education and visual culture
Art history : the key concepts / Jonathan Harris
Visual culture and archaeology : art and social life in prehistoric South-East Italy
Trends as a concrete help of futures thinking for organizations : how could trends become understood and utilized better?
Chow Yik and her things
The imaginary as a critical concept originated in the twentieth century and has been theorized in diverse ways. It can be understood as a register of thought; the way we interpret the world; the universe of images, signs, texts, and objects of thought. In this volume, it is explored as it manifests itself in encounters between the verbal and the visual. A number of the essays brought together here explore the transposition of the imaginary in illustrations of texts and verbal renditions of images, as well as in comic books based on paintings or on verbal narratives. Others analyze ways in which books deal with film or television and investigate the imaginary in digital media. Special attention is paid to the imaginary of places and the relationship of the imaginary with memory. Written in English and French, these contributions by European and American scholars demonstrate the various concerns and approaches characteristic of contemporary scholarship in word and image studies.
Intercultural visual literacy : interpretations on the Finnish Elovena symbol
Expressing politics through visual theatre : analysis of contemporary visual theatre artists from Post-Soviet countries
Peripheral insider : perspectives on contemporary internationalism in visual culture / edited by Khaled D. Ramadan
Visual interventions : applied visual anthropology
Art in mind : how contemporary images shape thought / Ernst van Alphen
Between the hands and under the eyes : everyday objects
Audiovisual Documentation of an International Seminar : Case: LIME
Bodies in between : framing corporeality in cinema and visual culture
Handbook of visual analysis / edited by Theo van Leeuwen and Carey Jewitt
Research methods for cultural studies
Tumbledown barn or wild animals : which elements in the nature photographs attract the young Finnish adults? : visual analysis of Finnish nature photographs
The visual culture reader / edited, with introductions by Nicholas Mirzoeff
The masculine masquerade : masculinity and representation
Tourism and visual culture : Volume 1, theories and concepts
History of Yukon first nations of art
Good looking : essays on the virtue of images / Barbara Maria Stafford
Integrating visual culture with DBAE in curricula / : Mina Hedayat, Sabzali Musa Kahn, Monteza Goudarzi
On verbal/visual representation
Research for designers : a guide to methods and practice
ICO Iconographisk post
Verbalising the visual : translating art and design into words
Research methods in cultural studies
In Biopolitical Screens, Pasi Väliaho charts and conceptualizes the imagery that composes our affective and conceptual reality under twenty-first-century capitalism. Väliaho investigates the role screen media play in the networks that today harness human minds and bodies -- the ways that images animated on console game platforms, virtual reality technologies, and computer screens capture human potential by plugging it into arrangements of finance, war, and the consumption of entertainment. Drawing on current neuroscience and political and economic thought, Väliaho argues that these images work to shape the atomistic individuals who populate the neoliberal world of accumulation and war. Väliaho bases his argument on a broad notion of the image as something both visible and sayable, detectable in various screen platforms but also in scientific perception and theoretical ideas. After laying out the conceptual foundations of the book, Väliaho offers focused and detailed investigations of the current visual economy. He considers the imagery of first-person shooter video games as tools of "neuropower"; explores the design and construction of virtual reality technologies to treat post-traumatic stress disorder in veterans of Iraq and Afghanistan; and examines three instances of video installation art that have the power to disrupt the dominant regime of sensibility rather than reinforce it.
Provenance of cultural colour meanings : The Green Hat and other narratives from Sino-Finnish business encounters
Visual culture in twentieth-century Germany : text as spectacle
The feminism and visual culture reader
Made to be seen : perspectives on the history of visual anthropology
Designing for the 21st century : interdisciplinary methods and findings
When was modernism : essays on contemporary cultural practice in India
Visual anthropology has proven to offer fruitful methods of research and representation to applied projects of social intervention. Through a series of case studies based on applied visual anthropological work in a range of contexts - health and medicine, tourism and heritage, social development, conflict and disaster relief, community filmmaking and empowerment, and industry - this volume examines both the range of contexts in which applied visual anthropology is engages, and the methodological and theoretical issues it raises.
South African visual culture
Conceptual odysseys : passages to cultural analysis
Visualizing rituals : critical analysis of art and ritual practice
Philosophy and the arts : seeing and believing / Andrew Harrison ; preface by: Ray Monk
Transnational horror across visual media : fragmented bodies
Downcast eyes : the denigration of vision in twentieth-century french thought / Martin Jay
What do pictures want? : the lives and loves of images / W.J.T. Mitchell
