http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10214 ability to work
ability to work
Work ability as a determinant of old age disability severity: evidence from the 28-year Finnish Longitudinal Study on Municipal Employees
English summary: The aims and prospects of the rehabilitation examination : a follow-up study on the rehabilitation examination clients of the Rehabilitation Research Centre of the Social Insurance Institution in Finland in 1977-1985.
The experienced work ability of the physiotherapists in the public and private sectors
Age management during the life course : proceedings of the 4th Symposium on Work Ability
Young men with asthma : prognosis and effect on work ability : report from the research project 108327 for the Finnish Work Environment Fund
Aging and changes in health
Correlation between Marketing Communication Tools and Business Performance Variables : Charles River Discovery Services Finland Case Study
Research on work-related stress
Enhancing innovation capability and business opportunities : cases of SME-oriented applied research
Collaboration in practice : a study of language teacher collaboration
Quality of life, motivation and costs in multidisciplinary occupational rehabilitation : a prospective controlled two-year study in patients with prolonged musculoskeletal disorders
"Humans in a complex environment" : proceedings of the 34th Annual Congress of the Nordic Ergonomics Society, 1-3 October 2002, Kolmården, Sweden. Volume 1, A - J
Developing mental toughness : improving performance, wellbeing and positive behaviour in others
Abstract.
Labour costs in economic segments producing intermediate goods for the manufacturing sector have grown significantly faster in Finland than in competitor countries in 1999-2011. The relatively rapid pace of growth in labour costs has passed through into intermediate goods prices, which has contributed to weakening the competitiveness of the exports industry..
Early support model in Ministry of Social Affairs and Health
The Influence of Latvian Labor Emigration Abroad on Latvia's Competitiveness
Occupational Functioning Scale (PFS) : an instrument for assessment of work ability in psychiatric disorders
Abstract: Ergonomic teaching package for the workers of a service home for mentally challenged adults.
Development of a wellness event
Work related challenges and Sherborne developmental movement -educational evening for Vehmaa day care personnel
Ageing at work : proceedings of a European colloquium, Paris 12 June 1991
Corporate social performance : creating shared value with non-governmental organisations
The effects of R&D cooperation and labour mobility on innovation
Dimensions of work ability : results of the Health 2000 survey
Aging, work, life-style and work ability among Finnish municipal workers in 1981-1992
Work ability and health-related quality of life in middle-aged men : the role of physical activity and fitness
Longer careers? : 'Veto' programme indicators
Regional science-based clusters : a case study of three European concentrations
Job rotation : experiences and practices
Campaign guide : management leadership and worker participation in occupational safety and health
Burnout, bipolar or borreliosis? : a diagnostic dilemma behind prolonged disability
"Mental toughness measures how effectively individuals respond to stress, pressure, and challenges. Understanding this concept is essential to improving performance for both the individual and organization, and authors Peter Clough and Doug Strycharczyk explain mental toughness clearly and effectively. This new updated edition includes greater coverage of how mental toughness relates to other behaviors and can be applied to leadership, creativity, emotional intelligence, and motivation. It also looks at applications in employability and entrepreneurship, and expands its coverage of coaching for mental toughness. "--
In exercise there's strength - for work
Finnish research project on aging workers in 1981-1992
Social Service Entrepreneurship As a Context for Entrepreneurial Activity
Occupational well-being : the role of areas of worklife and achievement and social strategies
Competence identification, assessment and development : case study: Merivaara Oy
Process of burnout : structure, antecedents, and consequences
Resource-oriented assessment of work ability in psychiatry
Research framework for the connection between environmental collaboration and firm performance
Social factors at work and the health of employees
Work Ability : Project for the workers of a service home for mentally challenged adults
A great day at the office : 10 simple strategies for maximising your energy and getting the best out of yourself and your day
Long-term effects of preventive early rehabilitation course
Risk assessment and management of cold related health hazards in cold workplaces
Work in the global village : abstracts
Effectiveness of short-term and long-term psychotherapy on work ability and functional capacity : a randomized clinical trial on depressive and anxiety disorders : research report
Ache and melancholy : co-occurence of musculoskeletal pain and depressive symptoms in Finland
This thesis is made as a case study for an Oulu based indoor activity park. The case company also organizes work welfare activity services for business customers. The objective of this thesis is to determine what kind of work well-being activities companies in Oulu region organizes. Another objective is to find out what are the key issues the case company needs to pay attention to in order to be able to provide attractive services for companies. It was also wanted to examine companies’ expectations towards the benefits that can be achieved by organizing work welfare activity days. Work welfare is the competitive tool which creates financial performance. Work well-being must be considered from the perspective of profitability of the business so that its effects can be utilized in the best possible way. In this thesis the work welfare’s impacts on competitiveness were examined through three main players: productivity and cost-efficiency, quality of work and customer satisfaction, and intangible assets. .Another part of the theory consist of the factors affecting work well-being from the individual and organizational point of view. There has been used Rauramo’s five steps of work well-being- model examines the basic needs with respect of work. The research method used in this thesis is quantitative semi-structured research. It was conducted as a questionnaire which was sent to the respondents via e-mail. Smaller companies had bigger budgets and they organize more often work welfare activity days which last one day. The companies were interested in organizing work welfare activity days in the future as well as having new experiences. Comfortable environment was found out to be the most important factor when choosing a place where to organize work welfare days. The importance of evening program and wide range of options emerged. Companies believed that work welfare has an impact on the company’s success. Relaxation, elevating team spirit and work motivation were found to be the key objectives. The company should focus on smaller companies since they have bigger budgets. Investing in websites is important since companies find information online. The work well-being activity days should have a variety of options to choose from since it occurred many times in the study. The opportunity for evening program was found to be important. The activities uplifting team spirit are worth investing in since it occurred many times in the study.
Mobile-based intervention based on acceptance and commitment therapy : the effectiveness on work ability and perceived stress for individuals with symptoms of metabolic syndrome and psychological stress
Health & work productivity : making the business case for quality health care
Mental workload and its effects on work-life balance : a case study
Essays on current account imbalances
Abstract: Work ability- project for the workers of a service home for mentally challenged adults.
Working without hearing : How to keep your job or find a new one when you have become profoundly deaf
Summary of the Finnsih research project (1981-1992) to promote the health and work ability of aging workers
Who returns to work & why? : a six-country study on work incapacity & reintegration
Dialogue about working ability : (DWA)  version 4.0
Aging workers and the employee-employer relationship
Association of physical fitness on self- perceived work ability on working aged people
Designing for an aging population : ten years of human factors/ergonomics research
Older workers in a sustainable society
Effects of ergonomic intervention on the improvement of low-back disorders, perceived health status and overall working ability among kitchen staff : one year follow-up study
Maintenance of work ability research and assessment : summaries
Work ability index
Musculoskeletal disorders and physical strain among food factory workers
The possibilities of developmental rehabilitation : a study on the construction of work relatedness and the customer in Aslak rehabilitation.
Employee well-being at work and early retirement intentions in medium and high-performance companies
A systemic-structural theory of activity : applications to human performance and work design
Developing a model of employee's performance management process for Tallinn hotel businesses
Building a Collaborative Network for Smooth Market Penetration for Finnish Bioenergy Companies in Africa : Case: MHG Systems Oy/Feedstock Optimum Ltd
Physiological determinants and assessment of stress and recovery among media workers
From the evaluation of disability to the promotion of work ability - a critical analysis of Work Ability Index (WAI)
Abstract: Long-term effects of preventive early rehabilitation course.
The human motor : energy, fatigue, and the origins of modernity
Kinesiology for dummies
Total and occupationally active life expectancies in relation to social class and marital status in men classified as healthy at 20 in Finland
Summary in English: Psychiatric assessment of working impairment.
Work ability in midlife as a predictor of mortality and disability in later life: a 28-year prospective follow-up study
Wellness and taking care of ones own health has become trendy and public forces are trying to find out ways to get people more interested of their own health and well being. Also corporations launch wellness and workplace health promotion programs more commonly to reduce employee turnover and to increase company profits. In the future there will be increase in the amount of elderly people in Finland and this emphasizes the need for work related health services and preventive health behaviour. In work environments more focus needs to be laid on motivation and work well being. This creates a demand for wellness event for corporate groups aiming to motivate employees and to stimulate them to exercise to improve their health. The aim of this thesis is to point out factors that are essential when developing a wellness event concept and based on those make a proposal of potential concept for an event and programme organiser. The thesis has two parts: the theoretical frame of reference and a plan of a wellness event concept. The framework is created based on the literature of wellness, workplace health promotion, event marketing, event as a product and event product development. Also the process of wellness event development is descriped based on the descriptions of workplace health promotion, event marketing and event product development. When planning a wellness event for a corporate group the customer needs, expectations, resources and participation level needs to be found out before decisions about the content of the event can be made. Since event as a product is immaterial and it is produced and consumed simultaneously, also the people providing the event are a part of the product and affect the experience of a customer.     In the project part of the thesis a wellness event concept is created. The idea of wellness event  bases on co-operation between an event and programme organiser and a fitness chain. The event is targeted to all companies wanting to motivate the employees to improve their health by exercise. A potential product called Wellness Week is created to give a better picture of the potential event.
Summary: In search of means to improve the employees' ability to work.
Etelä-Pohjanmaan työttömien työkyvyn edistäminen -projekti 1997-1999. Opi oppimaan yleissivistävien aineiden avulla : andragogisen mallin sovellus = "Learn to learn by means of liberal studies"
The Veto Programme 2003-2007 : national action programme on extending working life, well-being at work and rehabilitation
Are the healthier wealthier or the wealthier healthier? : the European evidence
Work accommodation and retention in mental health
Training challenges in the Barents region's mining industry
Changes in the work ability of active employees over an 11-year period
Unemployment and work ability
Physical work capacity and pregnancy
Summary (s. 3).
Hotel employees occupational well-being
The many faces of the National Programme on Ageing Workers : the concluding report on the programme
The body silent
Employee induction : developing an induction process for a company providing services in sports and leisure time activities
"Media work is a good example of working life in modern 24/7 society. Time pressure and cognitive strain due to overflow of media inputs enhance job strain. New technology requires constant learning and implementation of new working modalities. Employees might continue work-related activities at home and outside the workplace. This may lead to overcommitment and extension of the real working time. Irregular shift work is common. Sudden changes in information flow, technical problems and alterations in team resources may hinder recovery and increase stress. On the other hand high demands may increase the well-being, if the worker can use the skills and has good job control. Self-assessments of stress and well-being combined with physiological measurements help us also to identify work-related and personal factors that could explain good or poor recovery." -- (Back Cover)
Summary.
Age-related changes of the work ability construct and its relations to cognitive functioning in the older worker : a 16-year follow-up study
Developing mental toughness : coaching strategies to improve performance, resilience and wellbeing
"Mental toughness is about how effectively individuals respond to stress, pressure and challenge. It is rooted in the notion of resilience but moves beyond this by being highly applicable and measurable. Understanding this concept is essential to improving performance for both the individual and organization, and this ground-breaking book explains mental toughness clearly and effectively. Tracing its development from sports psychology into the world of business, health and education, Developing Mental Toughness was the first book to look at applications at the organizational level and to provide a reliable psychometric measure. The new edition includes greater coverage of how mental toughness relates to other behaviours and can be applied to leadership, creativity, emotional intelligence, and motivation. It also looks at its applications in employability and entrepreneurship, and there will be expanded coverage of coaching for mental toughness. Written for anyone coaching individuals and teams for improved performance, the book contains practical guidance and techniques, exercises, case studies and the Mental Toughness self-assessment tool"--
Voice work : art and science in changing voices
Sector-specific labour cost developments from the perspective of the industrial sector's cost structure
Well-being creates productivity : the Druvan model
Abstaining from alcohol and labour market underperformance : have we forgotten the "dry" alcoholics?
Fitness for work : the role of physical demands analysis and physical capacity asessment
Disability evaluation
This book focuses on the aging workforce from the employment relationship perspective. This innovative book specifically focuses on how organizations can ensure their aging workers remain motivated, productive, and healthy. In 15 chapters, several experts on this topic describe how organizations through effective human resource management can ensure that workers are able to continue working at higher age. In addition, this book discusses the role older workers themselves play in continuing work at higher age. To do this, the authors integrate research from different areas, such as literature on leadership, psychological contracts, and diversity with literature on the aging workforce. Through this integration this book provides innovative ways for organizations and workers to maintain productivity, motivation and health. Aging Workers and the Employee-Employer Relationship summarizes the latest research on how employment relationships change with age and its implications for supporting the well-being, motivation, and productivity of older workers. It identifies ways to improve how both companies and workers solve the problems they face. These include better designed employment practices and more adaptive job content and developmental opportunities for aging workers along with activities aging workers can engage to enhance their own job crafting, learning and employability.
Abstract (1 s.). Summary (s. 97-99): I'm stronger than before : the rehabilitation experience of people with long employment histories.
12-Mo intervention of physical exercise improved work ability, especially in subjects with low baseline work ability
Government resolution : Occupational Health 2015 : development strategy for occupational health care
Catching up with competitiveness in emerging markets : an analysis of the role of the firm's technology management strategies
The prevention of problems related to disallowed disability pensions : a report commissioned by the Parlamentary Trustees of the Social Insurance Institution, Finland
Women's narratives on fibromyalgia, functioning and life events
Entrepreneurial business opportunity recognition : relationships between intellectual and social capital, environmental dynamism, opportunity recognition behavior, and performance
Utilizing research in the practice of personnel selection : general mental ability, personality, and job performance
Longer careers? : the Veto Programme indicators
The severity of cognitive deficits predicts return to work after a first-ever ischaemic stroke
Job demands and assessment of the physical work capacity of fire fighters
Functional and work disability and treatment received by patients with major depressive disorder
Eleven-year follow-up of aging workers
Effects of simulated tractor vibration on the psychophysiological and mechanical functions of the driver : comparison of some excitatory frequencies
Ageing at work : the European perspective
On "good" academic work : practicing respect at close range
Long-term flollow-up study focusing on MDD patients' maintenance treatment, adherence, disability and smoking
Balance abilities of workers in physically demanding jobs : with special reference to firefighters of different ages
Executive summary (s. 9-20).
The managerial relevance of maintenance of work ability : a Finnish perspective
Long-term outcome of depressive disorders in primary health care
Work welfare activities' attractiveness from business customers' point of view : case study
Past, present and future of work ability : proceedings of the 1st International symposium on work ability, 5-6 September 2001 Tampere, Finland : organizers Finnish Institute of Occupationa Health ... [et al.]
Ergonomic teaching pakage for the workers of a service home for mentally challenged adults
Diversity of work ability
Disability and working life
Focus on disability : trends in research and application, volume II
The Finnish work ability approach - a historical and conceptual analysis
Physical capacity and workload among ageing workers
Early-phase performance evaluation of computer systems using workload models and SystemC
Abstract (1 s.).
Effectiveness of a workplace physical exercise intervention on the functioning, work ability, and subjective well-being of office workers : a cluster randomised controlled cross-over trial with a one-year follow-up
The purpose of the research is to clarify the factors which will increase the occupational well-being of hotel employees. The aim was to find answers to questions how food, drink, rest, exercise and social working environment affect to employee's occupational well-being.  The method of the research was a quantitative mail survey and was made with a paper questionnaire. The study sample consisted of all employees, excluding housekeeping, working on the 2nd of January 2007 in an international hotel in Helsinki, Finland. This was in total 76 hotel employees. The answer percentage of the questionnaire was 57 %. The results were analysed statistically by Tixel program which uses Microsoft Excel macros.  Of the respondents 60 % were women and 40 % men. Nearly two thirds of the women and half of the men belonged to age group 18-33. Every third of the men belonged to age group over 50 but only 12% of the women. Over half of the respondents did shift work.  The majority of the respondents found it very important that in-house food services were provided by employer in each shift, but they used them seldom. They felt that food services were versatile but healthier and lighter alternatives were requested. Only half of the respondents kept regularly coffee and lunch brakes during the working shifts.  The physical condition of the respondents was good and majority of the responders did 30 minutes exercise at least 2-3 times a week. Women were in better fitness than men as well as the younger respondents compared to the middle age ones. Although the respondents were in good physical condition and slept the average sleeping hours, over half of the respondents felt tired 1-2 days a week and about every fourth experienced tiredness even more often. Half of the respondents found the work physically and psychically overloading.  In good social working environment the most important factors by the respondents were fellow employees, ergonomics, support by the superiors and challenges and responsibility. Flow of information, possibility to influence on own work and the feedback from superiors were the areas they wished for improvement. Nearly half of the respondents felt that they did not receive enough feedback from their superiors and nearly one third felt that they were not are able to influence enough on their own work. Almost all respondent felt that atmosphere was good in their working department and majority felt their work was meaningful and cooperation between employees was fluent.  Hotel employees aimed to have healthy way of living in their free time although they felt that shift work made it difficult to exercise. They felt that hotel work was mentally and physically loading but they used the health related services provided by employer seldom and did not take the allowed breaks during shifts regularly.  The health habits, especially in night shifts, corresponded only partially to the recommendations given in the literature. This can be a consequence of lack of knowledge, information or time.  Demanding hotel work and shift work set especial requirements for occupational wellbeing and human resource management. An employer cannot alone be responsible of the employee's well-being. Employer should together with the employees develop the health related services and working environment as in health project in Scandic hotel chain that guides employees towards healthier life style.  The results of my study support the Scandic health project. The data and results can also be utilized in the long-term implementation and development of wellbeing of the employees and in making Scandic Continental healthier and more attractive working.
Work ability and later-life health : a 28-year longitudinal study among Finnish municipal workers
WAI : how to use the Work Ability IndexTM questionnaire
A user's manual for assessment of work performance (AWP)
"Humans in a complex environment" : proceedings of the 34th Annual Congress of the Nordic Ergonomics Society, 1-3 October 2002, Kolmården, Sweden. Volume 2, K - Ö
