http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10292 trumpet
trumpet
Fanfares : new trumpet pieces for young players
"Satchmo"
Classic Louis Armstrong
From the plantation to the penitentiary
The Allen Vizzutti trumpet method : an intermediate / advanced method on three books. Book 1, Technical studies
Let us have music for trumpet : 17 solos with piano accompaniment
Mel Bay's more fun with the trumpet
Lee Morgan : his life, music and culture
Satchmo : the wonderful world and art of Louis Armstrong
THE TRUMPET AND TROMBONE
Miles Davis' greatest hits
The Sigmud Hering trumpet course : the advancing trumpeter book 2 : a melodic method for class, private, or supplementary study
Complete Virtuoso Method : for trumpet, cornet, treble clef baritone
Best of the 80's. Trumpet
The beginning trumpeter : book one of the Sigmund Hering trumpet (cornet) course : a melodic method for class, private, or supplementary study
Trumpeters' tunes : ten original pieces for trumpet and piano
Twentieth century music for trumpet and orchestra
Young Chet
The sax & brass book
Let the bright Seraphim
Standards for trumpet. Volume 1
I should care
Flutes, reeds and trumpets: 2nd pr
In a silent way
A new tune a day for trumpet. Book 1
The academy collection for trumpet
The Miles Davis companion : four decades of commentary
Transponier-Schule für B- und A-Trompete = Method of transposition for trumpets in Bb and A. Teil 1
Pops : the 1940's small-band sides
That's easy! : marches. Marches for trumpet
Fast track trumpet training = Trompetenstudien für die spielerische Fitness. Vol. 1, for beginners to intermediate players = leicht bis mittelschwer
Rhapsody in blue : arranged for trumpet and piano : obrabotka dlja truby i fortepiano = Rapsodija v stile bljuz
The trumpet : construction & performance
Easy classics. For trumpet with piano accompaniment
Christmas carols
Freddie Hubbard : for all musicians
Super hits : trumpet
Systematic approach to daily practice for trumpet : how to practice, what to practice, when to practice : a fifty-two week trumpet course ..
The complete trumpet player. Book 4
Dizzy Gillespie : the man who changed my life
The Allen Vizzutti trumpet method : an intermediate / advanced method in three books. Book 3, Melodic studies
MEL BAY'S TRUMPET IMPROVISING WORKBOOK. - MEL BAY
The complete trumpet player. Book 3
Transponier-Schule für B- und A-Trompete : Band 1 = Method of transposition for trumpets in Bb and A
Setting up the drills : (calisthenic excercises) for the trumpet
Breathe control : range and endurance developed through chromatic technique
[An elementary band method : for class instruction of mixed instruments or full band
Popular solos for the trumpet
Baroque and piccolo trumpet : an historical analysis with emphasis on performance practice and teaching techniques
Groovin' High : original recordings 1942-1949
Transponier-Schule für B- und A-Trompete = Method of transposition for trumpets in Bb and A. Band 2
Mitchell on trumpet. 4
The essential Wynton Marsalis
Trumpet isometrics
Exercises & etudes : for both jazz & classical trumpet players
Trumpet lessons with David Hickman : volume V : psychology of performance
BEACH BOYS : TRUMPET : EIGHTEEN OF THE BEACH BOYS' GRATEST HITS SPECIALLY ARRANGED FOR THE TRUMPET BY JACK LONG
In Boston
He and she
Love Song
Graded excercises and studies for trumpet and other valved brass instruments
Play trumpet today!
How to play trumpet
The young trumpet-player : a series of graded arrangements for trumpet in B flat and piano. Volume 2
Cornet method Bb trumpet. 1
Edwards-Hovey method for cornet or trumpet. Book one
Practical studies for the trumpet
Harold Mitchell's trumpet method. Book 1
Satchmo live in Berlin Friedrichstadtpalast and all stars : the legendary Berlin concert
Together : the complete studio recordings
Trumpet : Number one hits
Bach: cantatas ; Barber, Copland
Mel Bay's trumpet improvising workbook
Chet plays & sings the great ballads
The complete trumpet player. Book 1
Eight classic albums
The complete Columbia albums collection
Satch as such
Trumpet for beginners
Chet for lovers
Take up the trumpet 1.
Dee Gee Days : The Savoy Sessions
Mitchell on trumpet. 2
The Darwin Effect
Toe to toe
The tempest : or the enchanted island
Trumpets and other high brass : a history inspired by the Joe R. and Joella F. Utley Collection. Volume 2, Ways to expand the harmonic series
Satch plays Fats
Live in France 1978
Satchmo
Live at the 1958 Monterey jazz festival
The Louis Armstrong collection : 20 golden greats
Blood on the fields
Song.. tread lightly
Music for a royal wedding
Easy classics. For trumpet
Dizzier and Dizzier
Back home!
The Allen Vizzutti trumpet method : an intermediate / advanced method in three books. Book 2, Harmonic studies
Boosey & Hawkes instrumental course Bb cornet or trumpet. Part one
BEACH BOYS : CLARINET : EIGHTEEN OF THE BEACH BOYS' GREATEST HITS SPECIALLY ARRANGED FOR THE CLARINET BY JACK LONG
Serious fun
Rubank intermediate method : trombone or baritone
Free to solo : an easy approach to improvising in funk, soul, latin, folk and jazz styles. Trumpet
She Was Too Good To Me
The complete science fiction sessions
Eighties hits : Playalong for Trumpet
Luck's in my corner : the life and music of Hot Lips Page
The art of brass playing : a treatise on the formation and use of the brass player's embouchure
FIRST YEAR POPULAR SOLOS FOR TRUMPET 1.
Trumpet secrets revealed : the ultimate multi-level guide
Wynton Marsalis : Skain's Domain ; A Biography
The dawn
Trumpet anthology : 21 pieces by 13 composers
Take up the trumpet. Book 2
The Armstrong box
Miles beyond : the electric explorations of Miles Davis, 1967-1991
Let's get lost : cool and iconic sides
She was too good to me
100 + solos for trumpet
Contemporary jazz studies. Vol. 1, Trumpet
Jazz and blues greats for trumpet
Chet Baker play-along : 10 transcriptions of the original Chet Baker solos in C and Bb
The last trumpet : a history of the English slide trumpet
Early jazz-rock : the music of Miles Davis, 1967-72
Mel Bay's trumpet method
Lips of steel : 22 endurance etudes for trumpet
Take up the trumpet 2.
The story of jazz
Louis Armstrong in Scandinavia. Vol. 1
The Sigmund Hering Trumpet Course : A Melodic Method for Class, Private, or Supplementary Study. 1, The Beginning Trumpeter
Love songs for trumpet [Nuottijulkaisu]
Scales & arpeggios for the trumpet
Straight from the heart : The great last concert Vol. II
Early Byrd : The Best Of The Jazz Soul Years
Hot House
Traveling blues : the life and and music of Tommy Ladnier
When I fall in love
The essential Louis Armstrong : 24 classic jazz greats
Brownie : The complete EmArcy recordings of Clifford Brown
Cool & collected
Student's essential studies for trumpet : a sequential collection of 42 standard etudes for the advancing student
Trumpet Hanon : 75 exercises to build endurance & flexibility
East meets west : the Russian trumpet tradition from the time of Peter the Great to the October Revolution, with a lexicon of trumpeters active in Russia from the seventeenth to the twentieth
The Yamaha advantage : Musicianship from day one : Trumpet : book 2
Baker's Holiday
That's easy!. 2: The Beatles for trumpet
Contemporary jazz studies. Vol. 2, Trumpet
Review : (1968-2000)
The trumpet
Clark : the autobiography of Clark Terry
A physical approach to playing the trumpet
Funny tricks - but beautiful
Transponier-Schule für B- und A-Trompete : Band 2 = Method of transposition for trumpets in Bb and A
The complete remastered recordings on Black Saint & Soul Note
Chet Baker in Paris : the complete original recordings
Mitchell on trumpet. 3
New Orleans nights ; For lovers
Trumpets and other high brass : a history inspired by the Joe R. and Joella F. Utley Collection. Volume 1, Instruments of the single harmonic series
Sonaatti kahdelle trumpetille = Sonata for two trumpets
Last stop, Carnegie Hall : Philharmonic trumpeter William Vacchiano
34 studies for trumpet
Take another ten. For trumpet and piano
Trumpet for dummies
Artistic trumpet : technique and study
Black Codes : (from the underground)
Louis Armstrong plays W. C. Handy
Stravinsky Conducts Stravinsky : The Original Jacket Collection
