http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10221 renting
renting
Clinical labor : tissue donors and research subjects in the global bioeconomy
Effects of agricultural commercialization on land tenure, household resource allocation, and nutrition in the Philippines
History of labour on a coffee plantation : La Aurora Plantation, Tolima-Colombia, 1882-1982
Temporary agency work in Finland : backgroung documentary on temporary agency work in Europe
Revenue management : a path to increased profits
Bareboat charters
Improving transport productivity in equipment rental business
Tenancy in South Asia
Tenancy, freehold and enclosure in Finland from the seventeenth to the nineteenth century
Customer satisfaction : assistive devices rental at Respecta Oy
Regional differences in land prices in Finland
The Role of networking in weekly program producion : case Rtg active
Leasing agricultural land
The mesh : why the future of business is sharing
American Congo : the African American freedom struggle in the Delta
The frequent traveler's guide : your essential handbook to preventing unnecessary hassles and saving money
Powers of exclusion : land dilemmas in Southeast Asia
Access to finnish law
The E.C. directive on rental and lending rights and on piracy
The aim of this thesis is to create a proper business plan for the entrepreneur project of Sci le Puy du coq. The case is the Puy du coq vacation rental cottage construction planning. Puy du coq is a vocational rental cottages construction plan in the center of France. The entrepreneur is Miss. Sandra Chassan, her creation of company type is SCI (Société Civile Immobilière). The actual site location is a natural site in the countryside and the plan includes a reception building, a meeting room and full-equipped fitness and wellness center with a biological swimming pool. The whole project design is aiming families and handicap personals. The surrounding of the area is peaceful and with easy access. It makes a short escape / city break possible for families, families with handicap members and even business purpose possible. The thesis studies the possible cottage construction in the local area and the marketing needs of such vacation rental. The construction plan for the whole site and the different cottage types, the success factors and commercial advertisement solutions are also listed in this business plan. In conclusion, the thesis shows the potential needs and benefit of this handicap tourism support vacation rental cottages' planning. The handicap label and environmental friendly design will also allow more possibilities of funding.
Agricultural revolution in Africa : impediments to change and implications for farming, for education and for society
Modern studies in property law. Volume 6
Towards sustainable and intensive forest management in Northwest Russia
Land tenure in the highlands of Eritrea : economic theory and empirical evidence
Buying a property in Spain : an insider guide to finding a home i the sun
Essays on land lease markets, productivity, biodiversity, and environmental variability
Is the limited company a better option than direct ownership when leasing residences and premises?
The Role of Networking in Weekly Program Production : Case RTG Active
Business plan for Sci le Puy du coq : Case: Puy du coq vacation rental cottages planning
Smallholdings under pressure : a review of the Cambridgeshire County farms estate
Landlords, peasants, and intellectuals in modern Korea
Lola and the rent-a-cat
Elements of land law
Certain girls
This volume aims to define the changing nature of lordship in Viking and early medieval Scandinavia. Advances in settlement archaeology and cultural geography have revealed new aspects of social power in Viking Age and early medieval Scandinavia. New sources and approaches allow us to question the traditional view that Scandinavian aristocrats developed from Viking raiders into Christian landlords. Seventeen thematic chapters by leading scholars survey and assess the state of research and provide a new baseline for interdisciplinary discussions. How were social ties structured? How did lordship and dependency materialize in modes of agriculture, settlement, landscape, and monuments? The book traces the power of tributary relations, forged through personal ties, gifts, duties, and feasting in great halls, and their gradual transformation into the feudal bonds of levies and land-rent.
The aim of this thesis was to assess and measure the level of customer satisfaction of Respecta's Assistive Devices (AD) rental service. Respecta is the market leader in the supply of assistive devices in Finland. The main target group for Respecta's rent assistive devices are the disabled and the elderly. The theoretical framework of the thesis focuses on customer satisfaction, service quality, customer loyalty and service marketing. The thesis presents customer satisfaction approaches and uses the gaps model of service quality as a key theory for the research. The contextual framework deals with assistive devices process and legislation. The empirical research was conducted using both quantitative and qualitative methods. The core study was carried out via a quantitative questionnaire which was sent to Respecta's customers. The questionnaire contained six questions regarding the level of satisfaction and three open-ended requests for comments. The total size of the sample was 172 and the response rate was 29%. The questionnaire was implemented by ZEF® online tool. The qualitative part of the study concerned benchmarking foreign assistive devices practices and suggesting importing possibilities to the Finnish market. Planning the research was done during spring and autumn 2010, and empirical research was implemented in spring 2011. The results of the questionnaire indicate that the current overall level of satisfaction among Respecta customers, while high, is not yet excellent. This highlights the importance of providing excellent service to customers, reenforced through clinics, especially to the service personnel in daily contact with the customers.
Manual of travel agency practice
THE ROLE OF AVIS IN TOURISM DEVELOPMENT IN NIGERIA
Land leasing, land degradation and agricultural productivity in Finland
Time-limited interests in land
Agricultural contracting in the United Kingdom
The complete guide to property development for the small investor
Attracting, selecting and operating with realtors : case: YIT in Kazan, Russia
Defying the law of the land : agrarian radicals in Irish history
Selling the church : the English parish in law, commerce, and religion, 1350-1550
The lease versus buy decision
Access to Finnish law
Revenue management : a practical pricing perspective
A labor leasing company's possibilities to succeed in leasing blue collars in the Oulu region : case : Eilakaisla
Settlement and lordship in Viking and early medieval Scandinavia
Comparision of financial methods : corporate vehicle financing
Transforming private landlords : housing, markets & public policy
Modern studies in property law. Volume 1, Property 2000
The development of leasehold in northwestern Europe, c. 1200-1600
Customer experience in a landlord-tenant relationship
Finance and tenancy : the partitioned farm-firm and portfolio behavior
Hire services by farmers for farmers
Property management for dummies
