http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10201 elegies
elegies
Varying virtue : mythological paragons of wifely virtues in Roman elegy
The elegiac passion : jealousy in Roman love elegy
The elegies of Propertius
Elegy for an age : the presence of the past in Victorian literature
The Roman elegists' attitude to women
Latin erotic elegy : an anthology and reader
A companion to Roman love elegy
The Latin love elegy
Latin elegy and hellenistic epigram : a tale of two genres at Rome
The prose elegy : an exploration of modern American and British fiction
By mourning tongues : studies in English elegy
The funeral elegy and the rise of English romanticism
On form : poetry, aestheticism, and the legacy of a word
Brass music : Elegy for Mippy II : for trombone alone
Dying modern : a meditation on elegy
Latin elegy and narratology : fragments of story
Three Old English elegies : The wifeʹs lament : The husbandeʹs message : The ruin
Beyond consolation : death, sexuality, and the changing shapes of elegy
Traditional elegy : the interplay of meter, tradition, and context in early Greek poetry
"What would you give never to have left?" : elegisyys William Kennedyn romaanissa Ironweed
The Old English elegies : a critical edition and genre study
The Cambridge companion to Latin love elegy
A concordance to the elegies of Propertius
Iambus and elegy : new approaches
Images of eternal beauty in funerary verse inscriptions of the Hellenistic and Greco-Roman periods
The amatory elegies of Johannes Secundus
Reading Rilke : reflections on the problems of translation
Roman Propertius and the reinvention of Elegy
Elegie = Elegy : op. 44 : für Viola und Klavier = For viola and piano
Gendering time in Augustan love elegy
The trajectory of archaic Greek trimeters
Greek elegy and iambus : studies in ancient literary sources
Suomalaista toiveohjelmistoa pianolle : Finnish favourites for piano
The first collected edition of the nine elegies in English (the Wanderer, the Seafarer, the Riming poem, Deor, Wulf and Eadwacer, the Wife's Lament, Resignation, the Husband's message and the Ruin) and the first critical edition to include complete facsimiles of the manuscript originals in the Exeter Book. (Publisher).
Elegiac eyes : vision in Roman love elegy
In Dying Modern, one of our foremost literary critics inspires new ways to read, write, and talk about poetry. Diana Fuss does so by identifying three distinct but largely unrecognized voices within the well-studied genre of the elegy: the dying voice, the reviving voice, and the surviving voice. Through her deft readings of modern poetry, Fuss unveils the dramatic within the elegiac: the dying diva who relishes a great deathbed scene, the speaking corpse who fancies a good haunting, and the departing lover who delights in a dramatic exit. Focusing primarily on American and British poetry written during the past two centuries, Fuss maintains that poetry can still offer genuine ethical compensation, even for the deep wounds and shocking banalities of modern death. As dying, loss, and grief become ever more thoroughly obscured from public view, the dead start chattering away in verse. Through bold, original interpretations of little-known works, as well as canonical poems by writers such as Emily Dickinson, Randall Jarrell, Elizabeth Bishop, Richard Wright, and Sylvia Plath, Fuss explores modern poetry's fascination with pre- and postmortem speech, pondering the literary desire to make death speak in the face of its cultural silencing."--Provided by publisher.
" In The Stairwell, his tenth collection, Michael Longley's themes and forms reach a new intensity. The second part of the book is a powerful sequence of elegies for his twin brother, Peter, and the dominant mood elsewhere is elegiac. The title poem begins: 'I have been thinking about the music for my funeral...' The two parts are also linked by Homer. Longley is well-known for his Homeric versions, and the Iliad is a presiding presence – both in poems about the Great War and in the range of imagery that gives his twin's death a mythic dimension. Yet funeral music can be life-affirming. Longley has built this collection on intricate doublings, not only when he explores the tensions of twinship. The psychologically suggestive word 'stairwell' is itself an ambiguous compound. These poems encompass birth as well as death, childhood and age, nature and art, the animal and human worlds, tenderness and violence, battlefield and 'homeland'. The Stairwell is a richly textured, immensely moving work. Michael Longley has the rare ability to fuse emotional depth with complicated artistry: to make them, somehow, the same thing. " -- (Jonathan Cape)
Propertius' fourth book is his most challenging and innovative. It disrupts genre; dislocates time and order; and meditates on gender, perception and history. A sort of postmodernism combines with narrative and structural verve, incisively physical writing and a gallery of colourful characters. This edition makes a demanding and rewarding text more accessible and more intelligible. The text is new; help and fresh ideas are offered on the text and meaning of words. A wide range of literary, inscriptional and archaeological material is used to illuminate this many-sided poetry. Much more space is given than in previous editions to literary interpretation and historical contextualization, in the light of modern work. The book is approached as a dynamic sequence of poems rather than a collection. The edition should be valuable to both students and scholars.
Approaches to poetry
The consolation of otherness : the male love elegy in Milton, Gray, and Tennyson
The stairwell
Creations and other works
Mourning and memorialization are at the very centre of literary culture. They take on forms deeply resonant of the sundry traditions of poetic elegy even when those elegiac conventions are displaced, concealed, or plainly unintentional. For all of its pervasiveness, however, the "elegy" remains remarkably ill-defined: sometimes used as a catch-all to denominate texts of a somber or pessimistic tone, sometimes as a marker for textual monumentalizing, and sometimes strictly as a sign of a lament for the dead. This Handbook is the single most comprehensive study of its subject. It provides both a historical survey and a thematic engagement with the relevant issues in elegy. It is responsive to a pressing need for clarification of the relevant issues, and to the exciting developments currently under way in elegy studies. Such a volume is especially timely, since in recent years there has been a veritable explosion in interest in elegies about AIDS, cancer, and war; various reconsiderations of the role of women in the history of elegiac writing; and readings of elegy in relation to ethics, philosophy and theory, and political structure. With 38 chapters by leading specialists, ranging from Gregory Nagy's reconsideration of Ancient Greek elegy through Stuart Curran's novel engagement with Romantic elegiac hybridity, and on to Elizabeth Helsinger's consideration of elegy and painting, this Handbook offers groundbreaking scholarship and remarkable historical breadth.
The ethics of mourning : grief and responsibility in elegiac literature
Catullus in Verona : a reading of the Elegiac libellus, poems 65-116
Subjecting verses : Latin love elegy and the emergence of the real
American elegy : the poetry of mourning from the Puritans to Whitman
Gendered dynamics in Latin love poetry
Elégie : edited by Alwin Schroeder
The modern elegiac temper
The Oxford handbook of the elegy
On religious aspects of Olof Hermelin's  Collection of elegies on Swedish towns, the Hecatompolis Suionum (composed ca. 1685), and in his other poems
