http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10279 fatalism
fatalism
Free will : a very short introduction
Dangerous women : the perils of muses and femmes fatales
After lives : a guide to heaven, hell, and purgatory
Lament, death, and destiny
Something deadly this way comes : a novel
Fate, providence and moral responsibility in ancient, medieval and early modern thought : studies in honour of Carlos Steel
A teaspoon of earth and sea
Essays on key moments in the intellectual history of the West. This book forms a major contribution to the discussion on fate, providence and moral responsibility in Antiquity, the Middle Ages and Early Modern times. Through 37 original papers, renowned scholars from many different countries, as well as a number of young and promising researchers, write the history of the philosophical problems of freedom and determinism since its origins in pre-socratic philosophy up to the seventeenth century. The main focus points are classic Antiquity (Plato and Aristotle), the Neoplatonic synthesis of lat.
Case histories
Fatalism in ancient India
Fatalism in Persian epics
The book Fate, Time, and Language: An Essay on Free Will, published in 2010 by Columbia University Press, presented David Foster Wallace's challenge to Richard Taylor's argument for fatalism. In this anthology, notable philosophers engage directly with that work and assess Wallace's reply to Taylor as well as other aspects of Wallace's thought.
Early to death, early to rise : a novel
Lost in the Black Forest, Otto meets three mysterious sisters and finds himself entwined in a prophecy, a promise, and a harmonica--and decades later three children, Friedrich in Germany, Mike in Pennsylvania, and Ivy in California find themselves caught up in the same thread of destiny in the darkest days of the twentieth century, struggling to keep their families intact, and tied together by the music of the same harmonica / WorldCat.
Fatalistic traits in Finnish proverbs
The idea of fate in Poggio Bracciolini
God, foreknowledge, and freedom
Fatalistic beliefs in religion, folklore, and literature : papers read at the Symposium on Fatalistic Beliefs, held at Åbo on the 7th-9th of September, 1964
Fate
Avenue of mysteries
Politics and fate
Joshua Jones' life is falling apart: he's lost his job, his wife has left him for another woman, and he's been kicked out of his flat. On the precipice of homelessness and defeat, he has a chance encounter with a beguiling stranger, Angela, triggering a series of surreal events that will blow his world wildly off course. Angela, an impulsive femme fatale, has also reached a low point. Seeking refuge from her troubles in the arms of a stranger, they share an intimate moment of tenderness in a cafe. But as she walks away from Josh, she steps quite deliberately into the path of an oncoming bus. As Angela lies in a coma, Josh - magnetically drawn to her and unable to shake the effects of their brief but powerful encounter - pretends that he is her boyfriend, inextricably binding their fates. But as his obsession grows, so does the danger of his situation. With his life continuing to unravel, he begins to question his own sanity until the shocking discovery of Angela's real identity finally reveals the chilling truth about himself. The Half Life of Joshua Jones is a striking blend of psychological drama and romantic fairy tale, full of dark humour, mystery and wonder that will grip you from first page to last.
One of the most profound, deeply affecting questions we face as human beings is the matter of our mortality--and its connection to immorality. Ancient animist ghost cultures, Egyptian mummification, late Jewish hopes of resurrection, Christian eternal salvation, Muslim belief in hell and paradise all spring from a remarkably consistent impulse to tether a triumph over death to our conduct in life. In After Lives, British scholar John Casey provides a rich historical and philosophical exploration of the world beyond, from the ancient Egyptians to St. Thomas Aquinas, from Martin Luther to modern Mormons. In a lively, wide-ranging discussion, he examines such topics as predestination, purgatory, Spiritualism, the Rapture, Armageddon and current Muslim apocalyptics, as well as the impact of such influences as the New Testament, St. Augustine, Dante, and the Second Vatican Council. Ideas of heaven and hell, Casey argues, illuminate how we understand the ultimate nature of sin, justice, punishment, and our moral sense itself. The concepts of eternal bliss and eternal punishment express--and test--our ideas of good and evil. For example, the ancient Egyptians saw the afterlife as flowing from ma'at, a sense of being in harmony with life, a concept that includes truth, order, justice, and the fundamental law of the universe. "It is an optimistic view of life," he writes. "It is an ethic that connects wisdom with moral goodness." Perhaps just as revealing, Casey finds, are modern secular interpretations of heaven and hell, as he probes the place of goodness, virtue, and happiness in the age of psychology and scientific investigation. With elegant writing, a magisterial grasp of a vast literary and religious history, and moments of humor and irony, After Lives sheds new light on the question of life, death, and morality in human culture.
A matter of fate : the concept of fate in the Arab world as reflected in modern Arabic literature
Cosmology and fate in gnosticism and Graeco-Roman antiquity : under pitiless skies
Luck : the brilliant randomness of everyday life
The philosophy of time : a collection of essays
The half life of Joshua Jones
Life at the bottom : the worldview that makes the underclass
Foretold : 14 stories of prophecy and prediction
A struggle between hope and fatalism : the subject positions of Nicaraguan peasant women in the context of development projects
Studies in Arabian fatalism
The wisdom of many : essays on the proverb
"Every day we seem to make and act upon all kinds of free choices - some of them trivial, and some so consequential that they may change the course of our life, or even the course of history. But are these choices really free? Or are we compelled to act the way we do by factors beyond our control? Is the feeling that we could have made different decisions just an illusion? And if our choices are not free, why should we be held morally responsible for our actions?" -- (Oxford University Press)
The problem of divine foreknowledge and future contingents from Aristotle to Suarez
Shadowheart
An essay on free will
Life contemplative, live practical : an essay on fatalism
Once dead, twice shy : a novel
A study of fatalism : an examination of Mexican-American and Central Italian modal personality in terms of a new method : the integration of social action theory with the interpersonal diagnosis of personality
Freedom and the self : essays on the philosophy of David Foster Wallace
