http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10254 foreigner policy
foreigner policy
Migration and refugee policy on the eastern border of the European Union
Antiforeignism and modernization in China 1860-1980
Multicultural policies and modes of citizenship in European cities
Minority rights in Europe : a review of the work and standards of the Council of Europe
Anti-immigrantism in western democracies : statecraft, desire, and the politics of exclusion
Excecutive summary.
Managing labour migration in Europe : ideas, knowledge and policy change
The rule of law in the external dimension of EU migration and asylum policy : organisational dynamics between legitimation and constraint
U.S. immigration policy from 1965 to present
Australia's immigration policy
Labour migration has become one of the hot topics in Europe, especially since 2000 with the shift from restriction to managed migration. This book provides an authoritative account of policy change over labour migration in Europe during this new era of governance.
The contested politics of mobility : borderzones and irregularity
Immigration and citizenship in Japan
The growth of anti-immigrant parties in Western Europe
This study deals with a constitutional principle of the EU: the rule of law. The EU Treaties leave no doubt that the rule of law is a 'universal value' on which the 'Union is founded'. This value is not bound to remain internal; EU external relations should also be guided by the principle. However, a lack of conceptual and legal clarity on the principle makes it uncertain how it guides external relations. The basic question this study poses is therefore what the role of the rule of law is in EU external relations. More specifically, this study analyses this role by focussing on the external dimension of EU migration and asylum policy. Over the years the EU has developed this external dimension of an originally internal policy field. Measures such as externalising border control, readmission of migrants to third states or mobility opportunities for third country nationals have been promoted. This relatively new area of EU external relations is characterised by a high degree of operational and human rights sensitive activities. For example, Frontex, the EU border agency, operates beyond Europe`s borders, sometimes on the basis of undisclosed working arrangements with third States.
Summary: Towards an active immigration policy.
Exodus : immigration and multiculturalism in the 21st century
Migration, globalisation, and human security
The discourses and politics of migration in Europe
Globalization, migration, and the future of Europe : insiders and outsiders
Diasporas in the contemporary world
Multinational enterprises in the Finnish innovation system
The Labour Party and foreign policy : a history
Summary: Ethnic and cultural diversity in the work of authorities.
Changing landscapes : managing migration and skills : Canada's newcomer integration programs
Beyond the swastika
Regulating marriage migration into the UK : a stranger in the home
Immigrants and national identity in Europe
Economic migration, social cohesion and development : towards an integrated approach
Disciplining the transnational mobility of people
The Haider phenomenon in Austria
Security and migration in Asia : the dynamics of securitisation
Immigrants in Finland : there is no such thing as a promised land : interview with Antti Seppälä, Ombudsman for Foreigners
Africa and fortress Europe : threats and opportunities
Migration, Family and the Welfare State explores understandings and practices of integration in the Scandinavian welfare societies of Denmark, Norway and Sweden through a comprehensive range of detailed ethnographic studies. Chapters examine discourses, policies and programs of integration in the three receiving societies, studying how these are experienced by migrant and refugee families as they seek to realize the hopes and ambitions for a better life that led them to leave their country of origin. The three Scandinavian countries have had parallel histories as welfare societies receiving increasing numbers of migrants and refugees after World War II, and yet they have reacted in dissimilar ways to the presence of foreigners, with Denmark developing tough immigration policies and nationalist integration requirements, Sweden asserting itself as a relatively open country with an official multicultural policy, and Norway taking a middle position. The book analyses the impact of these differences and similarities on immigrants, refugees and their descendants across three intersecting themes: integration as a welfare state project; integration as political discourse and practice; and integration as immigrants' and refugees' quest for improvement and belonging.
National security and immigration : policy development in the United States and Western Europe since 1945
South Korea advances toward a multicultural society
Lectures on international trade
European integration and immigration from third countries
Opportunities for labour hiring from non-EU and non-EEA countries : the project on the future challenges to the immigration policy
Reform of the Aliens' Act [pääkirjoitus]
They left dreaming : westward migration as explained, understood and experienced by Hungarian Roma
Education and immigration : settlement policies and current challenges
Kurdish diasporas : a comparative study of Kurdish refugee communities
Executive summary (s. 7-16).
"A core feature of contemporary migration politics lies in the claim to regulate and discipline the cross- border mobility of people "through", "in the interest of" and "with the help of" the very individuals that cross national borders. Popularized by notions such as "smart borders" or "migration management", these practices and technologies raise important questions regarding strategies of migration control, the exercise of power, and their effects on individuals, societies and states. This volume scrutinizes these new developments and shows that mobility and migration politics are based on a mix of traditional coercive interventions and less repressive and indirect practices. Both types of practices are shown to pertain to the common conceptual umbrella provided by the notion of discipline. The contributors discuss disciplining strategies that, while apparently different, share the common objective of making sense of, ordering and, ultimately, steering and "managing" human mobility." --Publisher's description.
Impossible subjects : illegal aliens and the making of modern America
Chinatown, Europe : an exploration of overseas Chinese identity in the 1990s
Gatekeepers of the family : regulating family migration to Finland
Experiencing immigrant entrepreneurs during the initial stage of small business establishment in Finland : towards needs focused strategies
Arguing about asylum : the complexity of refugee debates in Europe
Signal : kirjoituksia liikkumisen vapaudesta = writings on the freedom of movement. 1, Spring 2015
Special providence : American foreign policy and how it changed the world
The political challenges of immigration [pääkirjoitus]
Religion, culture and the politicization of honour-related violence : a critical analysis of media and policy debates in Western Europe and North America
The logics and politics of post-WWII migration to Western Europe
On immigration and refugees
International migration and security : opportunities and challenges
Discourse and discrimination : rhetorics of racism and antisemitism
Racism at the top : parliamentary discourses on ethnic issues in six European states
Race, ethnicity and difference : imagining the inclusive society
When the world turned upside-down : cultural representations of post-1989 Eastern Europe
Migration, family and the welfare state : integrating migrants and refugees in Scandinavia
Ingrian return migration and the Finnish debate immigration policy
The wall around the West : state borders and immigration controls in North America and Europe
International practice and policy trends in international labour immigration
Open borders : the case against immigration controls
The challenge of diversity : integration and pluralism in societies of immigration
"Migration is one of the key issues in contemporary European politics and society, placing high on the political agenda in local, national and transnational political contexts, and widely debated in the media. All European states must grapple with the challenges posed when people move across borders. However, little is known about the relationship between the construction and elaboration of political discourse and its impact on institutions and actors associated with immigration, as well as the lives and everyday realities of frequently vulnerable migrant populations. This book engages with politics and political discourse that relate to and qualify immigration in Europe. It brings together empirical analysis of immigration both topically and contextually, and interprets such empirical evidence with the use of policy and discursive analyses as methodological tools"--
The ethics and  politics of asylum : liberal democracy and the response to refugees
Antiforeignism and modernization in China
