http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10225 workplace learning
workplace learning on-the-job learning
Between school and work : new perspectives on transfer and boundary-crossing
This book draws on research in Australia, Canada, UK, and US into the experiences of doctoral students, postdoctoral researchers and new academics. Each chapter develops research-informed implications for policy and practice to support developing academics, and concludes with commentaries by early career academics, developers and administrators.
Integration and Work-based Learning : The Case of Info Bank
Perspectives, prospects and progress in work-related learning
Educating novices at the workplace : transformation of conceptions and skills of students on a metal industry course
Developmental training evaluation in enhancing organisational learning : a case study of multinational telecommunications company
Learning while working : success stories on workplace learning n Europe
Improving the learning of part-time employees at Northport check-in
Modernising vocational education and training : fourth report on vocational training research in Europe : background report. Vol. 2
Mentoring new teachers
Making practical training a success : case: international practical training process at Lahti University of Applied Sciences
Improving students' skills through work-based learning
Talking shop ; authentic conversation and teacher learning
Adult active learning in tourism : Italian tourists' learning and tourist guide development in Finnish tourism
Action learning for managers
Work-based learning : the new frontier of management development
Practice, learning and change : practice-theory perspectives on professional learning
The trainer's balanced scorecard : a complete resource for linking learning to organizational strategy
New perspectives on transfer and boundary crossing
Towards good practices for practice-oriented assessment in European vocational education
The SAGE handbook of workplace learning
Distributed systems of generalizing as the basis of workplace learning
Experience and shared practice : design engineers' learning at work
Education, training and the economy : preparing young people for a changing labour market
Understanding work-based learning
WBL-TOI Manual : manual for planning of work-based learning - transfer of innovations
Growing as a teacher : goals and pathways of ongoing teacher learning
Learning at work and around the coffee mugs : induction and mentoring in the educational sense
Learning in and for work, and the joint construction of mediational artefacts : an activity theoretical view
PBL in context : bridging work and education
Educators as learners : creating a professional learning community in your school
Learning in the workplace : strategies for effective practice
Learning at work : potential and limits for professional development
Facilitating action learning : a practitioner's guide
Teaching and learning through reflective practice : a practical guide for positive action
Workplace learning : concepts, measurement and application
Evaluating training programs : a collection of articles from the Journal of the American Society for Training and Development
Designing local skills strategies
The teaching career
Boundary crossing and learning in creation of new work practice
University-industry links personnel and training in Japan : a review of survey results
Practical skills, education and development : Vocational education and training in Finland
Work-based learning around the Mare Balticum
We have evidence! : how vocational skills demonstrations have been implemented in practice : summary
Summary  : skills and age
Communities of practice : fostering peer-to-peer learning and informal knowledge sharing in the work place
Identification, assessment and recognition of non-formal learning in Greece
Learning with a portfolio in clinical workplaces : practices, pitfalls and perspectives
Teaching faculty how to use technology : best practices from leading institutions
Effective staff training in social care : from theory to practice
This article examines the sociocultural learning of popular and jazz music in communities of practice as part of secondary vocational music education in a Finnish conservatory. The research is based on performance workshops which were implemented as a joint effort between professional musicians and music students. These workshops are suggested as a method of utilising communities of practice. Research outcomes show that the workshops include opportunities for learning and developing musicianship on many levels. The potential of sociocultural learning should be recognised in music schools and teachers should develop learning environments which utilise it. Learning from playing experiences and from the evaluation of learning outcomes are largely the students' responsibility who require autonomy, initiative, the ability to solve problems and collaborate, and a readiness to reflect on experiences.
Toward connectivity : internships of Finnish universities of applied sciences
Designing the just learning society : a critical inquiry
Working out change : systemic innovation in vocational education and training
Practice makes perfect : a NIACE briefing on learning at work
The ability of a business to engage in real organisational learning and to do so faster and in a more sustainable way than its competitors is being increasingly seen as an essential component of success. In Making Sense of Organisational Learning, Cyril Kirwan examines the wide range of factors necessary to create and sustain organisational learning and knowledge at all levels. At the individual level, the generation of continuous learning opportunities and reflection on experiences are critically important. At the team level, it's about encouraging collaboration, team learning and the sharing of knowledge. At the organisational level, the emphasis is on building systems to capture and share knowledge and providing strategic leadership for learning. The book shows you how you can best exploit the knowledge that already exists within your organisation while at the same time develop the capability of the people that work there. It deals in turn with individual learning; learning with others; learning in organisations; and in particular the role of the HR function and of line managers. Each chapter provides theoretical background and real-world examples. Diagnostic questionnaires, checklists and other tools are also included.Making Sense of Organisational Learning provides an evidence-based argument for the adoption of effective organisational learning policies and practices, and offers a real opportunity to improve performance. Thinking practitioners working in and around learning and development or organisation development will find it invaluable, as will those undertaking post-graduate study in HR and related disciplines.
Adult education and the labour market VII : papers from the 7th Seminar of the ESREA Research Network Roskilde, May 2002.. Vol. A
A model for work-based learning
Social learning handbook 2014 : the next generation of learning practices in the age of knowledge sharing and collaboration
Keeping good teachers
Abstract: Easier acquisition of work-based learning places.
Becoming a worker
Reading Work explores changing understandings of literacy and its place in contemporary workplace settings. It points to new questions and dilemmas to consider in planning and teaching workplace education. By taking a social perspective on literacies in the workplace, this book challenges traditional thinking about workplace literacy as functional skills, and enables readers to see the complexity of literacy practices and their embeddedness in culture, knowledge and action. A mixture of ethnographic studies, analysis, and personal reflections makes these ideas accessible and relevant to a wide range of readers in the fields of adult literacy and language education and helps to bridge the divide between theory and practice in the field of workplace education. Reading Work: Literacies in the New Workplace features: four distinct but related ethnographies of literacy use in contemporary workplaces; a social practice view of literacy brought to the workplace; collaborative research undertaken by experienced workplace educators and academics working in the areas of adult literacy and second language learning; implications chapters for both practice and theory--presented not as a series of steps but rather as reflections by seasoned educators on shared dilemmas; and engaging, accessible writing that encourages workplace practitioners to read, learn from, and do their own research.
Complete Training Evaluation : the comprehensive guide to measuring return on investment
Lifelong learning : new vision, new implications, new roles for people, organizations, nations and communities in the 21st century
Identification, assessment and recognition of non-formal learning in Spain
Guides for stress coping during clinical training for international degree nursing students
Work placement periods in university studies : recommendations on the planning, implementation and reporting of internships and other work placement periods – for students, universities and employers
Specifying conditions for on-the-job-learning in vocational education
Summary and main recommendations (s. 11-22).
30 reflective staff development exercises for educators
Competence-based education refers to the integration of knowledge,  skills, attitudes and interactivity as the intended outcomes of learning. It  makes use of lifelong learning and lifelike tasks in realistic settings and  requires the cooperation of teachers. This research was prompted by the  desire to explain why collegial cooperation often seems to be problematic  in schools and universities. Are there certain social structures or  behavioural patterns that influence the cooperative culture in teacher  communities? The research material was collected in 2013 and 2014 in  Oulu, Finland. The target groups were both newly qualified and experienced  vocational teachers at all educational levels (N=30). The data collection  methods were open questions in interviews and questionnaires.  The research approach and analysis methods were qualitative. The theoretical  background is in humanistic-cognitive and experiential learning  as well as in dynamic epistemic conceptions. The findings show that the  prevailing model in teacher communities is individualistic, disciplinedivided  and course-based, especially among older teachers. The obstacles  refer to teachers' self-image and a deeply rooted fear of criticism  or revelation of incompetence. The promoters of cooperation were connected  to the changing practices and desire of sharing with colleagues.
Practical knowledge in teacher education : approaches to teacher internship programmes
Orientation program : case Stockmann Plc. International Operations Buying Department
Social justice, transformation and knowledge : policy, workplace learning and skills
Adult education and training in the Nordic countries
International handbook of educational policy
Contextual knowledge and learning process at work
ASTD handbook for workplace learning professionals
Strategies for qualified work placements of Häme Polytechnic's International Business students
Learning and knowledge building practices for teachers' professional development in an extended professional community
Training for a rapidly changing workplace : applications of psychological research
Intern nation : how to earn nothing and learn little in the brave new economy
Il modello della formazione during the job : un approccio strutturato per la formazione e l'apprendimento durante il lavoro = During the job training method : a structured approach to training and learning during work
Adult education and the labour market VII : papers from the research project "Work life, learning environments and democratisation" presented at the 7th Seminar of the ESREA Research Network Roskilde, May 2002.. Vol. B
Learning at work : how to support individual and organizational learning
Supporting experience sharing as participatory workplace practice
Learning, work and social responsibility : challenges for lifelong learning in a global age
Milestones of vocational and occupational education and training = Meilensteine der beruflichen Bildung. 1, The Teaching-learning perspective = Die Lehr-Lern-Perspektive
Apprenticeship : towards a new paradigm of learning
The reflective early years practitioner
Studying early years : a guide to work-based learning
Executive summary.
Education and the world of work : positive partnerships
Making sense of organizational learning : putting theory into practice
"First year teacher" eight years later : an inquiry into teacher development
Redesigning teacher education : Alan R. Tom
Action learning in schools : refraiming teachers' professional learning and development
Becoming an academic : international perspectives
Abstract.
Transforming schools : creating a culture of continuous improvement
Developing entrepreneurship in small enterprises : the succession process supported by apprenticeship training as a context for learning
A First International Conference on Researching Work and Learning, University of Leeds, UK, 10-12 September 1999. Conference proceedings
This book advances understandings about and practices for effectively integrating practice-based (e.g. workplace) experiences in higher education programs. This issue is becoming of increasing salient because higher education programs globally are increasingly focussing on preparing students for specific occupations. Such imperatives are reflected in the cooperative education movement in North America, the foundation degree programs of the United Kingdom, the work integrated learning approach within Australian higher education and initiatives in a range of other countries. There are clear and growing expectations that graduates from such should be able to move smoothly into being effective in their occupational practice. These expectations rise from the imperatives and interest of government, employers, community and students themselves. The book achieves a number of important goals. Firstly, it identifies and delineates the educational worth of students and engagement in practice-based experiences and their integration within their programs of study. Secondly, it advances conceptions of the integration of such experiences that is essential to inform how these programs might be enacted. Thirdly, drawing on the findings of two teaching fellowships, it proposed bases and propositions for how experiences in higher education programs might be organised and augmented to support effective learning. Fourthly pedagogic practices seen to be effective in maximising the learning from those practice experiences and integrating them within the curriculum are identified and discussed. Fifthly, a particular focus is given to students personal epistemologies and how these might be developed and directed towards supporting effective learning within practice settings and the integration of that learning in their university programs.
Self-determined learning : heutagogy in action
Emerging perspectives of workplace learning
Early professional development for teachers
Connecting work and learning in industrial design and development
School based inservice education : case studies and guidelines for implementation : an European Commission funded project
Guiding Music Students During Workshop-based On-the-job Learning
Nursing leadership, management, and professional practice for the LPN/LVN
Informal intercultural learning in the workplace
This article explains the realisation and impact of tutoring on learning through a new kind of on-the-job learning method in workshops led by professional musicians. The research is a qualitative case study involving 62 upper secondary Finnish vocational music students who participated in 11 workshops. The research data consist of (a) workshop plans and personal learning goals written by the students before the workshops and (b) reflective essays about experiences after the workshops. The data were analysed using theory-oriented content analyses. In the workshop, the guidance-oriented interaction promoting learning starts at the beginning of the workshop with cooperative planning. The interaction between the students and the professional musician influenced the nature of the guidance – the professional musician was more like a colleague rather than a teacher. The students expressed that they had been able to influence the workshop goals in different phases and, thus, their professional competence had increased significantly. In vocational institutes, it is important to observe different ways of realising on-the-job learning and to develop new models of action, like the workshop method, to promote the development of students' skills and competence.
Summary.
Vocational teachers' professional agency in the stream of change
Reading work : literacies in the new workplace
Connectivity and transformation in work-related learning : theoretical foundations
Successful induction for new teachers : a guide for NQTs and induction tutors, coordinators and mentors
Integrating practice-based experiences into higher education
Schooling in the workplace : how six of the world's best vocational education systems prepare young people for jobs and life
Deconstructing service-learning : research exploring context, participation, and impacts
Characteristics of workplace learning among Finnish vocational students
Learning while working : success stories on workplace learning in Europe
Pedagogy and practice : culture and identities
Service-learning through a multidisciplinary lens
Reconceptualising professional learning : sociomaterial knowledges, practices, and responsibilities
Breakthroughs in practice : theorising critical moments in social work
A practical guide to learning in the workplace
Working knowledge : work-based learning and education reform
Facilitating work-based learnig : a handbook for tutors
From education to work : report from Friskie EU -project
Students' experiences of workplace learning in Finnish VET
Sociocultural perspectives on learning through work
The necessity of informal learning
Learning in organizations : complexities and diversities
Supporting learners with dyslexia in workplace learning
Work-based learning and lifelong guidance policies
Bridge over troubled water : new perspectives on teacher induction
A Down-to-Earth Approach to Being a Nurse Educator
Educating the global workforce : knowledge, knowledge work and knowledge workers
Jobs for youth : United Kingdom = Des emplois pour les jeunes
Key figures on apprenticeship training in Finland
Surviving your social work placement
Communities of Practice in the Conservatory : Learning with a Professional Musician
Workforce readiness : competencies and assessment
Managerial practices for enhancing workplace learning and developing core competences : case ABB Oy, Medium Voltage Products
Participatory common learning in groups of dairy farmers in Uganda (FFS approach) and Danish stable schools
Learning in the workplace : a toolkit for facilitating learning and assessment in health and social care settings
Field-Specific Educational Practices as a Source for Students' Vocational Identity Formation
Learning a teacher's work
Transforming teacher education through service-learning
Career development of graduates : the case of Turku university of applied sciences
Associations between age and cognitive foundation skills in the Nordic countries : a closer look at the data
Towards Competence-based Practices in Vocational  Education : What Will the Process Require from  Teacher Education and Teacher Identities?
The ABC of anaesthesia nursing for perioperative nursing students : a tool to support learning during practical training
Work-placement assessment as a lived-through educationally meaningful experience of the student : an application of the phenomenological descriptive approach
Learning, communities and performance : evidence from the 2007 Communities of Practice Survey
Learning about patient safety in pre-registration nursing education : comparing Finnish and British nursing students' evaluations
Learning and knowing at work : professional growth as a tutor
Becoming a student of teaching : linking knowledge production and practice
Behind closed doors : teachers and the role of the teachers' lounge
Capable workplace learning
