http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1028 educational institutions
educational institutions
Boys over flowers. 9 = Hana yori dango. 9
Charles Rennie Mackintosh and Glasgow School of Art
The guide to hospitality and tourism education 1989-1990  : a listing of CHRIE member colleges and universities
Could Tsukushi Makino really fall under Tsukasa Domyoji's spell? Desire and jealously walk hand in hand as the crazed Tsukasa seeks revenge on behalf of Tsukushi. / WorldCat.
Creating a musical school
The handbook for school safety and security : best practices and procedures
"We are the European partners"
Handbook of engaged scholarship : contemporary landscapes, future directions. Volume one, Institutional change
Designs for learning
Supervision that improves teaching : strategies and techniques
Harry Potter and the prisoner of Azkaban
Exploring educational administration : coherentist applications and critical debates
Harry Potter and the goblet of fire
Boys over flowers. 6 = Hana yori dango. 6
In order to avoid expulsion, Rui and Tsukushi must defeat the F4 in a basketball game. Then, Tsubaki forces Tsukushi and Rui to spend the night together alone, and Tsukushi finds out that Rui is unable to get over Shizuka. / WorldCat.
Boys over flowers. 4 = Hana yori dango. 4
City of a thousand dolls
Not a lazy holiday : winter vacationers' satisfaction with Pajulahti Sports Institute
Planning a demonstration unit for the Water Recources Institute in Tanzania
Martha Hill and the making of American dance
World directory of human rights teaching and research institutions 1988 = Répertoire mondial des institutions de recherche et de formation sur les droits de l'homme 1988
Moxyland
Development and effect analysis of the Asteri consultative auditing process : safety and security management in educational institutions
Chinese target market research for virtual reality technology  in education field
Uutta toteutusta koulutukseen = new ways of implementation in education
Music education & law : regulation as an instrument
Appraisals of education-related goals during educational transitions in late adolescence : consequences for academic well-being and goal attainment
Laadunhallintajärjestelmät : suuntaviivoja standardin ISO 9001:2000 solveltamiselle koulutuksessa = Quality management systems : guidelines for the application of ISO 9001:2000 in education
We are family
Torment
Policy-practice gap in participation of students with disabilities in Ethiopia's formal vocational education programme
Summary.
Boys over flowers. 3 = Hana yori dango. 3
Perspectives on school effectiveness and school improvement
Adult education of educational institutions
Tsukushi Makino is accepted into the prestigious, Eitoku Academy, but her life changes when the F4 decides she should be bullied. / WorldCat.
Staying safe at school
Behavioral Threat Management: Prevention of Severe Targeted Violence in Educational Institutions
Boys over flowers. 7 = Hana yori dango. 7
Preventive maintenance for higher education facilities : a planning and budgeting tool for facilities professionals
Domyoji Tsukasa is as jealous as ever with the arrival of Thomas while lurid and embarassing photos emerge of Tsukushi and Thomas emerge. / WorldCat.
St. Petersburg Forest Technical Academy : an outline of education, research and international activities : project report 1
The EFQM Excellence Model for educational institutions : self-assessment work book : 34 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples
Education in South Sudan : status and challenges for a new system
Carry on
Educational finances
A project as part of studies : case Artemis Orchestra
Surveillance schools : security, discipline and control in contemporary education
Sankt-Peterburgskaâ Gosudarstvennaâ hudožestvenno-promyšlennaâ Akademiâ k 125 letiû osnovaniâ : monumental'no-dekorativnoe iskusstvo i dizajn = Saint Petersburg State Academy of Art & Design 125th anniversary : monumental and decorative art & design
The inquisition
How to write a winning personal statement for graduate and professional school
Hothouse
Distributed leadership in Finnish and Shanghai schools
Technion nation : Technion's contribution to Israel and the world
You will fall in love. Vol. 1
Space, hope and brutalism : English architecture, 1945-1975
The utilisation of information and communications technology in vocational education institutions
Pulse : a siren book
Social media marketing & Kymenlaakso University of Applied Sciences
The thesis was commissioned by HAMK University of Applied Sciences, Degree Programme of Information Technology, Forssa. The thesis  describes the experiences and findings of HAMK teams participating in the Artemis Contests in seasons 2007 in Berlin, 2008 in Athens and 2009 in Nice. Also some suggestions for the contest arranger, participants and supporting organizations as well as for national and international university level cooperation in relation to organizing contestant teams and similar projects are provided.  A survey was conducted to collect experiences of the teams and team mem-bers by issuing a questionnaire and by interviewing team members. Also the project execution was reflected against Project Based Learning, PBL, as reported by HAMK's INSKE study, a report of a study on developing Bachelor Degree education. The main results are related to managing technology contest projects. The question of how to run an international project aimed at participating in a technology contest, has several aspects to be taken into account such as technological research and international relations. Any organization with very little prior experience in project work needs a tight discipline in reporting and documenting of individual work. The thesis includes suggestions for future contests such as Artemis Orchestra Contest and further use of the equipment built on the contestant projects as part of partner universities' international marketing
Education guide MalaysiaEducation guide Malaysia : 4th edition 1997/98
Looking for Alaska
Chinese target market research for virtual reality technology in education field
Boys over flowers. 2 = Hana yori dango. 2
House of concepts : Design Academy Eindhoven
Christmas blues
Campus emergency preparedness : meeting ICS and NIMS compliance
External networked learning in anticipating change : the case of a Finnish vocational educational organization
The comprehensive handbook of school safety
Born into a middle class family and considered poor compared to her wealthy classmates, typical teenager Tsukushi Makino deals with life, love, and new classmates after she is accepted into the prestigious Eitoku academy. / WorldCat.
Leaders and leadership in education
Techno rules : technical English
The Jossey-Bass reader on educational leadership
A century of forest resources education at Penn State : serving our forests, waters, wildlife, and wood industries
Guide to architecture schools
Boys over flowers. 5 = Hana yori dango. 5
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince
Das Breslauer Seminar : Jüdisch-theologisches Seminar (Fraenckelser Stiftung) in Breslau 1854-1938 : Gedächtnischrift = The Breslau seminary : The Jewish theological seminary (Franckel Foundation) of Breslau 1854-1938 : memorial volume
The EFQM excellence model for educational institutions : self-assessment work book : 34 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
The Educational Institution Excellence Model : self-assessment work book : 34 good questions and contrasting pairs of examples
Acquaintance with Lithuania. 3, Education, science, new technology
Leadership in international business education and research
Entrance to education
Non vitae, sed scholae
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
Hotel and catering education in Britain
High performers : the secrets of successful schools
Yearbook 2006
Boys over flowers. 10 = Hana yori dango. 10
Good teachers, good schools : how to create a successful school
Bauen für Kinder = building for children
The Baldrige criteria for educational institutions : self-assessment work book : 32 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Harry Potter and the chamber of secrets
Tsukushi continues to fight back against the F4 and protect an old friend. / WorldCat.
Creative teaching in clinical nursing
Scripta historica. 2
Rethinking computer-based simulation : concepts and models
Project-based learning and polytechnic-SME collaboration in internationalization : the case of Helsinki Business Polytechnic
"Written by veteran law enforcement and family counseling professionals, the second edition of this guidebook shows students and parents how to stay safe at school. The book pinpoints personal safety issues of importance to all educators and explains how to analyze schools for security risks. It also includes proven methods for averting crime, improving school safety, and avoiding becoming a victim. Additional chapters explore teachers liability and rights and discuss the concept of emotional survival"-- Provided by publisher.
Boys over flowers. 1 = Hana yori dango. 1
Adult education in Finland
Assurer la sécurité du milieu éducatif = Providing a secure environment for learning
Considering Learners  Perceptions in Designing Effective 21st Century Learning Environments for Basic Education in Finland
Energy consumption of workstations and external devices in school of business and information technology
Enabling leadership promotes a positive working climate
Faith schools : consensus or conflict?
One boy's power to summon demons will change the fate of an empire.
Providers of education and educational institutions
Introduction to hospitality
The rehearsal
Leadership for 21st century learning
The IFLA/UNESCO school library guidelines
Planning a demonstration unit for the Water Resources Institute in Tanzania
Convention challenged : twelve years of Archeworks
Goetheanum, Dornach
Culinary schools : where the art of cooking becomes a career
Yearbook 2006 : Lahti Polytechnic Institute of Design
Abstract: Equality and Progress - The Finnish Education Project Under Russian Rule.
Social media for school leaders : a comprehensive guide to getting the most out of Facebook, Twitter, and other essential Web tools
Intensive English USA. 2009
Social media for school leaders : a comprehensive guide to getting the most out of Facebook, Twitter, and other essential web tools
Innovative business school teaching : engaging the millennial generation
Norwegian support to Bunda College of Agriculture - phase II : an evaluation
This is NOT a fire drill : crisis intervention and prevention on college campuses
Breaking down barriers : teaching to learn and learning to teach in a music conservatory's outreach program
Business schools have come under fire in recent years with criticisms centring on their academic rigour and the relevance of business education to the 'real' world of management. Alongside this ongoing debate, increasing international competition and media rankings have led to a fierce struggle between business schools for positioning and differentiation. These are among the challenges that are faced by the Dean of the modern-day business school. In this book, Fernando Fragueiro and Howard Thomas show how Deans of business schools can meet such challenges in terms of strategic direction setting and the execution of their leadership role. Drawing on their invaluable experience as Deans of highly successful business schools, they present a series of case studies to show how leaders of five leading business schools (IMD, LBS, INSEAD, IAE and Warwick) have built effective strategies in the context of internal and external political pressures.
Human spaces : life-enhancing designs for healing, working and living
Seeds and weeds : English for special purposes. 2
Strategic leadership in the business school : keeping one step ahead
Emerging European policy profiles of higher education institutions
Clinical supervision as an interaction between the clinical educator and the student
MBI : the story of Moody Bible Institute
Practical skills, education and development : Vocational education and training in Finland
McGraw Hill's GMAT
The novice
Improving virtual teamwork in an international project
Improving institutional communication
'I find that offensive!'
College & university food service manual
Harry Potter and the philosopher's stone
Project based learning handbook : a guide to standards-focused project based learning for middle and high school teachers
Teaching and learning in schools of nursing : principles and methods
Tsukushi and Rui kiss on the beach and are caught by Tsukasa. Now, Tsukasa will do anything in his power to punish them. He orders Tsukushi never speak to him again and kicks Rui out of the F4. Not even his sister, back from America, can change his mind. / WorldCat.
Gender lessons : girls and boys negotiating learning community in Basics of Music
Classical drawing at The Stieglitz State Academy of Art and Design = Traditsii shkoly risovanija, Hudozhestvenno-Academij imeni A.L. Shtiglitsa
Which MBA? ; a critical guide to the world's best programmes
Tsukuski's life becomes even more complicated when she accidently shares a kiss with Domyoji at a summer party and he brags to everyone in school that she is in love with him. / WorldCat.
Happy together
Tsukasa returns to Japan news of Kinsan's identity, but Tsukushi has trouble accepting the truth. When Kinsan invites Tsukushi to a party and declares his intentions toward her, Tsukasa makes a scene. Plus, Tsukasa comes up with a plan to help Tsukushi make money. / WorldCat.
The story of Dublin institute of technology
Boys over flowers. 8 = Hana yori dango. 8
Architecture of schools : the new learning environments
The relevance of machine shop engineering programs in technical colleges to industry in Zimbabwe
Morning glories. Volume 1 : For a better future
The raven boys
