http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10296 larvae
larvae
Abstract: The most important groups of herbivores on birch leaves are Homoptera, Symphyta larvae (Hym.), Lepidoptera larvae, and Coleoptera...
Revision and phylogeny of the limacodid-group families, with evolutionary studies on slug caterpillars (Lepidoptera: Zygaenoidea)
Summary: The production by Dineura larvae was studied in 12 sites in northernmost Finland and Norway. The highest densities (up to 77 ind./100 g dried Betula leaves) were observed at the two southernmost sites studied...
Caterpillars can't fly
Suomen eläimet = Animalia Fennica. 14, Suurperhostoukkien ravintokasvit = Die Nahrungspflanzen der Grossschmetterlingsraupen Finnlands = The food-plants of the larvae of the Macrolepidoptera of Finland
Abstract: The invertebrate consumer fauna of birch was studied in 1972 at ten points in N. Norway and Finland, at altitudes of 30-300 m a. s. l. and 0-110 km from the Atlantic Ocean. Numbers, biomasses and consumption were studied...
The Carabidae (Coleoptera) larvae of Fennoscandia and Denmark
Butyltin compounds in the food web : impacts on chironomids and Daubenton's bats
Description of immature stages of cleptoparasitic bees Epeoloides coecutiens and Leiopodus trochantericus (Hymenoptera: Apidae: Osirini, Protepeolini) with remarks to their unusual biology
Immature insects
Seasonal variations in the profundal Chironomidae (Diptera) assemblage of a subarctic lake
Mechanism of fluctuations in year class survival of vendace (Coregonus albula (L.)) larvae : an individual size based approach
Distribution, abundance and species richness of butterflies and myrmecophilous beetles
On the susceptibility on the different varieties of big-leafed turnip to damage caused by cabbage maggots (Hylemyia spp.)
Deterrent in Scots Pine, Pinus sylvestris, influencing feeding behaviour of the larvae of Neodiprion sertifer (Hymenoptera, Diprionidae)
A key to the larvae, pupae and adults of the British species of Elminthidae
Colour identification guide to British butterflies
Does birch defend itself actively against herbivores?
Weight development, consumption and egestion of Dineura virididorsata (Hym., Tenthredinidae) larvae
Cerambycoid larvae of Europe and Soviet union (Coleoptera, Cerambycoidea). Part 1
On the abundance relations of mesofaunal groups in the ground layer of three subarctic habitats
External morphology and larval development of Derocheilocaris remanei Delamare-Deboutteville & Chappuis, 1951 (Crustacea, Mystacocarida), with a comparison of crustacean segmentation and tagmosis patterns
Oviposition preference, habitat selection and parasitoids of Melitaea athalia (Lepidoptera: Nymphalidae)
Birch forest damage caused by Oporinia autumnata Bkh. (Lep. Geometridae) in 1965-1966 in eastern Itäkaira, northeastern Lapland
Larval life history, transmission strategies, and the evolution of intermediate host exploitation by complex life-cycle parasites
Summary: The nature of some reactions in birch, detrimental for herbivores, was studied in order to find out whether they are active defence reactions, or due to the disturbed metabolism in birch after mechanical damage made by herbivores...
Chironomidae of the Holarctic region : keys and diagnoses. [P. 1], Larvae
A field guide to caterpillars of butterflies and moths in Britain and Europe
Caddis larvae : Larvae of the British Trichoptera
Morphology of preimaginal stages of Cryptonevra flavitarsis (Diptera: Chloropidae) : an inquiline in galls formed by Lipra flies on common reed
Keys to the larvae of British Corixidae
Beetle larvae of the world : descriptions, illustrations, identifications and information retrieval for families and sub-families
Larvae of Trypocalliphora lindneri Peus (dipt., Calliphoridae) as subcutaneous pathogens on nestlings of the Meadow Pipit and Common Redpoll in the Subarctic
Responses of Bupalus piniarius to plant quality variation generated by larval feeding
Summary: Coccinella hieroglyphica, a species known to be aphidophagous, fed commonly on eggs and larvae of the chrysomelid beetle Galerucella in northern Finland during a mass occurrence of the latter...
Connection between temperature, larval production, virulence and geographical distribution of Rhipidocotyle parasites infecting the duck mussel, Anodonta anatina
Tortricidae (Lepidoptera) of the Palaearctic region. Volume 1, General Part and Tortricini
Crowding-induced plasticity in Epirrita autumnata (Lepidoptera: Geometridae) : weak evidence of specific modifications in reaction norms
Larval morphology of the Sepsidae (Diptera: Sciomyzoidea), with a cladistic analysis using adult and larval characters
Pohjoisen Euroopan yökkösten toukat = Larvae of Northern European Noctuidae. Vol. 1
The dragonflies of Great Britain and Ireland : with enlarged illustrations of all the British species in colour by the author and an illustrated key to the aquatic larval stages by the late A. E. Gardner
Biology and larval morphology of the genus Ceramida Baraud (Coleoptera: Melolonthidae: Pachydeminae)
The very hungry caterpillar's Christmas 123
Notes on herbivorous insects of the birch in southern Greenland
Breeding butterflies and moths : a practical handbook for British and European species
Diversity, dispersal, and interactions among diving beetles and mosquitoes in Swedish wetlands
White grubs and their allies : a study of North American Scarabaeoid larvae
Kyoshiro, a peaceful, traveling medicine peddler, shares the same body with Demon Eyes Kyo, the legendary killer of a thousand men. Kyo's personality only emerges when Kyoshiro's life is threatened, which has been quite often lately. Kyoshiro is also the captive of Yuya, a beautiful bounty hunter looking to collect on Kyo's reward, but with another secret mission of her own. Two strangers united by fate - each offers the other the best chance of unraveling their past / WorldCat.
Retarded growth of a geometrid larva after mechanical damage to leaves of its host tree
The aquatic (naiad) stage of the British dragonflies (Paraneuroptera)
Summary: The herbivore fauna of the mountain birch in southwestern and northern Iceland was studied by sweep netting in 1979. The predominant groups were lepidopteran larvae and aphids...
Abstract: Two cases of parasitism on nestling birds by larvae of Trypocalliphora lindneri Peus are reported. The heaviest infestation occurred in the wings but other parts of the body were also infested...
Larvae of the North American Tortricinae (Lepidoptera: Tortricidae)
Evaluation of a separative rearing method of the mealworm beetle for protein production
Mayfly larvae (Ephemeroptera) of Britain and Ireland : keys and a review of their ecology
The fauna of India and the adjacent countries : Larval trematodes of India. Pt. 2, Parapleurolophocerca and echinostome cercariae
Caterpillars : ecological and evolutionary constraints on foraging
Trypocalliphora lindneri Peus (Dipt., Calliphoridae) as a subcutaneous parasite of the Wheatear in northern Finland
Keys to the case-bearing caddis larvae of Britain and Ireland
A key to the caseless caddis larvae of the British isles : with notes on their ecology
Abstract: In 1965-1966, caterpillars of Oporinia autumnata Bkh. (Lep., Geometridae) defoliated birch (Betula pubescens ssp. tortuosa) forests in eastern Itäkaira, NE Lapland. Damage occurred on fells, riversides, and both fresh and dry heaths...
Last-instar larvae and pupae of the Simuliidae of Britain and Ireland : a key with brief ecological notes
Mad about minibeasts!
Variation in developmental mode and its effects on divergence and maintenance of populations
Description of the first instar larva of Euzonitis rubida with remarks on the systematics of the subfamily Nemognathinae (Coleoptera: Meloidae)
Birch leaves as a resource for herbivores. 2 : diurnal variation in the usability of leaves for Oporinia autumnata and Dineura virididorsata
Nordens Eupithecier : en udførlig behandling af de i Fennoscandia og Danmark forekommende Eupitheciae Curt. : Eupithecia, Gymnoscelis, Chloroclystis (Lepidopt. Geometridae)
Contrasting response of mountain birch to damage by Eriocrania leafminers in polluted and unpolluted habitats
Heritage eaters : insects & fungi in heritage collections
Lotic life stages of the European river lamprey (Lampetra fluviatilis) : anthropogenic detriment and rehabilitation
Summary: The composition of herbivorous insect fauna on Betula pubescens s. lat. and B. glandulosa was studied by netting at Narssaq in the subarctic area of Greenland...
The larvae of the British butterflies and moths. Vol. 6, The third and concluding portion of the noctuae
Scandinavian bark beetle larvae. Descriptions and classifications / by Bertil Lekander
Shifts in foraging tactics of larval damselflies: effects of prey density
Food plant preference and larval growth of larval colour forms of Entephria caesiata (Schiff.) (Lep., Geometridae)
Abstract: In 1965-1966 the caterpillars of the geometrid Oporinia autumnata defoliated vast areas of birch forests in Finnish Lapland. The damage areas in Utsjoki, the northernmost district of Finland, were studied more thoroughly. About 1350 km² were defoliated and large areas of this will be changed into treeless "tundra"...
The treatment of seeds of swede, turnip, and turnip rape in the control of flea beetles (Phyllotreta spp.) and cabbage root flies (Hylemyia brassicae bouché and H. floralis fall.)
Caterpillar dreams
The larvae of the British butterflies and moths. Vol. 4, The first portion of the noctuae
The very hungry caterpillar
Summary: The density of Galerucella "nymphaeae (L.)" feeding on cloudberry at Rovaniemi, southern Lapland declined during the study period...
Abundance of warble fly (Oedemagena tarandi) larvae in semi-domestic reindeer (Rangifer tarandus) in Finland
A key to the larvae of the British Orthocladiinae (Chironomidae)
Caddis larvae : larvae of the British Trichoptera
Trichoptera larvae of Finland : identification key to the caddis larvae of Finland and nearby countries
Illustrated key to caterpillars on corn
The woodworm problem
Abstract: Birch leaf consumption in the mining larvae of Eriocrania spp. (sangii, semipurpurella and sparmanella) was estimated in Finnish Lapland in 1973. In that year most of the larvae died at an early stage...
Effects of secondary chemical compuonds of the host plants Plantago lanceolata and Veronica spicata on the growth and survival of the Glanville fritillary (Melitaea cinxia) larvae
Herbivorous invertebrates of the mountain birch at Kevo, Finnish Lapland
Summary: The percent of infestation and number of warble fly larvae per animal for semidomestic reindeer were studied in six herding co-operatives in northern Finland. The larvae were counted on freshly slaughtered animals between November 22. and February 22...
The origin and evolution of larval forms
Growth and energy requirements of the larvae of Dineura virididorsata (Retz.) (Hym., Tenthredinidae) and Oporinia autumnata (Bkh.) (Lep., Geometridae) feeding on birch
Boreal populations facing climatic and habitat changes
Abstract: Birch leaves collected in the morning supported growth of Oporinia autumnata (Lep., Geometridae), whose larval period is in early summer, better than leaves collected in the evening...
Abstract: The abundance of gastropods, centipedes, harvestmen, spiders, and insects in the ground layer of pine forest, birch forest, and subalpine heath was investigated by pitfall trapping and sifting at Kevo (69° 45̕ N., 27° E.), Finnish Lapland, in the summer of 1969.
The larval case and food plant of Coleophora thulea (Lepidoptera, Coleophoridae)
Local differences in birch leaf consumption by invertebrates in northern Norway and Finland
Fish physiology. 11, The physiology of developing fish : part A : eggs and larvae
Abstract: Results of raising larvae of Dineura virididorsata in cultures are reported. Weight development of the larvae was about the same in cultures as in the wild...
Morphology of caterpillars and pupae of European Maculinea species (Lepidoptera: Lycaenidae) with an identification table
Pest attack & pest control in organic materials : postprints of the UKIC Furniture section conference Museum of London 18 November 1996.
Birch forest damage caused by Oporinia autumnata (Bkh.) in 1965-66 in Utsjoki, N Finland
Larval fish nutrition
Abstract: 13 species of mining Lepidoptera and 3 of Hymenoptera were observed on the mountain birch in northernmost Finnish Lapland and Norwegian Finnmark in 1971-72...
Summary: Differences in the food plant preferences of larval colour forms of the moth Entephria caesiata were studied using feeding experiments...
Invertebrate predation and trophic cascades in a pelagic food web : the multiple roles of Chaoborus flavicans (Meigen) in a clay-turbid lake
Complex competitive interactions in four species of Lucilia blowflies
The larvae of the British butterflies and moths. Vol. 7, The first portion of the geometrae
Larvae of insects : an introduction to Nearctic species. Part 2, Coleoptera, Diptera, Neuroptera, Siphonaptera, Mecoptera, Trichoptera
Why don't worms have legs? : helping to explain nature
Applicability of laboratory measurements of consumption to field populations od Dineura virididorsata (Retz.) (Hymenoptera, Tenthredinidae) larvae
Bugs in Close Up
Predator - prey interaction between dragonfly larvae and frog and toad tadpoles: role of behaviour
The influence of disturbance on lepidopteran larvae and their seasonality on a constant resource : implications for conservation
The larvae of the British butterflies and moths. Vol. 5, The second portion of the noctuae
A note on facultative kleptoparasitism in Prionyx kirbii (Hymenoptera: Sphecidae) as a consequence of multi-specific shared nesting site, with description of its prepupa
Moustachapillar
Measuring consumption in Eriocrania (Eriocraniidae, Lep.) miners with reference to interaction between the leaf and the miner
The larva of Amara alpina Fbr. : Col. Carabidae
The fauna of India and the adjacent countries : Larval trematodes of India. Pt. 1, Amphistome cercarie
Age-specific resistance in trees: defoliation of tamaracks (Larix laricina) by larch bud moth (Zeiraphera improbana) (Lep., Tortricidae)
Notes on the larval biology of Xestia borealis (Lepidoptera: Noctuidae)
Larvae of insects : an introduction to Nearctic species. Part 1, Lepidoptera and plant infesting Hymenoptera
Pohjoisen Euroopan yökkösten toukat = Larvae of northern European Noctuidae. Vol. 2
The first report of gall induction in the sawfly subfamily Allantinae (Hymenoptera: Tenthredinidae)
Herbivorous insects of the birch in Iceland
Larva competition between two specialist parasitoids, Cotesia vestalis and Hyposoter horticola, inside the host larva
Abstract.
Morphology of preimaginal stages of Lipara pullitarsis Doskočil & Chvála, 1971 (Diptera: Chloropidae) - a gall-forming fly in the common reed (Phragmites australis)
The larvae of the British butterflies and moths. Vol. 3, The concluding portion of the bombyces
Larvae of owlet moths (Noctuidae) : biology, morphology, and classification
Keys to larval and juvenile stages of coarse fishes from fresh waters in the British Isles
Morphological comparison of the muscle larvae of Trichinella spiralis and Trichinella nativa
Population dynamics of the form of Galerucella nymphaeae-complex (Col., Chrysomelidae) living on cloudberry in northern Finland
Conifer defoliators of British Columbia
Larvae of the British Lepidoptera not figured by Buckler
Why do pine processionary caterpillars Thaumetopoea pityocampa (Lepidoptera, Thaumetopoeidae) live in large groups?  An experimental study
An illustrated synopsis of the principal larval forms of the order Coleoptera
Cannibalism and conflict in Formica ants
On the feeding biology of Coccinella hieroglyphica L.: (Col., Coccinellidae)
The very hungry caterpillar sound book
On the mining insects of the mountain birch in northernmost Finland
Summary: The defoliation process of tamaracks (Larix laricina) during an outbreak of the larch bud moth (Zeiraphera improbana) is described. The degree of defoliation correlated positively with the age, height and reproduction index of trees. The degree of defoliation did not correlate with the growth rate of tamaracks. On the basis of field observations alternative models to explain the age-specific resistance of trees to insect defoliators were developed and discussed.
Local and annual variation in secondary production by Dineura virididorsata (Hym., Tenthredinidae)
Behaviour of lycaenid butterfly larvae in their mutualistic interactions with ants
