http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10255 immigration policy
immigration policy
Economy, ethnicity and international migration : the comparison of Finland, Hungary and Russia
Immigration policy and the labor market : the German experience and lessons for Europe
The new Americans : a guide to immigration since 1965
Immigration policy in Europe : the politics of control
Changing landscapes : managing migration and skills : Canada's newcomer integration programs
This article deals with the Finnish-Russian border in light of the European external border control policy and its impact on immigration. The 1985 Schengen agreement removed internal European border controls and external border protection became a major concern of the European Union (EU) and heads of states. The European discourse towards immigration changed during the last decade and patterns show tighter external borders. This research follows the Copenhagen school of security and scrutinises the Finnish external border approach under the aspect of immigration. It analyses the socio-economic importance of the Finnish-Russian border in comparison to the European trend that decreases the penetrability of external borders. The study results show that the Finnish policy approach focuses on regional development in order to achieve economic balance in the border regions. This approach is supposed to increase security by economic rather than by traditional border control strategies..
"This book offers a radical reinterpretation of postwar Japan's policies towards immigrants and foreign residents. Drawing on a wealth of historical material, Tessa Morris-Suzuki shows how the Cold War played a decisive role in shaping Japan's migration controls. She explores the little-known world of the thousands of Korean 'boat people' who entered Japan in the immediate postwar period, focuses attention on the US military service people and their families and employees, and also takes readers behind the walls of Japan's notorious Ōmura migrant detention centre, and into the lives of Koreans who opted to leave Japan in search of a better future in communist North Korea. This book offers a fascinating contrast to traditional images of postwar Japan and sheds new light on the origins and the dilemmas of migration policy in twenty-first century Japan"--Provided by publisher.
Moving up and getting on : migration, integration and social cohesion in the UK
EU immigration and asylum law : (text and commentary). Vol. 3, EU asylum law
"The leading text in the field, this authoritative work offers a global perspective on the nature of migration flows, why they occur, and their consequences for both origin and destination societies. Chapters provide up-to-date descriptions and comparative analyses of major migration regions in the North and South. The role of population movements in the formation of ethnic minority groups is examined, as is the impact of growing ethnic diversity on economies, cultures, and political institutions. Useful pedagogical features include accessible boxed examples, tables, maps, and suggestions for further reading. The companion website features an online-only chapter, additional case studies, links to relevant resources, and periodic updates"--
Controlling immigration : a global perspective
Migration policy in Europe : a comparative study
Why Muslim integration fails in Christian-heritage societies
U.S. immigration policy from 1965 to present
Rights, deportation, and detention in the age of immigration control
"The Economics of Immigration summarizes the best social science studying the actual impact of immigration, which is found to be at odds with popular fears. Greater flows of immigration have the potential to substantially increase world income and reduce extreme poverty. Existing evidence indicates that immigration slightly enhances the wealth of natives born in destination countries while doing little to harm the job prospects or reduce the wages of most of the native-born population. Similarly, although a matter of debate, most credible scholarly estimates of the net fiscal impact of current migration find only small positive or negative impacts. Importantly, current generations of immigrants do not appear to be assimilating more slowly than prior waves. Although the range of debate on the consequences of immigration is much narrower in scholarly circles than in the general public, that does not mean that all social scientists agree on what a desirable immigration policy embodies. The second half of this book contains three chapters, each by a social scientist who is knowledgeable of the scholarship summarized in the first half of the book, which argue for very different policy immigration policies. One proposes to significantly cut current levels of immigration. Another suggests an auction market for immigration permits. The third proposes open borders. The final chapter surveys the policy opinions of other immigration experts and explores the factors that lead reasonable social scientists to disagree on matters of immigration policy"--
Controlling a new migration world
The Finnish service sector trade union Palvelualojen ammattiliitto or Service Union United has the largest amount of migrant members of all Finnish trade unions. It walks the narrow line between defending the perceived interests of its members from the 'threat' of labour immigration, and simultaneously trying to act as an immigrantfriendly force. This qualitative case study analyses the outcomes of the union's strategies in questions related to immigration. The outcomes affect different immigrant groups in a different manner. Furthermore, the established quasi-state character of the Finnish trade union movement affects both the strengths and weaknesses of its strategies. The politicized anti-immigration views in the Finnish society indirectly to some degree impact trade union strategies. Results suggest that the lay distinction between 'us' and 'them' based on nationality still shapes trade union strategy in a way that can be labeled selective solidarity.
European Pact on Immigration and Asylum and the Stockholm programme: lines of consideration in recent EU immigration policies with a view to policy coherence for development
Sameness and diversity : the Nordic welfare state model and the integration of immigrants on the labour market
The global competition for talent : mobility of the highly skilled
My father's wars : migration, memory, and the violence of a century
The dark side of zionism : Israel's quest for security through dominance
Reflections on the revolution in Europe : immigration, Islam and the West
Rallying for immigrant rights : the fight for inclusion in 21st century America
Towards a European immigration policy
Children and migration : at the crossroads of resiliency and vulnerability
Activism, NGOs and the state : multilevel responses to immigration politics in Europe
National institutions - international migration : labour markets, welfare states and immigration policy
Migration and organized civil society : rethinking national policy
Keeping up with change - population policy : background memorandum for the Committee's response to the Government report on population policy
Towards a common European immigration policy : reports and discussions of a symposium held in Trier on October 24th and 25th, 2002
Almost all aliens : immigration, race, and colonialism in American history and identity
Local and regional authorities and the immigration challenge : the role of information
Managing borders in an increasingly borderless world
Executive summary (s. 7-16).
Routledge international handbook of migration studies
Citizenship and immigration in post-war Britain : the institutional origins of a multicultural nation
Crippled America : how to make our country great again
After they closed the gates : Jewish illegal immigration to the United States, 1921-1965
Human trafficking
Globalization, migration, and the future of Europe : insiders and outsiders
New mobilities and social change in Russia's Arctic regions
The age of migration : international population movements in the modern world
External border management as an instrument of migration control
The distant present
The politics of exclusion : debating migration in Austria
The multicultural moment
"Greece has shouldered a heavy burden in the global economic crisis, struggling with political and financial insecurity. Greece has also the most porous external border of the European Union, tasked with ensuring that the EU's boundaries are both "secure and humanitarian" and hosting enormous numbers of migrants and asylum seekers who arrive by land and sea. The recent leadership and fiscal crises have led to a breakdown of legal entitlements for both Greek citizens and those seeking refuge within the country's borders. On the Doorstep of Europe is an ethnographic study of the asylum system in Greece, tracing the ways asylum seekers, bureaucrats, and service providers attempt to navigate the dilemmas of governance, ethics, knowledge, and sociability that emerge through this legal process. Centering on the work of an asylum advocacy NGO in Athens, Heath Cabot explores how workers and clients grapple with predicaments endemic to Europeanization and rights-based protection. Drawing inspiration from classical Greek tragedy to highlight both the transformative potential and the violence of law, Cabot charts the structural violence effected through European governance, rights frameworks, and humanitarian intervention while also exploring how Athenian society is being remade from the inside out. She shows how, in contemporary Greece, relationships between insiders and outsiders are radically reconfigured through legal, political, and economic crises. In addition to providing a textured, on-the-ground account of the fraught context of asylum and immigration in Europe's borderlands, On the Doorstep of Europe highlights the unpredictable and transformative ways in which those in host nations navigate legal and political violence, even in contexts of inexorable duress and inequality."--Publisher's website
On the doorstep of Europe : asylum and citizenship in Greece
Australia's immigration policy
Us & them : the dangerous politics of immigration control / Bridget Anderson
An opportunity and a challenge : migration in the European Union
Depoliticising migration : global governance and international migration narratives
A nation of immigrants
Hidden in plain sight : how I sheltered a refugee
Migrant encounters : intimate labor, the state, and mobility across Asia
Executive summary.
Migration in the new Europe : East-West revisited
The discourses and politics of migration in Europe
Migration, refugee policy, and state building in postcommunist Europe
Migration-development nexus in the Malawian health sector : European Union blue card -circular migration for development?
Working through barriers : host country institutions and immigrant labour market performance in Europe
Action plan against illegal immigration 2012-2015
¡Adios, America! : the Left's plan to turn our country into a Third World hellhole
The ethics and politics of immigration : core issues and emerging trends
Immigration and citizenship in Japan
The British dream : successes and failures of post-war immigration
Trade Union Responses to Labour Immigrants: Selective Solidarity
The economics of immigration : market-based approaches, social science, and public policy
Childhood, youth and migration : connecting global and local perspectives
Paper families : identity, immigration administration, and Chinese exclusion
'Dubliners' in the European Union : a perspective on the politics of asylum-seeking
""My father was born into war," begins this remarkable saga in Alisse Waterston's intimate ethnography, a story that is also twentieth century social history. This is an anthropologist's vivid account of her father's journey across continents, countries, cultures, languages, generations--and wars. It is a daughter's moving portrait of a charming, funny, wounded and difficult man, his relationships with those he loved, and his most sacred of beliefs. And it is a scholar's reflection on the dramatic forces of history, the legacies of culture, the experience of a Jewish immigrant, and the enduring power of memory. This book is for Sociology and Anthropology courses in qualitative methods, ethnography, violence, migration, and ethnicity"--
Covering immigration : popular images and the politics of the nation
Borderline Japan : frontier controls, foreigners and the nation in the postwar era
Producing and negotiating non-citizenship : precarious legal status in Canada
Religion, culture and the politicization of honour-related violence : a critical analysis of media and policy debates in Western Europe and North America
"From Anchorage, Alaska to Miami, Florida, millions of immigrants and their supporters took to the streets to rally for immigrant rights in the spring of 2006. The size and scope of their protests rivaled celebrated demonstrations from earlier decades for workers' rights, civil rights, or the end of war. Why and how did the immigrant rights' protests occur? Why did they end so abruptly? What is their legacy? This book is the first to address these questions by bringing together a broad, multidisciplinary account of the immigration rights rallies, protests, and boycotts of spring 2006. Drawing on top academics in the fields of sociology, political science, and Latino studies, as well as those involved with grassroots organizing and public policy debates, this volume covers the antecedents, evolution, and legacy of the 2006 protests, including discussions of unions, churches, media, immigrant organizations, and the landscape of immigration politics in the United States. More than one in eight U.S. residents were born outside the country in 2006, but lack of citizenship silences the political voice of the majority of these people through the ballot box. The peaceful demonstrations of 2006 highlight an alternative way immigrants can make their voices heard"--
Return migration in Central Europe : current trends and an analysis of policies supporting returning migrants
Labour migration has become one of the hot topics in Europe, especially since 2000 with the shift from restriction to managed migration. This book provides an authoritative account of policy change over labour migration in Europe during this new era of governance.
Study on the educational policy of the Netherlands: focus on immigrant education
Low-educated second language and literacy acquisition : proceedings of the 8th symposium
The irregularization of migration in contemporary Europe : detention, deportation, drowning
European immigrations : trends, structures and policy implications
The price of rights : regulating international labor migration
Summary.
European immigration policy: a comparative study
Maahanmuutto työvoiman tarpeen täyttäjänä / Satisfying labour demand through migration / produced by European Migration Network
EU migration law : legal complexities and political rationales
"Immigrant crisis" of 1999-2001 in Slovenia : Fabula, Plebs and Lex
Canada and immigration : public policy and public concern
Globalization and migration : a world in motion
Public and political discourses of migration : international perspectives
n 1891, officers of the United States Public Health Service began examining immigrants at the nation's borders for "loathsome and dangerous contagious diseases." First introduced as a means to screen out those who posed a threat to public health, the examinations were soon described by officials as a way of denying entry to applicants who could not work and would, therefore, be a burden on society. But historian Amy Fairchild has unearthed a curious fact about this ubiquitous rite of immigration--it was rarely undertaken to exclude immigrants. In this book, the author retells the immigrant story, offering a new interpretation of the medical exam and the role it played in the lives of the 25 million immigrants who entered the US. She argues that the vast assembly line of flesh and bone served as a kind of initiation into the life of the new working class, one that would introduce men and women from the villages of eastern Europe and elsewhere to the norms and conventions of the factory floor. What the overwhelming majority of immigrants endured at Ellis Island and other entry points to the United States was, according to Fairchild, part of a process of induction into American industrial society.
The UK Economy and Immigrants : Work prospects of foreign nationals from 1980's to present day
Refugees and a local community : a study of aborted establishment of an asylum seeker center in Jämsä in 2010
The book provides an evaluation of some of the problems with current processes and policies on integration in Europe, both in relation to broader aims of democratization and in relation to the ways in which gendered assumptions and practices are embedded in the policies and outcomes of European migration regimes. The book analyses integration as a contested concept, providing a cross-disciplinary theoretical, empirical and policy-oriented analysis of the integration-migration nexus. Integration is analysed sociologically, politically and legally as a concept that reinforces boundaries of ethnicity and problematizes difference and diversity. Particular foci of the book include theoretical and empirical aspects of migrant incorporation in Europe; citizenship, belonging and migration; gendered structures, experiences and policies; and the strategies of migrants in coping with nationally embedded protectionism. The book also explores notions of solidarity, cosmopolitanism and interculturalism, which can inform a more coherent and sustainable approach to social incorporation and inclusion within modern societies. --Book Jacket.
Finland and the international movement of people in changing Europe
Challenging immigration and ethnic relations politics : comparative European perspectives
The true colors of Finnish welfare nationalism : consolidation of neo-populist advocacy as a resonant collective identity through mobilization of exclusionary narratives of blue-and-white solidarity
A contribution to one of the most hotly contested issues in Europe, "The Migration Debate" provides a well balanced, critical analysis of UK migration policies, in a European context, from entry controls through to integration and citizenship. Exploring the pressures and constraints that have shaped a rapidly shifting policy terrain, this accessible overview offers a considered assessment of policy options to provide the foundation for a less polarised, better informed public debate. Unusual in its coverage of immigration for work, study, family and protection, and in its insistence that an understanding of integration processes must be considered alongside analysis of entry controls, "The Migration Debate" will be of equal value to policy makers as to a multi disciplinary academic readership.
Finland and Sweden : matching labor market needs with talented migrants
Immigration policy and the welfare system : a report for the Fondazione Rodolfo Debenedetti
Image of migration in Western Europe in 1990s
Migration, borders and asylum : trends and vulnerabilities in EU policy
Understanding immigration and refugee policy : contradictions and continuities
"A core feature of contemporary migration politics lies in the claim to regulate and discipline the cross- border mobility of people "through", "in the interest of" and "with the help of" the very individuals that cross national borders. Popularized by notions such as "smart borders" or "migration management", these practices and technologies raise important questions regarding strategies of migration control, the exercise of power, and their effects on individuals, societies and states. This volume scrutinizes these new developments and shows that mobility and migration politics are based on a mix of traditional coercive interventions and less repressive and indirect practices. Both types of practices are shown to pertain to the common conceptual umbrella provided by the notion of discipline. The contributors discuss disciplining strategies that, while apparently different, share the common objective of making sense of, ordering and, ultimately, steering and "managing" human mobility." --Publisher's description.
The securitization of migration : a study of movement and order
New challenges for migration policy in Central and Eastern Europe
The political challenges of immigration [pääkirjoitus]
Moving Europe : EU research on migration and policy needs
Philosophies of exclusion : liberal political theory and immigration
Border vigils : keeping migrants out of the rich world
Chinatown, Europe : an exploration of overseas Chinese identity in the 1990s
"Migration is one of the key issues in contemporary European politics and society, placing high on the political agenda in local, national and transnational political contexts, and widely debated in the media. All European states must grapple with the challenges posed when people move across borders. However, little is known about the relationship between the construction and elaboration of political discourse and its impact on institutions and actors associated with immigration, as well as the lives and everyday realities of frequently vulnerable migrant populations. This book engages with politics and political discourse that relate to and qualify immigration in Europe. It brings together empirical analysis of immigration both topically and contextually, and interprets such empirical evidence with the use of policy and discursive analyses as methodological tools"--
This book examines the contribution of the European Commission to the process of transformation of EU borders. Migration issues have been at the centre of EU political debates in recent years. From national controversies sparked by the economic difficulties in the aftermath of the 2008 economic downturn to EU-wide problems caused by the record number of asylum seekers looking for a refuge in the Union. Simultaneously, the EU migration regime has undergone a profound change since the 1980s as a result of the developments in the integration process. Inevitably this has impacted borders, transforming their nature and functions. The author looks at four key EU policy areas, which in recent decades have substantially altered the EU migration regime: the European Neighbourhood Policy, social policy, border controls, and free movement of people. Based on a variety of Commission documents the analysis focuses on the different borders that have been transformed, their altered nature and functions, and the specific impact of the European Commission on to these processes.
National parliaments and EU policy making : a comparative study of the UK, Finland, Poland and Estonia
"A study of the economics of immigration"--
Exodus : immigration and multiculturalism in the 21st century
Strangers at our door
The migration debate
Immigrants and hosts : perceptions, interactions, and transformations
The politicisation of migration
Immigrants at the margins : law, race, and exclusion in Southern Europe
Immigration strategy for Northern Ostrobothnia 2015
Managing labour migration in Europe : ideas, knowledge and policy change
Disciplining the transnational mobility of people
Impact of migration in the receiving countries : Germany
Immigration, emigration, and migration
Welfare citizenship and welfare nationalism
Labour markets performance and migration flows in Arab Mediterranean Countries : determinants and effects. Vol. 1, Final report & thematic background papers
Labour migration in Europe
Refugees from the violence of wars and the brutality of famished lives have knocked on other people's doors since the beginning of time. For the people behind the doors, these uninvited guests were always strangers, and strangers tend to generate fear and anxiety precisely because they are unknown. Today we find ourselves confronted with an extreme form of this historical dynamic, as our TV screens and newspapers are filled with accounts of a 'migration crisis', ostensibly overwhelming Europe and portending the collapse of our way of life. This anxious debate has given rise to a veritable 'moral panic' - a feeling of fear spreading among a large number of people that some evil threatens the well-being of society.
This book shows the different ways in which migration matters in the context of global and local childhood and youth. Furthermore, it highlights that childhood, youth and migration as well as local and global perspectives need to be thought and analyzed together, to address the significant dimensions of social inequality in the context of growing up. Migration as a phenomenon is most often motivated by the search for a better life. Very often children and young people, migrating alone or together with their families, migrate to ameliorate their own or others' living conditions and seize opportunities for realizing a good life. Today as well as in the past this search for a better life is very often triggered by socio-economic reasons, war or terrorism. Against the backdrop of the topic raised above the book deals with children and young people's own perspective in countries of migration. It promotes the idea of connecting global and local issues of childhood and youth with a special focus on questions of education. It studies questions of global and local living and highlights living circumstances shaped by patterns of migration and mobility.
Local dimension of migration policymaking
Contested voices : women immigrants in today's world
Dividing lines : the politics of immigration control in America
Europe's immigration challenge : reconciling work, welfare and mobility
The Latino threat : constructing immigrants, citizens, and the nation
Human trafficking in Europe: character, causes and consequences
Outlines the author's view on key issues, including the economy, immigration, national security, and healthcare.
Policing Paris : the origins of modern immigration control between the wars
Guarding the golden door : American immigration policy and immigrants since 1882
Migrant workers in Russia : global challenges of the shadow economy in societal transformation
Framing immigrant integration : Dutch research-policy dialogues in comparative perspective
"Migration has become, since the 1990s, the subject of growing international discussion and cooperation. International organisations and the international community have taken a number of initiatives to better 'manage' migration and make it the object of 'global governance' mechanisms. This implies a specific intellectual and political construction of migration as a global issue that deserves global attention. By critically analysing the reports produced by international organisations on migration, this book sheds light on the way these actors frame migration and develop their recommendations on how it shoulg be governed."
The latest financial crisis has given rise to sweeping transformations in labor markets. Today, many developed countries require a variety of skilled workers in order to develop a knowledge economy. Since these countries face certain internal demographic and educational problems that are obstacles to sustained economic growth, they require skilled migrant workers. Our study analyzes these situations in two Nordic countries, Finland and Sweden. We found that both countries are using an active strategy through policies aimed to attract and retain the most talented foreign students and workers, easing their entrance into labor markets and granting them permanent residence..
Integration and inclusion of newcomers and minorities across Canada
The EU : an obituary
International practice and policy trends in international labour immigration
In most developed countries immigration policy is high on the political agenda. But what happens to migrants after their arrival - integration and social cohesion - has received less attention, yet these conditions matter to migrants and to wider society. Drawing on fieldwork in London and eastern England, Moving up and getting on is the first accessible, yet comprehensive, text to critique the effectiveness of recent integration and social cohesion policies and calls for a stronger political leadership. Written for those interested in public policy, the book argues that if the UK is to be successful in managing migration, there needs to be greater emphasis on the social aspects of integration and opportunities for meaningful social contact between migrants and longer-settled residents, particularly in the workplace.
The rise of the new second generation
The importance of being decent : political discourse on immigration in Norway 1970-2002
The Europeanization of European politics
The Canadian ethnic mosaic : a quest for identity
Towards a stronger social dimension of the European Union
European migration : what do we know?
Abstract (s. 1-2).
Contesting integration, engendering migration : theory and practice
Immigration : a documentary and reference guide
Gatekeepers of the family : regulating family migration to Finland
Many low-income countries and development organizations are calling for greater liberalization of labor immigration policies in high-income countries. At the same time, human rights organizations and migrant rights advocates demand more equal rights for migrant workers. The Price of Rights shows why you cannot always have both. Examining labor immigration policies in over forty countries, as well as policy drivers in major migrant-receiving and migrant-sending states, Martin Ruhs finds that there are trade-offs in the policies of high-income countries between openness to admitting migrant workers and some of the rights granted to migrants after admission. Insisting on greater equality of rights for migrant workers can come at the price of more restrictive admission policies, especially for lower-skilled workers. Ruhs advocates the liberalization of international labor migration through temporary migration programs that protect a universal set of core rights and account for the interests of nation-states by restricting a few specific rights that create net costs for receiving countries. The Price of Rights analyzes how high-income countries restrict the rights of migrant workers as part of their labor immigration policies and discusses the implications for global debates about regulating labor migration and protecting migrants. It comprehensively looks at the tensions between human rights and citizenship rights, the agency and interests of migrants and states, and the determinants and ethics of labor immigration policy.
Refugees and the ethics of forced displacement
New South Wales immigration policy, 1856-1900
Science at the borders : immigrant medical inspection and the shaping of the modern industrial labor force
Immigration policy and the Scandinavian welfare state 1945-2010
The European commission and the transformation of EU borders
