http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1021 journalists
journalists editors
When Hazel Nash was six years old, her father taught her: mysteries need to be solved. He should know. Hazel's father is Jack Nash, the host of America's favorite conspiracy TV show, The House of Secrets. After an accident leaves her with no memory, Hazel Nash must put together the pieces of her past and present to find the truth about her father and his connection to a corpse found with a book found in his chest.
Inauguration day : a thriller
Syria from afar : how journalists in Finland and Germany cover the first YouTube war
Red Rascal's war
If it bleeds
Whispers
The House of Secrets
They followed me in the street : the assassination of a journalist and other horror stories from present day Russia
Journalism and unionization : a comparative study of the Korean and foreign press
The travelers : a novel
Cleaver
Abstract.
The total package
The long shadow
True story : murder, memoir, mea culpa
African assignment : The story of IPI's sixyear training programme in tropical Africa
Spook country
The imperfectionists
Red star over China
Superman IV : the quest for peace
The siren
Off the map : a personal history of Finland
Teaching journalists to interview in English
Future of the media : sights from the inside
Becoming a journalist : journalism education in the Nordic countries
Oil on Water
A beautiful model's death uncovers an ugly conspiracy stretching all the way to Westminster in Rosie Gilmour's darkest case to date. When rags-to-riches Scots supermodel Bella Mason plunges to her death from the roof of a glitzy Madrid hotel, everyone assumes it was suicide. Except that one person saw exactly what happened to Bella that night, and she definitely didn't jump. But Millie Chambers has no one she can tell - alcoholic, depressed herself and now sectioned by her bullying politician husband, who would believe her? And that's not all Millie knows. Being close to the heart of Westminster power can lead to discovering some awful secrets... Back in Glasgow, Rosie's research into Bella's life leads to her brother, separated from her in care years before. Dan is now a homeless heroin addict and rent boy, but what he reveals about Bella's early life is electrifying: organised sexual abuse in care homes across Glasgow. Bella had tracked him down so that they could tell the world their story. And now she's dead. As Rosie's drive to expose the truth leads her closer to Millie and the shameful secrets she has kept for so many years, it becomes clear that what she's about to discover could prove fatal: a web of sexual abuse linking powerful figures across the nation, and the rot at the very heart of the British Establishment...
Auggie Wren's Christmas story
Empress of fashion : a life of Diana Vreeland
Journalists and detente : documents of the conference on security and co-operation in Europe, Finnish comments on the 3rd basket and a selection on documents related to journalism and peace
My past and thoughts. Volume one: the memoirs of Alexander Herzen
The paratrooper's princess
High notes : selected writings
The water theatre
Stories we could tell
The reporter's trade
Edge of midnight
Superman : Secret identity. The deluxe edition
Forever your Earl
The labyrinth of Osiris
Buried in a book
Six suspects
Discovering Pressboard Suppliers in India from A Transformer Subcontractor's Perspective : Case Company - A Finnish Transformer Subcontractor
Handbook for 3rd World journalists
The golden age is in us : journeys & encounters 1987-1994
The boyfriend
The Gods are thirsty : a novel of the French revolution
My life on the road
Ghost dancer : a thriller
Professional roles of Russian journalists at the end of the 1990s : a case study of St. Petersburg media
Providence. Act 1
Recipes for love and murder : a Tannie Maria mystery
Committed observer : memoirs of a journalist
My past and thoughts. Volume two: the memoirs of Alexander Herzen
The honey trap
Feedback
Supplier Selection Based On AHP Method : Supplier from China for Suomen Koristetuonti
All night long
The final word
In America : travels with John Steinbeck
The satanic mechanic : a Tannie Maria mystery
Greyshirt : indigo sunset
Sharp objects : a novel
Acts of omission
And the good news is.. : lessons and advice from the bright side
Bad things happen
The midnight watch
Shell shocked : on the ground under Israel's Gaza assault
Trust in buyer-supplier collaboration : the importance of personal relationships
The facility
AUTOBIOGRAPHY: GENERAL. Guardian columnist Lindy West wasn't always loud. It's difficult to believe she was once a nerdy, terror-stricken teen who wanted nothing more than to be invisible. Fortunately for women everywhere, along the road she found her voice - and how she found it! That cripplingly shy girl, who refused to make a sound, grew up to be one of the loudest, shrillest, most fearless feminazis on the internet, making a living speaking up for what's right instead of what's 'cool'. In Shrill, Lindy recounts how she went from being the butt of people's jokes, to telling her own brand of jokes - ones that come with a meaningful agenda and aren't at someone else's expense. She reveals the obstacles and misogyny she's had to overcome to make herself heard, in a society that doesn't believe women (especially fat women and feminists) can ever be funny.
It can't happen here
Value creation in collaboration between software suppliers and customers : suppliers’ perspective
First in a new series. After losing her job as a journalist at the age of 45, Lila Wilkins accepts an internship at A Novel Idea, a thriving literary agency in North Carolina. When a penniless aspiring author drops dead in the agency's waiting room--and Lila discovers a series of threatening letters--she's determined to find out who wrote him off.
The informant
When in French : love in a second language
Bad wolf : [a novel]
The American journalist in the 1990s : U.S. news people at the end of an era
The cantaloupe thief : a Branigan Powers mystery
How to be a woman
Heartsick
The shambling guide to New York City
Value creation by enterprise systems value added resellers : the case of PLM systems VARs
Whiskey tango foxtrot
"As a nine-year-old Tehrani schoolgirl during the Iranian Revolution, Nazila Fathi watched her country change before her eyes. The revolutionaries-- most of them poor, uneducated, and radicalized-- seized jobs, housing, and positions of power, transforming Iranian society practically overnight. But this socioeconomic revolution had an unintended effect. As Fathi shows, the forces unleashed in 1979 inadvertently created a robust Iranian middle class, one that today hungers for more personal freedoms and a renewed relationship with the outside world"--
You're a big girl now
It's the difference between surviving life and living life. It's the difference between taking a shower and teaching your monkey butler how to shampoo your hair. Jenny Lawson - aka The Bloggess - returns with the follow-up to her bestselling memoir Let's Pretend This Never Happened, recounting stories from everyday family life in her inimitably frank, hilarious, bizarre and endearing way. She describes her battles with depression and anxiety and her quest to overcome them by saying yes to even the absurdist opportunities and making the good times gloriously good. For as Jenny says: 'You can't experience pain without also experiencing the baffling and ridiculous moments of being fiercely, unapologetically, intensely and (above all) furiously happy...' It's a philosophy that has - quite literally - saved her life.
The fate of Katherine Carr
Stettin Station
Amber Scott is starting over
The whole truth
From MTV to Mecca : how islam inspired my life
Annika Bengtzon has spent her career telling stories that need to be heard. As a journalist, she's always been at the front line of criminal reporting. And now a court case that she's been reporting on - the savage murder of a homeless man - has begun to attract a lot of attention. With the stakes rising by the day, Annika is once again flung to the heart of a complex case. But nagging at the back of her mind is her sister's mysterious absence. In the midst of a tense public situation, Annika's own complicated past looks set to rear its head.
Physiological determinants and assessment of stress and recovery among media workers
A language barrier is no match for love. Lauren Collins discovered this firsthand when, in her early thirties, she moved to London and fell for a Frenchman named Olivier--a surprising turn of events for someone who didn't have a passport until she was in college. But what does it mean to love someone in a second language? Collins wonders, as her relationship with Olivier continues to grow entirely in English. Are there things she doesn't understand about Olivier, having never spoken to him in his native tongue? Does "I love you" even mean the same thing as "je t'aime"? When the couple, newly married, relocates to Francophone Geneva, Collins--fearful of one day becoming "a Borat of a mother" who doesn't understand her own kids--decides to answer her questions for herself by learning French.  When in Frenchis a laugh-out-loud funny and surprising memoir about the lengths we go to for love, as well as an exploration across culture and history into how we learn languages--and what they say about who we are. Collins grapples with the complexities of the French language, enduring excruciating role-playing games with her classmates at a Swiss language school and accidently telling her mother-in-law that she's given birth to a coffee machine. In learning French, Collins must wrestle with the very nature of French identity and society--which, it turns out, is a far cry from life back home in North Carolina. Plumbing the mysterious depths of humanity's many forms of language, Collins describes with great style and wicked humor the frustrations, embarrassments, surprises, and, finally, joys of learning--and living in--French -
When beautiful serial killer Gretchen Lowell captured her last victim - the very detective who was trying to hunt her down - she quickly established who was really in control of the investigation. So why, after 10 days of horrifying physical and mental torture, did she release Detective Archie Sheridan and hand herself in?
The cinderella murder : an under suspicion novel
On a hot June day the body of a sixteen-year-old girl washes up on a river bank outside of Frankfurt. She has been brutally murdered, but no one comes forward with any information as to her identity. Even weeks later, the local police have not been able to find out who she is. Then a new case comes in: A popular TV reporter is attacked, raped, and locked in the trunk of her own car. She survives, barely, and is able to supply certain hints to the police, having to do with her recent investigations into a child welfare organization and the potenial uncovering of a child pornography ring with members from the highest echelon of society. As the two cases collide, Inspectors Pia Kirchhoff and Oliver von Bodenstein dig deep into the past and underneath the veneer of bourgeois society to come up against a terrible secret that is about to impact their personal lives as well. In Nele Neuhaus's second U.S. publication of her enormously popular series, tensions run high and a complex and unpredictable plot propels her characters forward at breakneck speed.
Executive summary.
A cold and lonely place : a novel
A special relationship
Daily Planet
Slow news day
The Russians
Video journalism for the web : a practical introduction to documentary storytelling
Calamity in Kent
Brazil on the move
Techbitch
Down among the dead men
Americanah
The paperboy
Lincoln Steffens : a biography
Fallout
Eleanor Hawke loves a good scandal. And readers of her successful gossip rag live for the exploits of her favorite subject: Daniel Balfour, the notorious Earl of Ashford. So when the earl himself marches into her office and invites her to experience his illicit pursuits firsthand, Eleanor is stunned. Gambling hells, phaeton races, masquerades. What more could a scandal writer want than a secret look into the life of this devilishly handsome rake? Daniel has secrets, and if 'The Hawk's Eye' gets wind of them, a man's life could be at stake. And what better way to distract a gossip than by feeding her the scandal she desperately craves? But Daniel never expected the sharp mind and biting wit of the beautiful writer, and their desire for each other threatens even his best-laid plans.
We are now beginning our descent
The gates of Evangeline
Silent as the grave
Front Row : Anna Wintour, the cool life and hot times of Vogue's editor in chief
"Media work is a good example of working life in modern 24/7 society. Time pressure and cognitive strain due to overflow of media inputs enhance job strain. New technology requires constant learning and implementation of new working modalities. Employees might continue work-related activities at home and outside the workplace. This may lead to overcommitment and extension of the real working time. Irregular shift work is common. Sudden changes in information flow, technical problems and alterations in team resources may hinder recovery and increase stress. On the other hand high demands may increase the well-being, if the worker can use the skills and has good job control. Self-assessments of stress and well-being combined with physiological measurements help us also to identify work-related and personal factors that could explain good or poor recovery." -- (Back Cover)
The year of the hare
The last decade has seen a transformation of journalism industries and the working lives of our journalists. Do the changes have the same impact everywhere? Do journalists today experience these changes as a pressure or as a possibility? Is something irrevocably lost from journalism with these changes? "Newsworkers" takes a broad range of European countries - North and South, East and West, big and small - comparing in each how journalism as work has been affected by the changes in journalism institutions. The book looks at three pertinent and topical questions: the role of technology in changing journalism work practice; the decline or not of professional values; and whether journalism is becoming more homogenous across national borders. Drawing on extensive and original research, the book provides a comprehensive picture of contemporary European journalism.
Drawing blood : a memoir
Bodily harm
Sleeping cutie
Supplier Satisfaction: the Concept and a Measurement System:a study to define the supplier satisfaction elements and usage as a management tool
Cents and sensibility
Creative careers : paths for aspiring actors, artists, dancers, musicians and writers
FEEDBACK is a full-length Newsflesh novel which overlaps the events of the acclaimed and New York Times bestselling novel FEED. For the first time it reveals what happened from the perspective of reporters covering the Democrats' side of the story. There are two sides to every story...The year was 2014. We had cured cancer. We had beat the common cold. But in doing so we unleashed something horrifying and unstoppable. The infection spread leaving those afflicted with a single uncontrollable impulse: FEED. Now, twenty years after the Rising, a team of scrappy underdog reporters relentlessly pursue the truth while competing against the superstar Masons, surrounded by the infected, and facing more insidious forces working in the shadows.
Activation of supply relationships : a study of main providers in Turku logistics cluster
Please enjoy your happiness
Edison : city of crime
The wind is not a river
Shrill : notes from a loud woman
The mirror world of melody black
Confessions from correspondent-land : the dangers & delights of life as a foreign correspondent
The shadow of the sun : my African life
Snapped
From print to online : how lifestyle magazine editors-in-chief perceive advertising influence
A man of the times : talks and travels in a disrupted world
"High Notes draws from six decades of Talese's work, from his long-form pieces for Esquire to his more autobiographical writings of the eighties and nineties to his twenty-first-century reflections on New York, New Yorkers, and the institution of which he is the longtime chronicler, the New York Times"--
Adultery : a novel
COULD YOU FIND A MUSEUM FOR A MONSTER? OR A JAZZ BAR FOR A JABBERWOCK? Zoe writes travel guides for the undead. And she's good at it too - her new-found ability to talk to cities seems to help. After the success of The Shambling Guide to New York City, Zoe and her team are sent to New Orleans to write the sequel. Her career isn't all that brings her to New Orleans. The only person who can save Zoe's boyfriend from zombism is rumoured to live in the city's swamps, but she's out of her element in the wilderness. With her supernatural colleagues waiting to see her fail, and rumours of a new threat hunting citytalkers, can Zoe stay alive long enough to finish her next book?
Kill me twice
The cat who came in off the roof
To be continued, or, Conversations with a toad
Reporting Africa : a manual for reporters in Africa
The lonely war : one woman's account of the struggle for modern Iran
In this tightly wound, enthralling story reminiscent of Agatha Christie's works, Lo Blacklock, a journalist who writes for a travel magazine, has just been given the assignment of a lifetime: a week on a luxury cruise with only a handful of cabins. The sky is clear, the waters calm, and the veneered, select guests jovial as the exclusive cruise ship, the Aurora, begins her voyage in the picturesque North Sea. At first, Lo's stay is nothing but pleasant: the cabins are plush, the dinner parties are sparkling, and the guests are elegant. But as the week wears on, frigid winds whip the deck, gray skies fall, and Lo witnesses what she can only describe as a dark and terrifying nightmare: a woman being thrown overboard. The problem? All passengers remain accounted for--and so, the ship sails on as if nothing has happened, despite Lo's desperate attempts to convey that something (or someone) has gone terribly, terribly wrong
City on fire
Mapping Foreign Correspondence in Europe
Elspeth Huxley : a biography
What language do I dream in? : a memoir
Cool for cats
The woman in cabin 10
Further Development of Supplier Portal
All that is : a novel
The Television Handbook is a critical introduction to the practice and theory of television. The book examines the state of television today, explains how television is made and how production is organised, and discusses how critical thinking about programmes and genres can illuminate their meanings. This book also explores how developments in technology and the changing structure of the television industry will lead the medium in new directions. The Television Handbook gives practical advice on many aspects of programme making, from an initial programme idea through to shooting and the post-p.
The impact of supplier relationships on born global firms' internationalization
Truth or fiction
An analysis of the selection and evaluation of suppliers in low-cost countries
The Television Handbook
Newsworkers : a comparative European perspective
Psmith, journalist
When in French
Furiously happy : a funny book about horrible things
Expecting : the inner life of pregnancy
No safe place
The application of analytic hierarchy process in supplier selection for specialty paper making company : case company: Anhui Welbon Gaosen Paper Co., Ltd
Live from the battlefield : from Vietnam to Baghdad : 35 years in the world's war zones
My past and thoughts. Volume four: the memoirs of Alexander Herzen
The demons : welcome to the park of chimeras
The wreckage
Because of the disaster that was her last job, Zoe is searching for a fresh start as a travel book editor in the tourist-centric New York City. After stumbling across a seemingly perfect position though, Zoe is blocked at every turn because of the one thing she can't take off her resume --- human. Not to be put off by anything -- especially not her blood drinking boss or death goddess coworker -- Zoe delves deep into the monster world. But her job turns deadly when the careful balance between human and monsters starts to crumble -- with Zoe right in the middle.
The sly company of people who care
Mayor Rob Ford : Uncontrollable : how I tried to help the world's most notorious mayor
Journalism in the age of the net : changing society, changing profession
Dispatches from the edge : a memoir of war, disasters and survival
Peter Maguire has been kidnapped in Somalia's capital, Mogadishu. He does not know where he is or what is going to happen to him. The journalist is filled with fear and, as the days go by, this dread of the unknown is shot through with remorse for the mistakes of his past. Peter's mother Nina comes to Somalia to wait for her son's release. His plight forces her to relive another trauma - the fatal shooting in Liberia of Shaun Ridge, a young photographer she once loved, and Peter's real father. Abdi, a Somali teenager working with Peter's captors strikes a tenuous friendship with the prisoner based on a shared feeling of captivity. He decides to help Peter escape. Together they set off into the barren vastness of a land filled with danger. Three people must journey into one of the world's most dangerous places, the human mind, to answer the question: are we ever truly free?
Open ice : reflections and confessions of a hockey lifer
Death of a celebrity
The ghost train to New Orleans
Translation under negotiation : the textual interplay of translators and editors in contemporary Finnish Shakespeare translation
Driving heat
Weekly world news [vol. 1]: The world's only reliable news
The rocky road to romance
The War on women : and the brave ones who fight back
Shopped : a true story of secret shopping and self-discovery
The leviathan effect
Fear and loathing : the strange and terrible saga of Hunter S. Thompson
The sourcing solution : a step-by-step guide to creating a successful purchasing program
The fixer
How to catch a prince
Media perceptions and portrayals of pastoralists in Kenya, India and China
AUTOBIOGRAPHY: SCIENCE, TECHNOLOGY & MEDICINE. When Chitra Ramaswamy discovered she was pregnant, she longed for a book that went above and beyond a manual; a book that did more than describe what was happening in her growing body. One that, instead, got to the very heart of this overwhelming, confusing and exciting experience. Expecting takes the reader on a physical, emotional, philosophical and artistic odyssey through pregnancy. A memoir exploring each of the nine months of Chitra's pregnancy, Expecting is a book of intimate, strange, wild and lyrical essays that pay tribute to this most extraordinary and ordinary of experiences.
Implementation of VMI supply model in process industry environment
Fractured
My past and thoughts. Volume three: the memoirs of Alexander Herzen
Acts of love
Journalist : status, rights and responsibilities
Play it again : an amateur against the impossible
Between two worlds : my life and captivity in Iran
The diving-bell and the butterfly
