http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10258 history of education
history of education
Adult education between cultures : encounters and identities in European adult education since 1890
"The 3rd edition of this introduction to and analysis of contemporary concepts of curriculum that emerged from the Reconceptualization of curriculum studies brings readers up to date on the major research themes within the historical development of the field"--
Nationalism and education in modern China
Foundations of foreign language teaching. Vol. 3
Understanding history of education
Where girls come first : the rise, fall, and surprising revival of girls' schools
Life and education in early societies
History of education : major themes. Vol. 3, Studies in learning and teaching
Exploring cross-national attraction in education : some historical comparisons of American and Chinese attraction to Japanese education
History of American education : primer
The right to learn : the struggle for education in South Africa
An educational history of the Western world
Helvetius : his life and place in the history of educational thought
Comenius and Hungary : essays
Early years education : major themes in education. Volume 1 : histories and traditions
Jean Piaget and Neuchâtel : the learner and the scholar
The French educator Célestin Freinet (1896-1966) : an inquiry into how his ideas shaped education
Ancient education and today
Curriculum change in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries
History of Japanese education and present educational system
Post-school education and the transition from state socialism
Theories of education : studies of significant innovation in Western educational thought
The school system of Finland
History of education in Iceland
History of education : major themes. Vol. 4, Studies of education systems
A history of western education. Vol. 3, The modern west Europe and the New World
International handbook of comparative education. Part 2
Tartu University 350
Challenging orthodoxies : toward a new cultural history of education
The school in question : a comparative study of the school and its future in Western societies
Boarding schools as means to educate children from remote districts in Finland  : a micro-historical study of the role of the student hall of residence in Sodankylä, 1943-1972
Schools of Hellas : an essay on the practice and theory of ancient Greek education from 600 to 300 b.C
An oral history of the education of visually impaired people : telling stories for inclusive futures
Interpretations of Renaissance humanism
Foundations of educational thought. Vol. 3, Postmodern educational thought (1979-1991)
A culture of teaching : early modern humanism in theory and practice
Studies in the history of educational theory. Vol. 1, Artifice and nature, 1350-1765
Networks of learning : perspectives on scholars in Byzantine East and Latin West, c. 1000-1200
School for women
The American experience in education
The rise of the modern educational system : structural change and social reproduction 1870-1920
The teacher in a planned society
Pioneers of modern physical training
Education in Britain, 1750-1914
Facing diversity : the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland from 2004 to 2007
J.A. Comenius and the concept of universal education
Education and its disciplines
ABC : the alphabetization of the popular mind
The cultivation of hatred
Johannes Amos Comenius (1592-1670) : exponent of European culture?
Forty years of public education in the U. S. S. R : facts and figures
What is the future of village schools? : a case study on the life cycle of a school in Northern Finland
An intelligent person's guide to education
The workers' institutes and other free institutes of Finland : published by the Board of schools
The struggle for the history of education
The educational process and historiography in Africa : final report and papers of the symposium
Humanism and Protestantism in early modern English education
Female education in Ireland 1700-1900 : Minerva or Madonna
From popular enlightenment to lifelong learning : a history of adult education in Scotland, 1707-2005
This book is a remarkable feat of scholarship - so remarkable in fact that I put it in the same league as the great classics of the field that had so much to do with setting the direction of 'Comparative Education'. Indeed, this volume goes further than earlier classics to reveal, through textual analysis and interviews with key figures, how the epistemological foundations of the field and crucial professional developments combined to, as the title indicates, construct Comparative Education. Manzon's work is indispensable - a word I do not use lightly - for scholars who seek a genuine grasp of the field: how it was formed and by whom, its major theoreticians, its professional foundations, and so on. Clearly too, this book marks the rise of a young star, Maria Manzon, who shows promise of joining the ranks of our field's most illustrious thinkers.
Schools & scholars in fourteenth-century England
Abstract: Equality and Progress - The Finnish Education Project Under Russian Rule.
A history of the Western educational experience
A history of Western education. Vol. 1, The ancient world : Orient and Mediterranean : 2000 B.C. - A.D. 1054
History of education : major themes. Vol. 1, Debates in the history of education
Early feminists and the education debates : England, France, Germany, 1760-1810
Crowd culture : an examination of the American way of life
The development of education in the twentieth century
Education in the United States : its history from the earliest settlements
Special education contained in educational magazines and school practice in Bosnia and Herzegovina and Croatia, 1958-1990
Pre-modern games in a modern world : a case of public festivals as rational recreation in 19th century Finland
Social reconstruction : people, politics, perspectives
Gender, race, and the National Education Association : professionalism and its limitations
Japanese moral education past and present
Scholarly knowledge : textbooks in early modern Europe
Educational development in Finland 1974-1976 : report by the Finnish Ministry of Education to the 36th Session of the International Conference on Education in Geneve, August-September 1977.
Language of the land : policy, politics, identity
Contemporary debates in education: an historical perspective
Objectives and perspectives in education : studies in educational theory 1955-1970
Forty years of Finnish pre-school education : the development of curricula between 1972 and 2000
The way schools work : a sociological analysis of education
The sins of the fathers
A concise history of education in Romania
Childhood as cognition : or taking Ariès at his word
Ten great educators of modern Japan : a Japanese perspective
Some comments on the uniformity of the "Experimental period" in the history of Soviet education
An introduction to the history of education
Philosophy of education
Health : the first prerequisite of the joy of life : the history of the subject of health education in Finland
A history of mathematics education during the twentieth century
Fifty years of American education : a historical review and critical appraisal
Main currents in the history of education
The American school 1642-1990 : varieties of historical interpretation of the foundations and development of American education
The history of western education
The education of the Greek people
The educational writings of John Locke
White Field, black seeds : Nordic literacy practices in the long nineteenth century
The university as an educational institution
Education in the post-war years : a social history
Education in Tokugawa Japan
The education of the people : a history of primary education in England and Wales in the nineteenth century
The Russian tradition in education
Samuel Hartlib and the advancement of learning
A short history of English education from 1760 to 1944
Adventures in education
Plato and education
From the salon to the schoolroom : educating bourgeois girls in nineteenth-century France
Public or private education? : lessons from history
Alternatives in education : theoretical & historical perspectives
Education as history : interpreting nineteenth- and twentieth-century education
A history of education in antiquity
The education system in England and Wales
Comparative education : the construction of a field
Silences & images : the social history of the classroom
An educational history of the western world
Power and the promise of school reform : grassroots movements during the progressive era
Pestalozzi and the educationalization of the world
Rethinking the history of education : transnational perspectives on its questions, methods, and knowledge
The history of education in Europe
Education and the handicapped : 1760-1960
The wise men know what wicked things are written on the sky
"First the bow is bent in study-- " : Dominican education before 1350
Cultures of learning and practices of education in the Middle Ages are drawing renewed attention, and recent approaches are questioning the traditional boundaries of institutional and intellectual history. The volume assembles contributions on both Byzantine and Latin learned culture, and aims to locate medieval scholars in their religious and political contexts instead of studying them in a framework of 'schools'. Eleven contributions on eastern and western scholars offer complementary perspectives on scholars and their work, discussing the symbolic and discursive construction of religious and intellectual authority, practices of networking and adaptations of knowledge formations.
Present and past : essays for teachers in the history of education
The rise of the modern educational system: structural change and social reproduction 1870-1920
A history of Western education. 1, The ancient world : Orient and Mediterranean : 2000 B.C. - A.D. 1054
Foundations of foreign language teaching. Vol. 4
Studies in the history of educational theory. Vol. 2, The minds and the masses, 1760-1980
Guide international de la recherche en histoire de l'éducation = International guide for research in the history of education
Essays on educational reformers
The story of education : philosophical and historical foundations
The emergence of higher education for women first women's colleges in Cambridge
A history of popular education : educating the people of the world
The struggle for the American curriculum 1893-1958
Scottish life and society : a compendium of Scottish ethnology. 11, Institutions of Scotland : education
In the spirit of Uno Cygnaeus : pedagogical questions of today and tomorrow
Education for the nation
Education facing the crisis of values : strategies for strengthening humanistic, cultural and international values in formal and non-formal education
At the roots of Finnish elementary education : how were children raised in the first Finnish elementary schools?
The origins and growth of modern education
Pioneers of early childhood education : a bio-bibliographical guide
Environmental education in the 21st century : theory, practice, progress and promise
Significant trends in the development of Finnish teacher education programs (1860-2010)
The history of American education : a great American experiment
Education in Britain : 1944 to present
Foundations of educational thought. Vol. 4, Postmodern educational thought (1991 to present)
History of education : major themes. Vol. 2, Education in its social context
The development of the concept of music education in Estonian kindergartens, 1905-2008 : a historical-critical overview
A century of education
The school in the American social order : the dynamics of American education
Research in educational history
The history of western education. Vol. 2, Civilization of Europe sixth to sixteenth century
An imperfect past : education and society in Canadian history
Researching life stories : method, theory and analyses in a biographical age
The history of western education. Vol. 1, The ancient world: Orient and Mediterranean 2000 B.C. - A.D. 1054
A history of Western education. Vol. 3, The modern west : Europe and the new world
The evolution of the elementary schools of Great Britain
The theory of education in the United States
Education reform in Japan : a case of immobilist politics
An Atlantic crossing? : the work of the International Examination Inquiry, its researchers, methods and influence
Radical education : a critique of freeschooling and deschooling
The Jixia Academy and the birth of higher learning in China : a comparison of fourth-century B.C. Chinese education with ancient Greece
Education, the child and society : a documentary history 1900-1973
Tenured radicals : how politics has corrupted our higher education
Teaching the language-arts
An introduction to the study of education
The custody and courtship of experience : Western education in philosophical perspective
Curriculum development in the postmodern era : teaching and learning in an age of accountability
The politics of Irish education, 1920-65
From teachers into multiply skilled persons : how was art education implemented at a Finnish teacher training college in 1921-1970?
