http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10278 determinism (philosophy)
determinism (philosophy)
Did my genes make me do it? : and other philosophical dilemmas
My way : essays on moral responsibility
An introduction to metaphysics
In this enlightening book, Sam Harris argues that free will is an illusion but that this truth should not undermine morality or diminish the importance of social and political freedom; indeed, this truth can and should change the way we think about some of the most important questions in life.
The criticism of society and mankind in Mark Twain's short stories
Determinism/spinozism in the radical Enlightenment : the cases of Anthony Collins and Denis Diderot
Striving with grace : views of free will in Anglo-Saxon England
Aristotle and determinism
Hobbes and Bramhall on liberty and necessity
Freedom : political, metaphysical, negative and positive
Moral responsibility : beyond free will and determinism
Prize essay on the freedom of the will
Are we free? : psychology and free will
Laws, mind, and free will
The non-reality of free will
Freedom and destiny
Moral appraisability : puzzles, proposals, and perplexities
Questioning nineteenth-century assumptions about knowledge. 1, Determinism
The captivation of the will : Luther vs. Erasmus on freedom and bondage
Free will and moral responsibility
Ammonius and the seabattle : texts, commentary, and essays
Middle knowledge
The riddle of the world : a reconsideration of Schopenhauer's philosophy
Altering fate : why the past does not predict the future
Rationality + consciousness = free will
Perspectives on moral responsibility
Freedom and reflection : Hegel and the logic of agency
Reason and responsibility : readings in some basic problems of philosophy
Causality and determinism
Will, freedom, and power
Causes, laws, and free will : why determinism doesn't matter
Making sense of freedom and responsibility
The object of this work is the interdisciplinary dialogue between natural sciences and Christian theology. The objective is to study the theological, epistemological and semantic conditions that make possible an articulation between scientific worldviews and theological discourses. In this study “to articulate” means that scientific theories and theological discourses do not share the same semantic horizon. At the same time, the verb “to articulate” implies that there is a possible mediation between scientific worldviews and systematic theology. The main thesis of this study is that an articulation between scientific worldviews and systematic theology is possible through the mediation of philosophy. Natural sciences and philosophy refer to the order of manifestation where real things appear as phenomena. Christian theology refers to the order of revelation where God communicates Himself to the human person. The relationship between these two orders can be expressed with the maxim: neither confusion nor separation. Furthermore, there is a positive formulation of that relation: revelation assumes and transfigures what is manifested. This model of relation is the fundamental theological condition that makes possible an articulation between natural sciences and theology. In addition, there is an epistemological condition: the homologous rational structure of each rational field (sciences, philosophy and theology). Based on these theological and epistemological conditions, this research work proposes a theological method that articulates scientific worldviews into systematic theology through the mediation of philosophy. The method seeks two objectives: (a) that theology remains in its epistemological boundaries and (b) to respect symmetrically the autonomy of natural sciences' procedures. Finally, the proposed method is applied to three examples: the elaboration of theological discourses, in dialogue with natural sciences, about (i) creation, (ii) human action and (iii) a spiritual contemplation of God's presence in the world. This research follows the contributions of two major scholars of the twentieth century: Jean Ladrière and Xavier Zubiri. Our considerations are based on the scholars' analyses of the plurality of epistemologies and their analyses of the intellectual act.
"Every day we seem to make and act upon all kinds of free choices - some of them trivial, and some so consequential that they may change the course of our life, or even the course of history. But are these choices really free? Or are we compelled to act the way we do by factors beyond our control? Is the feeling that we could have made different decisions just an illusion? And if our choices are not free, why should we be held morally responsible for our actions?" -- (Oxford University Press)
Unstable singularities and randomness : their importance in the complexity of physical, biological, and social sciences
Theology at Paris, 1316-1345 : Peter Auriol and the problem of divine foreknowledge and future contingents
Determinism and freedom in the age of modern science : a philosophical symposium
The individual and the cosmos in Renaissance philosophy
Rethinking responsibility
The faith of biology & the biology of faith : order, meaning, and free will in modern medical science
The Spinoza conversations between Lessing and Jacobi : text with excerpts from the ensuing controversy
De La Mettrie's ghost : the story of decisions
Free will and responsibility : a guide for practitioners
Freedom and liberation
Aristotle and Augustine on freedom : two theories of freedom, voluntary action, and akrasia
Thinking in time : an introduction to Henri Bergson
Fate, providence and moral responsibility in ancient, medieval and early modern thought : studies in honour of Carlos Steel
Freedom and moral sentiment : Hume's way of naturalizing responsibility
On determinism and freedom
The metaphysics of free will : an essay on control
Action and freedom, 2000
Free will, agency, and meaning in life
Metaphilosophy and free will
Core questions in philosophy : a text with readings
The God who acts : philosophical and theological explorations
Leibniz : nature and freedom
God, foreknowledge, and freedom
Determinism and freewill : Anthony Collins' A philosophical inquiry concerning human liberty : with a discussion of the opinions of Hobbes, Locke, Pierre Bayle, William King and Leibniz
Freedom and belief
The decision of faith : can Christian beliefs be freely chosen?
Paradoxes of free will
Erasmus and Luther : the battle over free will
Technological Determinism Revised and Reconsidered
Emotional reason : deliberation, motivation, and the nature of value
Christian theologians have historically described a 'saving faith in God' as containing a fundamental element of 'belief'. However, philosophers present strong arguments exist that we are not capable of freely deciding which beliefs we will hold. Rather, we simply find ourselves believing things as the evidence before us seems to dictate. So, if belief is indeed involuntary, and if certain beliefs are requisite for Christian faith, then how can the matter of one's salvation rest on whether one has freely put one's faith in God? After explaining this objection to the Christian affirmation that faith is a voluntary matter for which God will hold all people morally accountable, this study in philosophical theology explores how the Christian theist might respond to this objection. Kevin Kinghorn uses experimental studies within the psychological literature on self-deception to make sense of the Christian idea of 'spiritual blindness'; and argues that whether or not a person wilfully contributes to self-deception will hinge on decisions he or she makes either to embrace or avoid the truth as he or she sees it. Kinghorn then attempts to show that decisions of this type - more specifically, decisions to embrace or avoid the truth about God, wherever the truth lies - are ultimately more fundamental to the kind of relationship with God commended by the Christian religion than is the question of what a person believes. Kinghorn's conclusion is that the Christian theist can indeed rebut the objection pending against him or her, but only if he or she adopts Kinghorn's own account of the nature of faith, which provides a sharper distinction between faith and belief than is generally found in accounts of faith within the Christian tradition.
Free will and determinism : a dialogue
"Willing and killing" : a philosophical inquiry into the conditions and consequences of violenc
Four views on free will
Free will : a guide for the perplexed
The works translated here deal with two major themes in the thinking of St Augustine (354–430): free will and divine grace. On the one hand, free will enables human beings to make their own choices; on the other hand, God's grace is required for these choices to be efficacious. 'On the Free Choice of the Will', 'On Grace and Free Choice', 'On Reprimand and Grace' and 'On the Gift of Perseverance' set out Augustine's theory of human responsibility, and sketch a subtle reconciliation of will and grace. This volume is the first to bring together Augustine's early and later writings on these two themes, in a new translation by Peter King, enabling the reader to see what Augustine regarded as the crowning achievement of his work. The volume also includes a clear and accessible introduction that analyzes Augustine's key philosophical lines of thought.
Determinism and petitionary prayer in John and the Dead Sea Scrolls : ideological reading of John and the rule of community (1QS)
Consciousness : confessions of a romantic reductionist
Beast and man : the roots of human nature
Divine causality and human free choice : Domingo Báñez, physical premotion, and the controversy de Auxiliis revisited
Freedom and moral responsibility : general and Jewish perspectives
The question of free will : a holistic view
Infinity, causality and determinism : cosmological enterprises and their preconditions
Will and mechanisms
Determinism and knowledge of the future
Free Will is the ideal introduction to the topic and will be a valuable resource for scholars and students seeking to understand the importance and relevance of the concept for contemporary philosophy. --Book Jacket.
Free will as an open scientific problem
Reason without freedom : the problem of epistemic normativity
These are just some of the questions considered by Joseph Keim Campbell in this lively and accessible introduction to the concept of free will. Using a range of engaging examples, the book introduces the problems, arguments, and theories surrounding free will. Beginning with a discussion of fatalism, foreknowledge, and causal determinism, the book goes on to focus on the metaphysics of moral responsibility, free will skepticism, and skepticism about moral responsibility. Campbell shows that no matter how we look at it, free will is problematic. Thankfully there are a plethora of solutions on offer and the best of these are considered in full in the final chapter on contemporary theories of free will. This chapter includes a rigorous account of libertarianism and compatibilism as well as more nuanced views like revisionism and naturalism. --Book Jacket.
The matter of chance
Aristotle on modality and determinism
Moral responsibility : the ways of scepticism
The chief works of Benedict de Spinoza. Vol. 1, A theologico-political treatise and A political treatise
How free are You? : the determinism problem
A dialogue on free will and science
Subject and object in the study of nature
God's permission of sin : negative or conditioned decree? : a defense of the doctrine of Francisco Marin-Sola, O.P., based on the principles of Thomas Aquinas
Gregory Graybill charts the progression of Phillipp Melanchthon's position on free will and divine predestination as he shifts from agreement to an important innovation upon Martin Luther's thought and demonstrates how he came to believe that the human will does play a key role in the origins of a saving faith in Jesus Christ.
Agents, causes, and events : essays on indeterminism and free will
Bound : essays on free will and responsibility
Freedom and the will
Kant and the creation of freedom : a theological problem
An introduction to philosophical analysis
The many faces of evil : theological systems and the problems of evil
Beyond coincidence : stories of amazing coincidences and the mystery and mathemathics that lie behind them
Libertarian accounts of free will
Luck : the brilliant randomness of everyday life
The articulation between natural sciences and systematic theology : a philosophical mediation based on the contributions of Jean Ladrière and Xavier Zubiri
The dilemma of freedom and foreknowledge
Surrounding free will : philosophy, psychology, neuroscience
On the free choice of the will, On grace and free choice, and other writings
God as reason : essays in philosophical theology
Schiller and the ideal of freedom : a study of Schiller's philosophical works with chapters on Kant
Evangelical free will : Philipp Melanchthon's doctrinal journey on the origins of faith
Weakness of will from Plato to the present
"This volume showcases cutting-edge scholarship from The Big Questions in Free Will project, funded by a grant from the John Templeton Foundation and directed by Alfred R. Mele. It explores the subject of free will from the perspectives of neuroscience; social, cognitive, and developmental psychology; and philosophy (both traditional and experimental). The volume consists of fourteen new articles and an introduction from top-ranked contributors, all of whom bring fresh perspectives to the question of free will. They investigate questions such as: How do children conceive of free will and how does their concept of free will develop? How does lowered or raised confidence in the existence of free will affect our behavior? What modifies our power to resist temptation? What do lay folk mean by free will? What brain processes underlie decisions? How does the conscious experience of voluntary action contribute to the neural control of behavior? What are the neural differences between deliberate choosing and arbitrary picking? How do neuroscientific studies of decision making in monkeys bear on human free will? Is determinism compatible with free will? What can a proper understanding of causation tell us about free will? What is moral responsibility? Readers interested in the current and future direction of scholarship on free will find this volume essential reading"--
Elbow room : the varieties of free will worth wanting
The two fundamental problems of ethics
The problem of divine foreknowledge and future contingents from Aristotle to Suarez
Freedom regained : the possibility of free will
This book is about how we make choices. It is an analysis of the nature of free will, drawing together evidence from physics, chemistry, literature, politics, history and beyond." "Psychiatrist Chris Nunn explores the revolutions in medicine, genetics, bioethics and neuroscience spurred by Julien de La Mettrie's 300-year-old tract Man the Machine. Nunn concludes that a mechanistic view of the human brain, though once fruitful, is now moribund." "He proposes a powerful alternative: that stories, recorded in our memories throughout life, are the mediators of free choice. Nunn demonstrates how this original approach could reconcile the latest brain-imaging results and our seemingly contradictory intuition about decision making and responsibility.
Divine action and modern science
Downward causation and the neurobiology of free will. Understanding complex systems
Life contemplative, live practical : an essay on fatalism
Deep control : essays on free will and value
Hard luck : how luck undermines free will and moral responsibility
The tiger and the shark : empirical roots of wave-particle dualism
Free will : a very short introduction
Time and free will : an essay on the immediate data of consciousness
Indeterminacy and society
Time, will, and mental process
"The Big Questions in Free Will project was created by a five million dollar grant by the Templeton Foundation and is directed by the philosopher Alfred R. Mele. The goal of the project is to study the topic of free will from a variety of promising interdisciplinary angles, including but not limited to philosophy (traditional and experimental), neuroscience; and social, cognitive, and developmental psychology. The contents and structure of this volume reflect this agenda; it is the first volume to emerge from this new enterprise. Topics covered include children's concept of free will; the brain processes underlying decisions; the conscious experience of voluntary action and the neural control of behavior; the causal roles of conscious processes; and fresh philosophical perspectives on free will"--
On action
Autonomous agents : from self-control to autonomy
Essays on key moments in the intellectual history of the West. This book forms a major contribution to the discussion on fate, providence and moral responsibility in Antiquity, the Middle Ages and Early Modern times. Through 37 original papers, renowned scholars from many different countries, as well as a number of young and promising researchers, write the history of the philosophical problems of freedom and determinism since its origins in pre-socratic philosophy up to the seventeenth century. The main focus points are classic Antiquity (Plato and Aristotle), the Neoplatonic synthesis of lat.
The disorder of things : metaphysical foundations of the disunity of science
God's willing knowledge : the influence of Scotus' analysis of omniscience
Free will
Philosophy : a literary and conceptual approach
Freedom and determinism
Free will : a philosophical study
On Aristotle's On interpretation 9
Responsibility and the moral sentiments
The affirmation that God acts in history has roots deep within the religious traditions of the West. The God depicted in biblical narrative is by no means a detached spectator, unconcerned with the course of events in the world. Rather, God engages human beings in and through their history, shaping the destinies of individuals and communities. While this way of thinking about God has profoundly shaped the theological imagination of the biblical religions, it has become a source of persistent puzzlement in modern theology. The rise of the natural sciences has demonstrated the power of understanding our world as governed by natural law, and this poses difficult questions about how God can be understood to act in a such a world. Furthermore, a compelling set of religious and ethical objections can be urged against the idea that God performs particular actions in history; the problem of evil arises here with great force. This book brings together a group of well-known philosophers and theologians for a sharply focused exchange on these crucial questions about the God who acts.
Determinism and freedom in the age of modern science
In this examination of the questions posed by the problem of evil, John Feinberg addresses the intellectual and theological framework of theodicy. Beginning with a discussion of the logical problem of evil, he interacts with leading thinkers who have previously written on these themes.
The Oxford handbook of free will
Freedom and nature : the voluntary and the involuntary
Contingency and freedom : lectura I 39
Merit, meaning, and human bondage : an essay on free will
Women, feminism and biology : the feminist challenge
The essence of human freedom : an introduction to philosophy
Cause, mind, and reality : essays honoring C. B. Martin
Kant actively struggles with the problem of how to conceive of God's creative action in relation to human freedom. He comes to the view that human freedom can only be protected if God withdraws in certain ways from the created world. The two pillars of Kant's mature philosophy - transcendental idealism and freedom - are in part shaped and motivated by Kant's need to provide a solution to his theological problem. The medieval and early modern theological tradition conceives of divine action as unlike the action of any created being. When the creature acts, God directly causes this action, but without reducing the creature's freedom. Kant explicitly discusses and rejects this account of divine and human concursus. This rejection has significant and surprising ramifications for Kant's wider philosophy, explaining otherwise incomprehensible claims in his critical philosophy. Christopher J. Insole presents a definitive study in the history of ideas, engaging with a wide range of Kant's texts from 1749 until the early 1800s. Many of these texts have received little or no attention in Kant studies to date. Insole places Kant's thought in relation to numerous historical and traditional positions and illuminates these positions by a close engagement with recent debates in analytical philosophy and systematic theology. Kant is unrelentingly honest when grappling with the difficulty of relating divine and human freedom. This study, of Kant's theological struggle and legacy, goes to the heart of the problem in the modern reception of what the Christian tradition has affirmed about human freedom. As such, the book throws light on one of the defining fault-lines in modern theology and philosophy.
Freedom, teleology, and evil
The chief works of Benedict de Spinoza. Vol. 2
Oxford studies in agency and responsibility. Volume 2, 'Freedom and resentment' at 50
"The problem of free will arises from ordinary, commonsense reflection. Shaun Nichols examines these ordinary attitudes from a naturalistic perspective. He offers a psychological account of the origins of the problem of free will. According to his account the problem arises because of two naturally emerging ways of thinking about ourselves and the world, one of which makes determinism plausible while the other makes determinism implausible. Although contemporary cognitive science does not settle whether choices are determined, Nichols argues that our belief in indeterminist choice is grounded in faulty inference and should be regarded as unjustified. However, even if our belief in indeterminist choice is false, it's a further substantive question whether that means that free will doesn't exist. Nichols argues that, because of the flexibility of reference, there is no single answer to whether free will exists. In some contexts, it will be true to say 'free will exists'; in other contexts, it will be false to say that. With this substantive background in place, this book promotes a pragmatic approach to prescriptive issues. In some contexts, the prevailing practical considerations suggest that we should deny the existence of free will and moral responsibility; in other contexts the practical considerations suggest that we should affirm free will and moral responsibility. This allows for the possibility that in some contexts, it is morally apt to exact retributive punishment; in other contexts, it can be apt to take up the exonerating attitude of hard incompatibilism."--Jacket.
Living without free will
Erasmus in the footsteps of Paul : a Pauline theologian
Grace and the will according to Augustine
An essay on free will
