http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10280 chance
chance
Will Grayson, Will Grayson
"Discover how maths can explain and predict the vagaries of chance. Imagine this: you are browsing used books in a bookstore hundreds of miles from home when you come across a copy of Moby Dick, which you remember reading as a child. You open it and find your own name on the inside cover. What are the chances? This is the question we ask ourselves upon encountering seemingly impossible coincidences, like the woman who won the lottery four times. But from clairvoyants to financial markets, and from unique scientific discoveries to DNA evidence, if there is any likelihood that something could happen, no matter how small, it is bound to happen to someone at some time. Coupling lively anecdotes with the principles of probability, Joseph Mazur balances the fun of a great coincidence with the logical thinking of a mathematician. With a lightness of touch and a witty turn of phrase, Mazur sweeps aside pseudoscience and conspiracy theories, proving that there are rational explanations for even the most extraordinary events."--Allen & Unwin website.
Not a chance : the myth of chance in modern science and cosmology
Political contingency : studying the unexpected, the accidental, and the unforeseen
The narrative universe
Chance and structure : an essay on the logical foundations of probability
Perfect
Randomness in evolution
The christmas train
Serendipity : accidental discoveries in science
Fluke : the maths and myths of coincidences
Beyond coincidence : stories of amazing coincidences and the mystery and mathemathics that lie behind them
Supervenience and mind : selected philosophical essays
Life, only better ; Mathilde ; Yann
The power of few
Knowledge and lotteries
The chances of explanation : causal explanation in the social, medical, and physical sciences
The norm chronicles : stories and numbers about danger
Chaos theory
Empire of chance : the Napoleonic Wars and the disorder of things
A theory of physical probability
The matter of chance
Causes and coincidences
Synchronicity : the bridge between matter and mind
The drunkard's walk : how randomness rules our lives
Unstable singularities and randomness : their importance in the complexity of physical, biological, and social sciences
At the fringes of science
Why recognition of contigency is not surrenfering to contingency?
The Brooklyn follies
Fooled by randomness : the hidden role of chance in life and in the markets
The black swan : the impact of the highly improbable
The end of days
Chance and the eighteenth-century novel : realism, probability, magic
The accidental apprentice
Antifragile : things that gain from disorder
The driftless area
Scientific discoveries are constantly in the news. Almost daily we hear about new and important breakthroughs. But sometimes it turns out that what was trumpeted as scientific truth is later discredited, or controversy may long swirl about some dramatic claim. What is a nonscientist to believe? Many books debunk pseudoscience, and some others present only the scientific consensus on any given issue. In At the Fringes of Science Michael Friedlander offers a careful look at the shadowlands of science. What makes Friedlander's book especially useful is that he reviews conventional scientific method and shows how scientists examine the hard cases to determine what is science and what is pseudoscience. Emphasizing that there is no clear line of demarcation between science and nonscience, Friedlander leads the reader through case after entertaining case, covering favorites of "tabloid science" such as astrology and UFOs, scientific controversies such as cold fusion, and those maverick ideas that were at first rejected by science only to be embraced later. There are many good stories here, but there is also much learning and wisdom. Students of science and interested lay readers will come away from this book with an increased understanding of what science is, how it works, and how the nonscientist should deal with science at its fringes.
The hinge factor : how change and stupidity have changed history
The creative power of chance
The rise of statistical thinking 1820-1900
Photography and the art of chance
How to predict the unpredictable : the art of outsmarting almost everyone
God, chance, and purpose : can God have it both ways?
Chance / edited by Margaret Iversen
Hold me closer : the Tiny Cooper story. A companion to the award-winning bestseller Will Grayson, Will Grayson
Risk savvy : how to make good decisions
"Every day we seem to make and act upon all kinds of free choices - some of them trivial, and some so consequential that they may change the course of our life, or even the course of history. But are these choices really free? Or are we compelled to act the way we do by factors beyond our control? Is the feeling that we could have made different decisions just an illusion? And if our choices are not free, why should we be held morally responsible for our actions?" -- (Oxford University Press)
Ontology of the accident : an essay on destructive plasticity
"Empire of Chance examines the place of war in the history of knowledge. It argues that with the Napoleonic Wars, chance came to be installed as the basic operative principle of history. Attending to a vast array of fields and disciplines -- military theory, literature, philosophy, cartography, mathematics, and pedagogy -- the book charts the momentous shift in the thinking of war that took place around 1800. It examines the efforts to rethink the state of war as a variegated epistemic regime of chance events, contingencies, conjectures, and probabilities, and it tells the story of the inventions devised to handle and manage it. Juxtaposing traditional philosophy and military theory, literature and cartography, war games and historiography, knowledge and poetics, Engberg-Pedersen reveals how the Napoleonic Wars served as a catalyst for the emergence of a worldly thought that turns its attention outward to the flux of the empirical world in order to come to grips with the pervasive disorder of things. War came to be conceived not as an exceptional state, but as a cipher of modernity"--
The Taming of change
Tout à coup! = Suddenly!
The coincidence authority
The coincidence engine
A guide to making better decisions with our money, health and personal lives. This book shows how we can all use simple rules to become better-informed, risk-savvy citizens.
Hard luck : how luck undermines free will and moral responsibility
Arb SE in some non-finite contexts of Spanish and Portugese : reconsidering a puzzling problem
Hateship, friendship, courtship, loveship, marriage
Roles of demography and natural selection in molecular evolution of trees, focus on Pinus sylvestris
Ikigami : The ultimate limit. 7
Dice of the gods : causality, necessity and chance
Complexity : life at the edge of chaos
Sparks and embers
"John Tyler Bonner, one of our most distinguished and insightful biologists, here challenges a central tenet of evolutionary biology. In this concise, elegantly written book, he makes the bold and provocative claim that some biological diversity may be explained by something other than natural selection. With his customary wit and accessible style, Bonner makes an argument for the underappreciated role that randomness--or chance--plays in evolution. Due to the tremendous and enduring influence of Darwin's natural selection, the importance of randomness has been to some extent overshadowed. Bonner shows how the effects of randomness differ for organisms of different sizes, and how the smaller an organism is, the more likely it is that morphological differences will be random and selection may not be involved to any degree. He traces the increase in size and complexity of organisms over geological time, and looks at the varying significance of randomness at different size levels, from microorganisms to large mammals. Bonner also discusses how sexual cycles vary depending on size and complexity, and how the trend away from randomness in higher forms has even been reversed in some social organisms. Certain to provoke lively discussion, Randomness in Evolution is a book that may fundamentally change our understanding of evolution and the history of life"--
The Brooklyn follies : a novel
The improbability principle : why incredibly unlikely things keep happening
Genetic algorithms
The stone diaries
Antifragile : how to live in a world we don't understand
The rupture of time : synchronicity and Jung's critique of modern Western culture
Oracle night
The philosophy of luck
Shot through the heart : a D I Grace Fisher thriller
Design process of AirLoop-pedal : experimenting with standard guitar pedals
The wedding day
Pragmatics and empiricism
Charlotte street
Accident : a philosophical and literary history
Ikigami : The ultimate limit. 8
Chance, literature, and culture in early modern France
No ordinary patchwork : an exploration of the possibilities of collage art in fashion design
The luck of the draw : the role of lotteries in decision-making
Luck : the brilliant randomness of everyday life
Chance in biology : using probability to explore nature
Himmler's cook
Politics and uncertainty : theory, models and applications
The improbability principle : why coincidences, miracles and rare events happen all the time
Fooled by randomness : the hidden role of chance in the markets and in life
The Andalucian friend
Free will : a very short introduction
Serendipity in anthropological research : the nomadic turn
Morality, moral luck, and responsibility : fortune's web
The Modern revolution in physics
The travels and adventures of serendipity : a study in sociological semantics and the sociology of science
