http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10265 sacrificing
sacrificing
Bride of the water god. 15
Dexter in the dark
Sacrifice and the body : biblical anthropology and Christian self-understanding
Kinship and killing : the animal in world religions
The Vedic religion : or, the creed and practice of the Indo-Aryans three thousand years ago
Jesus and His sacrifice : a study of the passion-sayings in the Gospels
Sacred killing : the archaeology of sacrifice in the ancient Near East
Atonement and violence : a theological conversation
Homo necans : the anthropology of Ancient Greek sacrificial ritual and myth
Sacrifice, scripture, and substitution : readings in ancient Judaism and Christianity
Bride of the Water God. 4
Ceremony in death
The strange world of human sacrifice
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. 5, 2, Spirits of the corn and of the wild
Demanding our attention : the Hebrew Bible as a source for Christian ethics
Bride of the water god. 17
Before the troubled water god and his beautiful human bride can consummate their love, the barricades surrounding the lunar palace are breached.
Servant of the Underworld
Sacrificing people : invasions of a tribal landscape
No humans involved
Reflections on resemblance, ritual, and religion
Abstract.
The horse sacrifice in the Pātālakhanda of the Padmapurāna
For the sake of our future : sacrificing in eastern Indonesia
The actuality of sacrifice : past and present
Of summits and sacrifice : an ethnohistoric study of Inka religious practices
The ritual killing and burial of animals : European perspectives
Speaking in bones
Burning money : the material spirit of the Chinese lifeworld
The archaeology of ritual and magic
An investigation of the multiple meanings and functions of sacrifice in diverse religious texts and practices from the late Hellenistic and Roman imperial periods.
The rhetoric of violence and sacrifice in fascist Italy : Mussolini, Gadda, Vittorini
Abraham's sacrifice in the Qur'an : beyond the body
For every case Temperence Brennan has solved, there remain innumerable unidentified bodies in her lab. Information on some of these is available online, where amateur sleuths sometimes take a stab at solving cases. One day, Tempe gets a call from Hazel "Lucky" Strike, a web sleuth who believes she's successfully connected a body in Tempe's lab to a missing persons report on an eighteen-year-old named Cora Teague. Since the bones in her lab do seem to match Cora's medical records, Tempe looks into the case, returning to the spot where the bones were originally found. What seems at first to be an isolated tragedy takes on a more sinister cast as Tempe uncovers two more sets of bones nearby. When she then learns that the area is known as a viewing point for a famous unexplained light phenomenon with significance for a local cult, Tempe's suspicious turn to murder by ritual sacrifice -- a theory thrown into question when Hazel herself turns up dead. Still reeling from her mother's diagnosis and the shock of Andrew Ryan's potentially life-change proposal, Tempe races to solve the murders before the body count climbs further / WorldCat.
This book is a vivid reconstruction of the practical aspects of ancient Egyptian religion. Through an examination of artifacts and inscriptions, the text explores a variety of issues. For example, who was allowed to enter the temples, and what rituals were preformed therein? Who served as priests? How were they organized and trained, and what did they do? What was the Egyptians,♯ ḁttitude toward death, and what happened at funerals? How did the living and dead communicate? In what ways could people communicate with the gods? What impact did religion have on the economy and longevity of the society? This book demystifies Egyptian religion, exploring what it meant to the people and society. The text is richly illustrated with images of rituals and religious objects.
Rice and Barley offerings in the Veda
Bride of the water god. 16
The new golden bough : a new abridgment of the classic work
Myth, cosmos, and society : Indo-European themes of creation and destruction
The sacrificed body : Balkan community building and the fear of freedom
Bound by the Bible : Jews, Christians and the sacrifice of Isaac
The term "sacrifice" belies what is a complex and varied transhistorical and transcultural phenomenon. Bringing together scholars from such diverse fields as anthropology, archaeology, epigraphy, literature, and theology, Diversity of Sacrifice explores sacrificial practices across a range of contexts from prehistory to the present. Incorporating theory, material culture, and textual evidence, the volume seeks to consider new and divergent data related to contexts of sacrifice that can help broaden our field of vision while raising new questions. The essays contributed here move beyond reductive and simple explanations to explore complex areas of social interaction. Sacrifice plays a key role in the overlapping sacred and secular spheres for a number of societies in the past and present. How religious beliefs and practices can be integral parts of life on individual and community levels is of fundamental importance to understanding the past and present. In addition to aiding scholarly research, Diversity of Sacrifice enables students to explore this rich theme across Europe and the Mediterranean with clear discussions of theory and data.
Speaking in bones : a novel
Diversity of Sacrifice : form and function of sacrificial practices in the ancient world and beyond
Atonement and self-sacrifice in nineteenth-century narrative
Blood libel in late imperial Russia : the ritual murder trial of Mendel Beilis
A study of animal sacrifice within Greek paganism, Judaism, and Christianity during the period of their interaction between about 100 BC and AD 200. After a vivid account of the realities of sacrifice in the Greek East and in the Jerusalem Temple (up to AD 70), Maria-Zoe Petropoulou explores the attitudes of early Christians towards this practice. Contrary to other studies in this area, she demonstrates that the process by which Christianity finally separated its own cultic code from the strong tradition of animal sacrifice was a slow and difficult one. Petropoulou places special emphasis on the fact that Christians gave completely new meanings to the term 'sacrifice'. She also explores the question why, if animal sacrifice was of prime importance in the eastern Mediterranean at this time, Christians should ultimately have rejected it.
A year after arresting Jason Medina for the rape and murder of his step-daughter, Detective Inspector Amaia Salazar has one last duty to complete before starting her maternity leave attending Medina's trial. Then the trial is suddenly called off.
Bride of the Water God. 11
Bride of the Water God. 5
The work of Christ
The cuisine of sacrifice among the Greeks
After Dionysus : a theory of the tragic
Bride of the water god. 12
The interpretation of animal sacrifice, now considered the most important ancient Greek and Roman religious ritual, has long been dominated by the views of Walter Burkert, the late J.-P. Vernant, and Marcel Detienne. No penetrating and general critique of their views has appeared and, in particular, no critique of the application of these views to Roman religion. Nor has any critique dealt with the use of literary and visual sources by these writers. This book, a collection of essays by leading scholars, incorporates all these subjects and provides a theoretical background for the study of animal sacrifice in an ancient context
Raising Abel : the recovery of eschatological imagination
"With jealous schemers in both the realm of the gods and on earth working against them, former water god Habaek and his human lover Soah will not only have to struggle to stay together--but to stay alive as well! Although they've fled to earth, our star-crossed couple can't avoid becoming entangled in a civil war raging in the realm of the gods, with the current power-hungry and malicious emperor manipulating those around him to get Habaek to fight on his side towards a path of darkness!"--Back cover.
Animal sacrifice in ancient Greek religion, Judaism, and Christianity, 100 BC to AD 200
Anthropology and theology
Stories about posts : Vedic variations around the Hindu goddess
Religion : a humanist interpretation
Contexts of offerings and ritual maize in the pictographic record in Central Mexico
Concept of Jātavedas in Vedic literature
Burning women : a global history of widow sacrifice from ancient times to the present
Sacrifice in Joseph Conrad's Nostromo
The Legacy of the Bones
The Virgin Mary, monotheism, and sacrifice
Ritual sacrifice : an illustrated history
Animal Victims in Modern Fiction : from Sanctity to Sacrifice
Jan-Melissa Schramm explores the conflicted attitude of the Victorian novel to sacrifice, and the act of substitution on which it depends. The Christian idea of redemption celebrated the suffering of the innocent: to embrace a life of metaphorical self-sacrifice was to follow in the footsteps of Christ's literal Passion. Moreover, the ethical agenda of fiction relied on the expansion of sympathy which imaginative substitution was seen to encourage. But Victorian criminal law sought to calibrate punishment and culpability as it repudiated archaic models of sacrifice that scapegoated the innocent. The tension between these models is registered creatively in the fiction of novelists such as Dickens, Gaskell and Eliot, at a time when acts of Chartist protest, national sacrifices made during the Crimean War, and the extension of the franchise combined to call into question what it means for one man to 'stand for', and perhaps even 'die for', another.
Greek and Roman animal sacrifice : ancient victims, modern observers
Religion and ritual in ancient Egypt
King Manasseh and child sacrifice : biblical distortions of historical realities
Cooking the world : ritual and thought in ancient India
Theology and the first theory of sacrifice
God and the gift : an ecumenical theology of giving
What is sacrifice? For many people today the word has negative overtones, suggesting loss, or death, or violence. But in religions, ancient and modern, the word is linked primarily to joyous feasting which puts people in touch with the deepest realities. How has that change of meaning come about? What effect does it have on the way we think about Christianity? How does it affect the way Christian believers think about themselves and God?John Dunnill's study focuses on sacrifice as a physical event uniting worshippers to deity. Bringing together insights from social anthropology, biblical studies and Trinitarian theology, Dunnill links to debates in sociology and cultural studies, as well as the study of liturgy. Through a positive view of sacrifice, Dunnill contributes to contemporary Christian debates on atonement and salvation.
Bride of the Water God. [Volume 1]
Kurban in the Balkans
Bride of the Water God. [Volume 3]
Bride of the Water God. 7
Bride of the Water God. 9
Bride of the Water God. [Volume 2]
Hjortspring : warfare and sacrifice in early Europe
Sacrifice imagined : violence, atonement, and the sacred
The passage of arms : an archaeological analysis of prehistoric hoards and votive deposits
Ritual and metaphor : sacrifice in the Bible
Understanding religious sacrifice : a reader
Bride of the Water God. 8
Sex Vestae sacerdotes : what did they represent?
Cannibal talk : the man-eating myth and human sacrifice in the South Seas
Life as a mortal is horrifying and hazardous for the former water god Habaek. His fragile human form has been cursed by a jealous goddess, and his vengeful mother--unaware of his sincere love for Soah--seeks to kill his human bride! While his mother wishes to pull Habaek back into the realm of the gods, another goddess simply wants to see Habaek and Soah suffer on earth. And other envious humans and gods bring further problems to the star-crossed lovers.
Ritual and sacrifice in the ancient Near East : proceedings of the international conference organized by the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven from the 17th to the 20th of April 1991
The ambivalence of sacrifice
Opus : meždisciplinarnye issledovaniâ v arheologii = Opus : interdisciplinary investigation in archaeology. Vyp. = Vol. 3
Exchange and sacrifice
Sacrifice unveiled : true meaning of Christian sacrifice
Sacrifice in religious experience
Blood rite : the feast of St. Martin in Ireland
Cooking for the gods : the art of home ritual i Bengal : catalogue
The ancestral lords : gender, descent, and spirits in a northern Thai village
Hindu mysticism
Śrautakośaḥ : Śrautayajñānuṣaṅgikavacanasaṅkalanarūpaḥ śrautasūtrānuvādarūpaśca = Śrautakośa ; encyclopaedia of Vedic sacrificial ritual comprising the two complementary sections, namely, the Sanskrit section and the English section
Dreams of the burning child : sacrificial sons and the father's witness
Early medieval religion
The hallowed hunt : a novel
Latin American indigenous warfare and ritual violence
Bride of the water god. Volume 13
Bride of the Water God. 10
Sacrifice : its nature and function
Approaches to sacrifice in selected African ethnography
The use of sacrificial ideas in Greek Christian writers from the New Testament to John Chrysostom
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. 5, 1, Spirits of the corn and of the wild
Beyond sacred violence : a comparative study of sacrifice
Bride of the water god. Vol. 14
Feeding the dead : ancestor worship in ancient India
Master of the house of darts
The blood sacrifice complex
Girard and theology
Industrial religion : the saucer pyres of the Athenian Agora
Christian sacrifice : the Judaeo-Christian background before Origen
Bride of the Water God. 6
Ritual, politics and mentality : the Nenets and Ob-Ugrians of Siberia
The hallowed hunt
The question of sacrifice
The Christian rejection of animal sacrifice
Changes
Imagining Jesus, with food
Greek sacrificial ritual, Olympian and Chthonian : proceedings of the Sixth International Seminar on Ancient Greek Cult
The head beneath the altar : Hindu mythology and the critique of sacrifice
