http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10217 dance works
dance works
Power mover 2012.
In the spring of 1961 Simone Forti presented a program titled Five Dance Constructions and Some Other Things in a concert series organized by her friend, composer La Monte Young, at the New York loft studio of Yoko Ono.   These radically new dances created circumstances for the performers' direct, non-stylistic actions.   Each of the pieces was performed in a different place in the loft, with the audience moving from location to location to view them.   Some of the pieces required elementary structures – a hanging rope, rectangular wooden boxes – which were placed throughout the loft like a sculptural installation.  In 2004 the Museum of Contemporary Art in Los Angeles invited Forti to re-create these dance constructions at the Geffen Contemporary space, in conjunction with the exhibition A Minimalist Future? Art as Object 1958 – 1986.   This DVD documents that evening and includes Huddle, Slant Board, Platforms, See Saw, Roller Boxes and Accompaniment for La Monte's 2 sounds and La Monte's 2 sounds.   The soundtrack of La Monte Young's 2 Sounds has been re-mastered and the composer's notes accompany the video. In addition there is a question and answer session with Forti at the conclusion of the performances.
Akram Khan's Rush : creative insights
Forgeries, love and other matters
The dance vocabulary of classical India
Moving together : theorizing and making contemporary dance
Drumming & Rain : a choreographer's score
Visitors only
Ungoverning Dance examines the work of progressive contemporary dance artists in continental Europe from the mid 1990s to 2015. Placing this within its historical and political context - that of neoliberalism and austerity - it argues that these artists have developed an ethico-aesthetic approach that uses dance practices as sites of resistance against dominant ideologies, and that their works attest to the persistence of alternative ways of thinking and living. In response to the way that the radical values informing their work are continually under attack from neoliberalism, these artists recognise that they in effect share common pool resources. Thus, while contemporary dance has been turned into a market, they nevertheless value the extent to which it functions as a commons. Work that does this, it argues, ungoverns dance. Theoretically, the book begins with a discussion of dance in relation to neoliberalism and post-Fordism, and then develops an account of ethico-aesthetics in choreography drawing in particular on the work of Emmanuelle Levinas and its adaptation by Maurice Blanchot. It also explores ethics from the point of view of affect theory drawing on the work of Erin Manning and Brian Massumi. These philosophical ideas inform close readings of works from the 1990s and 2000s by two generations of European-based dance artists: that of Jerome Bel, Jonathan Burrows, La Ribot, and Xavier Le Roy who began showing work in the 1990s; and that of artists who emerged in the 2000s including Fabian Barba, Faustin Linyekula, Ivana Muller, and Nikolina Pristas. Topics examined include dance and precarious life, choreographing friendship, re-performance, the virtual in dance, and a dancer's experience of the Egyptian revolution. Ungoverning Dance proposes new ways of understanding recent contemporary European dance works by making connections with their social, political, and theoretical contexts.
Emotions in man : an interactive dance DVD
Dance Theatre of Harlem
Ballroom dancing : step-by-step
Argentine tango : a guide to basics and beyond (part 1)
Rudolf Laban : man of theatre
Do animals cry
Ballet and modern dance
Points in space
Jasmin Vardimon's Dance Theatre offers an unusual, intimate insight into the devising and training processes of a choreographer in the midst of her practice. Libby Worth and Jasmin Vardimon take a collaborative approach to recording and exploring the working processes of Vardimon and her company, chronicling the development of specific productions rather than offering a single choreographic blueprint. Focusing on the techniques, strategies and creative activities necessitated by each project, Worth and Vardimon address: The initial 'triggers' which lead to research, expansion, and performance; The social, political and psychological content of Vardimon's work; The relationship between accessibility of content and complexity of ideas; Drawing on texts to enhance and shape a piece of dance work; The editing process, and its inherent messiness; The contribution of a company's different voices and viewpoints to the development of a production. Based on extended conversations and interviews, this highly illustrated, full-colour volume is a unique reflection on Jasmin Vardimon's vibrant, continually developing practice. It is a must-read for students and practitioners of dance and physical theatre
Anarchic dance
World Dancesport Federation: paso doble
Mr Wiggles : the menu. Volume four
World Dancesport Federation: tango
Looking at contemporary dance : a guide for the internet age
Park Avenue Armory Event
Dancers
Watching Weimar dance asks what audiences saw in the peculiarly turbulent and febrile moment of the Weimar Republic. It closely analyses the reception of various performances, from cabaret to concert dance and experimental theatre, in their own time and place - at home in interwar Germany, on tour, and later returning from exile after World War II. Spectator reports that performers died or became half-machine archived not only the physicality of past performance, but also the ways audiences used the temporary world of the stage to negotiate pressing social issues, from female visibility within commodity culture to the functioning of human-machine hybrids in an era of increasing technologization. These accounts offer offer limit cases for the body on stage and, in so doing, speak to the preoccupations of the day. Approaching a range of performance artists, including Oskar Schlemmer, Valeska Gert, Kurt Jooss, Mary Wigman, Bertolt Brecht, Anita Berber, and the Tiller Girl troupes, through archives of watching, the reception of these performances also revises and complicates understandings of Ausdruckstanz as the representative dance of this moment in Germany. They further reveal how such practices came to be reconfigured and imbued with new significance in the post-war era. By bringing insights from theatre, dance, and performance studies to German cultural studies, and vice versa, Watching Weimar Dance develops a culturally-situated model of watching that not only offers a revisionist narrative, but also demonstrates new methods for dance scholarship to shape cultural history.
Inside tap : technique and improvisation for today ́s tap dancer
In an artistic career spanning five decades, and for which he was best known as poet, artist, dramatist, designer and film-maker, Jean Cocteau was also involved, directly and indirectly, with nearly twenty ballets. While he was not in the strictest sense a choreographer, his infl uence on such works as Parade, Le Jeune homme et la mort, Orphee, and La Dame a la licorne was all pervasive – from the "poesie" of the dramatic action, to lighting, to costume and set design. His creations, in collaboration with composers and choreographers, were fully integrated theatre pieces. Frank Ries has researched all of Cocteau's ballets and, using interviews, Cocteau's own writings, reviews and critiques – some of which have never before been translated – presents this survey and analysis of Cocteau's involvement in the world of dance.
Simone Forti : thinking with the body
Dance on its own terms : histories and methodologies
Tearing tulles : a postmodern reading of Ballet pathétique
Through the back : situating vision between moving bodies
Musical notations for dance teachers
Trisha Brown : early works 1966-1979
Power mover 2010.
Karanas : cosmic Shiva 108 Bharatha poses
International encyclopedia of dance : a project of Dance Perspectives Foundation, Inc.. Volume 5
World Dancesport Federation: jive
International encyclopedia of dance : a project of Dance Perspectives Foundation, Inc.. Volume 3
Mr Wiggles : the menu. Volume six
Dance 2wice
A collection of essays, lectures and notes that reveals the inspiration behind the choreography of modern dance founder Doris Humphrey. It also features the notes made before and during the making of forty-one of her dances that show how she put her choreographic principles and world view into dance.
Using the sky : a dance
Reading dance : a gathering of memoirs, reportage, criticism, profiles, interviews, and some uncategorizable extras
Dance production : design and technology
The Judson Church horse dance : selections from Mike Kelley's Day is done and The Offer (Extracurricular activity projective reconstruction #33)
International encyclopedia of dance : a project of Dance Perspectives Foundation, Inc.. Volume 2
Jasmin Vardimon's dance theatre : movement, memory and metaphor
Mr Wiggles : the menu. Volume one
Encyclopedia of theatre dance in Canada = Encyclopédie de la danse théâtrale au Canada
Yvonne Rainer : The Mind is a Muscle
Transmission in motion : the technologizing of dance
Dance Production: Design and Technology introduces you to the skills you need to plan, design, and execute the technical aspects of a dance production. While it may not seem that staging a dance production is that different from a play or musical, in reality a dance performance offers up unique intricacies and challenges all its own, from scenery that accommodates choreography, to lighting design that sculpts the body, and costumes that complement movement. This unique book approaches the process of staging a dance production from a balanced perspective, making it an essential resource for dancers and designers alike. Covering a broad range of topics, author Jeromy Hopgood takes the reader through the process of producing dance from start to finish - including pre-production planning (collaboration, production process, personnel, performance spaces), design disciplines (lighting, sound, scenery, costumes, projections), stage management, and more. Bridging the gap between theatrical and dance design, the book includes a quick reference guide for theatrical and dance terminology, useful in giving dancers and designers a common working vocabulary that will ensure productive communication across the different fields.
The Pina Bausch Foundation started their work of carrying the artistic heritage of dancer and choreographer Pina Bausch into the future. This book reflects discussions and questions aroused by her work: How to archive dance? How to deal with the performative heritage at the outset of the 21st century? How to describe the performativity of remembering? And finally, what is the task of an archive for tomorrow, an archive to serve as a workshop for the future? Furthermore, "Inheriting Dance" provides profound insight into the practical work of the Pina Bausch Foundation, on a local, national and global level, aiming at an archive as a place of transformation, exchange, creative production, and artistic practice, similar to an abundantly growing garden. A place for future generations of dancers, artists, non-professionals, and scholars.
Choreographing problems : expressive concepts in european contemporary dance and performance
Dirty dancing : official dance workout
The Spheres of Being project was conducted during the last year of my master studies in the Theatre Academy  (TeaK), and was a result of combining the knowledge from different areas like pedagogy, psychology, medicine  and art, together with personal experiences and observations on human development. The theme of integration  was strongly related to the personal processes that I have gone through during last couple of years. This creative  work on the border of art and therapy gave a scent of beauty and healing to the performers and to the audience.  The artistic project began in September 2013 and was finalized with the premiere on the 15th of January 2014.  The first part of rehearsals was in a form of creative workshop, whereas the second part focused on creating the  performance.  The main idea of The Spheres of Being project was to work on personal stories, changing them into abstract forms;  and by the creative outcome, allow the sub consciousness come into action. Given tasks were to challenge certain  states of being in order to experience transformation and farther the healing. Using different methods like physical  theatre, contact improvisation, butoh; combining voice and breath with movement, working with rhythm and text,  together gave tools for the stage composition.  The major themes of the written work are: separation and isolation as reasons of disconnection on personal and  social level; transformative personal processes toward integrity; and the problem of identity as an important  aspect in the process of becoming whole.  Parallel to these themes connections and relations are the key points for integrative processes. Vulnerability and  the act of trust, which results in decision making of stepping out from the comfort zone to unknown, gives a  chance to experience change and freedom from the self. It also breaks the chains of isolation.  Spheres of Being as an interdisciplinary work, brought different professions, cultures and languages together.  Performers were supposed to break boundaries of their own skills and move beyond them in order to connect with  different art fields.  The Spheres or balls are present on the stage and are the representation of Kierkegaard's philosophy on the  Spheres of Existence. The colours are meaningful in this work. They are following the physical low of RGB model,  representation of additive colour mixing.  This thesis helps to answer the questions: how traumas affect personality toward isolation and separation, and  how the process of transformation usually with an inner struggle and experienced moment of a break through  leads to integration and wholeness.
Cursive II : a ballet by Lin Hwai-min for the Cloud Gate Dance Theatre of Taiwan
Blessed
Tiivistelmä - Finnish abstract.
Mr Wiggles : the menu. Volume nine
Rush was the first group piece made by Akram Khan, already a celebrated young solo performer whose unique Contemporary Kathak style had won critical and popular acclaim. Rush was pivotal in establishing Khan's own company and launched him on a meteoric and international career. This book provides an insight into the creation of Rush. Part 1 provides biographical information on Khan and his collaborators, composer Andy Cowton and lighting designer Michael Hulls. Part 2 explores the background context of Kathak and the development of South Asian dance in the UK. Part 3 gives insight into the starting points for Rush and outlines the contributions of choreography, music, and lighting. Pnd part 4 lays out an analytical overview of Rush and suggests a range of practical and theoretical tasks for use with the piece in an educational context.
Martha Hill and the making of American dance
International encyclopedia of dance : a project of Dance Perspectives Foundation, Inc.. Volume 1
Assign & arrange : methodologies of presentation in art and dance
The dance theatre of Jean Cocteau
A choreographer's score : Fase, Rosas danst Rosas, Elena's aria, Bartók
An evening of dance constructions
World Dancesport Federation: slow fox
Dancing texts : intertextuality in interpretation
The pedagogy of recognition : dancing identity and mutuality
Inheriting dance : an invitation from Pina
Building dances
Labanotation workbook : part II. 1, Part II
Includes dance performances and conversations with Garry Stewart, artistic director of ADT, Gina Czarnecki, video projection (Devolution), Louis-Philippe Demers, robotics (Devolution),   Anouk van Dijk, artistic director, and Goyi Tangale, artistic director of Wanted Posse.   In Devolution Garry Stewart collaborated with Canadian multi-disciplinary artist Louis-Philippe Demers, UK video artist Gina Czarnecki and London based costume designer Georg Meyer-Wiel   to create an unique world the likes of which Australian theatre has never produced before.   Situating humans in communion with multiple robotic machines of both large and medium scale, a large scale robotic, kinetic set and lighting design, a multitude of robotic prostheses   and ambulating robotic constructs as well as extraordinary video art, Devolution redefines the relationship between machine and body.   Anouk van Dijk discusses her dance work titled Stau. France's astonishing Wanted Posse perform their electric production Bad Moves-a showcase of what the body is   capable of doing 'when scored to melodious beats', in a surreal world of humanoids, living in a parallel universe.
The English dancing master, or, Plaine and easie rules for the dancing of country dances, with the tune of each dance
World Dancesport Federation: cha cha cha
Butoh : metamorphic dance and global alchemy / Sondra Fraleigh
Dance as a project of the early modern avantgarde : an analysis of three Western expressive dance works created between 1900 and 1920 and their cultural implications
Mike Kelley's The Judson Church Horse Dance - selections from Mike Kelley's Day Is Done and The Offer (Extracurricular Activity Projective Reconstruction #33) -   is a staged performance with music that was presented at the Judson Memorial Church, New York City, in 2009.   This is the complete recording of that event which includes The Judson Church Horse Dance, The Horse Dance of the False Virgin,   and live performances of original instrumental soundtrack music from Kelley's previous video Day Is Done.   The event was also the premiere of The Offer (Extracurricular Activity Projective Reconstruction #33), a composition for 12 horns and vocalist.   Music is composed by Mike Kelley and Scott Benzel. Choreography is by Kate Foley and Mike Kelley.
It's not funny
In this ceaselessly questioning book, acclaimed African American dancer, choreographer, and director Bill T. Jones reflects on his art and life as he describes the genesis of Story/Time, a recent dance work produced by his company and inspired by the modernist composer and performer John Cage. Presenting personally revealing stories, richly illustrated with striking color photographs of the work's original stage production, and featuring a beautiful, large-format design, the book is a work of art in itself.
Story/Time : the life of an idea
The dance experience : insights into history, culture, and creativity
International encyclopedia of dance : a project of Dance Perspectives Foundation, Inc.. Volume 6
Kontakthof : with Ladies and Gentlemen over "65" = mit Damen und Herren ab "65" = avec des dames et messieurs au-dessus de "65" ans = con signore e signori oltre "65" anni
The fiddle and the drum
No time to fly 2010 : a solo dance score
Robert Rauschenberg collaborations
Watching Weimar dance
Soft is fast : Simone Forti in the 1960s and after
Are we here yet?
New dance : writings on modern dance
World Dancesport Federation: quick step
Merce Cunningham collection. Volume I
World Dancesport Federation: waltz
Mr Wiggles : the menu. Volume seven
The art of making dances
Ungoverning dance : contemporary European theatre dance and the commons
Mr Wiggles : the menu. Volume five
Bandoneon: Working with Pina Bausch is a new translation of Raimund Hoghe's original rehearsal diary that documented the legendary Tanztheater Wuppertal's work on Bandoneon (1980), illustrated with photos of the production by Ulli Weiss, and personal images and notes from the dancers. This unique book records the method Pina Bausch developed and used, as seen by one of her close collaborators, Raimund Hoghe, who worked as dramaturg for the company for a decade (1979–1989). It follows the work from the first day in rehearsals to its premiere, chronicling the process with artistic sensibility – Bausch's famous questions, the dancers' responses and Hoghe's own reflections as the piece develops. This important document sees its first English language publication, and is succinctly translated from the German by Penny Black. The diary is accompanied by an Introduction and A Portrait by Katalin Trencsenyi, following Hoghe's journey from being a journalist to becoming an internationally acknowledged dancer-choreographer.
German lineage in modern dance
A technique of advanced Latin-American figures
The Oxford dictionary of dance
Making music for modern dance : collaboration in the formative years of a new American art
How can various technologies, from the more conventional to the very new, be used to archive, share and understand dance movement? How can they become part of new ways of creating dance? What does this tell us about the ways in which technology is part of how we make sense and think? Well-known choreographers and dance collectives including William Forsythe, Siohban Davis, Merce Cunningham, Anne Teresa De Keersmaeker and BADco. have initiated projects to investigate these questions, and in so doing have inaugurated a new era for dance archives, education, research and creation. Their work draws attention to the intimate relationship between the technologies we use and the ways in which we think, perceive, and make sense. Transmission in Motion examines these extraordinary projects 'from the inside', presenting in-depth analyses by the practitioners, artists and collectives involved in their development. These studies are framed by scholarly reflection, illuminating the significance of these projects in the context of current debates on dance, the (multi-media) archive, immaterial cultural heritage and copyright, embodied cognition, education, media culture and the knowledge society.
World Dancesport Federation: viennese waltz
World Dancesport Federation: samba
The dance, art and ritual of Africa
Thinking through dance explores important philosophical questions raised in and by dance. Its themes include the embodiment and personhood of dancers; issues of dance work ontology and performance identity; how dance is perceived and understood; the relevance of philosophy to dance as an artform; and whether dance itself, or its associated practices, are themselves philosophical in any significant sense. Individual essays draw on different philosophical traditions, including analytic, phenomenological and poststructuralist, and the primary focus is on theatre dance in the Western tradition, although the issues discussed have a much broader sweep. The volume poses fundamental questions about what it means to be or witness a dancer moving, about the nature of choreography, dance works and performances, and about the interest and value of a dialogue between philosophy and dance. The philosophy of dance is a burgeoning field of enquiry and this volume seeks to represent something of the breadth of international research currently underway. It draws together contributors who are professional philosophers, dance scholars and dance practitioners (in some cases, people combine these roles), from Britain, continental Europe, the USA and South Africa. As the first anthology of essays about philosophy and dance to be published in English for some time, the aim is to provoke debate and develop the existing reflection on dance, but in new and invigorating directions.
How to do things with dance : performing change in postwar America
Docudancing griefscapes : choreographic strategies for embodying traumatic contexts in the trilogy Life & Death
En atendant & Cesena : a choreographer's score
Built to last
The A - Z of scrutineering for ballroom dancing
Turns & turn combos
Choreographing Problems: Expressive Concepts in European Contemporary Dance and Performance illuminates the relationship between the philosophy of Gilles Deleuze and experimental dance and performance in the works of leading European choreographers, Xavier Le Roy, Jonathan Burrows, Boris Charmatz, Eszter Salamon, Mette Ingvartsen, Jefta van Dinther, and Jan Ritsema. Combining intricate analysis of seven groundbreaking works, including Self Unfinished by Le Roy (1998) and Weak Dance Strong Questions (2001) by Burrows and Ritsema, with a philosophical discussion of the body, movement and time in performance, as well as the notions of theatricality, affect, improvisation and process, the capacity of choreography to 'express' thought is unravelled. Choreographing problems involves composing ruptures between movement, the body and duration in performance such that they engender a shock upon sensibility, one that inhibits recognition. This book offers a practical insight into the matters of choreography: it allows both the versed and the non-trained spectator to observe in detail how the thought and the practices of making, performing and attending reinvent performance and dance today.
Preserving dance across time and space
Mr Wiggles : the menu. Volume three
The ballet goer's guide
Mr Wiggles : the menu. Volume ten
In the mid 1990's Deborah Hay's work took a new turn. From her early experiments with untrained dancers, and after a decade of focusing on solo work, the choreographer began to explore new grounds of choreographic notation and transmission by working with experienced performers and choreographers. Using the Sky: a dance follows a similar path as Hay's previous books - Lamb at the Altar and My Body the Buddhist - by exploring her unrelenting quest for ways to both define and rethink her choreographic imagery through a broad range of alternately intimate, descriptive, poetic, analytical and often playful engagement with language and writing. This book is a reflection on the experiments that Hay set up for herself and her collaborators, and the ideas she discovered while choreographing four dances, If I Sing to You (2008), No Time to Fly (2010), A Lecture on the Performance of Beauty (2003), and the solo My Choreographed Body (2014). The works are revisited by unfolding a trove of notes and journal entries, resulting in a dance score in its own right, and providing an insight into Hay's extensive legacy and her profound influence on the current conversations in contemporary performance arts.
Akrem Khan: Dancing New Interculturalism analyses the relationship between this seminal British-Asian choreographer's complex identity-positions and his art through the lens of 'new interculturalism'. Through seven key case studies from Khan's oeuvre, this book demonstrates how Khan's philosophy and aesthetic of 'new interculturalism' is a challenge to the 1980s predominantly western 'intercultural theatre' project, as a more nuanced and embodied approach to representing Othernesses, from his own position of the Other. Additionally, the book challenges popular perception of Khan's art as contemporary South Asian dance by suggesting that, instead, Khan uses South Asian dramaturgical principles to transform the western contemporary dance landscape in intercultural ways. Offering the first full-length investigation of Akram Khan's work, this book is essential reading for students, researchers, practitioners and fans of Khan's work".
Videoda : contact improvisation archive : collected edition 1972-1983
Decentring dancing texts : the challenge of interpreting dances
Is this art?. Episode 14, Robotics, intimacy & melodious beats
Thinking through dance : the philosophy of dance performance and practices
Bandoneon! : working with Pina Bausch
World Dancesport Federation: rumba
The spheres of being as a transformative journey  toward integrity : observations on a personal development within creative process of the performance
International encyclopedia of dance : a project of Dance Perspectives Foundation, Inc.. Volume 4
Hijikata Tatsumi and Butoh : dancing in a pool of gray grits
In today’s visual regime, contemporary dance operates as a critical force. It questions univocal representations and dominant cultural ideals of the body. Developing alternative approaches to physical expression, certain choreographers create body images that are vulnerable and permeable to the world. Their critical and experimental approach challenges and expands spectatorship, including the corporeal, technological and cultural elements that support the ways we see, hear, sense and imagine. Through the Back: Situating Vision between Moving Bodies seeks to articulate this critical potential in a series of essays that explores the work of experimental choreographers active throughout the noughties: Alexander Baervoets, Boris Charmatz, Meg Stuart, Benoit Lachambre, Vera Mantero, Philipp Gehmacher, Jennifer Lacey and Nadia Lauro, and deufert & plischke.
Mr Wiggles : the menu. Volume eight
Alternately called an art-sport, a social dance, animal play, a physical dialogue, Contact Improvisation has evolved into a world-wide practice with a profound influence on the dance of our times. These videos give a rare look at this vital dance form. They are not training tapes. Rather, they track a key period of exploration and discovery through narrated documentaries and documents of performances by its initiator, Steve Paxton, and founding practitioners.
Baron's ballet finale
Dance is the art least susceptible to preservation since its embodied, kinaesthetic nature has proven difficult to capture in notation and even in still or moving images. However, frameworks have been established and guidance made available for keeping dances, performances, and choreographers' legacies alive so that the dancers of today and tomorrow can experience and learn from the dances and dancers of the past. In this volume, a range of voices address the issue of dance preservation through memory, artistic choice, interpretation, imagery and notation, as well as looking at relevant archives, legal structures, documentation and artefacts. The intertwining of dance preservation and creativity is a core theme discussed throughout this text, pointing to the essential continuity of dance history and dance innovation. The demands of preservation stretch across time, geographies, institutions and interpersonal connections, and this book focuses on the fascinating web that supports the fragile yet urgent effort to sustain our dancing heritage. The articles in this book were originally published in the journal Dance Chronicle: Studies in Dance and the Related Arts.
Mr Wiggles : the menu. Volume two
The Joy of dancing : ballroom, latin and rock/jive for absolute beginners of all ages
Hiking the horizontal : field notes from a choreographer
Study guide for intermediate Labanotation
"Assign & arrange: Methodologies of presentation in art and dance" aims to map the exchanges and transgressions between art and dance that characterize the manifold variety of relations between art and dance that can be observed today: dance performances taking place in art galleries or public spaces, for example, or visual artists developing specific presentational formats or exhibition displays that generate dimensions of dramaturgy and choreography for their visitors. Terms like mise-en-scene, situation, setting, choreography, and installation are being almost coevally used not only by theoreticians but also by contributors from both art and dance in order to define modes of presentation or to specify visitors' aesthetic experience. Taking into account historical and current examples, and involving perspectives from art history, dance studies, and architecture, the book explores similarities and differences in the respective practices, as well as in the theoretical concepts they correspond with.
