http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1030 institutions of higher education
institutions of higher education
Enhancing learning outcomes evaluation : Benchmarking learning outcomes evaluation in Finland, Scotland and Kansas
Research hatchery as a cradle for new innovators : handbook for implementation
Global and local internationalization
Study in Finland : international programmes in Finnish higher education 1996-97
Summary and conclusions (s. 107-111).
"Välillä mua on melkein itkettäny mennä luennolle" : advanced language learners' experiences with foreign language anxiety
Higher education in the world : higher education: new challenges and emerging roles for human and social development. 3.
An active attitude and the spirit of doing : hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
Pedagogical views on innovation competences and entrepreneurship : innovation pedagogy and other approaches
Fellmannia – a meeting place for learners
Virtual courses on sustainable development in Baltic universities : considerations and recommendations for action
When dreams and heroes died : a portrait of today's college student
Outgoing study exchanges in French and Spanish business schools
Open source as a pedagogical tool in higher education
Welcome to HUT, Finland : a map of the location and layout of Helsinki University of Technology
University education
Education & research 2000 : development plan for education and university research for 1995-2000
New skills for new futures : higher education guidance and counselling services in France
Improving college teaching
Combi2011 : conference proceedings
New skills for new futures : higher education guidance and counselling services in Luxembourg
Coaching and mentoring in higher education : a learning-centred approach
Cultural perspectives on higher education
Haaga-Helia on Porvoo campus : bridging learners
Cross-evaluation 4 : final report : FUAS quality policy
Mathematical and statistical approaches in management planning for growth
International mobility in Finnish education : trends and developments in tertiary and secondary education 2000-2004
International Meeting 2009 : Ideal platform for networking and project planning.
Oamk LABs practices for bridging work life 21th century skills and higher education
Mission and change : institutional mission and its application to the management of further and higher education
The position of Finnish and Swedish as well as other languages at universities in Finland
Integrating practice-based experiences into higher education
Universities, politicians and bureaucrats : Europe and the United States
College and character
Research and development
The internationalisation and strategic planning of higher-education institutions : an analysis of Finnish EPS strategies
New skills for new futures : higher education guidance and counselling services in United Kingdom
Resource-based learning in geography
Guidelines for entrepreneurship training in rural areas
How to cite, reference & avoid plagiarism at university
International and historical roots of American higher education
Management in institutions of higher learning
Welcome to HUT : the location of Helsinki University of Technology and map of the Otaniemi area
Fitting form to function : a primer on the organization of academic institutions
Undergraduate & graduate performance development in UK Higher Education
Organizing academic work in higher education : teaching, learning and identities
New skills for new futures : higher education guidance and counselling services in Finland
On the edge : securing a sustainable future for higher education : report of the OECD/IMHE-HEFCE project on financial management and governance of higher education institutions
Assessing academic climates and cultures
European cooperation in higher education information systems = Cooperation européenne des centres de ressources informatiques : Domaine Universitaire, Grenoble, France, 9-11 Septembre 1997
Industrial Design Studium in Essen : von der Folkwangschule für Gestaltung zur Universität Essen = Industrial design studies in Essen : from the Folkwangschule für Gestaltung to the university of Essen
External quality assurance in Finnish higher education institutions : two cases - the Universities of Tampere and Turku in a new-institutional perspective
Discourses of internationalization in Finnish higher education : a critical discourse analysis of legitimation strategies used in internationalization documents
Internationalization and the invisible language? Historical phases and current policies in Finnish higher education
Guide to the universities of Europe
New skills for new futures : higher education guidance and counselling services in Denmark
Changing the narratives of university history
Memorandum on higher education in the European Community
International Club for International Students in Higher Education : Mikkeli University of Applied Sciences
In 2013–2015, JAMK University of Applied Sciences implemented a national pilot project Diploma of Higher Education based on a proposal by the Finnish Ministry of Education and Culture. The aim was to determine the need for working life for competence modules consisting of parts of higher education degrees which diversify the offering and participants. Similar higher education programmes have grown more common internationally. JAMK UAS implemented four diploma of higher education programmes as UAS open studies: Agricultural Entrepreneur Business Competence, Gerontological Rehabilitation, HR and Financial Specialist and Purchasing Specialist. The aim of the students was to expand their competence, develop their own work and further advance in their careers. For the training to succeed, it was important to invest in instruction, support group formation and have flexible implementation models. The students were able to develop their competence based on their own individual needs and the needs of working life, regardless of their educational background. Groups that promoted peer learning and networking were felt to be the strengths of the training. The costs for students were also very moderate. If needed, the studies can later be credited towards a degree programme. Diplomas of higher education are a quick and flexible way to implement various competence modules that meet the needs of working life. The students and employers have appreciated the pre-packaged, clear and sufficiently advanced competence modules of 60 ECTS cr.
FEDORA 2000 fit for the future : managing a changing world = FEDORA 2000 pret pour l'avenir : diriger un monde en changement : VIIth FEDORA Congress : VIIème Congres de FEDORA : Heriot-Watt University, Edinburgh, 26-29 August 2000.
Developing new and junior faculty
Case studies from Australia, Japan, New Zealand and Western Europe
Equal, but different : an evaluate of the postgraduate polytechnic experiment in Finland : final report
A guide to staff & educational development
How physiotherapy students are learning physiotherapy in mental health and body awareness
Interdisciplinary studies journal
Directions in staff development
Race, equity, and the learning environment : the global relevance of critical and inclusive pedagogies in higher education
Transformation of the Finnish higher education and research : new challenges for research
Qualitative Inquiry in Higher Education Organization and Policy Research provides readers with the theoretical foundations and innovative perspectives for undertaking qualitative research to influence policy and practice discussions. Well-known chapter authors discuss innovative strategies for investigating complex problems, helping readers understand how research can consider the culture of the institution, administrative hierarchy, students, faculty, and external constituencies. From both an organizational and policy perspective, chapter pairings explore a range of methodologies, including ethnography, case study, critical qualitative inquiry, and the notion of "grit". This volume explores how qualitative inquiry can advance understanding of organizational inequities in higher education, and it offers graduate students and educational researchers the tools to improve the organizational function of institutions while contributing to meaningful change.
Universities under scrutiny
The Future in Learning Science 2015 : what's in it for the learner
Flash media as a tool for advertisement
Why go to college
Innovative entrepreneurship education in the Nordic-Russian context : project report
"Offering a range of perspectives on internationalization in higher education from a globally dispersed group of authors, this book reflects the many facets of the theme. It reminds us that, while internationalization is strongly connected to the globalization of society, at the same time it is deeply embedded in local political, economic and social structures, systems and cultures. The increasing attention given to internationalization by institutions all around the world is leading to diversification and broadening of practice. This in turn deepens our understanding of what is needed to enhance the educational experiences of students, and how the outcomes of internationalization contribute to the skills needed in a globalized and multicultural society. Yet inevitably the impact is becoming more noticeable locally and the six sections of the book focus on these dimensions: Internationalization in Local and Global Contexts, Local and Global Drivers for Change, Global and Local Dimensions of Curriculum Internationalization, The Outcomes of Local and Global International Education, Internationalization for Local and Global Employability, Regional and National Cases of Local and Global Internationalization. How can we define more precise learning outcomes that underpin learning and teaching? How do we avoid the societal risks of internationalization and ensure that internationalization opportunities and benefits are shared equally? How do we prevent brain drain and commercialization? What are the values that underlie our actions? These are just some of the questions that will occupy our minds, locally and globally, in the years to come and which this book seeks to highlight"--Provided by publisher.
Innovation in higher education. Participation of adults in higher education : general report
CSC news : High performance computing and networking in Finland
Learning and teaching in higher education : the reflective professional
After having been teaching online using Adobe Connect web conferencing system since 2008, it was  time to stop and reflect upon its advantages and disadvantages. The purpose of this research paper is  to study the possibilities and challenges of online language teaching by focusing on the breakout room  feature of the Adobe Connect system. The aim is to investigate how the function supports or  challenges language learning from the students' and the teacher's viewpoint. In addition, the purpose  is to compare to what extent their experiences coincide. In this study the data consists of my own  observations as a language teacher using Adobe Connect breakout rooms. The data on students'  experiences was collected by conducting a survey in the virtual learning environment Optima. The equestionnaire  was replied by 29 students of business and business information systems using the  blended learning method at Oulu University of Applied Sciences. The students were inquired about  how well the breakout function serves language learning purposes in general and on the specific  lesson when the survey was carried out. Moreover, some technical background information was  collected on the hardware and software used. The survey and the teacher's observations indicated  that the breakout function succeeds in supporting the interactive nature of language learning. Most of  the challenges discovered were related to technology
Teaching in the multicultural classroom at university: the Temcu project
BIT 10th Anniversary Survey
E-learning 2.0 technologies and web applications in higher education
Student Perceptions of the Ethics of Professors
Recent trends and challenges in Brazilian higher education system
Possible futures: the next 25 years of internationalisation of higher education
Higher education in Africa : the international dimension
How to cite, reference & avoid plagiarising at university Is there a secret to successful study? The answer is 'yes'! There are some essential skills and smart strategies that will help you to improve your results at university. This easy-to-use guide helps to develop the essential academic skills of writing and thinking needed to cite and reference with confidence in your academic studies. Plagiarism and the most common methods of quoting, summarising and paraphrasing are explained and modelled throughout the book. HOW TO CITE, REFERENCE & AVOID PLAGIARISM AT UNIVERSITY provides tips, tools and techniques you will need to perform with excellence, including how to: * understand the importance of correct citation and referencing in academic writing * be aware of the facts about plagiarism and how it can be identified and avoided * search for and evaluate sources from the literature * introduce the work of others into your own text * understand and use the five most common citation and referencing styles. Visit www.smarterstudyskills.com to access a wealth of useful information, tips, templates and interactive activities that will support your skills development.
Transformation of higher education in innovation systems in China and Finland
Organizing a Marketing Project – Ahead to Entrepreneurship-Campaign  : Case: Cursor Oy
Audit of the quality assurance system of Seinäjoki Polytechnic
Leadership and student learning in higher education
Supporting college and university students with invisible disabilities : a guide for faculty and staff working with students with autism, AD/HD, language processing disorders, anxiety, and mental illness
The career potential of migrant scholars in Finnish higher education : emerging perspectives and dynamics
Managing the pressures in teaching : practical ideas for tutors and their students
Designer Profile Model : A Mentor's Tool for Understanding the Design Persona of Mature Students
African students' perspective on internationalization of the Finnish higher education
Turning points in the history of Nordic higher education
Quality on the move : discursive construction of higher education policy from the perspective of quality
Interprofessional education in the Universities of Oulu
New skills for new futures : higher education guidance and counselling services in Belgium (French Community)
Modeling a Route Selection in the Virtual World
Studies of higher education and research : a newsletter of the Research on Higher Education Program
Technological research for a better future : the 4th Research Forum of Changzhou University and Satakunta University of Applied Sciences
Higher education in Romania
TAMK.today : news from Tampere University of Applied Sciences
Prospects of Finnish higher education export in BRIC countries
An overview of Finnish Higher Education System and Hospitality Industry
'In search of assessment feedback' : student view on the Finnish and British higher education
Love and forgiveness in the global community : designing Master's Degree in Global Health Care - Master of Health Care
Men behind agriculture : 50 years service by Wageningen graduates
Quality handbook of higher education in Finland and Russia
Recent reforms in Swedish higher education
Japanese colleges and universities 1989 : a guide to institutions of higher education in Japan
Visual culture in the art class : case studies
New skills for new futures : higher education guidance and counselling services in Austria
External impact of the University of Turku : self-evaluation report
Entrepreneurial learning in practice : How work-life and entrepreneurship experience can be utilized in higher education studies?
TKK Intra : TKK:n henkilöstölehti = TKK intra in English : TKK staff magazine
Yhteiskunnallinen korkeakoulu = Socialhögskola = The school of social sciences
Lahti UAS ICT Projects 2015
The teaching portfolio : a practical guide to improved performance and promotion / tenure decisions
Comparison of higher education student and teacher perceptions of e-learning
Kemi-Tornio University of Applied Sciences quality guide for student
Student and Teacher Perceptions on Learning Languages through  Web Conferencing : Focus on Adobe Connect Breakout Rooms
'How to Get a First' combines personal experience, scientific research and motivational anecdotes from other students to create a comprehensive guide to the basic elements of academic success.
Evaluation of media and communication studies in higher education in Finland
Promoting regional engagement of universities : experiences of A.S.A.P. work package 4
The future compatible campus : planning, designing and implmenting information technology in the academy
Higher education organization : conditions for policy implementation
The funding of higher education : international perspectives
New skills for new futures : higher education guidance and counselling services in Sweden
Reviews of national policies for education. Austria : higher education and research
Changing college classrooms : new teaching and learning strategies for an increasingly complex world
Future learning and prior learning and recognition in vocational teacher education
Lifting a Ton of Feathers is not only a survival guide, it is also a destroyer of academic myths about women's career chances in the university, and a revelation of the catch-22 positions in which women find themselves. Caplan demonstrates that while many women believe that when they fail it is their fault, their fate is more likely to be sealed by their encounter with the male environment, and by the manner in which they are tossed about by it. She aims to help women avoid self-blame and understand the real sources of their problems. Readers will find the information about the mine-field of academia for women infuriating, but the means of telling it highly entertaining. Women account for more than half of all undergraduate students in the US and Canada, yet they make up only 10 per cent of faculty members at the level of full professor. What happens to women between freshman level, the tenure track, and the ensuing following professional years that keeps them out of the highest levels of academia? Paula Caplan is herself a veteran of the academic career struggle, and she sets out to explore this question with not only her own observations but also those of many women whom she has interviewed, and with a strong backing of established research. With these tools she provides a clear-eyed assessment of what women who have embarked on an academic career, and those who are considering it, may expect.
Towards better academic research-based education in family business : a cross-national comparison of advanced teaching and learning practices
Subversives : the FBI's war on student radicals, and Reagan's rise to power
Managing change : Case study: HAMK University of Applied Sciences, Valkeakoski
International comparisons of student achievement in mathematics, science, and reading have consistently shown that Japanese and Korean students outperform their peers in other parts of world. Understandably, this has attracted many policymakers and researchers seeking to emulate this success, but it has also attracted strong criticism and a range of misconceptions of the Japanese and Korean education system. Directly challenging these misconceptions, which are prevalent in both academic and public discourses, this book seeks to provide a more nuanced view of the Japanese and Korean education systems. This includes the idea that the highly standardized means of education makes outstanding students mediocre; that the emphasis on memorization leads to a lack of creativity and independent thinking; that students' successes are a result of private supplementary education; and that the Japanese and Korean education systems are homogenous to the point of being one single system. Using empirical data Hyunjoon Park re-evaluates the strengths and weaknesses of the existing education systems in Japan and Korea and reveals whether the issues detailed above are real or unfounded and misinformed. Offering a balanced view of the evolving and complex nature of academic achievement among Japanese and Korean students, this book will appeal to students and scholars of Asian, international and comparative education, as well as those interested in Asian society more broadly.
The reorganization of our colleges
Student evaluation in higher education : reconceptualising the student voice
Being a university
The Graduate career guidebook
A manual for internal quality assurance in higher education : with a special focus on professional higher education
Connecting in college : how friendship networks matter for academic and social success
How to get a first : insights and advice from a first-class graduate
Research in art and design in Finnish universities (2004-2007) : [evaluation report]
Polytechnic education
Arctic artistry
Finnish university computer networking
Knowledge Management in a Higher Education Institution : Case Oulu UAS
New skills for new futures : higher education guidance and counselling services in Portugal
Cross-cultural women scholars in academe : intergenerational voices
Student perspective on software development, processes and entrepreneurship in Finnish University of Applied Sciences
Student ́s variegated well being : A survey of students ́ well being in HUMAK University of Applied Sciences
Academic freedom and tenure : ethical issues
Postgraduate degrees in European integration
A handbook for teaching and learning in higher education : enhancing academic practice
Postgraduate education of scientists and engineers for the paper industry
Comprehensive Internationalisation in Finnish Higher Education Institution : Case: Seinäjoki University of Applied Sciences
College and student : selected readings in the social psychology of higher education
Academic research in the United Kingdom : its organisation and effectiveness : proceedings of a symposium of the Association of Researches in Medicine and Science
New skills for new futures : higher education guidance and counselling services in Greece
Qualitative inquiry in higher education organization and policy research
The regional university
Constructing reputation in a university merger
The craft of teaching : a guide to mastering the professor's art
New skills for new futures : higher education guidance and counselling services in The Netherlands
Cooperation between Higher Education Institutions and Businesses
Benchmarking learning and teaching : international case study from the Oulu University of Applied Sciences and the Fontys University of Applied Sciences
Lifting a ton of feathers : a woman's guide to surviving in the academic world
New skills for new futures : higher education guidance and counselling services in Irleand
The world of learning 1990.
Innovative models for university research
New skills for new futures : higher education guidance and counselling services in Flanders (Belgium)
Degree regulations of Helsinki University of Technology
Re-evaluating education in Japan and Korea : demystifying stereotypes
Changing identities in higher education : voicing perspectives
This book analyses higher education from cultural perspectives and also to reflect on the uses of intellectual devices developed in the cultural studies of higher education over the last decades. The first part of the book presents fresh perspectives to integrate cultural studies in higher education with wider societal processes. Professor William G. Tierney speaks about trust and culture in higher education, whereas Professor Imanol Ordorika opens a political perspective to higher education institutions. The second part of the book studies the internal life of higher education. Relying on a variety of cultural perspectives, the chapters explore the actual day-to-day practices taking place in higher education, ranging from student socialisation, student consumerism, tensions in combining academic and market-oriented targets in knowledge production to the formation of academic identities in different disciplinary and organisational cultures. The focus in the third part of the book is to use cultural perspectives developed in previous studies on disciplinary and organisational cultures as a framework to understand a variety of processes and reforms taking place at the institutional level of high education. The chapters in this part of the book analyse the Bologna Process, the evolution of scientific fields in American universities, organisational cultures in Chinese post-merger universities, and doctoral education and cooperation with industry.
Internationalisation and its management at higher-education institutions : applying conceptual, content and discourse analysis
Facilitating work-based learnig : a handbook for tutors
Student lives in crisis : deepening inequality in times of austerity
Possibilities for strengthening the international orientation of Business Administration and Economics Faculty at Niederrhein University of Applied Sciences.
Going online : perspective on digital learning
Developing entrepreneurial learning in higher education by passion and risk-taking pedagogy
Currently e-learning is considered an essential part of the everyday learning processes for both teachers and students in higher education. However, the learning results of e-learning are under debate and there is a growing critique on the efficiency and actual results of e-learning. In this paper we present our on-going work for exploring higher education students and teachers recent perceptions of their e-learning experiences, the usage of e-learning technologies and developing the learning process. Two surveys were conducted in order to investigate and compare the perceived advantages, challenges and needs for support among the students and teachers in higher education.  According to the results the perceived advantages of e-learning for both teachers and students were fairly similar. Flexibility in use of time and place were found as the most important benefit of e-learning. Some teachers conceived that e-learning was more activating than traditional learning in terms of increasing presence and participation. However, the results indicate that some of the students were not convinced about the activating advantages of e-learning.   The main challenges in e-learning for both students and teachers dealt with technical issues, (i.e. non-functioning data connections and software) and teacher-student interaction. Both students and teachers also experienced problems in directing the learning situation (e.g. finding/raising motivation, taking possible learning hindrances into account). Teachers also highlighted the students¿ lack of commitment as a challenge in e-learning.  Based on the studies we suggest that in order to ensure the high-quality learning results in e-learning continuous and relevant training and peer support for educators and students are needed. Additionally it is important to enhance the user experience and the content and materials of the courses should be designed carefully. We also suggest that in e-learning the interaction between teachers and peer students should be improved.
Which MBA? : a critical guide to the world's best programmes
Diploma of higher education : competence modules for everyone
Study in Finland : international programmes in Finnish higher education 1998-99
Promoting Intercultural Management for Working Life in the Baltic Sea Region : A Five-Year Project. Thoughts, Experiences and Impact
Research directory : 1996.
Nursing student-patient relationship : a review of the literature from 1984 to 1998
Staff development for the 1980s : international perspectives
New skills for new futures : higher education guidance and counselling services in Germany
Study in Finland : international programmes in Finnish higher education 1997-98
The academic administrator grid : a guide to developing effective management teams
The New Order: Improving the Internationality in the International Business Degree Programme. Case Savonia University of Applied Sciences
AHO works : research centres 2012
Peer Learning in Higher Education : learninq from and with each other
Kesäkouluuun : sixth international summerschool on the digital library
Graduate admissions essays : write your way into the graduate school of your choice
Higher education planning, budgeting and finance meet the sociological imagination : a study on national steering and financing mechanisms
There is no single idea of the university. Ever since its medieval origin, the concept of the university has continued to change. The metaphysical university gave way successively to the scientific university, and then to the corporate and the entrepreneurial university. But what might lie ahead? Being a University charts and critiques this conceptual development and examines the future possibilities for the idea of the university. Ronald Barnett pursues this quest through an exploration of pairs of contending concepts that speak to the idea of the university - such as space and time; being and becoming; and culture and anarchy. On this foundation is developed an imaginative exposition of possible ideas of the university, including the liquid university and the authentic university.
Survival guide for international students of Tampere University and Tampere University of Technology
Global higher education rankings 2005 : affordability and accessibility in comparative perspective
Learning for a sustainable future : innovative solution from the Baltic Sea region
Unsettling relations : the university as a site of feminist struggles
Extracurricular language activities in higher education : perspectives of teachers and students
A group of Finnish teachers and students visited Fontys University of Applied Sciences in the Netherlands. The aim of the visit was to benchmark learning and teaching, quality assurance and curricula development in the degree programmes. The project was successful, and both universities will develop their actions according to the results. The benchmarking project was funded by the Finnish Higher Education Evaluation Council.    The article discusses of the implementation of the international benchmarking project and the results gained in comparing learning and teaching. Benchmarking worksheet proved to be a useful tool for comparing activities. The project created multi-disciplinary cooperation, mainly because there were both teachers, students and the members of the support staff participating to the project. Student involvement was crucial to the success of the project.
TTY & Co
Contextuality of Professionals in the Rural Areas of Northern Scandinavia
Praise for The Teaching Portfolio. "This new edition of a classic text has added invaluable, immediately useful material. It's a must-read for faculty, department chairs, and academic administrators."Irene W.D. Hecht, director, Department Leadership Programs, American Council on Education. "This book offers a wealth of wisdom and materials. It contains essential knowledge, salient advice, and an immediately useful model for faculty engaged in promotion or tenure."Raymond L. Calabrese, professor of educational administration, The Ohio State University. "The Teaching.
Cracking the GRE. 2010 edition
Rethinking engineering education : the CDIO approach
On "good" academic work : practicing respect at close range
Higher education in Vietnam : change and response
The university teacher and his world : a sociological and educational study
A hundred years and more
Better Life with Energy and Intelligence Technology : The Third Research Forum of Changzhou University and Satakunta University of Applied Sciences
Research directory : 1997.
This volume considers the future of science learning - what is being learned and how it is being learned - in formal and informal contexts for science education. To do this, the book explores major contemporary shifts in the forms of science that could or should be learned in the next 20 years, what forms of learning of that science should occur, and how that learning happens, including from the perspective of learners. In particular, this volume addresses shifts in the forms of science that are researched and taught post-school - emerging sciences, new sciences that are new integrations, "futures science", and increases in the complexity and multidisciplinarity of science, including a multidisciplinarity that embraces ways of knowing beyond science. A central aspect of this in terms of the future of learning science is the urgent need to engage students, including their non-cognitive, affective dimensions, both for an educated citizenry and for a productive response to the ubiquitous concerns about future demand for science-based professionals. Another central issue is the actual impact of ICT on science learning and teaching, including shifts in how students use mobile technology to learn science.
Negotiating access to higher education : the discource of selectivity and equity
Entrepreneurial Profile of Higher Education Students : Häme University of Applied Sciences
E-learning services in higher educational institutions in Finland Case Babahh Education –service
Re-becoming universities? : higher education institutions in networked knowledge societies
Learning with digital games : a practical guide to engaging students in higher education
International conference of States for the adoption of a convention on the recognition of studies, diplomas and degrees in higher education in the Arab States : Paris, 18-22 December 1978 : final report
An action-oriented perspective on caring leadership : a qualitative study of higher education administrators' positive leadership experiences
