http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10326 ancient languages
ancient languages
The Song of Roland
Ancient Greek accentuation : synchronic patterns, frequency effects and prehistory
Evidence for Old English : material and theoretical bases for reconstruction
The Rosetta Stone and the rebirth of ancient Egypt
Abstract in english.
Three Old English elegies : The wifeʹs lament : The husbandeʹs message : The ruin
Old Persian : grammar, texts, lexicon
A short dictionary of Anglo-Saxon poetry : in a normalized Early West-Saxon orthography
The Cambridge encyclopedia of the world's ancient languages
Englische Sprachwissenschaft und Mediävistik : Standpunkte - Perspektiven - neue Wege ; proceedings of the conference in Bamberg, May 21 - 22, 2004 = English linguistics and medieval studies : positions - perspectives - new approaches
The ancient languages of Europe
Ferocious beast (óarga dýr) between north and east
An Anglo-Saxon dictionary : based on the manuscript collections of the late Joseph Bosworth
Greater Anatolia and the Indo-Hittite language family : papers presented at a colloquium hosted by the University of Richmond, March 18-19, 2000
Form and meaning of Yasna 33
Heirs to forgotten kingdoms : journeys into the disappearing religions of the Middle East
A dictionary of the Norman or Old French language... to which are added the laws of William the Conqueror
Epistolary formulae of the old Uighur letters from the Eastern Silk Road. Part 2.
Dr. M. A. Stein's manuscripts in Turkish "runic" script from Miran and Tun-Huang
"Man is the measure of all things" : the system of kennings as a tangible object
Universal grammar in the reconstruction of ancient languages
Her onginþ seo boc : on the loss and retention of grammatical gender in Early Middle English
The particle tha in the West-Saxon gospels : a discourse-level analysis
Compendious Syriac grammar
The phonology of Old English stress and metrical structure
Concise dictionary of old Russian : 11th–17th centuries
A grammar of Old Irish
Ice age : the meltdown
An introduction to New Testament Greek : a quick course in the reading of Koiné Greek
A new theory of Old English meter
Man and his double : in Egyptian ideology of the Old Kingdom
Bibliography of old Norse-Icelandic romances
The Oxford Handbook of Ancient Anatolia is a unique blend of comprehensive overviews on archaeological, philological, linguistic, and historical issues at the forefront of Anatolian scholarship in the 21st century. Anatolia is home to early complex societies and great empires, and was the destination of many migrants, visitors, and invaders. The offerings in this volume bring this reality to life as the chapters unfold nearly ten thousand years (ca. 10,000-323 BCE) of peoples, languages, and diverse cultures who lived in or traversed Anatolia over these millennia. The contributors combine descriptions of current scholarship on important discussion and debates in Anatolian studies with new and cutting edge research for future directions of study. The fifty-four chapters are presented in five separate sections that range in topic from chronological and geographical overviews to anthropologically based issues of culture contact and imperial structures, and from historical settings of entire millennia to crucial data from key sites across the region. The contributers to the volume represent the best scholars in the field from North America, Europe, Turkey, and Asia. The appearance of this volume offers the very latest collection of studies on the fascinating peninsula known as Anatolia.
Old Icelandic : an introductory course
The modal system of earlier Egyptian complement clauses : a study in pragmatics in a dead language
Lingering over words : studies in ancient Near Eastern literature in honor of William L. Moran
A second Anglo-Saxon reader : archaic and dialectal
The lexical effects of Anglo-Scandinavian linguistic contact on Old English
A new introduction to Old Norse. Part 3, Glossary and index of names
The Oxford handbook of ancient Anatolia, 10,000-323 B.C.E
Finnish summary.
Race, science, and the nation : reconstructing the ancient past in Britain, France and Germany
A short Old French dictionary for students
An Anglo-Saxon dictionary : based on the manuscript collections of Joseph Bosworth
A journey through the history of the English language in England and America. Vol. 1, The continental backgrounds of English and its insular development until 1154
Grey in Old English : an interdisciplinary semantic study
An Anglo-Saxon dictionary
Make peace and take victory : support verb constructions in Old English in comparison with Old Irish
Studies in old Prussian : a critical review of the relevant literature in the field since 1945
The evolution of the system of long and short adjectives in old Russian
Old Prussian
On the etymology and chronology of English Colour terms
Iron age hieroglyphic Luwian inscriptions
Prolegomena to a study of the Greek language in the first centuries A. D. : the problem of koiné and atticism
A guide to Old English : revised with texts and glossary
A basic vocabulary of Old English prose = Grundwortschatz altenglische Prosa
An Anglo-Saxon primer with grammar, notes and glossary
Old Babylonian letters from Tell Asmar
A concise Anglo-Saxon dictionary
Studia palaeophilologica : Professoris G.M. Browne in honorem oblata
The Sabellic languages of ancient Italy
First steps in Anglo-Saxon
A syntax of western Middle Iranian
Despite its reputation for religious intolerance, the Middle East has long sheltered many distinctive and strange faiths: one regards the Greek prophets as incarnations of God, another reveres Lucifer in the form of a peacock, and yet another believes that their followers are reincarnated beings who have existed in various forms for thousands of years. These religions represent the last vestiges of the magnificent civilizations in ancient history: Persia, Babylon, Egypt in the time of the Pharaohs. Their followers have learned how to survive foreign attacks and the perils of assimilation. But today, with the Middle East in turmoil, they face greater challenges than ever before.
Studies in the transmission and reception of Old Norse literature : the hyperborean muse in European culture
Substrata Uralica : studies on Finno-Ugrian substrate in Northern Russian dialects
An introduction to Old Russian
Old-Irish workbook
"I will set his hand on the sea, and his right hand on the river" : North West Semitic Kingship and the sea of combat myth : a survey of Hebrew poetry in light of ancient Near Eastern evidence
Old Persian inscriptions of the Achaemenian emperors
A lexicon : abridged from Liddell and Scott's Greek-English lexicon
Although it is commonplace in scholarship today to talk about a 'system' of kennings or 'kenning system', critical discussion has tended to take the qualification 'system' for granted and left this topic  unexplored. The present paper presents a study of extended kennings which reveals that the systemic network of kennings have different referents. It shows that kennings for MAN / WARRIOR are at the  center of this network.
An Anglo-Saxon reader in prose and verse
Egyptin hieroglyfien yhteyksiä Euroopan vanhoihin kieliin = The relation of Egyptian hieroglyphics to old European languages
The uses and shades of meaning of words for every and each in Old English : with an addendum on Early Middle English developments
The Lost Temples of the Maya
A concise grammar of the old Frisian dialect of the First Riustring Manuscript
Ice age
Dictionary of Old English. Æ
An elementary old English grammar
Epigraphy : Illiricum [i.e. Illyricum]. The Illyrians, Thracians and Phrygians = Epigraphie : Illyricum. Die il[l]yrische Sprachen von Thraks und Frigias = Epigrafi : Ilirët, Thrakët, dhe Frigasit
Anglo-Saxon England experienced a process of multicultural assimilation similar to that of contemporary England. At the end of the ninth century Old Norse speakers from present-day Denmark, Norway and Sweden started to settle down in the so-called 'Danelaw' amongst the Anglo-Saxon inhabitants, and brought with them cultural traditions and linguistic elements that are still a very significant part of our lives and our speech in the twenty-first century. This book analyses the first Norse terms to be recorded in English. After revising the list of terms recorded in Old English texts which can be considered to be Norse-derived, the author explores their dialectal and chronological distribution, as well as the semantic and stylistic relationship which the Norse-derived terms established with their native equivalents (when they existed). This approach helps to clarify questions such as: Why were the terms borrowed?
The old Bulgarian noun phrase : towards an annotation specification
Towards classifying verbs and adjectives governing the genitive in Beowulf
Studies in Old English MSS with special reference to the delabialisation of y (<u + i) to i
The invention of cuneiform : writing in Sumer
Information structure and syntactic change in the history of English
The syntactical causes of case reduction in old French
Fibula, fabula, fact : the Viking Age in Finland
Old Saxon
Specimen lexici runici and Glossarium priscae linguae Danicae : and, Glossarium priscae linguae Danicae
Kratkij slovar' drevnerusskogo âzyka : (XI-XVII vekov) = Concise dictionary of old Russian : (11th-17th centuries)
An Anglo-Saxon primer : with grammar, notes, and glossary
Proceedings of the eleventh annual UCLA Indo-European Conference, Los Angeles, November 3-4, 2006
