http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10318 Vedic religion
Vedic religion
The artful universe : an introduction to the Vedic religious imagination
Mm. Professor Kuppuswami Sastri birth-centenary commemoration volume. Part 1, (Collection of Sastri's writings and a Kavya on him)
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 32, Vedic hymns
Facets of Indian philosophical thought
Sanskrit canonical text with English translation and Sanskrit commentary.
The Vedāntic and the Buddhist concept of reality as interpreted by Ṡaṁkara and Nāgārjuna
Studies in the Gṛhya Prayogas of the Jaiminīya Sāmaveda : 2. Sthālīpāka
The secret of the Veda
Advaita Vedānta : according to Śaṁkara
Vedic hymns. 1, Hymns to Maruts, Rudra Vāyu, and Vāta
Studies in the concept of sraddhā in post-Vedic Hinduism
The Jaiminīya-Upaniṣad-Brāhmaṇa : a study of the earliest Upaniṣad, belonging to the Jaiminīya Sāmaveda
Śrautakośaḥ : Śrautayajñānuṣaṅgikavacanasaṅkalanarūpaḥ śrautasūtrānuvādarūpaśca = Śrautakośa ; encyclopaedia of Vedic sacrificial ritual comprising the two complementary sections, namely, the Sanskrit section and the English section
Ṛgveda saṁhitā : Sanskrit text, English translation and notes. Vol. 4, [Maṇḍalas - 9, 10]
The Gṛytha rites vis-a-vis the Atharvanic tradition
Hymns of the Rgveda. Vol. 1
The Vedic experience Mantramañjarī : an anthology of the Vedas for modern man and contemporaty celebration
The masks of God. Vol. 2, Oriental mythology
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 38, The Vedânta-Sûtras with the commentary by Sankarâcârya, Part 2
Devadattīyam : Johannes Bronkhorst felicitation volume
Vāc as a Goddess of victory in the Veda and her relation to Durga
A dictionary of the Vedic rituals : based on the Śrauta and Grhya sūtras
The mythology of all races : in thirteen volumes. Volume 6, Indian
The Pravargya Brāhmaṇa of the Taittirīya Āraṇyaka, an ancient commentary on the Pravargya ritual
Ṛgveda saṁhitā : Sanskrit text, English translation and notes. Vol. 1, (Maṇḍala 1)
Myth as argument : the Brhaddevatā as canonical commentary
Ṛgveda saṁhitā : Sanskrit text, English translation and notes. Vol. 3, [Maṇḍalas - 6, 7, 8]
Annotated and translated ancient commentary on preparatory ritual to the Soma sacrifice of the R̥gveda.
The complete astrological handbook for the twenty-first century : understanding and combining the wisdom of Chinese, Tibetan, Vedic, Arabian, Judaic, and western astrology
The inevitable choice : Vedanta philosophy or Christian gospel
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 34, The Vedânta-Sûtras with the commentary by Sankarâcârya, Part 1
Vedic astrology simply put : an illustrated guide to the astrology of ancient India
Historical & critical studies in the Atharvaveda
Epic descriptions of the Horse Sacrifice
Vedic astronomy and mythology
The destiny of a king
Some aspects of Vedic studies
The Garasaṃhitā and the Ānandarāmāyaṇa : additional sources for studying the pseudo-Vedic ritualism in post-epic texts
Two sources of Indian culture
Śakti and Śākta : essays and addresses
The cosmic man and the tree of language : a contribution to the deciphering of the Indus script and the anthropology of the ancient orient
Visnuism and Śivaism : a comparison
Human sacrifice in India in Vedic times and before
Kubera : God of many Hues
The Holy Vedas : a golden treasury
Studies in the Gṛhya Prayogas of the Jaiminīya Sāmaveda : 4. Nāndīmukhābhyudayaśrāddha
The literature and study of the Jaiminīya Sāmaveda in retrospect and prospect
Mandalas : the dynamics of Vedic symbolism
Ṛgveda saṁhitā : Sanskrit text, English translation and notes. Vol. 2, [Maṇḍalas - 2, 3, 4, 5]
Studies in the Tantras and the Veda
In the image of fire : Vedic experiences of heat
The religion and philosophy of the Veda and Upanishads. Part 1
Atharva-Veda saṁhitā : Sanskrit text, English translation, notes & index of verses. Vol. 3, [kāṇḍas 14-20]
Problems in Vedic and Sanskrit literature
Deliver us from evil : studies on the Vedic ideas of salvation
Proof of Vedic culture's global existence
Robert P. Goldman, b. 1942, American Indologist.
Aryan culture in Assam
Methods of knowledge : perceptual, non-perceptual, and transcendental according to Advaita Vedānta
Yajurveda saṁhitā : Sanskrit text, English translation and notes
The Vedas : texts, language & ritual : proceedings of the Third International Vedic Workshop, Leiden 2002
The system of Vedantic thought and culture
The religion and philosophy of the Veda and Upanishads. Part 2
Rice and Barley offerings in the Veda
Religions in ancient India
The Nāsatyans, the chariot and proto-Aryan religion
The cultural heritage of India. Volume III : The philosophies  / editor Haridas Bhattacharyya
Upanisadic anthropologies : models of the body-cosmos interaction in the early Upanisads
Authority, anxiety and canon : essays in Vedic interpretation
The principal Upanishads
Krishna Tulas : (Ocimum sanctum) a monograph
Studies in Hinduism : Vedism and Hinduism
Rules without meaning : ritual, mantras and the human sciences
The Rgvedic deities and their iconic forms
Vedic Aryan India of the Samhitâs
The cultural heritage of India. Volume I : The early phases / introduction by Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan
Selected pages from W. D. Whitney's Atharva-veda : translation and notes
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 48, The Vedânta-Sûtras with the commentary by Rāmānuja, Part 3
Vedic ideals of sovereignty and the poetics of power
Sri Aurobindo birth centenary library : de luxe edition. 10, The secret of the Veda
Transcript of discourses.
Festschrift in honor of 60th birth anniversary of Ganesh Umakant Thite, Sanskritist; comprises contributed articles on various aspects of Vedic literature, Hinduism and Indic philosophy.
Drapsa: the Vedic cycle of eclipses : a key to unlock the treasures of the Vedas
Mm. Professor Kuppuswami Sastri birth-centenary commemoration volume. Part 2, (Select research papers presented at the Birth-Centenary Seminars)
Hymns of the Rgveda. Vol. 2
The anthropology of eastern religions : ideas, organizations, and constituencies
Religions of Asia
Comments on "Indigenous Indoaryans and the Rgveda"
Mantras of the Rig Veda. by David Frawley
Sāmaveda saṁhitā : Sanskrit text with English translation of R. T. H. Griffith
Rig Veda : a metrically restored text with an introduction and notes
Advaita Vedānta : (action and contemplation)
The Vedas
Sexual symbolism from the Vedic ritual
Fatherhood in the Veda
Baka Dālbhya : a complex character in Vedic ritual texts, epics and Purānas
The wisdom of the forest : sages of the Indian Upanisads
Sahityaratnakośaḥ. 1, Vedaśāstrasaṅgrahaḥ : An anthology of the Vedas and Śāstras
Atharva-Veda saṁhitā : Sanskrit text, English translation, notes & index of verses. Vol. 1, [kāṇḍas 1-6]
An Indus pictogram with a double function : a phonetic (rebus) sign and an iconic (religious) symbol
Bhāratī-Bhānam (light of indology) : being K. V. Sarma felicitation volume
Vedic ritual : the non-solemn rites
Bourgeois Hinduism, or the faith of the modern Vedantists : rare discourses from early colonial Bengal
The astronomical code of the R̥gveda
The Vedic religion : or, the creed and practice of the Indo-Aryans three thousand years ago
Indo-European sacred space : Vedic and Roman cult
Concept of Jātavedas in Vedic literature
Indian theories of hermeneutics
The science of the Vedas is the science of man
The religion of the Veda : Die Religion des Veda
Strong arms and drinking strength : masculinity, violence, and the body in ancient India
Hindu myths : a sourcebook translated from the Sanskrit
Eternal relevance of Vedas
Interpreting the Rigveda : comments on Karen  Thomson's approach
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 30, The Grihya-sûtras : rules of Vedic domestic ceremonies, Part 2
Epic and argument in Sanskrit literary history : essays in honor of Robert P. Goldman
Hindu canonical work.
Atharva-Veda saṁhitā : Sanskrit text, English translation, notes & index of verses. Vol. 2, [kāṇḍas 7-13]
From archaeology to a stratigraphy of Vedic syncretism : the banyan tree and the water buffalo as Harappan-Dravidan symbols of royality, inherited in succession by Yama, Varuṇa and Indra, divine kings of the first three layers of Aryan speakers in South Asia
Vedic religion and culture : an exposition of distinct facets
Vedic investigations
Studies in the history of Indian philosophy : an anthology of articles by scholars eastern and western. Vol. 1
India in the Vedic age : (A history of Aryan expansion in India)
The religion of the Veda : the ancient religion of India : (from Rig-Veda to Upanishads)
