http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10319 Cold War
Cold War
Turkish foreign policy : framework and analysis
The Berlin blockade : a study in cold war politics
The Cold War in Asia
The cold war in transition
Leaving Berlin : a novel
Crimes committed by totalitarian regimes : crimes and other gross an large scale human rights violations committed during the reign of totalitarian regimes in Europe : cross-national survey of crimes committed and of their remembrance, recognition, redress, and reconciliation : reports and proceedings of the 8 April European hearing on "Crimes committed by totalitarian regimes", organised by the Slovenian Presidency of the Council of the European Union (January-June 2008) and the European Commission
Beyond the superpower conflict: Introduction to VJHS special issue on cultural exchanges during the Cold War
Britain and the cold war : 1945 as geopolitical transition
Ending the Cold War in Southern Africa
Cold war to détente 1945-85
Twilight struggle : The cold war 1945-1989
The press and the cold war
Cold war or détente in the 1980s : the international politics of American-Soviet relations
A new history of the cold war
Beginnings of the cold war
Cold war and détente : the American foreign policy process since 1945
The cold war as history
Media, interaction and integration : cross-cultural dialogues in the Baltic sea area
Introduction to the Logic of East-West Artistic Interactions
Cold War crises
History of the cold war. [1], From the October revolution to the Korean war, 1917-1950
The spy who came in from the cold
The cold war and its origins 1917-1960. Volume 2 : 1950-1960
Pax Americana
The waiting time
International labour and the origins of the cold war
Peace and development in the Pacific hemisphere
Despite the falling snow
Finland in the United Nations : consistent and credible constructivism
Sowing crisis : the Cold War and American dominance in the Middle East
Cold economic warfare: the creation and prime of CoCom, 1948-1954
Cold war theories. Vol. 1, World polarization, 1943-1953
Tremor of intent : an eschatological spy novel
Policy and economic performance in divided Korea during the Cold War era : 1945-91
Western broadcasting over the iron curtain
Twenty years of crises : the Cold War era
Cold War International History Project bulletin. Issue 11, 1998, Cold War flashpoints : featuring new evidence on: the Polish crisis 1980-1981, Poland in the early Cold War, the Sino-American opening, the Korean War, the Berlin crisis 1958-1962
Science with a human face : the activity of the Czechoslovak scientists František Šorm and Otto Wichterle during the Cold War
Common sense and world affairs
The English-speaking alliance : Britain, the United States, the Dominions and the Cold War 1945-1951
Cold War International History Project bulletin. Issues 6-7, 1995/1996, The Cold War in Asia
The cold war and its origins 1917-1960. Volume 1 : 1917-1950
Cold war diplomacy : American foreign policy, 1945-1975
The cold war : ideological conflict or power struggle?
Neither war nor peace : the struggle for power in the post-war world
Fighters
America, Russia, and the Cold War 1945-1990
History of the cold war. [2], From the Korean war to the present
The word that came in from the cold : perspectives from east and west on the cold war
Involvement by invitation : American strategies of containment in Iran
The cold war : a short history of a world divided
The cold war, military power and the civilian society : report from the conference in Bodø, Sept 12-13, 2002
New East-bloc evidence on The Cold War in the Third World and the collapse of détente in the 1970s
America, Scandinavia, and the Cold War 1945-1949
Conclusion
Iron curtain : the crushing of Eastern Europe, 1945-1956
Free country
From cold war to common currency : a personal perspective on Finland and the EU
The Middle East in the American quest for world order : ideas of power, economics, and social development in United States foreign policy, 1953-1961
A history of war and peace, 1939-1965
Day of judgement : the Cold War epic
Cold War : CIA vs KGB
The United States and Europe in the twentieth century
The great powers in the Middle East 1941-1947 : the road to the Cold War
The cold war : a reappraisal
History of the cold war. From the Korean war to the present
Khrushchev's Beau Geste : the return of Porkkala and its global significance
The imaginary war : civil defence and American cold war culture
History of the cold war : from the Korean war to the present
Cold-War propaganda in the 1950s
Mobilizing against godless globalism : Pat Robertson's analysis and explanations to the end of the Cold War and the beginning of new world order in 1990 - 1991
The unexpected Mrs. Pollifax
Inside China's Cold War
A history of the cold war
"The Korean peninsula during the Cold War provided a cruel but historically unparalleled real-world "experiment" in the relationship between polity and material advance: an ethnically and culturally homogenous nation was, in 1945, suddenly divided by an arbitrary boundary line and then subjected to two radically different and adversarial political economies for successive decades on end. Assessing the competition between the North and South Korean economies from partition to the end of the Soviet era, Nicholas Eberstadt argues that the storyline is not quite as simple as the now-prevailing narrative suggests (that centrally-planned economies are doomed to fail against market-oriented alternatives). Rather, he suggests, the race for material progress was just that: a race, the results of which were far from preordained at the outset. In Policy and Economic Performance in Divided Korea during the Cold War Era: 1945-91, Eberstadt presents an impressive compilation of hard-to-find comparative data on economic performance for the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK, or North Korea) and the Republic of Korea (ROK, or South Korea) over two critical generations. By a number of indicators, Eberstadt argues, Kim Il Sung's North Korea actually outperformed South Korea for much of this period -- not only in the years immediately following partition, but perhaps also into the 1970s. To explain these surprising results, Eberstadt details the impact of government policies on the course of growth of both economies and offers some unorthodox observations about material performance under these two contending polities. He finds that prevailing economic development theory on such issues as planned-versus-market economies, military burden, and the relationship between material advance and poverty, may require reexamination in light of the experience of the two Koreas between partition and the end of the Cold War." --Back cover.
The Moscow option
Alliance policy in the cold war
Cold War International History Project bulletin. Issue 10, 1998, Leadership transition in a fractured bloc
The beginning of the Cold War as a phenomenon of realpolitik : U.S. Secretary of State James F. Byrnes in the field of power politics 1945 - 1947
Exchange alley
Cold war essays
Finland and the cold war
Cold War International History Project bulletin. Issues 8-9, 1996/1997, New East-bloc evidence on The Cold War in the Third World and the collapse of détente in the 1970s
European foreign policy during the Cold War : Heath, Brandt, Pompidou and the dream of political unity
Bernard Brodie and the bomb : at the birth of the bipolar world
Research bulletin
The cold war
From Yalta to Vietnam : American foreign policy in the cold war
Exiles and constituents : Baltic refugees and American Cold War politics, 1948 - 1960
The role of presidential advisory systems in US foreign policy-making : the case of the National Security Council and Vietnam, 1953-1961
A companion to Europe since 1945
Operation Rollback : America's secret war behind the Iron Curtain
On Green Dolphin Street
Divided dreamworlds? : the cultural Cold War in East and West
America's half-century : United States foreign policy in the cold war
The strategy of persuasion : the use of advertising skills in fighting the cold war
Cold war secret nuclear bunkers : The passive defence of the western world during the Cold War
Imagining Europe, imagining the nation : Estonian discussion on European unification, 1923-1957
"A Companion to Europe Since 1945" provides a stimulating guide to numerous important developments which have influenced the political, economic, social, and cultural character of Europe during and since the Cold War. It includes 22 original essays by an international team of expert scholars. It examines the social, intellectual, economic, cultural, and political changes that took place throughout Europe in the Cold War and Post Cold War periods. It discusses a wide range of topics including the Single Market, European-American relations, family life and employment, globalization, consumption, political parties, European decolonization, European identity, security and defence policies, and Europe's fight against international terrorism. It presents Europe in a broad geographical conception, to give equal weighting to developments in the Eastern and Western European states.
Cold War International History Project bulletin
Cold War International History Project bulletin. Issue 5, 1995, Cold War crises
Armed truce : the beginnings of the Cold War 1945-46
International conflict in the twentieth century : a Christian view
Red spies in America : stolen secrets and the dawn of the Cold War
Universities and empire : money and politics in the social sciences during the cold war
Cold War International History Project bulletin. Issue 4, 1994, Soviet nuclear history : sources for Stalin and the bomb
While the divide between capitalism and communism, embodied in the image of the Iron Curtain, seemed to be as wide and definitive as any cultural rift, Giles Scott-Smith, Joes Segal, and Peter Romijn have compiled a selection of essays on how culture contributed to the blurring of ideological boundaries between the East and the West. This important and diverse volume presents fascinating insights into the tensions, rivalries, and occasional cooperation between the two blocs, with essays that represent the cutting edge of Cold War Studies and analyze aesthetic preferences and cultural phenomena as various as interior design in East and West Germany; the Soviet stance on genetics; US cultural diplomacy during and after the Cold War; and the role of popular music as the universal cultural ambassador.An illuminating and wide-ranging survey of interrelated collective dreams from both sides of the Iron Curtain, Divided Dreamworlds? has a place on the bookshelf of any modern historian.
A documentary history of communism. Volume 2, Communism in Russia
Private or national interest? : British foreign economic policy, Finland and the cold war, 1950-1970
America, Russia, and the cold war 1945-1966
Caging the bear : containment and the cold war
Thinker tailor soldier spy
The end of the cold war
The origins of the Cold War
The interplay of east and west : points of conflict and co-operation : with a new epilogue
