http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10362 memes
memes
The selfish meme : a critical reassessment
The world made meme : public conversations and participatory media
Obey the giant : life in the image world
Memes of translation : the spread of ideas in translation theory
Can jokes bring down governments?
Destination image of Saint Petersburg : use of meme maps
Ontopsychology and memetics
Darwinizing culture : the status of memetics as a science
Dawkins' God : genes, memes, and the meaning of life
Internet memes as statements and entertainment
The watchman's rattle : thinking our way out of extinction
Internet memes -- digital snippets that can make a joke, make a point, or make a connection -- are now a lingua franca of online life. They are collectively created, circulated, and transformed by countless users across vast networks. Most of us have seen the cat playing the piano, Kanye interrupting, Kanye interrupting the cat playing the piano. In The World Made Meme, Ryan Milner argues that memes, and the memetic process, are shaping public conversation. It's hard to imagine a major pop cultural or political moment that doesn't generate a constellation of memetic texts. Memetic media, Milner writes, offer participation by reappropriation, balancing the familiar and the foreign as new iterations intertwine with established ideas. New commentary is crafted by the mediated circulation and transformation of old ideas. Through memetic media, small strands weave together big conversations. Milner considers the formal and social dimensions of memetic media, and outlines five basic logics that structure them: multimodality, reappropriation, resonance, collectivism, and spread. He examines how memetic media both empower and exclude during public conversations, exploring the potential for public voice despite everyday antagonisms. Milner argues that memetic media enable the participation of many voices even in the midst of persistent inequality. This new kind of participatory conversation, he contends, complicates the traditional culture industries. When age-old gatekeepers intertwine with new ways of sharing information, the relationship between collective participation and individual expression becomes ambivalent. For better or worse -- and Milner offers examples of both -- memetic media have changed the nature of public conversations.
Science, bread, and circuses : folkloristic essays on science for the masses
'The internet is weird' : folkloristics in the digital age
Genes, memes, culture, and mental illness : toward an integrative model
Abstract: Destination image of Saint Petersburg : use of meme maps.
Spiral dynamics : mastering values, leadership and change
Aliens, ghosts, and cults : legends we live
Aaron and Ahmed
Richard Dawkins : how a scientist changed the way we think : reflections by scientists, writers, and philosophers
Impact of status and meme content on the spread of memes in virtual communities
The electric meme : a new theory of how we think
The robot's rebellion : finding meaning in the age of Darwin
Virus of the mind : the new science of the meme
Circulating social imaginaries : theoretical and methodological reflections
Leaps and bounds : towards an integrative theory of cultural evolution
Explains why the human brain has such difficulty dealing with complex global problems and provides a method for surmounting these limitations in order to end the blights of worldwide recession, global warming, fast-spreading viruses, famine, and poverty.
Memes versus signs : on the use of meaning concepts about nature and culture
Discrimination against men : appearance and causes in the context of a modern welfare state
Breaking the spell : religion as a natural phenomenon
Genes, memes, and human history : Darwinian archaeology and cultural evolution
The evolving self : a psychology for the third millennium
The origin of speech
Why fairy tales stick : the evolution and relevance of a genre
The grumpy guide to life : Observations from Grumpy at
Social information transmission and human biology ; d edited by Jonatha C. K. Wells, Simon Strickland and Kevin Laland
We examined the influence of meme consistency (vs. inconsistency) and intragroup status on the spread of memes in virtual communities. Prior research suggests that information consistent with the theme of the group is remembered better and that ideas threatening to the group identity are rejected. In addition, previous research shows that low-status group members mimic high-status members and communicate with them to seek information and approval. We analyzed social interactions among members of four online forums from January 1, 2010, to February 21, 2014. Contrary to our prediction, our results show that memes initiated by low-status members spread faster than memes started by high- or moderate-status members. In line with prior research, memes that were consistent with a forum theme were spread more frequently than inconsistent memes..
Virality : contagion theory in the age of networks
Infomaniacs
The meme machine
The view from memetics
"In Science, Bread, and Circuses, Gregory Schrempp brings a folkloristic slant to the topic of popular science, calling attention to the persistence of folkloric form, idiom, and worldview within the increasingly important dimension of popular consciousness defined by the impact of science. Schrempp considers specific examples of texts in which science writers employ folkloric tropes - myths, legends, proverbs, or a variety of gestures from religious tradition - to lend authority or credibility to their message. In each essay he explores an instance of science popularization rooted in the quotidian round: variations of folkloric formulae in monumental measurements, invocations of science-heroes like saints or other inspirational figures, the battle of mythos and logo in parenting and academe; how the meme has become embroiled in quasi-religious treatments of the problem of evil, and a range of other tropes of folklore drafted into the service of exposition of scientific topics. Science, Bread, and Circuses places the relationship of science and folklore is at the very center of folkloristic inquiry in an attempt to rephrase and thus domesticate scientific findings and claims in folklorically-imbued popular forms"--
The memetics of music : a neo-Darwinian view of musical structure and culture
The watchman's rattle : a radical new theory of collapse
And then there's this : how stories live and die in viral culture
The theory of folklorist Lauri Honko, 1932-2002 : the ecology of tradition
Grumpy cat : a grumpy book
