http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10327 forest income
forest income
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja = Statistisk årsbok för Finland = Statisical yearbook of Finland. 1991.
Statistics in focus. Agriculture and fisheries
Income and time dependence of forest product demand elasticities and implications for forecasting
Geographical aspects of forest returns on Finnish farms
Lumberjack culture in Finnish Lapland
The short-run supply of rounwood under nonlinear income taxation : theory, estimation methods and empirical results based on swedish data
Role of community forestry in rural livelihood and poverty alleviation in Ohangwena and Caprivi Regions in Namibia
Timber sale program annual report : fiscal year 1992 : state level information
Timber sale program annual report : fiscal year 1992 : national summary
Forest related resources, industries, services and know-how in the border regions of the European Union
Forest taxation and rotation age under private amenity valuation : new results
Regulating timber concessions in Tsholotsho, Zimbabwe
Determining the outcome of forest regeneration
Cloudberry yields and factors affecting the yield in northern Finland
Some economic aspects of growing forest stands
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2008 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2008 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2008.. 2008 : 103. vuosikerta = årgång 103 = volume 103
Willingness to take financial risks in non-industrial private forestry : does gender matter?
Responding to basic needs : income generation from minor forest products in Nepal
Economic accounts for agriculture and forestry
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
Abstract.
Forest rotation periods and land values under borrowing constraint
An evaluation of the impact of commercial forest policy in the Indonesian economy
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja = Statistisk årsbok för Finland = Statistical yearbook of Finland. 2000.
Emerging issues in employment and income in the United Kingdom
Progressive income taxation and the supply of roundwood
Optimal design of forest and capital income taxation in an economy with an Austrian sector
Globalisation increases inequality of incomes
METSO - forest income calculation system
In view of improving multi-country forest sector models, this study investigated to what extent the price and income elasticity of demand for forest products had changed in the past two decades, and how much they depended on the countries income level. For each of seven major product groups annual observations were divided between high-income (top 20% in gross domestic product per capita) and low-income, and between recent (2004-2013) and older (1992-2003) observations. The results indicated that for sawnwood and particleboard the data could be pooled across all countries and years. For the other commodity groups (veneer & plywood, fiberboard, newsprint, printing & writing paper, other paper & paperboard), there were statistically significant differences in gross domestic product or price elasticity between high and low-income levels or old and recent observations. Efficient elasticities were obtained by pooling the maximum number of observations while respecting the statistically significant differences. The resulting GDP elasticities were the same, or very close, across income levels for all products. The price elasticities differed by income level only for newsprint and for veneer and plywood. International forest sector projections to 2065 obtained with these elasticities compared with those based on pooling all data across time and income levels gave less than 3% difference for world consumption of sawnwood, particleboard, fiberboard, and newsprint, but 19% higher consumption for veneer and plywood, 31% for printing and writing paper, and 18% for other paper and paperboard. The world price was 1% to 11% higher for end products and 3% to 22% higher for raw materials and intermediate products..
Model-based resource estimates for bilberry and cowberry in Finland
National environmental accounting : bridging the gap between ecology and economy
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2007 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2007 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2007
Land- und Forstwirtschaftliche gesamtrechnung, 1984-1989 = Economic accounts for agriculture and forestry, 1984-1989 : Theme 5 Agriculture, forestry and fisheries : Series C Accounts, surveys and statistics = Comptes économiques de l'agriculture et de la sylviculture, 1984-1989 : Thème 5 Agriculture, sylviculture et pêche : Série C Coomptes, enquêtes et statistiques
Timber sale program annual report : fiscal year 1992 : forest level information
Variations of yield and utilisation of bilberries (Vaccinium myrtillus L.) and cowberries (V. vitis-idaea L.) in Finland
The road to prosperity : an economic history of Finland
