http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10322 foreign labour
foreign labour
Haven without a brand : Baltic Sea region seen by Asian students and professionals
Guidelines to prevent abusive recruitment, exploitative employment and trafficking of migrant workers in the Baltic Sea region
Managing labour migration in Europe : ideas, knowledge and policy change
Finnish sport organizations' strategies for foreign player adaptation : possible challenges
Labour migration has become one of the hot topics in Europe, especially since 2000 with the shift from restriction to managed migration. This book provides an authoritative account of policy change over labour migration in Europe during this new era of governance.
Labor movement : how migration regulates labor markets
Human resource management in China revisited
Two caravans
Inclusion or exclusion : trade union strategies and labor migration?
The foreign worker and the German labor movement : xenophobia and solidarity in the coal fields of the Ruhr, 1871-1914
Adapting to a Finnish workplace : case: occupational immigration of Chinese metal workers
Abstract.
Adapting to a Finnish workplace : case : occupational immigration of Chinese metal workers
The slog of foreigners : guide for foreign labour and companies in Finnish shipbuilding
Immigration strategy for Northern Ostrobothnia 2015
Applying map and compass theory developed by Kirsi Kauko in Humanlink Finland Oy
Gender and family among transnational professionals
This article deals with the positive and negative consequences of foreign labour migration in Russia. The authors emphasize that Russia is not a homogeneous country. The socio-economic implications for regions differ. This study has found foreign labour migration to be a complicated socio-economic phenomenon, which has a dual effect on the labor market in Russia: on the one hand it is filling the gap in the labour force caused by the demographic crisis; on the other hand it increases the tension on the labour market because of migrants.
The international migration of health workers
Yhteenveto (Summary in Finnish)
Birds of passage : migrant labor and industrial societies
Migration in the new Europe : East-West revisited
The work of strangers : a survey of international labour migration
Cross-cultural effectiveness : a study of Canadian technical advisors overseas = L'efficacité interculturelle : une étude des conseillers techniques canadiens à l'étranger
New perspectives on gender and migration : livelihood, rights and entitlements
The Experiences of Finnish companies about the Quality of Chinese Labor : Comparison between Chinese and Finnish work cultures
The charting and evaluation of cultural guidebooks that are directed to enterprises
U.S. agriculture and foreign workers : an annotated bibliography
Recruitment of foreign IT professionals in Finland
Circular migration between Guatemala and Canada : perspectives of migrant workers
Jobs for Latina immigrants as domestic workers in the United States
Sending workers abroad : a manual for low- and middle-income countries
A comparison of personal and professional cultures as important considerations in the recruitment of foreign nurses
Finland and the international movement of people in changing Europe
Doing the dirty work? : the global politics of domestic labour
Moral economies of reproductive labour : an ethnography of migrant domestic and care labour in Naples, Italy
Migrant professionals in the city : local encounters, identities and inequalities
Locked in Inferiority? : The Positions of Estonian Construction Workers in the Finnish Migrant Labour Regime
When can you start? : a practical guide to recruiting in Europe
International Graduates Journey to Finnish Job Market : The Challenges International Graduates Face In Finnish Job Market
Employers' intention to hire highly educated foreign workforce in the Kokkola region : implications for higher education
Korean labor market after the 1997 economic crisis
Contesting integration, engendering migration : theory and practice
Protecting migrant workers' human rights : a trade union view
Maahanmuutto työvoiman tarpeen täyttäjänä / Satisfying labour demand through migration / produced by European Migration Network
Opportunities for labour hiring from non-EU and non-EEA countries : the project on the future challenges to the immigration policy
The Politics of immigrant workers : labor activism and migration in the world economy since 1830
Integration of foreign employees in German companies
Welcome to Seinäjoki region portal
The economics of illegal immigration
National action plan for facilitating the process of recruiting foreign labour
Housing talent : residential satisfaction among skilled migrants in the Helsinki metropolitan area
Liberating temporariness? : migration, work, and citizenship in an age of insecurity
Promoting immigrants' democratic participation and integration
Global careerists' identity construction : a narrative study of repeat expatriates and international itinerants
Producing and negotiating non-citizenship : precarious legal status in Canada
Temporary labour migration in the global area : the regulatory challenges
Expatriates in Asia : breaking free from the colonial paradigm
This book examines Polish migration to Ireland in the context of 'new mobilities in Europe'. It includes detailed accounts of the working lives of a group of mainly skilled Polish migrants in Dublin. They were interviewed at regular intervals as part of a Qualitative Panel Study. Through this novel methodology, their careers and aspirations were traced as Ireland moved from 'boom to bust'. What the research documents is a new experience of mobility which, it is suggested, is indicative of a broader trend in Europe. As 'free movers', Polish migrants were more mobile across countries and within national labour markets. Ireland's 'goldrush' labour market created a seemingly endless demand for new labour. To understand how Irish firms utilised the new migrant workforce, the book also draws on interviews with employers. It thus locates the actions of both sides of the employment relationship in the particular socio-economic context in Ireland post-2004.
Executive summary.
The question of seasonal migration and the practice of wild berry picking in Lapland
The book provides an evaluation of some of the problems with current processes and policies on integration in Europe, both in relation to broader aims of democratization and in relation to the ways in which gendered assumptions and practices are embedded in the policies and outcomes of European migration regimes. The book analyses integration as a contested concept, providing a cross-disciplinary theoretical, empirical and policy-oriented analysis of the integration-migration nexus. Integration is analysed sociologically, politically and legally as a concept that reinforces boundaries of ethnicity and problematizes difference and diversity. Particular foci of the book include theoretical and empirical aspects of migrant incorporation in Europe; citizenship, belonging and migration; gendered structures, experiences and policies; and the strategies of migrants in coping with nationally embedded protectionism. The book also explores notions of solidarity, cosmopolitanism and interculturalism, which can inform a more coherent and sustainable approach to social incorporation and inclusion within modern societies. --Book Jacket.
Finnish trade unions and immigrant labor
Migration in Russia : pros and cons
Hitler's foreign workers : enforced foreign labor in Germany under the third reich
New mobilities in Europe : Polish migration to Ireland post-2004
The economics of labour migration
Nice work if you can get it : life and labor in precarious times
Tööjõupuuduse leevendamine migratsiooni kaudu = Satisfying labour demand through migration in Estonia
Comparison of the postwar and post-cold war generations of temporary foreign worker admissions
How to develop / redesign city of Valkeakoski web page to aid immigrant workers : upgrading of Valkeakoski website taking immigrant workers into consideration
Labour migration in Europe
This book focuses on the language of proofs, argument and rhetoric in educational research. It also explores the language of particular debates significant to the wider educational context, such as the language of goals, parenting, and citizenship.
Transnational migration to Israel in global comparative context
The low percentage of immigrant workers in the strong Finnish economy : an anomaly that challenges the main theories of migration?
Migrant workers in Russia : global challenges of the shadow economy in societal transformation
Immigrant small businesses in Uppsala : disadvantage in labour market and success in small business activities
Exploring migrant labour motivation in the Finnish labour market
Competing for global talent
Rationalizing migration decisions : labour migrants in East and South-East Asia
Inpatriate's adjustment to Finnish working life, inpatriate's and employer's point of view : case: ABB
Forbidden workers : illegal Chinese immigrants and American labor
Comparison of expatriation and inpatriation assignments from employees' perspective : a case of United States Steel corporation
Marketing dreams, manufacturing heroes : the transnational labor brokering of Filipino workers
Acculturation of foreign IT workers in Japan from a cognitive and business management viewpoint
Facilitating orientation : An Orientation Guide for Foreign Nurses Coming to Work in Nurmikoti Nursing Home
Immigrant performance in the labour market : bonding and bridging social capital
Reefer madness and other tales from the American underground
From internal market regulation to European labour law
Asian migrants and European labour markets : patterns and processes of immigrant labour market insertion in Europe
Foreigners and employment in the Pirkanmaa region : an assessment on tutoring provided by TAMK BBA programme
Costs and benefits of cross-country labour migration in the GMS
Germany for the Germans? : the political effects of international migration
Merchants of labour
Trade union rights as human rights for migrant workers and the limitations under current implementation mechanism with case study of United Kingdom
No zoo : ethnic civility and its cultural regulation among the staff of a Finnish high-tech company
Adapting to a Finnish workplace : case : occupational immigration of Chinese metal workers.
The key strengths and improvement areas in international executive search operations / Case company: Korn/Ferry International Oy
Agency of labour in a flexible pan-European labour market : a qualitative study of migrant practices and trade union strategies in the Netherlands
There has been a tendency amongst feminists to see domestic work as the great leveller, a common burden imposed on all women equally by patriarchy. This unique study of migrant domestic workers in the North uncovers some uncomfortable facts about the race and class aspects of domestic oppression. Based on original research, it looks at the racialisation of paid domestic labour in the North - a phenomenon which challenges feminsim and political theory at a fundamental level. The book opens with an exploration of the public/private divide and an overview of the debates on women and power. The author goes on to provide a map of employment patterns of migrant women in domestic work in the North; she describes the work they perform, their living and working conditions and their employment relations. A chapter on the US explores the connections between slavery and contemporary domestic service while a section on commodification examines the extent to which migrant domestic workers are not selling their labour but their whole personhood. The book also looks at the role of the Other in managing dirt, death and pollution and the effects of the feminisation of the labour market - as middle class white women have greater presence in the public sphere, they are more likely to push responsibility for domestic work onto other women.
International practice and policy trends in international labour immigration
Talent available : tapping the expat talent pool
Labour immigration in Southern Europe : African employment in Iberian labour markets
