http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10382 daily allowances
daily allowances
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2014= FPAs statistiska årsbok 2014 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2014.
Tilasto Suomen työttömyysturvasta 2008 = Statistik om arbetslöshetsskyddet i Finland 2008 = Statistical yearbook on unemployment protection in Finland 2008.
The effect of receiving supplementary UI benefits on unemployment duration
Partial unemployment insurance benefits and the transition rate to regular work
Tilasto Suomen työttömyysturvasta 2007 = Statistik om arbetslöshetsskyddet i Finland = Statistical yearbook on unemployment protection in Finland
Effect of partial sick leave on work participation
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2012 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2012 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2012.
Tilasto Suomen työttömyysturvasta 2003 = Statistik om arbetslöshetsskyddet i Finland 2003 = Statistical yearbook on unemployment protection in Finland 2003
Tilasto Suomen työttömyysturvasta 2009 = Statistik om arbetslöshetsskyddet i Finland = Statistical yearbook on unemployment protection in Finland
Disability and employment : lessons from reforms
Abstract.
Without a trace
Institutional rules, labour demand and disability programme participation
Income benefits for early exit from the labour market in eight European countries : a comparative study
The long shadow
Unemployment benefits and social assistance in seven European countries : a comparative study
Tilasto Suomen työttömyysturvasta 2008 = Statistik om arbetslöshetsskyddet i Finland = Statistical yearbook on unemployment protection in Finland
Tilasto Suomen työttömyysturvasta 2009 = Statistik om arbetslöshetsskyddet i Finland 2009 = Statistical yearbook on unemployment protection in Finland 2009.
Abstract (1 s.).
Public transfers and private help : support networks of marginalised and poor individuals in Sweden in the 1990s
Hunting for per diem : the uses and abuses of travel compensation in three developing countries
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2013 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2013 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2013.
Tiivistelmä. - Abstract.
sammandrag - abstract.
"Reduced work participation of working age population with health problems is a key societal concern in many Western countries, including Finland. Thus, activating people with partial work ability and keeping them in the workforce has been a common objective of many social and health policies. Scientific evaluation of the effectiveness of the policy measures has, however, been limited. This study examined the effectiveness and efficacy of partial sickness benefit and related partial sick leave on return to work, work retention and work participation in Finland when compared to regular full sick leave. Different study designs and methods were adopted to overcome the methodological challenges encountered in the study." -- (Back Cover)
The broad tracks of path dependent benefit reforms : a longitudinal study of social benefit reforms in three European countries, 1980-2006
Child care, parental leave, and the under 3s : policy innovation in Europe
