http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10347 supernovae
supernovae supernovas
Proceedings of the 363. WE-Heraeus Seminar on Neutron Stars and Pulsars : 40 years after the discovery : (Posters and contributed talks) : [May 14-19, 2006, Physikzentrum Bad Honnef (Germany)] ; edited by W. Becker & H. H. Huang
Evolution and stellar content of AGN host galaxies
Unseen cosmos : the universe in radio
Supernova-neutrino induced reactions on molybdenum via neutral-currents
Theoretical estimates of supernova-neutrino cross sections for the stable even-even lead isotopes: Charged-current reactions
Neutron stars in supernova remnants : proceedings of a workshop held at Boston, Massachusetts, USA, 14-17 August 2001
Proceedings of the Japanese-German Workshop on High Energy Astrophysics
Distant supernovae and galaxies in the Stockholm VIMOS supernova survey
Neutrino-nucleus scattering off 136Xe
Observations of distant supernovae and cosmological implications
Supernovae in dense and dusty environments
The standard model, the supernova 1987A : proceedings of the Leptonic Session of the Twenty-second Rencontre de Moriond, Les Arcs-Savoie-France, March 8-15, 1987. Vol. 1
Constraints for core-collapse supernova progenitors with the Chandra X-ray Observatory
Supernovae and Supernova Remnants : IAU Colloquium 145
Galactic high-energy astrophysics, high accuracy timing and positional astronomy : lectures held at the Astrophysics School IV organized by the European Astrophysics Doctoral Network (EADN) in Graz, Austria, 19-31 August 1991
Cosmic catastrophes : exploding stars, black holes, and mapping the universe
The supernova story
Studies of sterile neutrinos in astrophysics
The frequency of supernovae in the early universe
Dramatic advances in ground-based and space astronomy, together with observations of the serendipitous supernova 1987A, have led to the study of supernovae and supernova remnants becoming one of the most active and rewarding fields in today's astrophysics. To take stock of these exciting developments and to give focus to future research, the International Astronomical Union held a colloquium in Xian, China, for the world's leading experts and this volume gathers together their articles.The articles summarise our knowledge of supernova 1987A and give the first results on supernova 1993J. They not only demonstrate the latest techniques for interpreting spectra and light curves of supernovae, but show how they can be applied to measuring the cosmic distance scale. They also cover recent advances in theories for type I and type II supernovae, and observations and interpretations of supernova remnants. Two appendices provide a unique reference of newly discovered supernovae and supernova remnants.Together these forty review articles provide an up-to-date and wide-ranging review of our understanding of supernovae and supernova remnants for graduate students and researchers.
Supernova remnants and their pulsar wind nebulae
Extreme explosions : supernovae, hypernovae, magnetars, and other unusual cosmic blasts
Interstellar turbulence and magnetic fields : the role of supernova explosions
Nuclear structure and neutrino-nucleus reactions at supernova energies
The sun and stars
On the propagation of thermonuclear flames in type Ia supernovae
Proceedings of the 270. WE-Heraeus Seminar on Neutron Stars, Pulsars and Supernova Remnants : [January 21-25, 2002, Physikzentrum Bad Honnef (Germany)]
The chilling stars : a new theory of climate change
Detection of Radio Supernovae with the VLA
Spectral modeling of nebular-phase supernovae
Inhomogeneous cosmologies with clustered dark energy or a local matter void
