http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10305 recorder (flute instruments)
recorder (flute instruments)
Playalong 20/20 recorder : 20 easy pop hits
Fun and games with the recorder : method for descant recorder. 3, Tutor book
Eighteen short studies for treble recorder
Fiftyseven recorders
The FJH recorder method for everyone. Book 1 : With CD
Kissan polkka : kahdelle nokkahuilulle = för två blockflöjter = for two blockflutes = Kattpolska = Cat's Polka
MORE POPULAR SONGS FOR THE RECORDER. - WISE
Suzuki recorder school : soprano recorder. Volume 1, Accompaniment part : keyboard and continuo
Recorder magic : descant tutor book 1
Carl Dolmetsch and the recorder repertoire of the 20th century
First book of treble recorder solos
'T Uitnement kabinet : I, Werken voor sopraan-blokfluit of ander melodie-instrument
Recorder from the beginning : Blues, rags & boogies : Pupil's book
Christmas hits : easy playalong for recorder
Around the world with my recoder
Children's favourites
English country dance tunes : for two descant (or tenor) recorders : adapted,  from settings by F. J. Giesbert, by Edgar H. Hunt
The recorder consort : forty seven pieces for recorder consort
Simple folk duets for descant recorders
Fun and games with the recorder : method for descant recorder. 3, Tune book
The best of time & rhythm. Easy pieces for two recorders (SS or SA) and percussion ad lib. = Leichte Stücke für zwei Blockflöten (SS oder SA) und Percussion ad lib. = Pièces faciles pour deux flûtes à bec (SSS ou SA) et percussion ad lib
The quarter-tone recorder manual
Piano accompaniments : for the revised edition of The school recorder book one : revised edition. 1
The modern recorder player. Vol 3
Recorder : Chart hits
Kissan polkka kahdelle nokkahuilulle = kattpolska för två blockflöjter = cat's polka for two blocklutes
Recorder from the beginning. Book 1 : New edition / by John Pitts
Play recorder today! : a complete guide to the basics
Cinderella : music from the motion picture soundtrack [with easy instructions and fingering chart]
The school recorder. Book 1, for descant recorder
Method for the treble recorder : with duets for student and teacher : appendix: technical studies for the solo recorder
The Cambridge companion to the recorder
Teach yourself recorder : DVD edition
Sing, clap and play the recorder. Book 1, A descant recorder book for beginners
Recorder technique : intermediate to advanced
101 Christmas melodies : for descant (soprano) recorder
Fund and games with the recorder : method for descant recorder : teacher's commentary for Tutor books 1, 2 and 3
The recorder consort. Volume 2, forty-four pieces for recorder consort
Ensemble for recorders and guitar : Spielstücke für Blockflöten und Gitarre. 1, Easy pieces = Leichte Stücke
Mel Bay's recorder book of Medieval and Renaissance music
Suzuki recorder school : alto recorder. Volume 1, Recorder part
Beginning the recorder : book 2.
Walt Disney songs for the recorder
Kissan polkka : kahdelle nokkahuilulle = Kattpolska : för två blockflöjter = Cat's polka : for two blockflutes
Sing, clap and play the recorder. Book 2, a descant recorder book for intermediate players
The Chester first recorder book of nursery rhymes
Around the world with my recorder
Recorder from the beginning : blues, rags & boogies : teacher's book
American folk music for recorder
Abracadabra recorder. 7, First tunes for treble recorder
First book of descant recorder solos
Kids tv themes : easy playalong for recorder
Mel Bay's famous melodies for recorder
Folklore international : für zwei Violinen (Altblockflöten, Querflöten) mit 3. Stimme ad lib. = for two violins (treble recorders, flutes) with 3. part ad lib. 3
Christmas favourites for recorder
The recorder : a guide to writings about the instrument for players and researches
Fun and games with the recorder : method for descant recorder. 1, Tune book
Beatles hits. 2: Another fun-sized songbook for young recorder players
Fun and games with the recorder : method for descant recorder. 1, Tutor book
French renaissance dances for four recorders : with ornamentation instructions and choreographies = Französische Tänze aus der Renaissance für vier Blockflöten : mit Verzierungshinweisen und Choreographien = Danses françaises de la renaissance pour quatre flûtes a bec : avec indications pour les ornements et les chorégraphies = Francia reneszánsz táncok négy furulyára : díszítési útmutatóval és koreográfiákkal
O'Carolan's tunes for descant / sopraano recorder
12 melodious exercises : for descant recorder
Pokemon 2.B.A master : recorder fun!
The Chappell recorder book
Recorder from the beginning. Book 2
Fun and games with the recorder : method for descant recorder. 2, Tutor book
Recorder showtime : Elementary : Melody, lyrics, guitar
Music for the recorder : Folk songs of the United States
Recorder from the beginning. Book 1
Celtic music for recorder
Songs for the recorder from Oliver : Outstanding Selections : Published complete with lyrics and guitar diagrams : Plus a six page introduction to playing the recorder
Consort songs
Pop hits 2.
101 Christmas melodies for descant (soprano) recorder
Serenade forrecorder trio
Rudiments of the flute, recorder and oboe
The FJH recorder songbook for everyone. Book 1
Blockflöten Trio Junior : für Sopran- und Altblockflöten = Recorder trio junior : for soprano and alto recorders. 3.
Disney for flute
Beatles : easy playalong for recorder
Playing the flute, recorder and other woodwind
Songs for the recorder
Musicque de joye : proceedings of the international symposium on the renaissance flute and recorder consort, Utrecht 2003
Twelve Dances : from Arbeau's Orchesography
Mel bay's folk melodies for recorder
The complete recorder sonatas
The modern recorder player. Volume 1
Principles of the flute, recorder & oboe
The modern recorder player. Vol 2
Recorder wizard
Basic recorder method
Progressive recorder method for young beginners : book 2
Old MacDonald's Christmas book for recorder
Christmas memories : C instrument, Bb instrument, Eb instrument, F instrument : Sing or play-along to your favorite Christmas songs
Discover the lead : recorder : Chart hits
Old MacDonald's recorder book. 1
Piano accompaniments : for the revised edition of The school recorder book 2. 2
Progressive first recorder book : for beginners
Teletubbies : The music book. Recorder
Pop hits book. 1
Recorder from the beginning. Book 3
The best of time & rhythm. Intermediate-level pieces for three recorders (SSA) and percussion ad lib. = Mittelschwere Stücke für drei Blockflöten (SSA) und Percussion ad lib. = Pièces intermédiaires pour deux [i.e. trois] flûtes à bec (SSA) et percussion ad lib
A guide to playing the recorder
ADVANCED RECORDER TECHNIQUE
Flutes, reeds and trumpets: 2nd pr
Kids can play recorder : easy-to-follow step-by-step instructions for children
Two-part canzonets for voices and instruments (viols or recorders)
The modern recorder player. Volume 2
Movie themes : for alto recorder
The recorder and its music
Recorder debut : 12 easy pieces for beginners : for soprano recorder with optional 2nd part for soprano or alto recorder
Fun and games with the recorder : method for descant recorder. 2, Tune book
How to play the recorder : a step-by-step guide
Top hits : [with easy instructions & fingering chart]
Play recorder : master the basics as you step into the exciting world of playing the recorder
Ensemble for recorders and guitar : Spielstücke für Blockflöten und Gitarre. 2, moderately difficult pieces = mittelschwere Stücke
Suzuki recorder school : alto recorder. Volume 1, Accompaniment part : keyboard and continuo
Recorder world : method for recorder. Book 2
Early music for recorders : an introduction and guide to its interpretation, and history, for amateurs
Recorder world : method for recorder. Book 1
Abracadabra recorder. 6, Hymns and Carols for Recorder
Play pop recorder [Nuottijulkaisu]
The school of recorder. Book 2, for descant (continued), treble, tenor and bass records
30 famous tunes : for descant recorder and keyboard
Recorder from the beginning. Blues, rags & boogies : Pupil's book
Making musical instruments : illustrated with black-and-white photographs, drawings and full-color photographs
Mel Bay's recorder songbook : A collection of folk songs from the Americas, Europe and Australia
TOGETHER FOR TWO RECORDERS AND GUITAR 1.
Recorder debut : 12 easy pieces for beginner : for soprano recorder with optional 2nd part for soprano or alto recorder
The Beatles
JAZZ FOR THE RECORDER : A CONTRASTING SELECTION..
More popular songs for the recorder
Recorder in the baroque era
Songs from Frozen, Tangled and Enchanted
The Chester first recorder book of popular tunes
