http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10325 French language
French language
French guaranteed : the all-audio beginner's course
1000 first words in french
Quickstart French
Assessing foreign language listening comprehension by means of the multiple-choice format : processes and products
French in 30 days
Dictionnaire français-anglais, anglais-français = French-English, English-French dictionary
Tripleplay plus! French : multimedia games & conversations
Learn French. vol.1 : introduction to French
French guaranteed
One-day French
Interlingual phraseology in Der Vorleser by Bernhard Schlink : a contrastive analysis of the English and French translation
French all-in-one for dummies
Destination French
French liaison and linguistic theory
The pragmatics of left detachment in spoken standard French
Journal of French language studies
French idiom list : based on a count of 1,183.000 running words
Modern French grammar : a practical guide
Conversational French : a course for adults
AA essential French phrase book
How do you say that in French? : 1000 words and phrases for kids
Friends, Gauls, countrymen : strategies for translating allusions in Asterix from French to English
Get by in French : the all-in-one language and travel guide
The teaching of French as a foreign language in eight countries ; John B. Carroll ; with a foreword by Torsten Husén ; [publ. by] International association for the evaluation of educational achievement (IEA)
Complete French
Hedging in immigration discourse : a comparative study of French and Swedish radio debates
Juste un mot : Small talk french
French phrase book & dictionary
Oxford children's French - English visual dictionary
French conversation
French : the complete course. 2B
The vocabulary of modern French : origins, structure and function
Phonetics and diction in Singing : Italian, French, Spanish, German
Fast French
The sounds of French : an introduction
When in French : love in a second language
French grammar in context : analysis and practice
French : the complete course. 3B
Teach yourself french : compact disc to accompany the Teach yourself coursebook
Essential French vocabulary
French for dummies
Online dictionary of crystallography
Variability in spoken French : a sociolinguistic study of interrogation and negation
Brush up your French = Repolissez votre français : conversations. 1, First series
A language barrier is no match for love. Lauren Collins discovered this firsthand when, in her early thirties, she moved to London and fell for a Frenchman named Olivier--a surprising turn of events for someone who didn't have a passport until she was in college. But what does it mean to love someone in a second language? Collins wonders, as her relationship with Olivier continues to grow entirely in English. Are there things she doesn't understand about Olivier, having never spoken to him in his native tongue? Does "I love you" even mean the same thing as "je t'aime"? When the couple, newly married, relocates to Francophone Geneva, Collins--fearful of one day becoming "a Borat of a mother" who doesn't understand her own kids--decides to answer her questions for herself by learning French.  When in Frenchis a laugh-out-loud funny and surprising memoir about the lengths we go to for love, as well as an exploration across culture and history into how we learn languages--and what they say about who we are. Collins grapples with the complexities of the French language, enduring excruciating role-playing games with her classmates at a Swiss language school and accidently telling her mother-in-law that she's given birth to a coffee machine. In learning French, Collins must wrestle with the very nature of French identity and society--which, it turns out, is a far cry from life back home in North Carolina. Plumbing the mysterious depths of humanity's many forms of language, Collins describes with great style and wicked humor the frustrations, embarrassments, surprises, and, finally, joys of learning--and living in--French -
More French, s'il vous plaît!
French for starters
French in action : a beginning course in language and culture : the Capretz method : workbook. Part 1
Fast French in a day : "now you're talking!"
Business French : key words in context
"Kattokaa nyt missa? se kieli on" : English and French teachers' views on pronunciation and its teaching
The French-speaking world : a practical introduction to sociolinguistic issues
The phraseology of administrative French : a corpus-based study
French : the complete course. 2A
Basic French
Say it right in French : easily pronounced language systems
French visual phrase book & CD
Tuomioistuinsanasto = Domstolsordlista = Glossary of court terms = Glossar der Gerichtsterminologie = Vocabulaire de la justice
The French experience. 1 : the complete beginner level French pack
French
French : the complete course. 3, High intermediate / part A.
Canadian multidisciplinary journals, books, proceedings, theses and other documents; anything predating the last two years of publication is freely available.
French : the complete course. 3A
Talk French
FRENCH IN THREE MONTHS
Using quantitative methods in measuring students' lexical competence
French For dummies
Talk French. 2
Absolute beginner's business French
Jump into french : key word and phrases
French essentials for dummies
Easy french reader
Learn in your car French complete language course
French vocabulary : a complete learning tool
Topic, antitopic and verb agreement in non-standard French
French : complete language pack : learn in just 15 minutes a day
More street French : slang, idioms, and popular expletives
Living French : a grammar-based course
The French language in the seventeenth century : contemporary opinion in France
Facon de parler. 1 : French for beginners : coursebook
The Environmental Dictionary EnDic covers a wide field of environmental protection and nature conservation - e.g. such fields as meteorology, hydrology, environmental engineering, water supply and wastewater treatment, waste management, and the environmental policy of the EU.
French : the complete course. 3, High intermediate / part B.
First 200 words in French : learning is fun with Teddy the Bear!
New basic French
French All-in-one : For dummies
My first 100 French words
Exploring the French language
Chtimi : the urban vernaculars of Nothern France
