http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10321 work permits
work permits
Suomen kansainvälisten lapseksiottamisasioiden lautakunta : toimintakertomus 2009 = Nämnden för internationella adoptionsärenden i Finland : verksamhetsberättelse 2009 = The Finnish Board of Inter-Country Adoption Affairs : annual report 2009.
Working as a registered nurse in Finland
How to get a job abroad : [a handbook of opportunities and contacts]
Kansainvälisten opiskelijoiden maahanmuutto Euroopan Unioniin = National report from Finland for EMN study on immigration of international students to the EU
Citizenship rights and freedom of movement in the European Union
Permit to work system
Working in Finland
The restaurant manager's handbook : how to set up, operate, and manage a financially successful food service operation
Work your way around the world
How to stay under 10 mk a day and live like a Finn! : the ultimate guide to living, working and suriving in Finland
The slog of foreigners : guide for foreign labour and companies in Finnish shipbuilding
European journal of migration and law
Religion, belief and social work : making a difference
The consolidated asylum and migration acquis : the EU directives in an expanded Europe
The long-term residence status as a subsidiary form of EU citizenship : an analysis of directive 2003/109
United States : entry and work permits
Labour migration in Europe
The Finnish national rapporteur on trafficking in human beings : report 2010 : trafficking in human beings, phenomena related to it, and implementation of the rights of human trafficking victims in Finland
Establishing and doing business in Finland
Business security and Russia : security considerations in the development of business operation in Russia
Finnish labour law in practice
The migration acquis handbook : the foundation for a common European migration policy
Bothnian Bay Life : BAT information exchange system
Do you want to work in another EU Member State? : find out about your rights! : Update 2007
A permit to work system is designed to manage the risks involved in carrying out certain jobs onboard ship. But it only works if everybody on board keeps to the system at all times. There must be no exceptions. This video package shows what can happen if even the smallest job is undertaken outside the permit to work system. It drives the point home that if it falls within the system no task is so simple or so urgent that it can be done outside it. Aimed at both operational personnel and junior officers on board ship, the video takes the form of a news magazine type programme where the details of an explosion and the subsequent internal inquiry is presented.
