http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10303 telephone etiquette
telephone etiquette
Effective telephoning. Teacher's book
Effective telephoning
Customer service : career success through customer loyalty
Mobile messages : young people and a new communication culture
Communication : your key to success : unlock the secrets that will increase productivity and propel you to a brighter, more fulfilling future
Administrative assistant's & secretary's handbook
Innovaation ominaisuudet matkapuhelimen hankintatilanteessa : nuoret kulutuspäätöstä tekemässä = Attributes of innovation and the purchase of mobile phone : youth making a consumption decision
The concise guide to telephone tactics
Puhelimessa 5 kielellä = On the phone = I telefon = Am Telefon = Au téléphone = Po telefonu
IMPACT OF A BRAND ON CONSUMER DECISION MAKING PROCESS
Communicate with confidence : a compendium of communication skills for international business in English
Essential telephoning in English : student's book
Current Chinese consumer purchase behaviour: case: Shanzhai mobile phones
Telephone calls : unity and diversity in conversational structure across languages and cultures
English for telephoning
The business behaviour of an industry under the influence of a transnational body : the impact of the European Commission on the Mobile Telephone Industry applied to the TeliaSonera merger
Business communication
Business english pair work 2 : further conversation practice for business people
A Smartphone Company's Innovative Marketing Strategy in the Chinese Market : A case study of iPhone
Consumer preferences and purchase drivers in the smartphone application market
Engineer your English
Communicating by telephone
How to talk to the world by phone, by fax, on the internet
Finns on the phone : a compendium of telephone techniques to improve your international business communication in English
Mastering communication
Organizing meetings & conferences
Telephone English : includes phrase bank, audio CD and role plays
Engineer your english
Business English. Volume II : Contacts & correspondence
Modern romance
Business and commerce workshop
This study demonstrates the factors which influence consumer behaviour in general, and the role that the brand plays in the consumer buying process. The target of this thesis is the Chinese mobile phone market. The objective is to outline the current Chinese consumer behaviour when the Shanzhai mobile phone is launched. In addition, it focuses on what Chinese consumers think about Shanzhai. Also the dynamics of Shanzhai brought on the market are discussed. The theoretical approach for the study is based on concepts of consumer behavior, the consumer buying process and the brand image facet. In order to collect empirical data, a quantitative research technique was used. An online survey was carried out and sent out by Internet. The questionnaire was designed in accordance with the theoretical framework. Secondary data was gathered for analyzing social and cultural influences, the Shanzhai phenomenon. Primary data was used to illustrate current Chinese consumer behaviour when it comes to purchasing mobile phones. A total of 152 responses were obtained. The result shows that Chinese consumer behaviour is strongly influenced by its social and cultural environment; different gender causes different behaviour; the outer appearance of the mobile phone seems to be the chief factor which affects consumers' buying decision. The brand is highly appreciated in urban areas, but not much rurally. The Shanzhai incompletely equals fake; consumers still remain the old image of Shanzhai which is the imitation, low quality and so forth; development of Shanzhai is in the transitional period and application of 3G brings more resistances to Shanzhai industry.
Working in english. Teacher's book
A possible grammar of a phone call in German
Current Chinese Consumer Purchase Behaviour : Case: Shanzhai Mobile Phones
Tool and machine : the affordances of the mobile phone
Logout is not an option : normative and rational aspects of availability in the mobile phone society
Protocall toolkit
Product meaning, affective use evaluation, and transfer : a preliminary study
Working in English : student's book audio CD set
Personal technology in public places : face and mobile video
HOW TO TALK TO THE WORLD:BY PHONE, BY FAX, ON THE INTERNET
A study of mobile phone 'buyer behavior' in England and Finland
Communicating the American way : a guide to U.S. business communications
Business calls : telephoning skills for business ; Jacqueline Allen-Bond with Andrew Vaughan and NeilHeyen
Tough telephoning : mastering business on the telephone
Mobile messages: young people and a new communication culture
Lingonet English Pro : Your english coach on demand
Fifty ways to improve your telephoning and teleconferencing skills : ...without too much effort
The acclaimed comedian teams up with a New York University sociologist to explore the nature of modern relationships, evaluating how technology is shaping contemporary relationships and considering the differences between courtships of the past and present.
Lingonet English Pro : your english coach on demand
21st-century etiquette : Charlotte Ford's guide to manners for the modern age
Eco-friendliness in the brand experience of high-tech products
Empirical analysis of mobile interpersonal communication service usage
Telephoning in English
The mobile revolution : the making of mobile services worldwide
Hello! Is that Grandma?
Hotel & hospitality English
The art of successful business communication
How to talk  business and talk your way through globalisation
Lingonet English Pro : your English coach on demand
Essential telephoning in English : audio CD : student's book
Perfect communications : all you need to get it right first time
Wan2tlk? : ltle bk of txt msgs
English booster for engineering students
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2014 : proceedings of the International Conference in Dublin, Ireland, January 21-24, 2014
Calling for help : language and social interaction in telephone helplines
Hand in handy
Telephone talk : english
Essential telephoning in english
Business letters, thank-you notes & telephoning
Finnish-British Telephone Conversations in Business and Engineering : transactions through compassion
Globalization, communication and the workplace : talking across the world
Telephoning and socialising in English
To be different : on the phone
Connections : social and cultural studies of the telephone in American life
Telephoning
Negotiating moves : problem presentation and resolution in Japanese business discourse
Phone genius : the art of non-visual communication
[At] work : English for work and leisure
