http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10307 flute instruments
flute instruments
30 famous tunes : for descant recorder and keyboard
The flute and flute-playing in acoustical, technical and artistic aspects
Flutes, whistles, and reeds
The essential guide to Irish flute and tin whistle
Take up the flute. Repertoire book 1
Assyrian rose
The complete recorder sonatas
Fiftyseven recorders
The early flute : a practical guide
FLUTE TRIOS
The joy of flute
The most requested tunes in the world for flute
The Chester first recorder book of popular tunes
First book of treble recorder solos
Classical miniatures for flute
Graded solos for flute
The best of grade 1 flute
A Collection of Latin American folksongs : collectión de canciones folkóricas latinoamericanas = 148 traditional pieces arranged for various instruments
A Trevor Wye practice book for flute. Volume 3 : Articulation / Trevor Way
J. S. Bach flute sonatas 2
Fun with the flute. Level 1 : easy solos
Vivaldi's music for flute and recorder
The classical flute
MUSIC THROUGH TIME : FLUTE BOOK 1
Jazzin' about : fun pieces for flute
Children's favourites
Ausgewählte Etüden für Flöte = Válogatott etüdök fuvolára = Selected Studies for Flute. 1
Fireflies chronicles
A very easy flute treasury : for flute and piano
A guide to repairing woodwinds
Tipbook flute and piccolo : the complete guide
J. S. Bach flute sonatas 1
The beginner's repertoire for flute. Volume 1
The beginner's repertoire for flute. Volume 2
In the spirit of Kalevala
A word or two on the flute
Schott flute library : original pieces for flute and piano = Schott Flöten Bibliothek : Originalstücke für Flöte und Klavier = Schott collection flûte : morceaux originaux pour flûte traversière et piano
Selected flute solos : with piano accompaniment
Flutes, flautists and makers : (active or born before 1900)
First popular pieces for the flute
Learn to play on flute : including shahnai, been and piccolo
Album and sonatinas for young flutists : in progressive order
MUSIC THROUGH TIME : FLUTE BOOK 3
30 esercizi per flauto : op. 100 : in tutti i toni maggiori e minori preceduti dalle rispettive scale = 30 exercises for flute = in all the major and minor keys, preceded by the respective scales
101 Christmas melodies : for descant (soprano) recorder
MUSIC THROUGH TIME : FLUTE BOOK 2
First repertoire pieces for flute
The rough guide to flute and piccolo
Old MacDonald's Christmas book for recorder
A Trevor Wye practice Book for flute : Volume 1 : Tone
Playing the flute, recorder and other woodwind
A treasury of flute music : in progressive order for beginning flutists
I used to play : an innovative method for adults returning to play. Flute
26 Übungen : Opus 107 : Flöte = 26 exercises. Band 1, Kreuz-Tonarten = Scales with sharps
Classic solos for flute
THE YOUNG FLUTE PLAYER 1
First book of flute solos : Erstes Spielbuch für Flöte und Klavier
Das Bach-Büchlein : 14 ausgewählte Stücke für 2 Flöten : 14 pieces arranged for two flutes = Selected Bach
Flights of fancy [Nuottijulkaisu] : a collection of pieces arranged for flute and piano by Pamela Verrall
Flute : one hundred classical themes
Romantic music for flute and harp
Melodies of China : playing Chinese folk songs on flute
Repertoire catalogue piccolo, alto flute, bass flute : including ca. 900 works for flute choir or flute orchestra
Flutes, reeds and trumpets: 2nd pr
Ausgewählte Etüden für Flöte : Selected studies for flute. 2
The keyed flute
Dance of the blessed spirits
Baroque music for flute
The flute book : a complete guide for students and performers
The flute
The very best of James Galway
Guide to flute teaching
Kissan polkka : kahdelle nokkahuilulle = Kattpolska : för två blockflöjter = Cat's polka : for two blockflutes
Improvise microjazz for flute : exercises and pieces to encourage improvising : for flute and piano
Principles of the flute, recorder & oboe
A Trevor Wye practice Book for flute : Volume 2 : technique
English country dance tunes : for two descant (or tenor) recorders : adapted,  from settings by F. J. Giesbert, by Edgar H. Hunt
Recorder in the baroque era
Abracadabra recorder. 7, First tunes for treble recorder
Let us have music for flute : thirty-two famous melodies with Piano Accompaniment
Microjazz flute duets : 24 pieces in popular styles for flute duet
First solos for the flute player
Ausgewählte Etüden für Flöte = Válogatott etüdök fuvolára = Selected Studies for Flute. 3
Abracadabra : flute repertoire : accompanied solos for the learner
