http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p103 radio programmes
radio programmes
Fry's English delight. Series 6
On air : live at the BBC, volume 2
In 1964, Mary Whitehouse launched a campaign to fight what she called the 'propaganda of disbelief, doubt and dirt' being poured into homes through the nation's radio and television sets. Whitehouse, senior mistress at a Shropshire secondary school, became the unlikely figurehead of a mass movement: the National Viewers' and Listeners' Association. For almost forty years, she kept up the fight against the programme makers, politicians, pop stars and playwrights who she felt were dragging British culture into a sewer of blasphemy and obscenity. From Dr Who ('Teatime brutality for tots') to Dennis Potter (whose mother sued her for libel and won) to the Beatles - (whose Magical Mystery Tour escaped her intervention by the skin of its psychedelic teeth) - the list of Mary Whitehouse's targets will read to some like a nostalgic roll of honour. Caricatured while she lived as a figure of middle-brow reaction, Mary Whitehouse was held in contempt by the country's intellectual elite. But were some of the dangers she warned of more real than they imagined? Ben Thompson's selection of material from her extraordinary archive shows Mary Whitehouse's legacy in a startling new light. From her exquisitely testy exchanges with successive BBC Directors General, to the anguished screeds penned by her television and radio vigilantes, these letters reveal a complex and combative individual, whose anxieties about culture and morality are often eerily relevant to the age of the internet.
Revealed : the unreleased recordings
The supplement tape : Frank Zappa talking to Co de Kloet
The BBC sessions 1970-1976
Paperweight
Women and radio : airing differences
Media Production : a Practical Guide to Radio and TV
Hidden agendas : the politics of religious broadcasting in Britain, 1987-1991
Shut up and listen! : Women and local radio: a view from the inside
Error error lataa patteri : from language alternation to global multilingual repertoires in Finnish youth radio programs in Finland and Sweden
Theatre of the imagination : radio stories by Orson Welles and The Mercury Theatre
Winter diary : journal of the making of a radio program
The radio station
The Goon show. Volume 29 : We're In The Wrong House Again : Four orginal BBC Radio episodes
Radio program ideabook
A documentation of radio and television appearances by the jazz pianist and entertainer Thomas Fats Waller, from his first broadcast in 1923 at age 19, until his final airing shortly before his premature death in 1943. This book also includes a comprehensive discography and photos.
Bowie at the Beeb : the best of the BBC radio sessions 68-72
"Contributors investigate the multiple roles of radio in the lives of African listeners across the continent. Some essays turn to the history of radio and its part in culture and politics. Others show how radio throws up new tensions, yet endorses social innovation and the making of new publics. A number of contributors look at radio's current role in creating listening communities that radically shift the nature of the public sphere. Yet others cover radio's central role in the emergence of informed publics in fragile national spaces, or in failed states. The book also highlights radio's links to the new media, its role in resistance to oppressive regimes, and points in several cases to the importance of African languages in building modern communities that embrace both local and global knowledge." --Publisher's description.
The Peel sessions 1979-1981
Midnight caller
Miss America
Set into song : Ewan MacColl, Charles Parker, Peggy Seeger and the Radio Ballads
Fry's English delight. Series 2
The Radio years. volume 2
From programme slots to broadcast flow : towards new concepts in radio programming
Biting the hand
Produced by George Martin : 50 years in recording
Theme time radio hour. Season 2
BBC Sessions
A chronicle of first broadcast performances of musical works in the United Kingdom, 1923-1996
Broadcast programming : strategies for winning television and radio audiences
Ban this filth! : letters from the Mary Whitehouse archive
Judi Dench & Michael Williams : with great pleasure : a sparkling collection of poetry, prose and song performed for BBC Radio 4.
Future radio programming strategies : cultivating listenership in the digital age
A book for her
The great radio soap operas
The Johnny Otis Show : vintage 1950s broadcasts from Los Angeles
How to make great radio : techniques and tips for today's broadcasters and producers
On air : the complete BBC radio sessions
Listening in : radio and the American imagination
On the edge  : my story
Grand Ole Opry
Broadcasting in India
Murder on the Orient Express
The complete John Peel sessions
At the BBC
This book explains the phenomenon of media convergence, defines what has been until recently a confusing topic, describes the main business models, provides case studies of successful converged newsrooms around the world, and explains how to introduce convergence into the newsroom. Stephen Quinn provides a practical introduction to the changing landscape of news reporting, and has written a useful book for students and professionals alike.
Media system and news selections in Namibia
Life stories
The broadcast century and beyond : a biography of American broadcasting
The Saturday Club : 1960
Transphonic sounds: Commercial radio music in a shared urban environment
Handbook of broadcasting : the fundamentals of radio and television
The comedians : drunks, thieves, scoundrels, and the history of American comedy
Beyond powerful radio : a communicator's guide to the internet age : news, talk, information & personality for broadcasting, podcasting, internet, radio
Honky tonk : Charlie Gillett's radio picks. Volume 2.
Words at war : World War II era radio drama and the postwar broadcasting industry blacklist
Raising the civil dead : prisoners and community radio
Judi Dench & Michael Williams : with great pleasure : a sparkling collection of poetry, prose and song performed for BBC Radio 4
Saleable compromises : quality cultures in Finnish and US commercial radio
Fats Waller on the air : the radio broadcasts and discography
Busman's honeymoon
The radio producer's handbook
Writing for radio : how to write plays, features and short stories that get you on air and how to direct radio plays
Discourse analysis of broadcast conversations
The power of schedule : programme management in the transformation of Finnish public service television
Index to characters in the performing arts. 4, Radio and television
Special English Word Book : a list of words used in the Voice of America's radio broadcasts in Special English
The spirit of radio : legendary broadcasts from the early 1970s
Introduction to radio : production and programming
Three classic albums. Vol. 2
Radio power : propaganda and international broadcasting
Fry's : english delight
if you ever go to Hamburg, you should listen to ... FSK Hamburg 93.0 Mhz
This record is not to be broadcast. Vol. 2 : 50 more records banned by the BBC
Marian McPartland's piano jazz with guest Brad Mehldau : Conversation and music as heard on National Public Radio : recorded 9-12-1996
Pixies at the BBC
Purple Knif Show : Radio Cramps, July 84, Hollywood California
Spirit : live at the BBC 1971-1978
Hedging in immigration discourse : a comparative study of French and Swedish radio debates
Live at the BBC
And then there were none
The Glenn Gould silver jubilee album
Roots and culture in dub plate style
Home truths : the Peel years and beyond : real stories from British life as heard on BBC Radio 4
Desert Island Discs : 70 years of castaways from one of BBC Radio 4's best-loved programmes
Painting the devil on the air : constructing hatred in radio broadcasts in the context of the Rwandan genocide
The complete BBC sessions
The radio years. volume 1
Press-papje
Basic radio journalism
Radio in Africa : publics, cultures, communities
Weller at the BBC
The poetry of radio : the colour of sound
Radio sound effects : who did it, and how, in the era of live broadcasting
Marian McPartland's piano jazz with guest Teddy Wilson : conversation and music as heard on National Public Radio, recorded on 11-5-1978
Developmental radio broadcasting in Namibia and Tanzania : a comparative study
Full-service radio : programming for the community
The hits just keep on coming : the history of Top 40 radio
"Acomparative analysis of the evolution of UK and German broadcasting policies, adding to the developing area of comparative research on media and communications policy. The book focuses on processes of marketization and liberalization as they have affected policy-making, national regulatory frameworks and media structures"--
This illustrated landmark book tells the absorbing story of Britain's favourite radio programme in all its rich and intriguing detail through an exclusive selection of just 100 castaways.
Call of the game : what really goes on in the broadcast booth
American showman : Samuel "Roxy" Rothafel and the birth of the entertainment industry 1908-1935
The radio handbook
Aggressive broadcasting : evidence, facts, documents : psychological warfare
Experimental sound & radio
Towards a market in broadcasting : communications policy in the UK and Germany
Journey into space : Operation Luna
The Radio One sessions
Rare Air : 1937-1944
Quality as threat
Listening in : radio sessions 1978-1982
Theme time radio hour. Season 3
The Peel sessions
Three classic albums
Convergent journalism : the fundamentals of multimedia reporting
The flow of communication through international broadcasting
Sound reporting : the NPR guide to audio journalism and production
Basics to radio interviewing
This record is not to be broadcast : 75 records banned by the BBC 1931-1957
A portrait of an idiot as a young man : part memoir, part explanation as to why men are so rubbish
Philosophical chronicles
Public service radio programming for minority language audience(s) in a competitive market : the case of the Swedish-speaking minority in Finland
The mobility of radio listening : the transition of radio as a medium and its significance to listeners in Finland
Roots And Culture In Dub Plate Style
Stay tuned : a history of American broadcasting
The unseen voice : a cultural study of early Australian radio
Scripts : writing for radio and television
Äänen viisi kehää : Radioateljee esittää = Ljudets fem ringar : Radioateljén presenterar = Five rings of sound : Radio Atelier presents
The invasion from Mars : a study in the psychology of panic : with the complete script of the famous Orson Welles Broadcast
Researching for television and radio
Gospel keepsakes : the unreleased recordings
John Peel : a life in music
War of the worlds : and other stories
Good night and good riddance : how thirty-five years of John Peel helped to shape modern life
