http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10352 child trafficking
child trafficking
Human trafficking
New patterns of irregular migration in Europe : seminar report, 12 and 13 November 2002, Council of Europe
The age of consent
The red market : on the trail of the world's organ brokers, bone thieves, blood farmers, and child traffickers
Global child welfare and well-being
Introduction to fashion merchandising
Caught in the web : inside the police hunt to rescue children from online predators
Dead tomorrow
Modern Babylon? : prostituting children in Thailand
Child trafficking in West Africa : policy responses
Organised crime, trafficking, drugs : selected papers presented at the Annual Conference of the European Society of Criminology, Helsinki 2003
Trafficking of Nigerian girls to Italy = Il traffico delle ragazze nigeriane in Italia
The Finnish national rapporteur on trafficking in human beings : report 2010 : trafficking in human beings, phenomena related to it, and implementation of the rights of human trafficking victims in Finland
Protections for child victims of human trafficking in international law
Close Range
The case of Eliza Armstrong : a child of 13 bought for £5
The European Union and the social dimension of globalization : how the EU influences the world
Dead Tomorrow
Trafficking in women and children in Europe
Noah Barleywater runs away
'[Based on] a series of six television drama-documentaries broadcast on BBC 1 from October 1974 ...' - title page verso. - Ill. on lining papers.
Minors in the sex trade : report of the European Comission STOP Project
People of Esarn
The boy in the suitcase
Intercountry adoption : policies, practices, and outcomes
Anthropology of childhood and youth : international and historical perspectives
International sex trafficking of women & children : understanding the global epidemic
The rise and fall of great powers
A walk across the sun
Revised National Plan of Action against Trafficking in Human Beings
Dead tomorrow : for print disabled people
In the sea there are crocodiles : the story of Enaiatollah Akbari
Trafficking of human beings from a human rights perspective : towards a holistic approach
My kid could paint that
Fresh
Summary in Russian.
Data and research on human trafficking : a global survey
Sexual enslavement of girls and women worldwide
Child labor : a global view
Suffer the little children
Children's health, self-care and the use of self-medication : a population-based study in Finland
Measuring human trafficking : complexities and pitfalls
Trade, Reputation and Child Labor in Twentieth-Century Egypt
Close range
Children in the global sex trade
Global human trafficking : critical issues and contexts
Essays on urban wages, location and retail trade
Exploring human traffiking as a public health and 'glocal' issue : future considerations and a plea for Finnish society to take action
Prayers for the stolen : a novel
With or without you : a memoir
Rounding the mark
A shocking tour through a macabre global underworld where organs, bones, and live people are bought and sold on the red market. Investigative journalist Scott Carney has spent five years tracing the lucrative and deeply secretive trade in human bodies and body parts. The Red Market reveals the rise, fall, and resurgence of this multibillion-dollar underground trade through history, from early medical study and modern universities to poverty-ravaged Eurasian villages and high-tech Western labs; from body snatchers and surrogate mothers to skeleton dealers and the poor who sell body parts to survive. While local and international law enforcement have cracked down on the market, advances in science have increased the demand for human tissue--ligaments, kidneys, even rented space in women's wombs--leaving little room to consider the ethical dilemmas inherent in the flesh-and-blood trade.--From publisher description.
Little princes : one man's promise to bring home the lost children of Nepal
Victims : support and assistance
The rise & fall of great powers : a novel
Trade of innocents
European data collection on sexual offences against minors
The road of lost innocence : the true story of a Cambodian childhood
Going once, going twice, sold! : the economics of past and present public procurement in Sweden
"...This issue of 'Concilium' tries to break the wall of silence around trafficking that accompanies the wave of globalized trade and migration. The fight against trafficking has begun, and 'Concilium' wishes to look at governmental, transnational, and non-governmental initiatives that work to combat one of the most extreme forms of exploitation that emerged in the current economic system." --Editorial, p. 7.
The red road
The economics of child auctions in 19th century Sweden
Birthright
International children's rights
Slavery Inc.: the untold story of international sex trafficking
Trafficking in human beings : modern slavery
Coram boy
The walled city
Singing from the same hymn sheet? : a closer look at the framing of human trafficking by counter-traffiking actors in Lao PDR
Trade and employment in developing countries. 1, Individual studies
The sex myth : why everything we're told is wrong
Auctioned and re-auctioned children in 19th century Sweden
Human sex trafficking
The lost boys : inside football's slave trade
Malala a brave girl from Pakistan ; Iqbal a brave boy from Pakistan
Modern slavery : the secret world of 27 million people
The United Nations child policy : international games of morality and power
Your can't have my daughter : a true story of a mother's fight to save her daughter from Oxford's sex traffickers
Environment, human rights and international trade
Chocolate nations : living and dying for cocoa in West Africa
By exploring existing material on the human trafficking phenomenon, this article aims to build a rationale for future research and development on human trafficking issues. The scope of this study is placed within the context of public health and highlights child trafficking. The qualitative data analysis software ATLAS.ti 6.2 is utilized to sketch a conceptual network of human trafficking issues. A coding scheme was planned and administered where specific terms were chosen for analysis. The aim of this study is to explore the phenomenon of exploitation and human trafficking and learn the ways in which it is addressed in the context of public health. Examples of existing action against human trafficking are discussed especially in the light of child trafficking. Global partnerships will also be discussed in terms of how they fit within the UN Millennium Goal of 2015. Considerations for future action for both local Finnish society as well as South Asian society will be addressed. The preliminary findings presented suggest that the human trafficking phenomenon is multi-faceted and should be understood as a 'glocal', intertwined public health issue..
Making trouble: fighting for fair trade jewellery
