http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10370 American English
American English
American accent training : a guide to speaking and pronouncing colloquial American English
The pocket dictionary of American slang : a popular abridgment of the Dictionary of American slang
American English file : workbook. 3
Voice for musicians
The pocket dictionary of American slang
American English
Subtitling American English idioms into Finnish with special reference to the television series Six feet under
Singing American English : textbook of diction for singers
Random House Webster's pocket American dictionary
Encounters : a basic reader
Forbidden American English : a serious compilation of taboo American English
Examines the English spoken in New York City comprehensively, including pronunciation, grammar, and discourse. Using sources from classic studies to original data, the author describes New Yorkers' speech in a way that is linguistically rigorous yet accessible to non-specialists.
Webster's new world dictionary
Longman introductory course for the TOEFL test
Collins Cobuild illustrated basic dictionary of American English
Pronounce it perfectly in English
English à la cartoon / [101 hilarious cartoons for understanding american english and culture]
The Newbury House dictionary of American English : an essential reference for learners of American English and culture
Bum bags and fanny packs : a British-American, American-British dictionary
Jurassic Park III
The american heritage first dictionary : A to z
Oxford student's dictionary of American English
A statistical study of the use of verbal future time references on historical principles
Lexical features and code-switching in the English of Finnish Americans
Survival English : international communication for professional people. Student's book
The two-word verb : a dictionary of the verb-preposition phrases in American English
Longman preparation course for the TOEFL test. Vol. A : companion to skills and strategies : CBT volume
The talented Mr Ripley
A glossary of American technical linguistic usage 1925-1950
Webster's dictionary of American English
American readings : selections and exercises for vocabulary development
How to sing American : pronunciation for jazz, rock, r&b and other non-classical singers
The Routledge dictionary of modern American slang and unconventional English
Adjectival use of nouns in American newsmagazines
Gang slang : a dictionary of criminal and sexual slang
Leaving Microsoft to change the world
American English file : student book. 4
Clear speech : pronunciation and listening comprehension in North American English : teacher's resource book
Basic American grammar and usage : an ESL/EFL handbook
Tense marking in black English : a linguistic and social analysis
NTC's super-mini forbidden American English
The American accent guide : a comprehensive course on the sound system of American English
American English file : workbook. 4
Gucci : business in fashion
Western words : a dictionary of the range, cow camp and trail
Dictionary of Smoky Mountain English
Perspectives on American English
The volume presents an innovative approach to studies in Late Modern English by giving attention to variation and change in varieties of English on both sides of the Atlantic. As new corpora become available, scholarly interests broaden their horizons to encompass varieties, the history of which has only just begun to be investigated, and which are likely to yield significant findings. The contributors, whose long experience in the field of English historical linguistics ensures in-depth investigations, employ state-of-the-art tools for the analysis of specific phenomena and to set these in the light of a more encompassing framework concerning different text types and sociolinguistic considerations. While usage guides and dictionaries prove remarkable in their contribution to the definition of what is (not) acceptable in specific social circles, the language of ordinary users also takes centre stage in studies of correspondence, journals and travelogues. The volume is expected to appeal to scholars and students interested in the linguistic history of English as seen in contexts on which - until now - relatively little light has been shed.
A Dictionary of Americanisms on historical principles
Fairy tales : level 2
Heinle's Newbury House dictionary of American English
Active listening. 3
NBC handbook of pronunciation
Mastering American English : a handbook - workbook of essentials
An introduction to the phonetics of American English
Advanced English exercises : a practice book for advanced students
The modals in present-day American English : meanings and backgrounds
An index by region, usage, and etymology to the Dictionary of American regional English, volume III
Bravo!. 6, [Student's book : American]
Pronunciation plus : practice through interaction : teacher's book : North American English
English pronouncing dictionary
Western words : a dictionary of the Old West : by Ramon F. Adams
Dictionary of Afro-American slang
Manual of American English pronunciation
Little women
American earlier Black English : morphological and syntactic variables
Long hot summer
The Oxford dictionary and thesaurus : American edition
Made in America : an informal history of American English
So you think you're good at English : a quizzical book
Meiguo huayu : Chuanbo Meiguo xinwen yu wenhua = Americanism : a bridge of communication
The word on the street : debunking the myth of "pure" standard English
Common American Phrases in Everyday Contexts : a detailed guide to real-life conversation and small talk
A dictionary of American English on historical principles. Volume 4, Recorder - zu-zu
What's the difference : An American/British British/American dictionary
Micro-syntactic variation in North American English
"B" is for burglar
Thesaurus of American slang
The politics of American English, 1776-1850
Give & take : exchanging information in business
NTC's American idioms dictionary : the most practical reference for the everyday expressions of contemporary American English
Webster's new world pocket Spanish dictionary
On the beach
The American heritage picture dictionary
Stories of survival
For & Against!
Dictionary of Americanisms : a glossary of words and phrases usually regarded as peculiar to the United States
The English language in America. 2
The hutchinson concise english usage
50,000 words : and 3400 variants spelled, pronounced and divided
The English language in America. Vol. 1
American idioms dictionary : special edition = Slovar' amerikanskih idiom : special'noe izdanie
New York : a conversation book for intermediate English language learners
The language of the Civil War
Swing to bop, hep to hip : a study in jazz parlance
The verb system of present-day American English
The American heritage dictionary of the English language
The historical evolution of earlier African American English : an empirical comparison of early sources
Grammar in interaction : adverbial clauses in American English conversations
What's the difference? : an American-British - British-American dictionary
On the road
Patterns of stance taking : negative yes/no interrogatives and tag questions in American English conversation
Clear speech from the start : basic pronunciation and listening comprehension in North American English : teacher's resource book
Studies of syllable nuclei
The new Oxford American dictionary
Includes words and phrases from all of United States history and from such current subcultures as technology and the Internet, the media, recent immigrants, and fashion.
A study of lexical uses of have in British and American English
American English file. 2
Classical traditions in science fiction
Where do phonological features come from? : cognitive, physical and developmental bases of distinctive speech categories
The coconut seller
Cambridge dictionary of American English
Dictionary of American regional English. Vol. 1, Introduction and A-C
Aw, shucks! : the dictionary of country jawing
Of mice and men
The great Gatsby
The Cambridge thesaurus of American English
Practicing American English : pattern drills for oral and written practice
Clear speech : pronunciation and listening comprehension in North American English : student's book
The mayor of Casterbridge
How America speaks and writes : a dictionary of American idioms with a Swedish vocabulary
The american heritage picture dictionary
The british-american dictionary
A dictionary of American English on historical principles. Volume 3, Honk - record
Black English vernacular and the language defidiency hypothesis : a perspective on language in edition
Transatlantic perspectives on late modern English
Modern English workbook : exercises and drills for advanced students
The bourne supremacy
Western words : a dictionary of American West : by Ramon F. Adams
Anglo-russkij slovar' amerikanskogo slenga = English-Russian dictionary of American slang
The American thesaurus of slang :  a complete reference book of colloquial speech
Do's and taboos of using English around the world
Do we take the subway or the underground? : the usage of American English among senior high students
Slang rules! : a practical guide for English learners
The pearl
Webster's new world dictionary : elementary edition
A tentative argument for regional quality targets in assimilating schwa
Dictionary of American regional English. Vol. V, Sl - Z
American Slang Dictionary : the ultimate reference to nonstandard usage, colloquialisms, popular jargon, and vulgarisms
Clear speech from the start : basic pronunciation and listening comprehension in North American English : student's book
American English file. 1
Dictionary of American underworld lingo
Random House Webster's American dictionary
Dictionary of American slang
Macmillan English dictionary : for advanced learners of American English : workbook
NTC's dictionary of American spelling
New York City English
The American travelmate
How to survive in the U.S.A : English for travelers and newcomers
American English file : student book. 3
The new American Webster dictionary
British/American language dictionary
Learning American English : grammar vocabulary idioms
Saving Private Ryan
A kiss before dying
