http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10351 prostitutes
prostitutes
Miss don't touch me
Anthropological studies in post-socialist micro-economies in the Balkans : creative survival adaptations in Bulgaria and Yugoslavia
Alewives, ale, alehouses and whores : a study of alewives, women and prostitutes through the Middle Ages and early modern period : image and reality
The Bag man
Shakespeare among the courtesans : prostitution, literature, and drama, 1500-1650
Pathfinder flip-mat : Red light district
Falkland Road : prostitutes of Bombay
Thailand : men's paradise?
Pretty baby
A sunless sea
The dark bride : a novel
The vice society
Three stations : an Arkady Renko novel
Diary of a married call girl
Actresses and whores : on stage and in society
Sex work on the streets : prostitutes and their clients
Prostitution and feminism : towards a politics of feeling
Safer sex in the city : the experience and management of street prostitution
New sociologies of sex work
Belle's best bits : a London call girl reveals her favourite adventures
Drawing on original empirical data with men who buy sex, this book takes a fresh look at the relationships clients have with female sex workers. The core questions that form the backbone of the research are not only the expected inquiry into 'why men buy sex', but also into the sociological and psychological processes that men encounter in order to enter an assumed 'deviant' sexual behaviour as part of their everyday lives. These sociological processes of finding, negotiating and buying sexual services are complicated by the stigma directed towards men who buy sex. Exactly how do men behave with sex workers; what are their relationships like; what emotions are involved and can intimacy be bought? Questioning the dichotomy made between commercial and non-commercial relationships, the data suggests that intimacy and commerce are compatible. Managing secrecy, stigma and the consumption of intimacy takes this book into some of the more challenging theoretical areas of masculinity and emotional consumption in contemporary society. Drawing some parallels from the author's earlier book Sex Work: A Risky Business, the book offers insights into why engagement in commercial sex is prolific as sexual culture is transformed in late modernity.
Sex work and HIV/AIDS : technical update
The ladies of the house
Ireland's Magdalen laundries and the nation's architecture of containment
Working girls : an illustrated history of the oldest profession
Scandalous
The riot
The crimes of Jack the Ripper
Sandakan brothel no. 8 : an episode in the history of lower-class Japanese women
Bombay going : migration, return and anti-trafficking in the lives of Nepali migrant sex worker
Sex work : writings by women in the sex industry
Rumpole misbehaves : a novel
Lithium-6
Sakuran : Blossoms wild
Prostitution, trafficking, and traumatic stress
This book is the most detailed study ever provided on street prostitution. It is based on three years' research in which the authors interviewed prostitutes and their clients and spent many months working in a red light area. The book makes extensive use of direct quotes from the women and the men, as well as fieldnotes from the authors based upon their observations in the red light area. Topics covered in the book include the women's negotiations with clients, HIV, drug use and violence. The book also describes the impact of working as a prostitute on women's home life. No attempt is made to moralise about prostitution in the book, instead the authors concentrate on the experiences of the women and men involved in selling and buying sex, and describe prostitution from their standpoint. Sex Work on the Streets will be of interest to a wide range of students and researchers in sociology, social policy, criminology and women's studies.
Fanny Hill : memoirs of a woman of pleasure
The wrong girl
Crusader's cross : a Dave Robicheaux novel
The watchers
Room for love
Paying for pleasure : men who buy sex
Social work with prostitutes : comparative study of a Finnish and a German social work organsation working with prostitutes
One good turn
Harlots of the desert : a study of repentance in early monastic sources
Dying light
Gringo Gulch : sex, tourism, and social mobility in Costa Rica
Prostitution : sex work, policy and politics
The book of the courtesans : a catalogue of their virtues
The thicket
Mardock Scramble. 2
The crimson petal and the white
The spirits of Crossbones Graveyard : time, ritual, and sexual commerce in London
London's underworld : being selections from 'Those that will not work' the fourth volume of 'London labour and the London poor'
My French whore : a love story
Cold hearts
The guest room : a novel
She's funny that way
A loving conspiracy : marriage in the 1980s
Memories of my melancholy whores
Memoirs of a courtesan in nineteenth-century Paris
Cities of the plain
On the game : women and sex work
Let the great world spin
One good turn : a jolly murder mystery
Playing the game
The lost daughter of happiness
The strange case of Mr. Hyde
Determined to overreach his humanity and assert his untrammelled individual will, Raskolnikov, an impoverished student living in the St. Petersburg of the Tsars, commits an act of murder and theft and sets into motion a story which, for its excrutiating suspense, its atmospheric vividness, and its profundity of characterization and vision, is almost unequaled in the literatures of the world. The best known of Dostoevsky's masterpieces, Crime and Punishment can bear any amount of rereading without losing a drop of its power over our imagination.
Lost girls : an unsolved American mystery
Started early, took my dog
"Pirates, Prostitutes and Pullers reveals the lively history of Southeast Asia's underclass - the peasants, urban coolies, prostitutes, maritime raiders and sea nomads who played a formative role in the region's remarkable transformation." "The sixteen essays in this collection focus on critically important themes such as the meaning and constitution of 'culture': the global political economy, human trafficking, urbanization, and colonial policy and practice. Professor Warren utilizes documentary sources, oral traditions, photographs, and paintings to provide not only an erudite example of the exploratory power of historical ethnography but also new conceptual frameworks for our understanding of Southeast Asian history."--Book jacket.
Fallen women : a sceptical inquiry into the treatment of prostitutes, their clients and their pimps, in literature
The flowers of war
Pretty woman
Scenes of seduction : prostitution, hysteria, and reading difference in nineteenth-century France
Daughters of the dark : a qualitative study of street-based sex workers in Bangladesh
American gigolo
Kill-devil and water
Do penance or perish : a study of Magdalen Asylums in Ireland
Changing faces of prostitution : Helsinki 3-5 May, 1995
In the darkness
Prostitution and human trafficking : focus on clients
Hot blooded
The complete Jack the Ripper
The Pro
Green River killer : a true detective story
Covert codes of women in prostitution : pathways for recovering roots after trauma interface
Narcisa : our lady of ashes : a novel
Hainan "comfort women"  = Hainan wei an fu
The burgher and the whore : prostitution in early modern Amsterdam
Despite the sweeping subtitle, this case study focuses narrowly on male prostitution in Lila's house, a squalid brothel in a lower-middle-class quarter of San Jose, Costa Rica, where the prostitutes are cacheros--young men who have sex with older men for money. Two gay-health advocates spent six months observing and interviewing 25 workers from the brothel, who were paid for participating. They found that how cacheros talk about sex contradicts their sexual behaviors. Defiantly, the cacheros disavow their supposed homosexuality and instead "compartmentalize" aspects of their sexuality to distinguish themselves from homosexuals. They ridicule gays, balk at passive sex acts that they refuse to (but probably do) perform and boast that prostitution supplies ample cash to support their families. With religious and cultural sanctions against homosexuality forever in their minds, they insist that they don't enjoy their work. All the while, they appear to get drawn deeper into it. Indeed, the well-translated and compelling transcripts of their reflections could easily support an expose of a sexual subculture in the making. Unfortunately, Schifter draws specious conclusions from a rather shallow reading of the cacheros' narratives, and his research methods are poorly elaborated. We ultimately can't tell whom the cacheros wished to distinguish themselves from: homosexuals or Schifter's interviewers. A sophomoric rehearsal of postmodern theory renders this failed case study all the more clumsy.
The green house : a novel
Harbour nocturne : a criminal novel
Sex work matters : exploring money, power, and intimacy in the sex industry
Who's buying? : the clients of prostitution : proceedings of the Nordic Research Meeting on Prostitution, 1997, Helsinki
Lila's house : male prostitution in Latin America
Photographs from Storyville, the red-light district of New Orleans
Common women : prostitution and sexuality in medieval England
Pirates, prostitutes and pullers : explorations in the ethno- and social history of Southeast Asia
Amsterdam's reputation as a city of prostitutes is age old.The Burgher and the Whore is the story of the red light district in the Golden Age, bringing to life the relationships between men and women, and providing a fascinating account of what it was like to inhabit the greatest city of its day.
The gourmet : and other selected writings
Antwerp : a novel
Crime and punishment
Hard evidence
Beauty is a wound
Prostitution and eighteenth-century culture : sex, commerce and morality
