http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10376 central corporations
central corporations
Opening an IT recycling center in Nigeria : the business plan
Esteetön Helsinki : liikkumisesteisen opas = Det tillgängliga Helsingfors : guide för funktionshindrade = Accessible Helsinki : guide for disabled people
Migration in a core-periphery model : analysis of agglomeration in regional growth centres
International handbook of urban systems : studies of urbanization and migration in advanced and developing countries
Place, modernity and the consumer's world : a relational framework for geographical analysis
Consumer buying behaviour in business clothing markets of women in St Petersburg
Payments remain fundamental for banks and central banks
Business life in pursuit of economic and political advantages in early-nineteenth-century Finland
International interiors 6 : [workspaces, offices & studios, shops, restaurants, bars, clubs, hotels, cultural and public buildings]. 6, Workspaces, offices & studios, shops, restaurants, bars, clubs, hotels, cultural and public buildings
Control of human voluntary movement
Distance and store choice : with special reference to out-of-town shopping
150 years of the Bund
International interiors. 7
Shopping centres play a key role in the modern day retail market, serving as a concentration of both merchants and consumers as well as hubs of entertainment and social activity. The most crucial element of a successful retail center is the consumer. Without enough traffic, tenants are unable to run a profitable business, affecting their ability to pay rent. A good location is often said to be most important factor, but additionally, a good tenant mix and anchor stores capable of attracting customers dictate the success of a shopping center. A working tenant mix means having a selection of operators that work well as individual businesses but also complement one another and increase the functionality of the entire center by attracting customers. The objective of this study is to examine the importance of these factors on the success of a shopping center, with a case study on the Forum shopping centre in downtown Turku. For the past ten years, this prime location center has not been performing as well as could be expected in a location with a notable amount of retail activity and successful businesses. The case study examines the reasons behind the poor performance with a focus on tenant mix, and makes suggestions on improvement based on the findings of this research.
What draws people to urban growth centers : jobs vs. pay?
Shopping environments : evolution, planning and design
Business research in the Nordic countries: an analysis of research output across countries, disciplines, and institutions
Retail interiors : Interior design library
Migration flows in Finland : regional differences in migration determinants and migrant types
The third All-Russian congress of trade unions : (resolutions and regulations) ; with an introduction by A. Losovsky. Part 1
The entrepreneurial society
Manual of travel agency practice
Payment systems in the Group of Ten countries
Detail in contemporary retail design
Creative lighting : custom and decorative luminaires
Change a hybrid organisation : a study of transformation of K-Alliance
Money financial institutions and the economy
Retail change : contemporary issues
The future of shopping : traditional patterns and net effects
Functional anatomy of the spine
SPA-DE special : retail environment desing 1
European shop designs
Onwards together : SOK 100 years
Against commodification : experience, authenticity, utopia
Harvard Design School guide to shopping. 2
Visual merchandising and display
Work
Offshore ready : strategies to plan and profit from offshore IT-enabled services
Designing with light : retail spaces : lighting solutions for shops, malls and markets ; series ed. Conway Lloyd Morgan
Capitals of capital : a history of international financial centres, 1780-2005
From factory to culture factory : transformation of obsolete industrial space as a social and spatial process
Herculane : touristic model
Net zero energy design : a guide for commercial architecture
Fashion
Labor's paradox : the American federation of state, county, and municipal employees, AFL-CIO
Payment systems in the European Union
Market centers and retail location : theory and applications
Stem cell biology in neoplasms of the central nervous system
The European Business and Innovation Centres (BICs) : an instrument to assist regional development
The development of the food retailing real estate market under the aspect of the demographic change : a study of the current and the future structures of the food retailing industry in rural areas as well as base and mediumsized centers in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern
European Central Bank and the US Federal Reserve : Differences and similarities in communication strategies and market reactions related to monetary policy decisions
Your partner in Finland
Peter Walker and partners : landscape architecture : defining the craft
New retail
"Mao Zedong's political career spanned more than half a century. The ideas he championed transformed one of the largest nations on earth and inspired revolutionary movements across the world. Even today Mao lives on in China, where he is regarded by many as a near-mythical figure, and in the West, where a burgeoning literature continues to debate his memory. In this book, leading scholars from different generations and around the world offer a critical evaluation of the life and legacy of China's most famous - some would say infamous - son. In the first section, chapters explore the historical and political context of Mao's emergence as a young man and revolutionary in the early twentieth century. Through this period it is possible to examine the nature of Mao's ideology in its purest form and to see why it was attractive to so many. This section also chronicles the main events of his life and individual aspects of that life: his key relationships with allies and foes, his followers and his public persona, his philosophy, and his relationship with women. In the final part, chapters debate the positive and negative aspects of his legacy; in China Mao has become a metaphor for the promises and betrayals of the twentieth century, in developing countries he remains a beacon of revolutionary hope for some, and in the West Mao continues to be the mirror of our hopes and fears. The book brings the scholarship on Mao up to date, and its alternative perspectives equip readers to assess for themselves the nature of this mercurial figure and his significance in modern Chinese history"--Provided by publisher.
Marketing for health care organizations
Seven designers for shops
Victor Gruen : from urban shop to new city
Medical practice business plan workbook
Abstract: Consumer buying behaviour in business clothing markets of women in St Petersburg.
Top expertise and business development in the Tampere region
Payment systems in Finland
50 years of Kesko
Sports tourism : participants, policy and providers
The retail development process : location, property and planning
A business plan for a new type of medical centre in Eastern Finland
Business process outsourcing : case study: how to develop Deloitte S2G's shared service activities in the Barcelona customer response centre
World of resorts : from development to management
Shopping as an entertainment experience
The Austrian trade union movement
Open Method of Co-ordination (OMC) : 3% action plan : report of the CREST Working Group on Industry-Led Competence Centres : aligning academic/public research with enterprise and industry needs
Business Opportunities in Education under the Finland-China Collaboration
The growth of new technology-based companies
Trade mark & store design : L`anima oltre l`atlantico ; the soul beyond the atlantic
The international directory of government 1999.
Retail location : a micro-scale perspective
100 years of women's lives and actions
The Central Organization of Finnish Trade Unions, 1907-87
Negotiating autonomy in greater China : Hong Kong and its sovereign before and after 1997
Logistic centres in Moscow : transport, operators and logistics infrastructure in the Moscow Region
Payment systems and the central bank
Citycon
The Valio story : from butter exports to international business
Travel industry economics : a guide for financial analysis
A critical introduction to Mao
Physical therapy assessment in early infancy
Spa-de. Vol. 5, Feature: Digital fabrication of space design-AEDS
AFL - CIO Labor united
Abstract (1 s.).
The importance of tenant mix in a retail center : case study Forum Turku
Your benefits in Finland
Research with an impact : evaluation practises in public research organisations
Shopping architecture now
