http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10336 peat
peat
Seed and spore banks of two boreal mires
This thesis examined hydrological processes such as snowmelt and groundwater discharge in drained peatland areas in the boreal zone. The studied processes were measured in situ using environmental tracers. Further, performance of a treatment wetland was studied during snowmelt and high flow. A GIS model was developed to estimate groundwater seepage areas in peatland systems surrounding eskers.It was found that soil frost had a clear impact on water quality during snowmelt. This was evident as lower suspended sediments, water colour and dissolved organic carbon concentrations, among other changes. The treatment wetland was found to reduce the suspended solids load during the snowmelt period and late autumn, while reductions in phosphorus and nitrogen loads occurred during summer. A sampling algorithm was built to test how different sampling frequencies affected the estimation of suspended solid loads from the constructed wetland. The results showed increasing uncertainty for sparser sampling (from weekly to monthly sampling), but the uncertainty remained high even at weekly sampling. The GIS model was tested on two eskers and shown to give a fair estimate of groundwater discharge locations. It can thus be used for improving aquifer protection in boreal eskers related to the drainage networks surrounding them. However, to be applied more widely, further efforts are required.The findings in this thesis could be used to develop better water management policies for peat extraction areas, or other industries operating in similar soils and climate. For example, meltwater could be allowed to temporarily bypass treatment facilities in areas with deep soil frost penetration. The wetland study showed that peatland-based wetlands are a suitable approach for improving water treatment performance even under variable hydraulic loads. The uncertainty in the estimated load from a small peat extraction catchment was high, which might limit the use of such data for some purposes. Load estimation methods using the concentration data collected during previous years might be able to reduce the uncertainty, but if the uncertainty needs to be lowered substantially use of sensor technology might be the only viable approach.
Physical and chemical properties of peat in Rwanda, Central Africa
Peat in horticulture : quality and environmental challenges : proceedings of the International Peat Symposium, Pärnu, Estonia, 3 - 6 September 2002
Sustaining our peatlands : proceedings of the 11th International Peat Congress, Quebec City, Canada, August 6-12, 2000 : proceedings = Pour une gestion harmonieuse des tourbières : actes du 11e Congrès international de la tourbe : actes du congrès. Volume 1
A handbook on the peat swamp flora of Peninsular Malaysia
Greenhouse impact assessment of some combustible fuels with a dynamic life cycle approach
The chemical composition of peat bogs as an indicator for the aerosol content in former times
Effects of the roots on the bulk density of peat
Peatgeological characteristics of an interglacial peat layer in Finnish Lapland
Swedish oil from peat project
Application of ground penetrating radar and radio wave moisture probe techniques to peatland investigations
Restoring ecosystem structure and functions : results from Sphagnum peatlands degraded by forestry drainage
Water storing and releasing properties of peat
Icelandic turf houses
The aims of this study were to explore the mires (peatlands) in Terceira Island of Azores, invent their vegetation and ecology, and classify the mires to the ecological groups. In the field, totally 300 mires were identified and mapped, of which 58 were selected for the detailed analysis of this study. Physical, chemical, floristic, hydrological and geomorphologic data of the mires were collected in 1997-2004. The data were organized and analysed using ordination methods (CA). A detailed distribution map of the mires in the Island is presented. Three major mire site groups occurring in Azores were identified: (1) Basin mires; (2) Transition and raised mires and (3) Hillside and blanket mires. The profiles and the plant species of these site type groups are presented.
International symposium on peat/peatland characteristics and uses Bemidji State University May 16-20, 1989
Grain size and the miller's power demand in peat milling
Introduction of biomass and peat in the Swedish energy system
Past and future atmospheric interactions in the carbon balance of boreal peatlands
Ammonia volatilization, nitrogen in soil, and growth of barley after application of peat manure and pig slurry
The ion exchange and adsorption properties of Sphagnum peat under acid conditions
Peat ash as a fertilizer on drained mires : effects on the growth and nutritional status of Scots pine
Chemical and thermal processing of peat
Pyrolysis and combustion of wood and peat as a single particle and a layer
Drainage of peat production area using subsurface pipes with rock fibre boards
Flash-pyrolysis of peat, wood, bark and lignin. 2, Pyrolysis tests with Finnish peat at the University of Waterloo
Characterization of Bangladesh peats in the Kola Mouza, Chanda Beel and Baghia Beel areas
Variation in soil nutrient concentrations and bulk density within peatland forest sites
Combustion of peat : proceedings of the symposium of Commission 2 [of the International Peat Society] , Kuopio, Finland 23-26 September, 1975.
Artificial dewatering of peat. Part 6, Peat production methods for the mechanical dewatering process
A method for using random parameters in analyzing permanent sample plots
Climate impacts of peat fuel utilization chains : a critical review of the Finnish and Swedish life cycle assessments
The effect of harvesting method on the nutrient content of logging residues in the thinning of Scots pine stands on drained peatlands.
Tomatoes in peat
Effect of forest drainage on the peat bulk density and carbon stores of Finnish mires
Terrestrial arthropods of peatlands, with particular reference to Canada
Experiments on the combustion of small peat particles in an entrained-flow, isothermal furnace
Peat in horticulture : development of the role of peat in horticulture : proceedings of the international peat conference
A laboratory pressing procedure to quantify the dewatering characteristics of untreated and thermally treated peat
In this review I examine the geographical patterns of the Finnish mires and the role of regional and local factors that lead to their spatial differentiation. Finland can be divided into three roughly latitudinal mire zones (from south to north): the raised bog zone, the aapa mire zone, and the palsa mire zone. The development of the raised bogs is linked to the dominance of Sphagnum, leading to the growth of a thick peat layer that rises above the level of the mineral soil. The gross morphology of an aapa mire is typically inclined and concave. Here, Sphagnum species are less dominant, probably due to spring floods which keep the mire surface minerotrophic. Both raised bogs and aapa mires have typically regularly-patterned microtopography. Seasonal movements of microtopographical features of the aapa mires reflect the morphological dynamism of the mires. Mires are also important sources of information regarding past environmental changes. Their growth pattern is affected by environmental conditions and they respond sensitively to the changes in effective humidity and other climatic variables. Most of the present microtopographical patterns have formed during the last 3,000 years as a response to gradual cooling of climate. Research on Finnish peat deposits has shown, however, that not all peat-stratigraphical changes are caused by past climate variations. They can also be due to the natural growth dynamics of the mires, such as the long-term development towards drier conditions on the surface of the raised bogs, the rhythmic growth pattern of the low hummocks, and the local changes in water table resulting from growth of hummocks and hollows.
Hydrological properties of peat-based growth media
Comparison of water loading from sod and milled peat harvesting
Role of substrate on the dendroclimatic response of Scots pine from varying elevations in northern Scotland
Holocene permafrost dynamics in palsa and peat plateau mires of continental Europe : a study based on plant macrofossil analysis, radiocarbon dating and reviews of literature
Spring barley yield and nitrogen recovery after application of peat manure and pig slurry
Performance of weather parameters in predicting growing season water table depth variations on drained forested peatlands - a case study from southern Finland
High resolution 14C dating of surface peat using the AMS technique
Tropical peat in Southeast-Asia and its use as growth substrate in a forest tree nursery in South Kalimantan, Indonesia
Climatic sensitivity of hydrology and carbon exchanges in boreal peatland ecosystems, with implications on sustainable management of reed canary grass (Phalaris arundinacea, L.) on cutaway peatlands
Energy use of peat
Peat in other Asian countries
Easily extractable nutrients in the surface peat layer of virgin sedge-pine swamps
Growing media
Effect of fertilizer treatment on the biomass production and nutrient uptake of short-rotation willow on cut-away peatlands
Mountain peat bogs : relicts of biodiversity in acid waters
International Peat Congress 2 : Leningrad, USSR, 1963 : transactions. Volume 1
Quality control of the EIA reports in the peat production and mining cases (2007-2014) and procedures for the quality assurance.
Climate impact from peat utilisation in Sweden
Peatlands use - present past and future : 10th International Peat Congress, 27 May - 2 June 1996, Bremen, Germany. Vol. 4, Late contributions
Estimation of microbial biomass carbon by a fumigationextraction method: Determination of kEC factor in Finnish peats
At sites with either peat or mineral soils in large areas of boreal forests, high soil-water contents hamper tree growth and drainage can significantly increase growth. Hence, areas covering about 15 × 106 ha of northern peatlands and wet mineral soils have been drained for forestry purposes. Usually ditches gradually deteriorate, thus reducing their functionality as drains, and ditch-network maintenance (DNM) might be needed to maintain stand growth rates enabled by the original ditching. This article reviews current knowledge on establishing the need for DNM in boreal forest stands, subsequent growth responses, and the financial outcome of the activity. The issues covered in the review are: (i) ditching, changes in ditches over time and the need for DNM; (ii) interactions between soil water and both stand properties and stand management; (iii) ground-water level (GWL) and tree growth responses to DNM; and (iv) financial viability of DNM. Conclusions about the current understanding of issues related to DNM are drawn and implications for DNM in practice are summarized. Finally, gaps in knowledge are identified and research needs are suggested.
Effect of nitrogen fertilization, grass species and cultivar on sod production on Valkeasuo peat bog - a case study
Environmental use of peat
Peat textiles
The eigth international peat congress : proceedings. Section 4.
Integrated management of groundwater and dependent ecosystems in a Finnish esker
Peat as a metal trap for wastewater
Temporal and spatial variation in the status of acid rivers and potential prevention methods of AS soil-related leaching in peatland forestry
Peatland classification for forestry in Great Britain
Effect of forest drainage on peat carbon balance at Lakkasuo mire, Central Finland
Peat-based emissions in Finland  ̀s national greenhouse gas inventory
Report on energy use of peat : prepared for United Nations Conference on New and Renewable Sources of Energy, 1981
Chemical conversion
Peat and forest biomass as an energy source : Finnish experience : report on a study tour of the ECE/UNDP Inter-Vountry Project on International Co-operative Research on Low-Calorie-Value (LCV) Solid Fuel Technology
Summary: Reuse of peatlands - what shall we do with the old peat production areas?.
The effect of subsurface drainage and wood chips barriers on the quantity and quality of runoff water in peat mining areas
Rate of apparent and true carbon accumulation in boreal peatlands
The bulk density of peat and its determination
Carbon dioxide exchange on cultivated and afforested boreal peatlands
Artificial dewatering of peat : Jyväskylä, Finland, 15-16 October, 1991
International Peat Congress 2 : Leningrad, USSR, 1963 : transactions. Volume 2
Hydrological and hydraulic design of peatland drainage and water treatment systems for optimal control of diffuse pollution
Carbon accumulation in mires in Finland
Technological processes of field drying in optimum production of peat
Peat accumulation in fens and bogs: effects of hydrology and fertility
Part 1 : 2nd symposium on horticultural substrates and their analysis, Guernsey, United Kingdom, 10-14 September 1990
Atmospheric impact of bioenergy based on reed canary grass cultivation on organic soil
Symposium on substrates in horticulture other than soils in situ, Dublin, Ireland, 12-16 September 1988
Development of analytical methods for ultra-trace determination of total mercury and methyl mercury in natural water and peat soil samples for environmental monitoring
Peat in balneology and health care
Comparison of different types of peat corers in volumetric sampling
Peat : formation, uses and biological effects
Peat : industrial chemistry and technology
Characteristics and composition of extracts from Finnish peat
Scottish turf construction
Wood chips barriers used in peat redistribution areas as a method to control peak runoffs
Peat in horticulture
Chemical, physical and biological processes in peat soils : abstracts
Commercial thinning is a common practice when growing even-aged stands in the Nordic countries. Thinning from below is carried out to harvest suppressed and part of the mid-sized trees that cannot successfully compete for resources and have become grown over by co-dominant and dominant trees. In five field experiments, we studied the effects of harvesting method on the nutrient amount of logging residues left at the site in thinning of Scots pine stands. Comparison was carried out between four harvest¬ing methods representing different levels for forest-residue recovery: SOH (stem-only harvesting down to a diameter of 7 cm, SOH-E (stem-only harvesting down to a diameter of 2 cm),WTH (whole-tree harvesting including stems, tops and branches) and WTH-M (WTH and manual collection of those logging residues which were left in mechani¬cal harvesting). In each experiment, logging residues were weighed and sampled for determination of their nutrient concentrations, and soil samples were taken from the surface peat layer (0-20 cm) for nutrient analyses. In SOH treatments, all residues and nutrients bound in the logging residues were left at the site. In WTH 28-67% and in WTH-M 4-20% of the nutrients remained at the site, with the figure depending on the experiment. The amounts of N (1%), P (1-4%), Ca (2-5%), and Mg (3-8%) bound in the logging residues in SOH were low in comparison to the corresponding amounts in the 0-20 cm peat layer. However, the amount of K in logging residues represented 10-26% and the amount of B 8-15% compared with the corresponding nutrients in peat. The amount of N, P, and K in logging residues after CTL harvesting was 39-86, 3-7, and 9-21 kg•ha-1, respectively. The corresponding figures after WTH were 15-36, 1-3, and 3-9 kg ha-1. We assume that WHT on peatland sites that are prone to K deficiency or already have a detected shortage may increase a risk for nutrient imbalances and growth loss in remaining tree stand.
Peatlands use - present past and future : 10th International Peat Congress, 27 May - 2 June 1996, Bremen, Germany. Vol. 2, Proceedings
Analysis of heat and mass transfer during milled peat drying
Runoff generation and load estimation in drained peatland areas
Chemical investigation of Estonian peat
High and dry: Consequences of drought exposure in Scots pine seedlings grown in authentic peat soil
Carbon dynamics and ecosystem diversity of Amazonian peatlands
Artificial dewatering of peat. Part 2, The structure of Finnish peat and its influence on water retention
Mass balance determination for trace elements at coal-, peat- and bark-fired power plants
Release of alkali metals in pressurised fluidised-bed combustion and gasification of peat
Vegetational and landscape level responses to water level fluctuations in Finnish, mid-boreal aapa mire - aro wetland environments
Small-scale pellet boiler emissions : characterization and comparison to other combustion units
Greenhouse gas fluxes from drained peat soils:a comparison of different land use types and hydrological site characteristics
Turpeen pientuotanto = Small-scale production in Finland
Should the frequency of drought increase in boreal forests due to climate change, seedlings planted in prepared peat mounds could become more susceptible to soil desiccation. The resistance of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) seedlings to drought will thus be a key factor in the regeneration success of pine-dominated, forestry-drained peatlands. In this study, we evaluated the physiological, metabolic, and morphologi¬cal responses of year-old seedlings gradually exposed to extreme drought in highly decomposed Sphagnum-Carex peat blocks. Drought clearly suppressed root and shoot growth as well as fractional colonization of ectomycorrhizal fungi. Sustained declines in photochemical efficiency (Fv/Fm) of previous-year and current-year needles did not occur until the volumetric soil water content had dropped to 30% and 10%, respectively. Polyamine analysis revealed that new needles are preferred in protecting the different parts of the seedlings against drought stress. Despite growth losses, the maintenance of rather high photochemical efficiency in current-year needles under severe water stress would appear to indicate a potential for seedling recovery if water availability in the peat improved. Given the high tolerance exhibited by Scots pine seedlings, death by drought seems a lesser concern.
Interlaboratory Proficiency Test 6/2014 : gross and net calorific values in fuels
High quality needs for growing medias in ornamental plant cultivation in southern Finland
Mires in the surroundings of lake Tuulos (West Karelia, Russia)
Peat bogs of the Russian forest-steppe
Structure characteristics of horticultural peat
Modelling of peat deposits
Peat production
Estimation of greenhouse gas balance for forestry-drained peatlands
The climate impact of energy peat utilisation in Sweden : the effect of former land-use and after-treatment
Peat in other European countries
Evaluation and optimisation of chemical treatment for non-point source pollution control:purification of peat extraction runoff water
Utilization of electrocoagulation for water and wastewater treatment and nutrient recovery:techno-economic studies
Peat balneology
Temporal perspective of humification of organic matter
In the next few decades, industrial peat extraction will cease gradually over more than 80,000 hectares of cutaway peatlands in Ireland and alternative land uses will change the landscape of these areas. This study showed that substantial natural regeneration of downy birch (Betula pubescens) can occur on abandoned as well as cutaway peatlands afforested with conifers.Natural seedling birch stands measured in this study had an estimated biomass production of between 3100 and 5800 kg dry matter ha-1 year-1. This corresponded to an annual carbon stock increment estimated at between 1500 and 2900 kg C ha-1.Direct sowing experiments conducted in this study were the first of their kind in Ireland and showed that sowing downy birch and fertilization with P and K could be a possible management option for the after-use of cutaway peatlands.Exposure was the main obstacle to successful germination and artificial shelter led to higher rates of germination and survival of birch seedlings after the first winter. It can be concluded that birch (naturally or artificially established) can be a feature of this future landscape, bringing many attributes: nurse species, biomass, increased woodland cover and biodiversity..
Nursing plants in peatland restoration : on their potential use to alleviate frost heaving problems
Responses of non-methane biogenic volatile organic compound emissions to climate change in boreal and subarctic ecosystems
Peatlands use - present past and future : 10th International Peat Congress, 27 May - 2 June 1996, Bremen, Germany. Vol. 3, Summary papers
Spiked shear vane - a new tool for measuring peatland top layer strength (Piikkisiipikaira - uusi väline turvemaan pintakerroksen lujuuden mittaukseen)
The role of peatlands in Finnish wood production - an analysis based on large-scale forest scenario modelling
Automated identification of peat components by means of microspectrophotometry
Mires of Finland: Regional and local controls of vegetation, landforms, and long-term dynamics
Stand structural dynamics on pristine and managed boreal peatlands
Adewa : artificial dewatering of peat : final report on the energy research programme 1988-1992
Strategy for responsible peatland management
The contribution to the greenhouse effect from the use of peat and coal for energy
International Peat Society
Adewa : artificial dewatering of peat : interim report 1988-1990
Proficiency test SYKE 6/2013 : gross and net calorific fuels
Experimental drying of thin layers of peat
Recycling of wood- and peat-ash : a successful way to establish full plant cover and dense birch stand on a cut-away peatland
Some future problems of peat bog investigation in Canada
Macroscale variation in peat element concentrations in drained boreal peatland forests
Peat classification in relation to several methods used to determine fiber content and degree of decomposition
Identification of processes leading to long-term wastewater purification in northern treatment wetlands
The amount of water in peat soil is one factor affecting its bearing capacity, which is a crucial aspect in planning peatland timber harvesting operations. We studied the influence of weather variables on the variation of drained peatland growing season water conditions, here the ground water table depth (WTD). WTD was manually monitored four times in 2014 and three times in 2015 in 10-30 sample plots located in four drained peatland forests in south-western Finland. For each peatland, precipitation and evapotranspiration were calculated from the records of the nearest Finnish Meteorological Institute field stations covering periods from one day to four weeks preceding the WTD monitoring date. A mixed linear model was constructed to investigate the impact of the weather parameters on WTD. Precipitation of the previous four-week period was the most important explanatory variable. The four-week evapotranspiration amount was interacting with the Julian day showing a greater effect in late summer. Other variables influencing WTD were stand volume within the three-metre radius sample plot and distance from nearest ditch. Our results show the potential of weather parameters, specifically that of the previous four-week precipitation and evapotranspiration, for predicting drained peatland water table depth variation and subsequently, the possibility to develop a more general empirical model to assist planning of harvesting operations on drained peatlands.
Can earth afford to loose the wetlands in the battle against the increasing greenhouse effect?
Peat resources of Brazil
The use of peat in horticulture and agriculture
Boreal peatland ecosystems
Peatlands use - present past and future : 10th International Peat Congress, 27 May - 2 June 1996, Bremen, Germany. Vol. 1, Abstracts
Element retention and removal in ombrotrophic peat of Häädetkeidas, a boreal Finnish peat bog
The eigth international peat congress : proceedings. Section 1.
Seminar on peat research, Polytechnical Institute of Kalinin and University of Oulu
The potential of birch afforestation as an after-use option for industrial cutaway peatlands
Peat in balneology and therapy
Biological activity in some natural and drained peat soils with special reference to oxidation-reduction conditions
Fens and bogs in the Netherlands : vegetation, history, nutrient dynamics and conservation
Managing erosion, sediment transport and water quality in drained peatland catchments
Volume and mass budgets of blanket peat in the north of Scotland
Summary.
Water movement in mirelands
Estimating potassium nutrition of Norway spruce with needle analysis during different seasons
Water content and bulk density of peat
Precipitation-induced runoff and leaching from milled peat mining mires by peat types : a comparative method for estimating the loading of water bodies during peat pruduction
Biomass resources, production, use, processing and logistics in Central Finland : analysis of current status
Finnish peat technology
Raised atmospheric CO2 levels and increased N deposition cause shifts in plant species composition and production in Sphagnum bogs
Determination of recent apparent carbon accumulation in peat using dated fire horizons
Recent peat formation in northwestern Greece
The eigth international peat congress : proceedings. Section 2.
Peat and bark extractives and their behaviour in drying processes
Decomposition of mosses in different peats
Effect of forestry drainage on the carbon balance and radiative forcing of peatlands in Finland
Effect of conservation tillage and peat application on weed infestation on a clay soil
The effect of peat harvesting methods and subsurface drainage on the hydrololgy and water quality in peat mining areas
Physicochemical studies regarding the utilization of wood- and peat-based fly ash
Phosphorus allocation in surface soil of two drained peatland forests following wood and peat ash application : why effective adsorption on low sorptive soils?
Simulation of peat accumulation: an aid in carbon cycling research?
Effect of repeated fertilizer application on the nutrient status and biomass production of salix 'Aquatica' plantations on cut-away peatland areas
Isotope geochemistry of gas and water samples from deep peats in boreal Canada
An indirect method for determination of fuel energy in district heatingplants using wood and peat
Botanical composition of peat : implications on chemical, microbiological and physical properties
Microbiological and organic characterisation of peat
Energy Policies of IEA Countries : Finland 2013 review
Life cycle assessment of climate impact of Fischer-Tropsch diesel based on peat and biomass
The profitability of using indigenous fuel in a district heating plant - a model for project appraisals
Emissions of peat combustion and their control
Classification of Sphagnum peatlands in Azores — cases from Terceira Island. (Tiivistelmä: Azorien rahkasuot - esimerkkinä Terceira-saaren suot
Modelling of peat temperature and moisture profile
Interactions between soil water conditions and forest stands in boreal forests with implications for ditch network maintenance
FTIR analysis of peat water samples
Forest regeneration on nutrient-poor peatlands: effects of fertilization, mounding and sowing
Symposium on horticultural substrates and their analysis : Gl. Avernaes, Funen, Denmark, 5-11 September 1987
The eigth international peat congress : proceedings. Section 3.
Peat in other African countries
