http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10377 cognitive science of religion
cognitive science of religion
Place and orientation are important aspects of human experience. Place evokes geography and culture and conjures up history and myth. Place is not only a particular physical location but an idea, a mental construction that captures and directs the human relationship to the world. The contributors to this volume invite us to reflect on the significance of places, real and imagined, in the religious traditions they study and on how places are known, imagined, remembered and struggled for. Whether looking at the ways myth and ritual reinforce the Yoruba's bond to the land or at Australian Aboriginal engagements with the origins of the created world, exploring Hildegard of Bingen's experience of heaven or myths of the underworld in contemporary American millennialism, listening to oral narratives of divine politics and deserted places of Rajasthan or investigating literal and literary images of the Promised Land, these essays underscore that place is constructed in the intersection of material conditions, political realities, narrative and ritual performance.
In the article the issue of sacrality is explored from the points of view of cultural anthropology and cognitive science of religion. Culture-specific contents of meaning bestowed on the notion of "sacred" are not approached as religious representations in which some theologically defined agent, metaphysical entity or otherworldly level of existence is believed to manifest itself to human beings. Instead, various attributions of sacrality are explored as representations of the general mental capacity of human beings to set apart places and sites in specific locations and points of terrain in local topography in order to mark ritual spaces and establish rules of conduct for their maintenance as well as for specific social valus and categorizations on which the inviolability of behavioral norms is based.
From cultural domains to cognitive models : inference and explanation in cognitive anthropology
Why would anyone believe in God?
"Ritual, Performance and the Senses is a unique and timely collection at the heart of which is an experiment in anthropological theory. It explores the possibility of developing a new anthropology of ritual by combining theoretical insights from three distinct domains of anthropological inquiry: cognitive/neuroanthropology, performance studies and the anthropology of the senses. These three areas of study are often considered, and indeed operate institutionally, as distinct academic sub-fields, and yet they share substantive objects of study, with their focus on experience, the body and the relationships between percept, concept and action. Bringing together scholars from each of these disciplines to consider the potential for drawing insights from each area to help to theorize ritual, this collection sheds new light on one of anthropology's most enduring research objects: by understanding ritual we understand processes at the very centre of human social life - of humanity itself. This will be invaluable reading for students and scholars of anthropology, cognitive science, performance studies and religious studies"--
How religion works : towards a new cognitive science of religion
Religion and critical psychology : religious experience in the knowledge economy
An Indian guru and his western disciples : representation and communication of charisma in the Hare Krishna movement
The article discusses methodological similarities and differences between Uno Harva and Mircea Eliade, with the objective of reassessing the value of their comparativist programs for the study of religion in general and of 'religious' cognition in particular. The Finnish scholar Uno Holmberg-Harva (1882-1949) was a predecessor to Eliade as a scholar of Asian and European religious history. During the first three decades of the twentieth century, when the academic study of religion was still maturing in Europe, Harva expanded considerably the field of the ethnological study of religion with his religio-phenomenological monographs Der Baum des Lebens (1922), Finno-Ugric, Siberian Mythology (1927) and Die Religiösen Vorstellungen der Altaischen Völker (1938). Harva was a towering figure in Finnish scholarship. Originally a Protestant theologian and Lutheran minister, he resigned from his ecclesiastical position to become a historian of religion, field ethnographer, ethnosociologist and folklorist under the tutelage of Edward Westermarck and Kaarle Krohn. Harva's influence on the work of Eliade has been almost entirely ignorant by historiographers of Religious Studies.
God from the machine : artificial intelligence models of religious cognition
Soul, psyche, brain : new directions in the study of religion and brain-mind science
The Christian concept of 'God' names a category with surprisingly heterogeneous contents. In the Old Testament traditions God is an anthropomorphic agent; in Christian theology God often appears as a personalized metaphysical principle; philosophers of religion try to find the inherent rationality of this concept; finally, some natural scientists regard God as the "intelligent designer" of the world. What is common to all these ideas, covering a time span of about 2,500 years, is that representations of God are triggered by the perception of order and control in the world.
The cognitive science of religion
The God impulse : is religion hardwired into the brain?
Experiences of place
Honey flows through fertile valleys : the cognitive and evolutionary foundations of paradise representations
"What makes us religious? What is religion? This book presents relevant research and theoretical proposals for evolutionary theories of religion and socially and ecologically adaptive theories or religion ... Turk expounds understanding of religion as a complex interplay of various capacities arising from and influencing our biological and cultural makeup. Our religious behaviors can influence our relationship towards each other and towards our environment in significant ways. He shows how some aspects of complex religious behaviors can be understood better in light of human cognition and evolutionary biology. At the same time he interprets this knowledge as being preliminary and at times inadequate in its claims of completeness and exhaustiveness because religious behaviors are niched within other religious behaviors and dependent on factors that various mono-causal theoretical approaches cannot fully conceptualize"--Provided by publisher.
Evolution, religion, and cognitive science : critical and constructive essays
Bringing ritual to mind : psychological foundations of cultural forms
The naturalness of religious ideas : a cognitive theory of religion
Cognition and religious phenomena : a response to Håkan Rydving
Supernatural agents : why we believe in souls, gods and buddhas
Naturalism, theism, and the cognitive study of religion : religion explained?
Theorizing religions past : archaeology, history, and cognition
Rethinking religion : connecting cognition and culture
Past minds : studies in cognitive historiography
Phenomenology of religion and cognitive science: the case of religious experience
The Oxford handbook of religious conversion
"Why is the set of human beliefs and behaviours that we call "religion" such a widespread feature of all known human societies, past and present, and why are there so many forms of religiosity found throughout history and culture? "Mental Culture" brings together an international range of scholars - from Anthropology, History, Psychology, Philosophy, and Religious Studies - to answer these questions. Connecting classical theories and approaches with the newly established field of the Cognitive Science of Religion, the aim of "Mental Culture" is to provide scholars and students of religion with an overview of contemporary scientific approaches to religion while tracing their intellectual development to some of the great thinkers of the past." --Publisher's description.
A cognitive theory of magic
Sacred sites as markers of difference : exploring cognitive foundations of territoriality
Approaching religion : based on papers read at the symposium on methodology in the study of religions held at Åbo, Finland, on the 4th-7th August 1997. Part I
Religion as a human capacity : a festschrift in honor of E. Thomas Lawson
Cognition, emotion and religious experience
Mircea Eliade and the perception of the sacred in the profane : intention, reduction, and cognitive theory
Mind and religion : psychological and cognitive foundations of religiosity
Personhood and religious change among the Saami : reviewing historical texts
Religion and science as forms of life : anthropological insights into reason and unreason
Early Irish taboos : a study in cognitive history
Explaining Christian origins and early Judaism : contributions from cognitive and social science
Ritual and memory : toward a comparative anthropology of religion
Explaining religion : cognitive and evolutionary mechanisms
Magic, miracles, and religion : a scientist's perspective
A western folk category in mind?
An indian guru and his western disciples : representation and communication of charisma in the Hare Krishna movement
Changing minds : religion and cognition through the ages
Religion explained : the human instincts that fashion gods, spirits and ancestors
Being religious : cognitive and evolutionary theories in historical perspective
The cognitive science of religion is a rapidly growing field whose practitioners apply insights from advances in cognitive science in order to provide a better understanding of religious impulses, beliefs, and behaviors. In this book Ilkka Pyysiainen shows how this methodology can profitably be used in the comparative study of beliefs about superhuman agents. He begins by developing a theoretical outline of the basic, modular architecture of the human mind and especially the human capacity to understand agency. He then goes on to discuss examples of supernatural agency in detail, arguing that the human ability to attribute beliefs and desires to others forms the basis of conceptions of supernatural agents and of such social cognition in which supernatural agents are postulated as interested parties in social life. Beliefs about supernatural agency are natural, says Pyysiainen, in the sense that such concepts are used in an intuitive and automatic fashion. Two dots and a straight line below them automatically trigger the idea of a face, for example. Given that the mind consists of a host of such modular mechanisms, certain kinds of beliefs will always have a selective advantage over others. Abstract theological concepts are usually elaborate versions of such simpler and more contagious folk conceptions. Pyysiainen uses ethnographical and survey materials as well as doctrinal treatises to show that there are certain recurrent patterns in beliefs about supernatural agents both at the level of folk-religion and of formal theology.
New approaches to the study of religion. Vol. 2, Textual, comparative, sociological and cognitive approaches
Mind, morality and magic : cognitive science approaches in biblical studies
Journal of cognition and culture
Current approaches in the cognitive science of religion
Imagining the impossible : magical, scientific, and religious thinking in children
Religion explained? : a philosophical appraisal of the cognitive science of religion
Intuitive and explicit in religious thought
Religion and the counter-intuitive
Religious ideas, feelings and their interrelationship
"Cognitive Science, Religion, and Theology is the eighth title published in the Templeton Science and Religion Series, in which scientists from a wide range of fields distill their experience and knowledge into brief tours of their respective specialties. In this volume, well-known cognitive scientist Justin L. Barrett offers an accessible overview of this interdisciplinary field, reviews key findings in this area, and discusses the implications of these findings for religious thought and practice. Cognitive science is the interdisciplinary study of minds and mental activity, and as such, it addresses a fundamental feature of what it is to be human. Further, in so far as religious traditions concern ideas and beliefs about the nature of humans, the nature of the world, and the nature of the divine, cognitive science can contribute both directly and indirectly to these theological concerns. Barrett shows how direct contributions come from the growing area called cognitive science of religion (CSR), which investigates how human cognitive systems inform and constrain religious thought, experience, and expression. CSR attempts to provide answers to questions such as: Why it is that humans tend to be religious? And why are certain ideas (e.g. the possibility of an afterlife) so cross-culturally recurrent? Barrett also covers the indirect implications that cognitive science has for theology, such as human similarities and differences with the animal world, freedom and determinism, and the relationship between minds and bodies. Cognitive Science, Religion, and Theology critically reviews the research on these fascinating questions and discusses the many implications that arise from them. In addition, this short volume also offers suggestions for future research, making it ideal not only for those looking for an overview of the field thus far, but also for those seeking a glimpse of where the field might be going in the future"--
Minds and gods : the cognitive foundations of religion
Identifying the generative mechanisms of religion : the issue of origin revisited
Cognitive science, religion, and theology : from human minds to divine minds
Ritual, performance and the senses
Toward a cognitive theory of the sacred : an ethnographic approach
The evolution of religion : studies, theories, & critiques
The cognitive science of religion is an inherently heterogeneous subject, incorporating theory and data from anthropology, psychology, sociology, evolutionary biology, and philosophy of mind amongst other subjects. One increasingly influential area of research in this field is concerned specifically with exploring the relationship between the evolution of the human mind, the evolution of culture in general, and the origins and subsequent development of religion. This research has exerted a strong influence on many areas of religious studies over the last twenty years, but, for some, the so-called 'evolutionary cognitive science of religion' remains a deeply problematic enterprise. This book's primary aim is to engage critically and constructively with this complex and diverse body of research from a wide range of perspectives. To these ends, the book brings together authors from a variety of relevant disciplines, in the thorough exploration of many of the key debates in the field. These include, for example: can certain aspects of religion be considered adaptive, or are they evolutionary by-products? Is the evolutionary cognitive science of religion compatible with theism? Is the evolutionary cognitive approach compatible with other, more traditional approaches to the study of religion? To what extent is religion shaped by cultural evolutionary processes? Is the evolutionary account of the mind that underpins the evolutionary cognitive approach the best or only available account? Written in accessible language, with an introductory chapter by Ilkka Pyysiäinen, a leading scholar in the field, this book is a valuable resource for specialists, undergraduate and graduate students, and newcomers to the evolutionary cognitive science of religion.
Myths and mythologies : a reader
Ritual and Christian beginnings : a socio-cognitive analysis
The theory of folklorist Lauri Honko, 1932-2002 : the ecology of tradition
Believing and doing : how ritual action enhances religious belief
God : a brief history with a cognitive explanation of the concept
'Two cultures' in the study of religion? A response to Håkan Rydving
Religious narrative, cognition, and culture : image and word in the mind of narrative
How do historians understand the minds, motivations, intentions of historical agents? What might evolutionary and cognitive theorizing contribute to this work? What is the relation between natural and cultural history? Historians have been intrigued by such questions ever since publication in 1859 of Darwin's The Origin of Species, itself the historicization of biology. This interest reemerged in the latter part of the twentieth century among a number of biologists, philosophers and historians, reinforced by the new interdisciplinary finding of cognitive scientists about the universal capacities of and constraints upon human minds. The studies in this volume, primarily by historians of religion, continue this discussion by focusing on historical examples of ancient religions as well as on the theoretical promises and problems relevant to that study.
In gods we trust : the evolutionary landscape of religion
Religion in mind : cognitive perspectives on religious belief, ritual, and experience
Why religion is natural and science is not
Created by some being : theoretical and empirical exploration of adults' automatic and reflective beliefs about the origin of natural phenomena
Minding God : theology and the cognitive sciences
Gods, genes, and passions
The roots of religion : exploring the cognitive science of religion
The founder of the Hare Krishnas as seen by devotees : a cognitive study of religious charisma
Space, body, and the notion of boundary : a category-theoretical approach to religion
Introduction : cognition and culture in the construction of religion
Pumping intuitions : religious narratives and emotional communication
Theological incorrectness : why religious people believe what they shouldn't
Rethinking 'religious' cognition : the Eliadean notion of the sacred in the light of the legacy of Uno Harva
The cognitive science of religion that has emerged over the last twenty years is a multidisciplinary field that often challenges established theories in anthropology and comparative religion. This new approach raises many questions for biblical studies as well. What are the cross-cultural cognitive mechanisms which explain the transmission of biblical texts? How did the local and particular cultural traditions of ancient Israel and early Christianity develop? What does the embodied and socially embedded nature of the human mind imply for the exegesis of biblical texts? "Mind, Morality and Magic" draws on a range of approaches to the study of the human mind - including memory studies, computer modeling, cognitive theories of ritual, social cognition, evolutionary psychology, biology of emotions, and research on religious experience. The volume explores how cognitive approaches to religion can shed light on classical concerns in biblical scholarship - such as the transmission of traditions, ritual and magic, and ethics - as well as uncover new questions and offer new methodologies.
Mind, brain and the elusive soul : human systems of cognitive science and religion
Religion and cognition : a reader
Mental culture : classical social theory and the cognitive science of religion
Grounding social sciences in cognitive sciences
Does classification explicate the contents of concepts?
Cognitive systems and cultural models of illness : a study of two Mestizo peasant communities of the Peruvian Amazon
Modes of religiosity : a cognitive theory of religious transmission
The "God" part of the brain : a scientific interpretation of human spirituality and God
Hypernoetic cognition and the scope of theurgy in Proclus
Origins of religion, cognition and culture
Contemporary theories of religion : a critical companion
Created by some being : theoretical and empirical exploration of adults’ automatic and reflective beliefs about the origin of natural phenomena
