http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10364 propositional logic
propositional logic sentential logic
Constructive generalized quantifiers of English : a study in type-theoretical grammar
The propositional logic of Boethius
Language, names, and information
Linking form and meaning : studies on selected control patterns in recent English
Meaning and argument : an introduction to logic through language
Elementary logic
The crosslinguistic study of sentence processing
Formal logic : its scope and limits
Belief and probability
Modality
Logic : analyzing and appraising arguments
Mathematical logic
Subjunctive conditionals and time : a defense of a weak classical approach
Categorial grammar : logical syntax, semantics, and processing
Logic in grammar : polarity, free choice, and intervention
Philosophical logic
First-order logic : an introduction
Carnap's Logical syntax of language
Truth and words
Outline of a nominalist theory of propositions : an essay in the theory of meaning and in the philosophy of logic
From naming to saying : the unity of the proposition
The concept of showing in Wittgenstein's Tractatus
Studies in the philosophy of logic and knowledge : British Academy lectures by John McDowell ... [et al.]
Temporal representation and inference
This book provides state-of-the-art introduction to categorical grammar, a type of formal grammar which analyses expressions as functions or according to a function-argument relationship. The book's focus is on linguistic, computational, and psycholinguistic aspects of logical categorical grammar, i.e. enriched Lambek Calculus. Glyn Morrill opens with the history and notation of Lambek Calculus and its application to syntax, semantics, and processing. Successive chapters extend the grammar to a number of significant syntactic and semantic properties of natural language. The final part applies Morrill's account to several current issues in processing and parsing, considered from both a psychological and a computational perspective. The book offers a rigorous and thoughtful study of one of the main lines of research in the formal and mathematical theory of grammar, and will be suitable for students of linguistics and cognitive science from advanced undergraduate level upwards. --Book Jacket.
Conditionals
On the origin of syntactical description in Stoic logic
Russell and analytic philosophy
Extending SAT solver with parity reasoning
The logic of language
Dynamics of meaning : anaphora, presupposition, and the theory of grammar
Logical form : from GB to minimalism
Ockham's theory of propositions : part II of the Summa logicae
Causatives and the empty lexicon : a minimalist perspective
The logic book
Structure-based satisfiability checking : analyzing and harnessing the potential
Grid based propositional satisfiability solving
Solutions to selected exercises in the logic book
A course in mathematical logic
Prior and posterior analytics
Language, thought and reference
