http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1032 allocation (active)
allocation (active)
Hug your customers : the proven way to personalize sales and achieve astounding results
Goal conflicts in decisions to allocate resources
Developing an improved system for allocating support unit costs to business units
Emotions and personality in personalized services : models, evaluation and applications
The brain sell : when science meets shopping : how the new mind sciences and the persuasion industry are reading our thoughts, influencing our emotions and stimulating us to shop
GIS for health organizations
Do donors target aid in line with the Millennium Development Goals? : a sector perspective of aid allocation
Travel with kids
Novel prodrug structures for improved and targeted drug delivery : design, synthesis, and in vitro/in vivo evaluation
Resource allocation in the public sector : values, priorities, and markets in the management of public services
The four pillars of investing : lessons for building a winning portfolio
Modified poly(ε-caprolactone) and poly(lactic acid) polymers for controlled and targeted drug delivery
Marketing for growth : the role of marketers in driving revenues and profits
Human resource allocation in a multiple project environment
Mechanisms of action of bisphosphonates in cancer : tumour associated macrophage targeting strategies
Branded male : marketing to man
Operational model for strategic cooperation network
Non-small cell lung cancer : studies on pathogenesis, tumour targeting and treatment outcomes
Production and characterization of avidin-VSVG displaying baculovirus
Optimizing AdWords : a guide to using, mastering, and maximizing Google AdWords
Should Hintsa Human High Performance -company (3HP) target a high-end segment of corporate leaders or make their service more common in the employee wellness markets? : case: Hintsa Human High Performance
Resource allocation in uplink coordinated multicell MIMO-OFDM systems with 3D channel models
Lentiviral vectors for gene therapy : targeting, imaging and baculovirus mediated new method for lentivirus production
Diversity in advertising : broadening the scope of research directions
Social choice re-examined : proceedings of the IEA conference held at Schoss Hernstein, Berndorf, near Vienna, Austria. Vol 1.
Blood-brain barrier transporters in CNS drug delivery : design and biological evaluation of LAT1 and GluT1 -targeted prodrugs
Development of baculovirus-based gene therapy vectors displaying tumor-homing peptides
How libraries make tough choices in difficult times : purposeful abandonment
Tumour targeted drug delivery by using tumour-associated peptides and liposomal delivery platforms
Tailoring of health information
Getting to big the small way
Designed for kids : a complete sourcebook of stylish products for the modern family
Russians are an important customer segment in Finnish tourism. They make over two thirds of the whole amount of foreign tourists coming to Finland per year. Tourism infrastructure in Tampere region is versatile and potential. The problem is that no large scale efforts are made to attract Russian travelers to Tampere. This research was made to construct an operative model for strategic cooperation network which would act as a tourism development organization concentrating on Russian customers. The network model represents a strategic cooperation between research and development operators and tourism companies in the Tampere region. This collaboration aims to utilize the knowledge resources of both parties in strategically planned processes. The objective of these processes is allocating and conceptualizing the tourism supply for Russian customers through product development. The prospects of making the Tampere region a more attractive travelling destination to Russian customers is feasible. It does not require extensive operations, but it can be done with developing products/services and service readiness/competency. The main objectives are to satisfy current needs of Russian customers, to create more demand and to productize the tourism supply considering Russian travelers.
Using technology to sell : tactics to ratchet up results
Candidate therapeutic targets against acute myeloid leukemia identified via screening combinatorial peptide and chemical libraries
Targeting adenoviral gene therapy vectors to head and neck squamous cell carcinoma and heart
