http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10312 law of obligations
law of obligations
Law of obligations
Dicey, Morris and Collins on the conflict of laws. Volume 1
Principles, definitions and model rules of European private law : Draft Common Frame of Reference (DCFR). Volume 6
English private law
European private international law of obligations
Motor vehicle distribution under Block Exemption Regulation 1400/2002 and Finnish Contracts Act : focus on qualitative features
Personal security (PEL Pers. Sec.)
Dicey and Morris on the conflict of laws
Building competence to manage contractual claims in international construction environment : the case of Finnish contractors
A comparative introduction to the German law of tort
Law of contract
Commercial law
Frustration and force majeure
EU private international law
Principles, definitions and model rules of European private law : draft common frame of reference (DCFR)
Abstract.
Economics of contract law
Securing investors interests in an international Joint Venture co-operation and solving disputes raised between the partners
The death of contract
English private law : first uppdating supplement
Principles, definitions and model rules of European private law : Draft Common Frame of Reference (DCFR). Volume 4
Dimensions of private law : Categories and concepts in Anglo-American legal reasoning
Principles, definitions and model rules of European private law : Draft Common Frame of Reference (DCFR). Volume 3
Contract law. Vol. 2
Fundamental rights and tort theory : from justice (back?) to social virtues
An analysis of the economic torts
Private international law : a comparative treatise on American international conflicts law, including the law of admiralty. 3 : Special part, obligations (contracts, torts), an outline
Factoring : a comparative analysis : the legal and practical implications of factoring as practised in the United States, England and Denmark
Control over compliance with international law
Contract as promise : a theory of contractual obligation
Arbitration : an element of international law
Certain aspects of civil liability : report drawn up the Sub-committee on Fundamental Legal Concepts set up by the European Committee on Legal Co-operation (CCJ)
Certain aspects of civil liability : report drawn up by the Sub-Committee on Fundamental Legal Concepts set up by the European Committee on Legal Co-operation (CCJ)
Mayne and McGregor on damages
Themes in comparative law : in honor of Bernard Rudden
Unjustified enrichment
Studies on the roman law of contract
English and international set-off
Consideration of consumer problems related to mobile services in UK
The law of obligations : essays in celebration of John Fleming
Introduction to Turkish law
Dispute avoidance and European contract law : dealing with divergence
Tort liability under uncertainty
Proprietary security in movable assets : (PEL Prop. Sec.)
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 11, Chapter 4, Torts : Private and governmental liability for the torts of employees and organs
The common law of obligations
Studies in contract law
Principles of French law
Civil liability for defective premises
Casebook on torts
The law of contract in Scotland
Promises of states under international law
Contract theory
The law of torts
The law of obligations in the later Roman Republic
European private international law of obligations : acts and documents of an International Colloquium on the European Preliminary Draft Convention on the Law Applicable to Contractual and Non-Contractual Obligations, held in Copenhagen on April 29 and 30, 1974
Protection of a non-contractual party under the Rotterdam rules
Contract law in perspective
The German law of obligations. Volume 1, The law of contracts and restitution : a comparative introduction
Contract notebook
Conflits et harmonisation : mélanges en l'honneur d' Alfred E. von Overbeck à l'occasion de son 65ème anniversaire = Kollision und Vereinheitlichung = Conflicts and harmonization
Contract and organisation : legal analysis in the light of economic and social theory
New german law of obligations : Historical and comparative perspectives
Civil code of the Russian federation : parts one, two and three
Damages claims for infringement of EC Competition Law : from right to damages to practical considerations
Promises, morals, and law
Contract law. Vol. 1
The law of obligations : Roman foundations of the civilian tradition
Principles of Scottish private law. 2
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 11, Chapter 6, Torts : Professional liability
The French law of contract
Principles, definitions and model rules of European private law : Draft Common Frame of Reference (DCFR). Volume 5
Measuring damages in the law of obligations : the search for harmonised principles
The Code Napoleon, or, The French Civil Code
Pacta sunt servanda and the different meanings of international commercial conciliation
The German law of torts
Principles, definitions and model rules of European private law : Draft Common Frame of Reference (DCFR). Volume 2
An introduction to the law of contract
Hardship and its impact on contractual obligations : a comparative analysis
New perspectives on property law, obligations and restitution
A historical introduction to the law of obligations
Charlesworth on negligence
The financial obligation in international law
The German law of obligations. Volume 2, The law of torts : a comparative introduction
Labour law, fundamental rights and social Europe
Context over consent : addressing the status of non-signatories in international commercial arbitration
This is the first volume to comprehensively and systematically study, describe, and theorize the financial obligation created and governed by public international law.    Legal globalization has given rise to a number of financial issues in international law in areas as diverse as development financing, investment protection, compensation of human rights victims, and sovereign debt crises. The claims resulting from the proliferation of financial activity are not limited to those primarily involving financial obligation (e.g. loans and grants) but include secondary obligation resulting from the law on international responsibility. Among the many instances of financial obligation covered in this study, the reader will find inter-State financial transactions, inter-State sale of goods, transnational services such as telecommunications and post, the financial operations of multilateral institutions, loans, grants and guarantees provided by the various international financial institutions, certain financial relations between non-State actors (including natural persons) and States, intergovernmental organizations or other international legal actors, and government loans to international organizations.
The rise and fall of freedom of contract
Long-term gas supply contracts between EU area buyers and third country producers in the continental European gas market : a changing paradigm of contract and pricing structure
A history of the common law of contract : the rise of the action of assumpsit
General principles of the law of obligations
EU private international law : harmonization of laws
Understanding transnational commercial arbitration
Price and its validity in sales of goods contracts in Internet between businesses and consumers in England and Finland
International procurement contracts : an introduction
Introduction to Swiss law
Tort law
An outline of the law of contract
Cheshire and Fifoot's Law of contract
Payments and credits
Cheshire & Fifoot's cases on the law of contract
Documentary credits : the law and practice of documentary credits including standby credits and demand guarantees
The law of contract
Fathers of the world : essays in rabbinic and patristic literatures
