http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10391 pandas
pandas
The purpose of this thesis was to research the television adverts and marketing communication of Panda. Three different television adverts were chosen from Panda's advertising campaigns and analysed in detail. Their features, such as the idea, visual image, message and language, main character and its role, and effectiveness were examined. The influence of advertising on consumer behaviour was also analysed. This thesis also concentrated on coherency between the messages delivered through television advertising and the overall marketing communication objectives. In addition to this, image and brand building through advertising was examined. The research process was based on a case study analysis of the advertising of Panda. Information regarding Panda's communication and business objectives and how to turn them into effective marketing communication activities was acquired by interviewing the marketing director of Panda. The results of the research were very positive. The three analysed adverts of Panda each have a good idea supporting their main objectives, both in introducing the new product and promoting it. They also support the brand and build up images of a happy, warm, and close brand. Panda has achieved their goal of bringing their core values into advertising and marketing communication, and each advert presents this. Television advertising is an effective medium and helps in raising awareness about new products by reaching its target groups. Finland is a small country when it comes to the amount of inhabitants but people are spread out to all parts of the country, and television advertising can reach them all simultaneously. The purpose of advertising is to influence consumers. This is done by building up positive images of the products and the company itself, by raising interest and in the end creating a purchase need. Behavioural impacts are achieved by appealing to viewers' emotions. According to the results of the analysis, television advertising is profitable and beneficial for this company, even though it is not the most cost efficient advertising option. However, it ultimately does pay off, as can be seen by the good results achieved through it.
Two shy pandas
Kung Fu Panda : showdown of legendary legends : Wii U
When Panda came to our house
Kung Fu Panda : showdown of legendary legends : PlayStation 4
Let's find Fred
Achieving marketing communication objectives through advertising : case study Oy Panda Ab
Kung fu panda. Volume 1, Daze of thunder
Bears and pandas
Kung Fu Panda : taianomaiset tarut = Kung Fu Panda : legends of awesomeness. Osa 3.
Kung fu panda : the movie storybook
Men and pandas
Something about a bear
Pandabo : a game of balance
Gorillas, chimpanzees and the giant panda
Shanyi goes to China
The giant panda
Kung Fu Panda : Legendary Warriors : the game : Wii
Pandas in the wild
Noisy neighbours
The giant pandas of Wolong
Bears
Kung Fu Panda : showdown of legendary legends : Xbox 360
Giant pandas : biology and conservation
A cat called Panda
The greative book of soft toys
Panda Mingming's Lapland Ice Crystal Valley adventure = Xiongmao Mingming Lapulan Binggu lixianji
The bamboos : papers presented at an international symposium organised by the Linnean Society of London, The Royal Botanic Gardens Kew and Wye College, University of London, held at the Linnean Society's Rooms, London, 25th to 29th March, 1996
The lady and the panda : the true adventures of the first American explorer to bring back China's most exotic animal
Giant Pandas : Biology, Veterinary Medicine and Management
With lots of love forever : a collection of cosy stories
Sammy Feral's diaries of weird : Dragon gold
Kung Fu Panda : Art of balance
Chu's first day at school
Tracks of a panda
Zen shorts
Baby animals : five stories of  endangered species
Kung Fu Panda : taianomaiset tarut = Kung Fu Panda : legends of awesomeness. Osa 1.
Panda's adventure in the Crystal Valley of Lapland = Pandan seikkailu Lapin Jäälaaksossa
Cultural branding applied to design : a case of a finnish chocolate brand
Kung fu panda. Volume 2, Sleep-fighting
Chu's day at the beach
Pi-shu : the little panda
Superbrands Finland : an insight into the strongest Finnish brands 2005
Machine vision inspection for confectionery industry
The giant panda is one of the world's most recognized animals. With the environment undergoing unprecedented change at a rapid and accelerating rate, can such a highly specialized species survive? This 2006 book summarizes panda biology and encompasses topics such as reproduction, behaviour, nutrition, genetics and veterinary medicine. It also provides information on veterinary management, advances in neonatal care, disease detection and prevention and the use of 'assisted breeding' to promote reproduction and preserve genetic diversity, as the females are sexually receptive for only 3 days per year and generally produce twins, but often lose one due to maternal neglect. This book provides the scholarly knowledge that will help conserve this treasured species in nature, while there is still time.
Blue Hood meets the horrible taxman
Mae the panda fairy
Panda rescue : changing the future for endangered wildlife
Panda : an intimate portrait of one world's most elusive animals
Kung Fu Panda : showdown of legendary legends : Nintendo 3DS
Kung Fu Panda : showdown of legendary legends : PlayStation 3
