http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10324 Old French language
Old French language
The book of vices and virtues : a fourteenth century English translation of the Somme le Roi of Lorens d'Orleans
The Debt of the Spanish Libro de Alexandre to the French Roman d'Alexandre
The Anglo-French element in the vulgar register of late Middle English
The Song of Roland
The French metrical versions of Barlaam and Josaphat with especial reference to the termination in Gui de Cambrai
The book of fayttes of armes and of chyualrye
The Northern passion : French text, variants and fragments, etc.. 2, Introduction ; Old French passion ; Variants and fragments ; Notes and glossary
The seven psalms : a commentary on the penitential psalms translated from French into English by Dame Eleanor Hull
Sea rex : journey to a prehistoric world
New treasures of the past : fresh finds that deep our understanding of the archaeology of man
Merlin, a Middle-English metrical version of a French romance. Part 3
Firumbras and Otuel and Roland
Where was the Enfances Godefroi written
The medieval French Roman d'Alexandre. volume 1, Text of the Arsenal and Venice versions
The rock-shelter of La Colombière
Historical atlas of world mythology. Vol. 1, The way of the animal powers
Dan Michel's Ayenbite of Inwyt. Vol. 2, Introduction, notes and glossary
Constructions of childhood and youth in old French narrative
Towards a synthesis? : essays on the new philology
The pilgrimage of the lyfe of the manhode : translated anonymously into prose from the first recension of Guillaume de Deguileville's poem "Le pèlerinage de la vie humaine". Vol. 2, Explanatory notes, bibliography, and glossary
La prise de Defur and Le voyage d'Alexandre au paradis terrestre
Merlin, a Middle-English metrical version of a Fench romance. Part 2
The book of the knight of the Tower
Lascaux : movement, space and time
The Rhine Franconian element in Old French
Demonstrative pronouns and adjectives i Garin Le Loheren and Gerbert de Mez : etymology, morphology, syntax and comparison with five Old French epic poems and five Old French "romans" : by Bernard M. Pohoryles
The dance of death
The old English life of Machutus
An old French source for modern Scots wabbit?
Dan Michel's Ayenbite of Inwyt or Remorse of conscience. 1, Text : Richard Morris's transcription
The medieval French Roman d'Alexandre. volume 3, Version of Alexandre de Paris : variants and notes to branch 1
The Tressé iron-age megalithic monument
History of the Holy Rood-tree : a twelfth century version of the Cross-legend : with on the orthography of the Ormulum and a Middle English Compassio Mariae
A short Old French dictionary for students
The Lay folks mass book or The manner of hearing mass, with rubrics and devotions for the people, in four texts, and offices in English according to the use of York
Another French word from an Anglo-Saxon manuscript : gravirs
The dicts and sayings of the philosophers
In troubled etymological waters : rade in Old French, Anglo-Norman, Middle English, and beyond
Robert of Brunne's Handlyng synne : and its French original
The Pepysian gospel harmony
British Library MS Harley 913 is known as the 'Kildare Manuscript' from the authorship of one of the poems by the Franciscan, Friar Michael of Kildare. The collection was written in the 1330s, in Ireland, perhaps in Waterford. It is chiefly known for two poems in particular, often anthologised, but now presented in their literary and cultural context: 'The Land of Cockaygne,' a fantasy of a culinary and sexual earthly paradise, and 'Lollai, lollai, litel child', a lullaby warning the baby of what is to come in later life. The manuscript contains 17 English poems, 12 of which were probably composed in Ireland, three Anglo-Norman poems, and many Latin items in prose and verse, including Goliardic satire, preaching materials, and matters concerning the Franciscans and their history. The English poems include a description of the humiliations of old age, a satire on the inhabitants of an unnamed Irish town, a celebration of the massacre of native Irish, a complaint about the corruption of those in power, reflections on Christ's passion and guides to basic Christian doctrine. A French poem gives a detailed account of the building of defences around New Ross. Apart from their literary and historical interest, the English material is important linguistically, as the chief and earliest evidence for the English language in Ireland. The English and Anglo-Norman poems are edited complete, with detailed headnotes, annotations and glossary, while full accounts are given of the Latin texts. An appendix describes the contents of British Library MS Lansdowne 418, a seventeenth-century copy of 11 of the texts in Harley 913, including 5 now lost from there.
The prehistoric chamber tombs of France : a geographical, morphological and chronological survey
Writing and reading in medieval manuscript culture : the translation and transmission of the story of Elye in Old French and Old Norse literary contexts
Studies in Early Middle English loanwords : Norse and French influences
The book of the knight of La Tour-Landry : compiled for the instruction of his daughters
Ofr. atoivre 'naval accountrements, fittings'
Erec and Enide
A dictionary of the Norman or Old French language... to which are added the laws of William the Conqueror
The medieval French Roman d'Alexandre. volume 2, Version of Alexandre de Paris : text
A classification of the manuscripts of Gui de Cambrai's Vengement Alixandre
The cave of Lascaux : the final photographic record
Old French : a concise handbook
The syntactical causes of case reduction in old French
Mandeville's travels. Vol. 1, Text
The pilgrimage of the lyfe of the manhode : translated anonymously into prose from the first recension of Guillaume de Deguileville's poem "Le pèlerinage de la vie humaine". Vol. 1, Introduction and text
Five versions of the Venjance Alixandre
Old French-English dictionary
The Old-French poem St. Alexis: a mathematical demonstration
Ceremonial stone structures : the archaeology and ethnohistory of the Marae Complex in the Society Islands, French Polynesia
The Roman remains of southern France : a guidebook
The authorship of the Vengement Alixandre and of the Venjance Alixandre
Naming names : onomastics, etymologies and intertexts in Aimon de Varennes' Florimont
Gérard de Nevers : a study of the prose version of the Roman de la Violette
Why a bastard? : a possible historical origin for the illegitimate hero in the Bâtard de Bouillon
Code-switching in early English
Gérard de Nevers : prose version of the Roman de la violette
Syntactic structures and morphological information
Mandeville's travels. Vol. 2, Introduction and notes
The use of the passive in the English, Latin , and French textes of the Ancrene Riwle
Le roman des romans : an old French poem
The medieval French Roman d'Alexandre. volume 5, Version of Alexandre de Paris: variants and notes to branch 2
Poems from BL Ms Harley 913 "The Kildare Manuscript"
