http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1031 system of higher education
system of higher education
Financing higher education : answers from the UK
Finland : searching for perfomance and flexibility
"Intellectual leadership in Higher Education draws on studies conducted in Australia, the United Kingdom and the United States, this book focuses on the growing number of staff who undertake roles associated with broadly based projects that are emerging in higher education institutions. These include aspects such as student life and welfare, widening participation, learning support, community partnership, research and business partnership, and institutional research. Some academic staff are moving in a increasingy project-oriented direction, effectively creating a Third Space between professional and academic spheres of activity. Associated with these changes, the concept of service has become re-oriented towards one of partnership between professional and academic colleagues, students and external agencies.Lateral networks are becoming more significant than traditional linear relationships, and individuals may identify more closely with projects and teams than with formal organisational structures. The concept of Third Space is offered as a way of exploring the emergence of less boundaried roles and identities in higher education community, and of considering the implications of these for individuals and institutions. This book explores the significance of relationships as a key variable in Third Space environments and looks into the development and use of appropriate forms of language to facilitate communication between a range of constituencies. Importantly, it recognises the paradoxes and dilemmas that are likely to arise in Third Space, and how these might be used in positive ways. The book is split into three sections which look at: Literary understandings about professional and academic identities and an introduction to the concept of Third Space.The characteristics of Third Space professionals, including the knowledges, relationships, legitimacies and languages that they create. The implications for individuals and institutions of the developments described, and their possible futures in management and leadership. Intellectual leadership in Higher Education will be of great interest to professional and academic staff who find themselves working in Third Space environments; to those to whom such staff may be responsible, including senior management teams; and also to academic researchers interested in changing identities in higher education"--
The uses of the university
World yearbook of education. 1996, The evaluation of higher education systems
Transforming higher education
Summary (s. 11-16).
The autobiography of Yukichi Fukuzawa
Quality assurance and qualifications frameworks
The SAGE handbook of international higher education
"Drawing on studies conducted in Australia, the United Kingdom and the United States, this book focuses on a growing number of staff who undertake roles associated with broadly based projects that have emerged in higher education institutions, including student life and welfare, widening participation, learning support, community partnership, research and business partnership, and institutional research. At the same time as professional staff are acquiring academic credentials, some academic staff are moving in a more project-oriented direction, effectively creating a Third Space between professional and academic spheres of activity. Associated with these changes, the concept of service has become re-oriented towards one of partnership between professional and academic colleagues, students and external agencies. Furthermore, although hierarchical line relationships continue to exist, these may be less significant in day-to-day working than lateral networks, and individuals may identify more closely with projects and teams than with formal organisational structures. Yet such developments have tended to occur 'under the radar', and have not been fully articulated. The concept of Third Space is offered as a way of exploring the emergence of less boundaried roles and identities in higher education community, and of considering the implications of these for individuals and institution"--
Towards a theory of the university as a knowledge-intensive organization
Academic entrepreneurship in Asia : the role and impact of universities in national innovation systems
Developing the credit-based modular curriculum in higher education
Toward a rational society : student protest, science, and politics
Invitation from the future
Tiivistelmä (s. I).- Abstract (s. II).
The crisis in the university
Ethiopia : development of scientific and technological research and SAREC's support 1979-1988
The Cloud University platform : new challenges of the co-operation in the European university system
Higher education reforms in Finland and China : experiences and challenges in post-massification era
Knowledge policies and the traditions of higher education : the report from the third theme of the international conference at Rosenön, Dalarö, Sweden, on studies of higher education and research organisation, June 6-10, 1983
The encyclopedia of higher education. Volume 2, Analytical perspectives
Knowing feminisms : on academic borders, territories and tribes
The decline of the secular university
Academic and industrial research cooperation in Europe : report
Distributed learning
Polish higher education en route to the market : institutional change and autonomy at two economics academies
Research and development
China : higher education reform
Reinventing the university : a radical proposal for a problem-focused university
Strategic leadership in the business school : keeping one step ahead
Mercury beats Minerva? : essays on the accelerating impact of market logic permeating higher education
Summary: The School of Social Sciences 1925-1966.
The Global Future of Higher Education and the Academic Profession focuses on the all-important emerging BRIC (Brazil, Russia, India, and China) nations by analyzing the academic profession and particularly salaries and contracts. The professoriate is key to the success of any academic system, and this is the first book to carefully analyze academic systems and the academic profession. The academic profession must be adequately paid, and appointments to academic jobs must be based on merit and provide an effective career path for the 'best and brightest' to be attracted to the profession. The BRICs show a variety of approaches to academic careers-and none provide globally competitive salaries. China and Russia, in particular, pay academics poorly. Using purchasing power parity, this book is able to accurately compare the actual purchasing power of the academic profession. The book also analyzes how professors are appointed and promoted. While the BRICs may be emerging global economic powers, their academic systems still face significant challenges.
Finance alumni book 2011
KOTA 1988 : the database on higher education statistics
Current issues in Chinese higher education
Part-time work, part-time studies : the effects of working alongside studying at the Department of Languages in the University of Jyväskylä
World guide to higher education : a comparative survey of systems, degrees and qualifications
KOTA : the database on university sector statistics 1996
The history of higher education : major themes in education. Vol. 2, The nature of the university
Education and science
Faculty and the library : the undergraduate experience
The current Swedish model of university of governance : background and description
Toward the hospitality of academia : the (Im)possible gift of indigenous epistemes
Universality, diversity, interdependence : IAU 1950-1990
Comparative policy studies in higher education
The demand for global student talent : capitalizing on the value of university-industry collaboration
Higher ground : ethics and leadership in the modern university
The encyclopedia of higher education. Volume 4, Academic disciplines and indexes
Summary: Alma Mater of the North : role of the University of Oulu in higher education and in society.
CSC news : High performance computing and networking in Finland
Improving teaching and courses : a guide to evaluation
Mapping diversity : developing a European classification of higher education institutions
Campus financial systems for the future
Mergers in higher education : the experience from Northern Europe
The history of higher education : major themes in education. Vol. 5, Elite formation, system building and the rise of the student estate
CIMOś seminars on Finnish higher education : November 5 and 6, 1997 Embassy of Finland, Tokyo
Emerging European policy profiles of higher education institutions
Advances in doctoral research in management
Reconstructing identities in higher education : the rise of "third space" professionals
Academic leadership
Business schools have come under fire in recent years with criticisms centring on their academic rigour and the relevance of business education to the 'real' world of management. Alongside this ongoing debate, increasing international competition and media rankings have led to a fierce struggle between business schools for positioning and differentiation. These are among the challenges that are faced by the Dean of the modern-day business school. In this book, Fernando Fragueiro and Howard Thomas show how Deans of business schools can meet such challenges in terms of strategic direction setting and the execution of their leadership role. Drawing on their invaluable experience as Deans of highly successful business schools, they present a series of case studies to show how leaders of five leading business schools (IMD, LBS, INSEAD, IAE and Warwick) have built effective strategies in the context of internal and external political pressures.
Campus crisis management : a comprehensive guide to planning, prevention, response, and recovery
Towards the responsive university : the regional role of Eastern Finland universities
The history of higher education : major themes in education. Vol. 1, The origins and dissemination of the university ideal
University leadership : approaches, formation and challenges in Europe
Lowering higher education : the rise of corporate universities and the fall of liberal education
Higher education in Mozambique : a case study
KOTA 1989 : the database on higher education statistics
Reengineering teaching and learning in higher education : Sheltered Groves, Camelot, Windmills and Malls
As the walls of academia are tumbling down
Korkeakoulun perusyksikön tieteellinen elinvoimaisuus = Research vitality of the basic units in the universities
Women in higher education management
Changing patterns of the higher education system : the experience of three decades
Making one's way through the minefields that are found in the academic professions is difficult for anyone, but the issues encountered by women in academe are pervasive and require specific strategies. In this new volume, editors Lynn H. Collins, Joan C. Chrisler, and Kathryn Quina provide a wealth of information about institutional pitfalls in higher-education professions, advice on how to handle difficult situations, and encouragement to those who persevere in their pursuit of an academic career. The book first considers the current state of women in higher education and then turns to an examination of women's roles in academe. Next, a section on assuming leadership in higher education provides insights and advice on breaking the "glass ceiling." A final section looks at how to take charge of one's self and one's career. Full of personal accounts including "success stories and cautionary tales," Career Strategies for Women Academics is a must-own for women looking for success in academia.
Remaking the American university : market-smart and mission-centered
Lifting a Ton of Feathers is not only a survival guide, it is also a destroyer of academic myths about women's career chances in the university, and a revelation of the catch-22 positions in which women find themselves. Caplan demonstrates that while many women believe that when they fail it is their fault, their fate is more likely to be sealed by their encounter with the male environment, and by the manner in which they are tossed about by it. She aims to help women avoid self-blame and understand the real sources of their problems. Readers will find the information about the mine-field of academia for women infuriating, but the means of telling it highly entertaining. Women account for more than half of all undergraduate students in the US and Canada, yet they make up only 10 per cent of faculty members at the level of full professor. What happens to women between freshman level, the tenure track, and the ensuing following professional years that keeps them out of the highest levels of academia? Paula Caplan is herself a veteran of the academic career struggle, and she sets out to explore this question with not only her own observations but also those of many women whom she has interviewed, and with a strong backing of established research. With these tools she provides a clear-eyed assessment of what women who have embarked on an academic career, and those who are considering it, may expect.
Career strategies for women in academe : Arming Athena
Strategy for the internationalisation of higher education institutions in Finland 2009-2015
Korean higher education : a Confucian perspective
The encyclopedia of higher education. Volume 3, Analytical perspectives
Higher education in Tanzania : a case study
The history of higher education : major themes in education. Vol. 3, Universities and the state
The current themes of Indian higher education
Japan's high schools
The Kievan Academy in the seventeenth century
The Encyclopedia of higher education
The university in translation : internationalizing higher education
This text examines the degree of lesbian presence throughout higher education. Contributors analyze issues such as the notion of specifically lesbian knowledge in various academic disciplines, the impact of lesbian feminism and of queer on the emergence of lesbians within higher education, and the problem of incorporating lesbian studies within the academy. From the pessimistic to the celebratory, contributors examine the effects lesbians as activists, teachers and researchers have had, and continue to have, on changing disciplines and the academy.
The Humboldtian tradition : origins and legacies
Report of the seventh General Conference of the International Association of Universities, Manila, 25 August - 30 August 1980.
Centers of learning : Britain, France, Germany, United States
Lifting a ton of feathers : a woman's guide to surviving in the academic world
The history of higher education : major themes in education. Vol. 4, The evolving curriculum
What are universities for? : on the current state and the future of universities
University research management : developing research in new institutions
Capitalizing knowledge : new intersections of industry and academia
Kota : the database on higher education statistics
Writing in disguise : academic life in subordination
Universality, Diversity, Interdependence : the missions of the university : report Ninth General Conference, Helsinki, 5-11 August 1990.
Yliopistosanasto = Universitetsordlista = University glossary = Universitätsglossar = Lexique des universités = Vocabulario universitario = Slovar' universitetskih terminov
European universities in transition : issues, models and cases
Philosophical and cultural interpretations of Russian modernisation
Ethics and higher education
The global future of higher education and the academic profession : the BRICs and the United States
The organisation of science in England
Vietnam : development of scientific research and SAREC's support 1976-1989
Management by results in higher education
Reforming higher education in the Nordic countries : studies of change in Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway and Sweden
Changing the subject : women in higher education
Costa Rica : development of scientific and technological research
The first years of study at Fachhochschulen and universities in the Federal Republic of Germany
Intellect and public life : essays on the social history of academic intellectuals in the United States
The university in medieval life, 1179-1499
The illusion of the prolongation of youth
Making sense of academic life : academics, universities and change
Student's preference choice among private and national brands of snacks in Kuas Cafeterias, Finland / Juan Jose Garcia Navarro & Lucia Palkovicova
Straight studies modified : lesbian interventions in the academy
International directory of higher education research institutions = Répertoire international des institutions de recherche sur l'enseignement supérieur = Repertorio internacional de instituciones de investigación sobre enseñanza superior
Makerere University in transition 1993-2000 : opportunities & challenges
Practical skills, education and development : Vocational education and training in Finland
The university in a changing society : June 8, 1987, Hotel Hesperia, Helsinki
British universities past and present
