http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10366 purchasing
purchasing buying
Spending my money
How to spend less without being miserable
Factors Affecting the Purchasing Decision of Russian Construction Companies
Shopping culture of China
Principles of contemporary marketing
Performance-based financing toolkit
How to give up shopping (or at least cut down) : the journey back to conscious spending
Organizational buying behaviour : purchasing and marketing management implications
Examination for purchase
Shopportunity! : how to be a retail revolutionary
Purchasing Property in Thailand
Wine spectator's ultimate guide to buying wine
What customers really want
Principles and practice of marketing
Consumer.ology : the truth about consumers, and the psychology of shopping
Industrial buying behavior : concepts, issues, and applications
Consumer behaviour : a European perspective
My granny went to market : a round-the-world counting rhyme
The purpose of this thesis was to identify current problems of existing web-stores, find solutions and extract the best practises that can be applied to specifically web-store design.    Exploratory research method was applied in this study. The study was carried using literal/ online sources and a survey. The survey was sent to all students of HAAGA-HELIA University of Applied sciences and 301 responces were received.    The study revealed that the core problems with web-store design are that the industry's focus is on development and forgets some fundamental rules, such as, usability studies. In addition, the study stresses on how important and vital users' opinions are for the success of a web-store. Furthermore, survey results indicated dissatisfaction of users with some common web-store design practices, such as, advertising and subscription practices.    The results of the study were the discovered best practices for web-store design. The study concludes that due to the growing demand regarding user needs, further studies on web-store design need to be conducted.
International purchasing in small and medium-sized danish manufacturing companies : foreign supplier selection
Finance for purchasing managers : understanding the financial impact of buying decisions
Mobile in-application purchasing : a consumer perspective
A customer survey of Chinese travelers in airport duty-free shops : Case: Finnair Plc & Finavia
Group buying customer satisfaction survey - a quantitative research study based on Chinese customers’ perspectives
Abstract: Post-purchase evaluation in the smartphone market : an investigation into cognitive dissonance among iPhone and other smartphone brand owners. Purpose    The main objective was to investigate whether iPhone owners experienced less cognitive post-purchase dissonance than other brand owners and was this due to the marketing communications efforts of Apple Inc., from hereon called Apple. Finally, the influence of Web 2.0 in the process of post-purchase evaluation was examined. Web 2.0 is a version of the Internet and it encourages towards user engagement on websites such as Facebook.    Methodology    A critical review of the literature on cognitive dissonance was carried out and an online questionnaire was sent out to three hundred and five people. Sixty-eight responses were received. Of the respondents, forty-nine had a smartphone, of which twelve had an iPhone and thirty seven had other brand phone. Both quantitative and qualitative research methods were applied, but the emphasis was on quantitative.    Findings    In many instances iPhone owners were more satisfied with their choice than the other brand owners. However, there were no particular indicators of the other brand owners being distinctively more dissonant than iPhone owners. There was no particular difference in the recall rate of traditional marketing communications efforts of Apple between iPhone and the other brand owners, but iPhone owners were significantly more present in Web 2.0 and recalled encountering iPhone more.    Research Limitations/Implications    The survey was carried out in the smartphone market with a small sample so caution needs to be taken when generalising the results. It would be interesting to study all brands as separate groups and compare the level of dissonance between them.    Practical Implications    The main conclusion was that more effort should be put on marketing communications in Web 2.0 when aiming to decrease dissonance.    Originality/Value    As there is little published literature or research on the Web 2.0 and cognitive dissonance in the smartphone market, this study provides valuable insight on smartphone owners' post-purchase evaluation and behaviour online.
Violin manual : how to assess, buy, set-up and maintain your violin
What is money?
Leading and influencing in purchasing
House price fluctuations and residential sorting
Start Your Own Cleaning Business
Winning in the Indian market : understanding the transformation of consumer India
Post-purchase evaluation in the smartphone market : an investigation into cognitive dissonance among iPhone and other smartphone brand owners
Taking stock of themselves : an analysis of the motives and the market reaction in Finnish share repurchase programs
Shopper intimacy : a practical guide to leveraging marketing intelligence to drive retail success
202 things you can buy and sell for big profits
London's best shops & markets
Customers ́ Buying Behavior Towards The Real Estates of China Vanke Co.,Ltd.
Scented sales : impact of a scent marketing campaign on grocery sales
Online commercial sites are growing and travel is the fastest growing segment of online commerce. Customers are more and more researching their travel on the Internet. Online leisure travel planners using the Internet are likely to be savvy Internet users. In this thesis the students? online buying behavior is examined.  For the research an extensive theoretical review was undertaken with readings of relevant literature. Theoretical concepts such as general customer buying process, online buying decision-making process, online consumer behavior and theories of use of the Internet in travel industry were carefully studied in this research. A quantitative questionnaire was conducted in the purpose of gaining better understanding of students? attitudes and motivations toward online travel reservation. The primary data was collected through online questionnaire, which was sent to e-mail addresses of a population of 867 students at TUAS. The questionnaire was open for nine days and during this time 88 replies were received.  The findings indicate that students use online travel websites very commonly when booking a trip. Students have very positive attitude toward online reservations. Students? web experience is positive. Searching for product information and holiday planning are done over the Internet. Remarkable finding was the fact that only 8% of all respondents use brochure when planning their holiday. Additionally smart phones and mobile devices are not used for making travel reservations. According to this research, social media and blogs are not so important information channel for the students.
The king's shopping
Merchandise buying and management
Getting the most from your wood-buying bucks
The meat buyers guide
The use of web technologies and mobile devices to improve the shopping experience
The landscape of consumption : shopping streets and cultures in Western Europe, 1600-1900
Retail buying : from basics to fashion
Consumer culture, identity and well-being : the search for the "good life" and the "body perfect"
Best practices in web-store design
On transnational politically motivated consumer boycotts : their emergence, evolution, and ending
The Effects of Recession on Finnish Alcohol Consumption : Concentration on brewery industry in comparison to the recession in Finland 1990 - 1993
Motor boat manual : buying, using, maintaining and repairing motor boats
Purchasing and supply management : text and cases
Customer profiling for Company X
Art of Retail Buying : an insider's guide to the best practices from the industry
Spent : memoirs of a shopping addict
Haynes guitar playing manual
Procurement : total cost of ownership, scarcity, cost-benefit analysis, cost-utility analysis, expected value, supply chain management, tool, Just-in-Time (business), shared services
Managing Purchasing and Supply Relationships
The London market guide
The art of retail buying : an insider's guide to the best practices from the industry
How to Create Value in the Phonographic Industry for Consumers Between the Ages of 20-25? : A Study on whether Consumers Who Find Value in Artists Show More Behavioural Intent to Buy than Those Who Do Not, with Regard to the Phonographic Industry
Art of grocery shopping : a case study of a handicapped youngster
Charlie and the big chill
To strengthen the cooperation partnership between the supplier and the customer  : with Martela ́s eOrder system
Creating entrepreneurial opportunities : interpretative research about role of POP Advertising Displays in customer purchase decision making
Fairy shopping
The essential guide to mystery shopping
The rough guide to saving & selling online
Capturing retail customers' attention with Digital Signageguides for designing the Digital Signage advertising content and locating digital displays in retail environment /
Lived experiences of public consumption : encounters with value in marketplaces on five continents
Organizational buying behaviour in business-to-business markets :case Hymat Oy
Parker's wine buyer's guide
Sales management : theory and practice
Serious shopping : psychotherapy and consumerism
High-tech knowledge - buying the invisible : an enquiry into buying international industrial, complex, knowledge-intensive, high-technology systems products
Purchasing & supply chain management
Buying styles : simple lessons in selling the way your customers buy / Michael Wilkinson with Richard Smith, Tierah Chobra, and Lynn Sokler
Social media in the purchasing of knowledge-intensive business services
Purchasing in the 21st century : a guide to state-of-the-art technigues and strategies
Buying and selling a business : an entrepreneur's guide
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis was to develop supplier performance for Cimcorp. The  study aimed at answering to the following question: “How to develop supplier performance  in Cimcorp?” The development work was done in co-operation with suppliers  by developing their contribution for the delivery of purchased goods and services.  Supplier development methods and tools are used in many organizations to assist  suppliers in improving supply chain performance and providing a major source of  competitive advantage. In Cimcorp the increased competitive pressure at the global  markets forms a driver for continuous improvement.  Qualitative action research was a study method combining the survey, interviews and  observations that all were implemented in the study. The survey for Cimcorp's key  suppliers and interviews for internal customers of the procurement organization were  implemented to analyze the development need of the suppliers' performance during  purchase order-delivery process. The survey and interview results were used to find  the right monitoring tools and practical improvement procedures for developing suppliers'  performance during different phases of purchasing order-delivery process.  The results of the survey for Cimcorp's key suppliers and interviews for the internal  customer indicate that Cimcorp's purchase order-delivery process works mostly well.  The most essential finding was that 60 % of the suppliers do not have their own KPIs  for measuring on-time deliveries and reclaims. That increases the need for monitoring  and informing about suppliers' on-time deliveries and reclaims by Cimcorp.  Sharing performance rates with suppliers is a crucial task benefitting the delivery reliability  of both counterparts. In the addition more active informing about the delivery  times, more focus on the economical transportation and packing methods, new  reports for controlling on-time deliveries and reclaims were suggested as well as taking  a new KPI, cost savings in use.
The art of shopping : how we shop and why we buy
Professional purchasing
Improving internal software applications of buyers : case of Nokia Siemens Networks HWS buyers
Post-Purchase Evaluation in the Smartphone Market: An Investigation into Cognitive Dissonance among iPhone and Other Smartphone Brand Owners
Purchasing for food service operations
Best Practices in Web-Store Design
How to buy & run a small hotel : A complete guide to profitable investment and management
Long-Long's New Year : a story about the Chinese Spring Festival
The thrift book : live well and spend less
Thorsons organic consumer guide : food you can trust
Your dream instrument : an insider's guide to buying violins, violas, cellos, basses & bows
Shopping in Marrakech
Buying processes of language and communication training : case: Language Centre of Turku University of Applied Sciences
Vero Moda̕ s customers̕  buying behaviour in the context of the consumer decision making process : case: Bestseller Retail Finlad Oy
Developing supplier performance
God in a cup : the obsessive quest for the perfect coffee
Procurement Strategy for Oy Scantarp Ab
Purchasing and supply chain management
Food acceptability
Leisure travel reservations through online channel : attitudes and motivations among students
Why people buy things they don't need
Buying antiques in Europe : what to buy and where
Mystery shopping : market research, questionnaire, sound, internet, retailing, movie theater, fast food, non-profit organization, housing association
Maintenance procurement in Finnish process industries
Aligning purchasing portfolio strategies with customer-supplier relationships : case Wärtsilä Ship Power
Inventory Process Management & Optimization in Small Businesses : Based on Warehouse Management Systems & Inventory Management Approaches
The Future Improvement of Darry Ring and its "only" Marketing Strategy
Comparision of financial methods : corporate vehicle financing
Purchasing preferences within bathroom furniture retailing
Factors affecting customer's buying behaviour at Uniq Clothing
Mini : all Mini saloons, estates, vans and pick-ups: 1959-1999
Buying a property in Spain : an insider guide to finding a home i the sun
Retail buying behavior toward ladies' accessories, footwear and underwear : a case study
Strategic sales process adaptation : relationship orientation of the sales process in a business-to-business context
You're next! : how one company changed the way we shop
Procurement Quality Research. Case: Foster Wheeler Energia Oy
Consumers’ purchasing behaviour and perceived product quality in sustainable clothing
Improving Internal Software Applications of Buyers : Case of Nokia Siemens Networks HWS Buyers
Purchasing for chefs : a concise guide
Logistics management
Adoption of mobile shopping in Finland and Germany : a cross-cultural study
Flowers A to Z : buying, growing, cutting, arranging
Henry James and the culture of consumption
This comprehensive book provides students with the skills and savvy needed to become successful buyers in any area of retail. With a simple and straightforward approach, Clodfelter presents step-by-step instructions for typical buying tasks, such as identifying and understanding potential customers, creating a six-month merchandising plan, and developing sales forecasts. With coverage of math concepts integrated throughout the text, this new edition contains up-to-date coverage of important retailing trends, including more coverage of international buying and sourcing, integration of product development concepts throughout, and more math practice problems in chapters. Updated Snapshot and Trendwatch features present current info and new case studies from the fashion industry. Ample activities-drawn from real-world merchandising and incorporating current trends-give students the opportunity to apply critical skills as they would in a professional environment.
The effect of brand loyalty on co-design
Experience shopping : where, why and how people shop all over the world
In Metso Minerals Inc reliable material flow is extremely important as most of the manufacturing except the end assembly is outsourced. The level of supplier's delivery reliability levels were quite far from the desired level therefore evaluation of current processes was required. Focus in the thesis was more on purchasing related processes. As research methods nine months observation time was utilized and interviews for three suppliers and Operative Purchasing team were conducted. In addition significant amount of reporting tools and already existing data were available. The operations under close analysis were SAP parameters, order confirmations, logistics and warehousing, supplier management and resources effecting to accuracy of deliveries. After evaluation it was brought out that SAP parameter updating was influenced by lot of variations and together used methods were lacking. Order confirming was under lot of interpretation and systems related to it were not functioning the best possible way, having possibility of effecting accuracy of deliveries negatively. Impact of logistics and warehousing were not significant, but also some minor process details exposed for errors, worth mentioning ship dates and times in SAP. Main reasons for delays of supplier were rush orders and exceeding of their capacity. Smaller concerns were seen as transporting and order handling of small and cheap items and batch sizes of those. It was revealed by purchasing that on the other hand supplier's lack of communication and informing hence order updating is SAP has turned into problem. Major issues for purchasing concerning accuracy of deliveries were lack of time to support suppliers and systems not functioning properly. As a result handbook for purchasing was suggested in order to achieve efficient working, enquiry for order confirmation habits was created, instructions for goods receipt at third party was provided, valid SAP information concerning orders and parameters was highlighted and corrective actions suggested to be taken into action as soon as possible, in addition it was recommended that system and data error should be investigated. The-sis contains confidential information for the case company.
The impact of store atmospherics and store layout on customer behavior in a hardware store retail setting : case: do-it-yourself store
On the frontiers of the media landscape – organisational new media buying in network context
Shopping in ancient Rome : the retail trade in the late Republic and the Principate
Selling : building partnerships
"This book explores Henry James's imaginative engagements with the burgeoning consumer culture of the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, focusing on his hitherto neglected fascination with shops and the shopping experience. Examining a wide range of the author's fiction and non-fiction in the context of developments such as the rise of the department store, the growing public presence of women shoppers and shop workers, and the increasing sophistication of commodity display and advertising, the book argues that consumer desire constitutes an integral part of James's understanding of modern subjectivity. It also demonstrates that the structures and strategies of commodity culture are deeply embedded in his style, his aesthetic and his conception of authorship. The study offers new readings of familiar and less familiar texts, and includes a wealth of original historical documentation that has been gleaned from contemporary newspapers, periodicals, advertising manuals, sales catalogues and guidebooks" --
The sourcing solution : a step-by-step guide to creating a successful purchasing program
Couture & commerce : the transatlantic fashion trade in the 1950s
Accuracy of deliveries in purchasing process : case: Metso Minerals Inc
Buying a property in Spain : an insider guide to finding a home in the sun
Fruits of the world : a comprehensive guide to choosing and using
