http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10338 disciplining
disciplining
"This book describes the unfolding of a global phenomenon: the legal prohibition of physical punishment of children. Until 30 years ago, this near-universal practice was considered appropriate, necessary and a parental right. But a paradigm shift in conceptions of childhood has led to a global movement to redefine it as violence and as a violation of children's rights. Today, many countries have prohibited it in all settings, including the home. This remarkable shift reflects profound cultural changes in thinking about children and their development, parent-child relationships, and the role of the state in family life. It has involved actors in many sectors, including academia, government, non-governmental organizations and children themselves. Documenting the stories of countries that have either prohibited corporal punishment of children or who are moving in that direction, this volume will serve as a sourcebook for scholars and advocates around the world who are interested in the many dimensions of physical punishment and its elimination."--
Global pathways to abolishing physical punishment : realizing children's rights
Abstract.
Hoping for continuity : childhood, education and death in antiquity and the Middle Ages
This book is about the experience of individuals who have been abused or who have abused others, but it also traces the way an abusive experience can organize a family or professional system so that changes Are difficult to achieve. Arnon Bentovim has been in the forefront of the child abuse field for many years, and he discusses in this volume the way his thinking has changed to incorporate the ideas from the feminist movement and the constructionist family therapists. He looks at the way victimizing actions and the traumatic effects of abuse combine to create a trauma-organized system, which includes the individual, the family, the professional helpers, the community, and the cultural values. The author describes the characteristics of these systems and a diagnostic procedure to help the workers plan the treatment. In order to help such a family, he proposes that interventions need to be made at the different levels of this system, and the book outlines various treatment approaches, such as group work for victims and perpetrators, marital and family therapy, and individual work, particularly to clarify the issue of personal responsibility. The book is illustrated by case studies and transcripts from therapy sessions to clarify the specific techniques Bentovim uses to treat such families.
Trauma-organized systems : physical and sexual abuse in families
The scourge and the cross : ascetic mentalities of the later middle ages
The truth will set you free : overcoming emotional blindness and finding your true adult self
Corporal punishment of children in theoretical perspective
The construction of ‘disciplinary’ violence against children : social workers, police officers and parents rationales
Family violence
The big book of pain : torture & punishment through history
For your own good : hidden cruelty in child-rearing and the roots of violence
Languages of the lash : corporal punishment and identity in Imperial Russia
Scolding : why it hurts more than it helps
Corporal punishment of children : a human rights violation
Physical punishment in childhood : the rights of the child
Don't hit the child! : national action plan to reduce corporal punishment of children 2010-2015
In praise of the whip
Understanding violence
Family Violence is a comprehensive, multi-disiplinary work that brings together in one source many findings from years of scientific research. Dr. Pagelow introduces various theories of the cuases of family violence; in addition she explores child abuse and neglects, spouse abuse, adolescent abuse, abuse of elderly partents, and the various types of sexual abuse in the family. The work is a summary of research in sociology, psychology, law, women's studies, family studies, social work, medicine, and counseling. It is essential reading for social workers, counselors, and others who are concerned with the causes, identification, and prevention of the many types of family violence.
