http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10330 legumes
legumes
Use of semi-leafless peas (Pisum sativum L) with enzyme addition in diets for broilers
Recent advances of research in antinutritional factors in legume seeds and oilseeds : proceedings of the ... International Workshop on Antinutritional Factors in Legume Seeds and Oilseeds
Diseases and pests of peas and beans in New Zealand and their control
Nitrogen fixation in tropical cropping systems
The effect of heat stress on the symbiotic ineraction between Sinorhizobium sp. and Acacia senegal
Recent advances of research in antinutritional factors in legume seeds and oilseeds : proceedings of the Fourth International Workshop on Antinutritional Factors in Legume Seeds and Oilseeds, Toledo, Spain, 8-10 March 2004
Uses of tropical grain legumes : proceedings of a consultants meeting, 27-30 Mar 1989.
Pulse foods : processing, quality and nutraceutical applications
Rhizobia nodulating agroforestry legume species in southern Ethiopia: phenotypic characteristics, metabolic fingerprinting, genetic diversity and phylogeny
Effects of biotic and abiotic constraints on the symbiosis between rhizobia and the tropical leguminous trees Acacia and Prosopis
Grain legumes : evolution and genetic resources
Coordinated research on groundnut rosette virus disease : summary proceedings of the consultative group meeting to discuss collaborative research on groundnut rosette virus disease held at Lilongwe, Malawi 8-10 March 1987.
Beans : a history
Growing Food  : A Guide to Food Production
Protein sources for the animal feed industry : Expert Consultation and Workshop, Bangkok, 29 April - 3 May 2002.
Use of faba beans (Vicia faba L.) in diets of laying hens
Results of the official variety trials 2008-2015.
Australian field crops. Vol. 2, Tropical cereals, oilseeds, grain legumes and other crops
Climate change and management of cool season grain legume crops
Tree species diversity, forest structure and nodulation of legume trees in a tropical freshwater swamp forest in French Guiana
CRC handbook of world food legumes : nutritional chemistry, processing technology, and utilization. Vol. 2
Legumes of Africa : a check-list
Coordination of research on peanut stripe virus : summary proceedings of the 1st Meeting to coordinate research on peanut stripe virus disease of groundnut, held at Malang Research Institute for Food Crops (MARIF), Indonesia, 9-12 June 1987.
Temperate legumes : physiology, genetics and nodulation
Nitrogen-fixing leguminous symbioses
Mesorhizobium septentrionale sp. nov. and Mesorhizobium temperatum sp. nov., isolated from Astragalus adsurgens growing in the northern regions of China
Genetics, genomics and breeding of cool season grain legumes
Molecular microbial ecology of the soil : results from an FAO/IAEA co-ordinated research programme, 1992-1996
Genetic improvement of vegetable crops
Hedysarum jaxartucirdes (Fabaceae), a new species from Xinjiang, China
Yellow-flowered lucerne : properties and influence on performance and reproduction of ewes
Advances in pulses research in Bangladesh : proceedings of the 2nd National workshop on pulses, 6-8 Jun 1989, Joydebpur, Bangladesh
The quality of grass samples used for animal feed by combining mycotoxin measures and mycological determination of mycobiota were explored. The samples of the plant material were collected in 2014 in two stages: before the first mowing (May-June) and before the second one (July-August) from the fields of stock-farms located in northwestern part of the Russia. All samples were divided into three types: grasses, mixture of different grasses and clover, alfalfa mixed with timothy. The occurrence of aflatoxin B1, alternariol, citrinin, cyclopiazonic acid, deoxynivalenol, diacetoxyscirpenol, emodin, ergot alkaloids, fumonisins, mycophenolic acid, ochratoxin A, PR-toxin, roridin A, sterigmatocystin, T-2 toxin, and zearalenone were determined using ELISA. The multiple fungal and mycotoxin contaminations are already formed in plant tissues by the moment of first mowing. The complexes of mycotoxins including up to 14-16 components and the combined character of plant contamination quite correspond to the taxonomic variety of mycobiota.
Vegetable pigeonpea : a promising crop for India
A global mapping system for bambara groundnut production
Somatic hybridization in crop improvement. 2
Forage legumes for sustainable agriculture and livestock production in subhumid West Africa
Production and consumption of foodgrains in India : implications of accelerated economic growth and poverty alleviation
Compendium of bean diseases
Phosphorus nutrition of grain legumes in the semi-arid tropics
Composition, ileal amino acid digestibility and nutritive value of organically grown legume seeds and conventional rapeseed cakes for pigs
Characterization of low-molecular weight acidic peptides in the leaves of Trifolium repens and Phaseolus vulgaris
Legumes in farming systems : proceedings of a workshop on "Legumes in farming systems" held in Boigneville (France), May 25-27, 1988
Supplementation of vetch (Vicia sativa) hay to Begait and Abergelle goats in northern Ethiopia
Soil-borne clover diseases in intensive legume cropping
Tropical legumes : resources for the future : report of an Ad Hoc Panel
Methods of lupine alkaloid analysis : analysis of interaction between legume and soil
Legumes in Finnish agriculture : history, present status and future prospects
Fruits and seeds of genera in the subfamily Faboideae (Fabaceae). Vol. 1
The effect of two pesticides (Vitavax-300 and Gaucho) on rhizobia and on the nodulation of four legumes
Postharvest biotechnology of food legumes
Approaches to folyl polyglutamate analysis
The objective of this study was to determine the effects of silage plant species (faba bean and field pea based whole crop legume-cereals vs. grass) on performance and meat quality of growing Aberdeen Angus (AA) and Nordic Red (NR) bulls. A 2×3 factorial design was used. The experiment comprised 30 AA and 30 NR bulls. Both breeds were randomly allotted to the three feeding treatments. The compositions (g kg-1 dry matter) of diets were: 1) grass silage (650) plus rolled barley (350), 2) faba bean-wheat silage (650) plus rolled barley (350) and 3) pea-wheat silage (650) plus rolled barley (350). The experimental diets were offered as total mixed rations ad libitum. The AA bulls grew faster, had better feed conversion rates and superior dressing proportion and carcass conformation compared to the NR bulls. Replacing grass silage by whole crop legume-cereal silages in the diet did not have remarkable effects on animal performance, carcass characteristics or meat quality..
Tagasaste, tree lucerne : high production fodder crop
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1996-2003 = Results of official variety trials 1996-2003
Tropical diseases of legumes
Seed protein improvement in cereals and grain legumes : proceedings of an international symposium on seed protein improvement in cereals and grain legumes jointly organized by the International Atomic Energy Agency and the Food and Agriculture organization of the United Nations in co-operation with the Gesellschaft für Strahlen- und Umweltforschung mbH and held in Neuherberg, 4-8 Sept. 1978
ICRISAT in print : a cumulative record of publications 1975-86
Community forestry : some aspects : papers presented at the Regional workshop on Community forestry Korat, Northeast Thailand Aug. 22-29, 1983
Cereals, pulses, legumes and vegetable proteins
Identification and structure of the Rhizobium galegae common nodulation genes : evidence for horizontal gene transfer
Occurrence and properties of proteolytic enzymes in germinating legume seeds
Organic cereal and pulse production : a complete guide
Enhancement of biological nitrogen fixation of common bean in Latin America : results from an FAO/IAEA co-ordinated research programme, 1986-1991
Legume nodulation : a global perspective
Stem anatomy of annual legume intercropping components: white lupin (Lupinus albus L.), narbonne (Vicia narbonensis L.) and common (Vicia sativa L.) vetches
Utilization of tropical foods: tropical beans
Cooking with wholefoods : healthy and wholesome recipes for grains, pulses, legumes and beans
The pigeonpea
The pea crop
Forage legumes for temperate grasslands
Plant resources of South-East Asia. 1, Pulses
Methods of lupine alkaloid analysis : analysis of interaction between legume and soil : shock and stress in legumes
Trial results 1985 of the Hankkija plant breeding institute = Koetuloksia 1985
The role of marejea (Crotalaria ochroleuca) in agricultural production in Tanzania : proceedings of a Writers' workshop, held at Peramiho, Songea, October 15-21, 1986; April 16-21, 1987
Proceedings of the fourth Regional groundnut workshop for Southern Africa
Plant proteins from European crops : food and non-food applications : with 91 figures
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1997-2004 = Results of official variety trials 1997-2004
Results of the official variety trials 2009-2016.
Methods of lupine alkaloid analysis : analysis of interaction between legume and soil : shock and stress in legumes : chorology of legumes
Soybean : genetics, molecular biology and biotechnology
Chickpea breeding and management
Ecological studies of symbiotic nitrogen fixation in temperate forage legumes
Clover science and technology
Growth and productivity of haricot bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) under different moisture and light regimes = Vekst og produktivitet hos hagebønne (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) ved ulik tilgang på vatn og lys
Virallisten lajikokeiden tulokset 1994 - 2001 = Results of officialvariety trials 1994 - 2001
Improving yield and nitrogen fixation of grain legumes in the tropics and sub-tropics of Asia : results of a co-ordinated research programme organized by the Joint FAO/IAEA Division of Nuclear Techniques in Food and Agriculture
Prolongation of the growing season due to a warming climate could represent new opportunities for northern agriculture. Climatic and biotic constraints may challenge future crop production. The objective of this study was to speculate how a range of arable land use patterns, resulting from various policy driven choices, could be introduced into a farming system, and how they would affect the risks associated with nutrient leaching. We found that while adaptation to climate change must include consideration of crop choices, there are conflicts associated with allocations and rotations for various market and policy situations. The expected increase in nutrient loading in the simulations caused by climate change was moderate. The increase can partly be compensated for by changes in farmland use, more in the shorter term than in the longer term to mid-century. In the future, adaptation at cropping system level is potentially an efficient way to manage nutrient load risks.
Plant genetic resources of legumes in the Mediterranean
Compendium of pea diseases
Technical handbook on symbiotic nitrogen fixation : legume/rhizobium
Proceedings of the 2nd Regional groundnut workshop for Southern Africa, 10-14 February 1986, Harare, Zimbabwe
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2008-2015 = Results of the official variety trials 2008-2015
Boron fertilisation of organically managed grass-clover swards on coarse-textured soils: effects on botanical and element composition
Metabolic and genomic diversity of rhizobia isolated from field standing native and exotic woody legumes in southern Ethiopia
Forage legumes for soil productivity enhancement and quality fodder production
Summary and recommendations of the international workshop on alfatoxin contamination of groundnut, 6-9 Oct 1987, ICRISAT center, India
Leucaena research reports
The aim was to study the effects of dietary pea inclusion and the addition of Avizyme 1200 -enzyme cocktail on broiler performance, intestinal viscosity and organoleptic quality of meat. The experimental design was a 4 × 2 factorial, the factors being dietary pea inclusion (0, 150, 300 and 450 g kg-1) in the diets fed from day 9 to day 38 and the addition of Avizyme 1200 enzyme cocktail including amylase, protease and xylanase during the entire experiment. The growth of birds improved (p ≤ 0.018) with pea inclusion in a cubic manner. Feed conversion ratio (FCR) of the birds fed on unsupplemented diets improved along pea inclusion, while pea inclusion impaired the FCR on the birds on enzyme cocktail supplemented diets (p ≤ 0.006). The use of the enzyme cocktail improved the body weight, body weight gain and FCR of the broilers and decreased intestinal viscosity (p < 0.001). The organoleptic quality of meat was similar among treatments (p > 0.05). In conclusion, 450 g kg-1 peas can be used in the broiler grower diets without negative effects on the bird performance. The use of enzyme cocktail improves bird performance.
Diversity of rhizobia isolated from pasture and woody legumes grown in Panxi region, Sichuan, China
Legumes of the world
The methods of lupine alkaloid analysis
Tropical crops : a textbook of economic botany
A nomenclator of legume (Fabaceae) genera
Creamy and crunchy : an informal history of peanut butter, the all-American food
Potentials of forage legumes in farming systems of Sub-Saharan Africa : proceedings of a workshop held at ILCA, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia 16-19 September 1985
Performance and meat quality of Nordic Red and Aberdeen Angus bulls offered faba bean or field pea based whole crop legume-cereal silages
The role of legumes in the farming systems of the Mediterranean areas : proceedings of a workshop on the role of legumes in the farming systems of the Mediterranean areas UNDP/ICARDA, Tunis, June 20-24, 1988
Legume inoculants and their use : a pocket manual jointly prepared by Nitrogen Fixation for Tropical Agricultural Legumes (NifTAL) Project, USA...[et al.]
The study was conducted to evaluate an appropriate inclusion level of locally produced unprocessed or expander-processed coloured flowered faba bean (FB) (cv. "Kontu") seeds in diets for laying hens. Egg production and egg quality variables were determined with 560 hens (Lohmann Selected Leghorn, LSL Classic) in a 40-week continued experiment. The hens were fed one of the five diets containing soybean meal as the main protein source. A diet without FB was served as a control diet. Both unprocessed and expander-processed FB was tested either in proportions of 50 g kg-1 or 100 g kg-1 in the diet. Faba bean inclusion (control vs. FB diets) had no effect on the egg production rate, egg mass production, feed consumption, or feed conversion ratio, but it decreased egg weight (p<0.05). Dietary FB inclusion tended to increase the mortality of the hens (p<0.10). Faba bean processing had no effects on egg production parameters or hen mortality. Daily egg mass production decreased and feed conversion ratio increased when FB proportion increased (from 50 to 100 g kg-1, p<0.05). Faba bean inclusion had no effects on egg exterior quality. It can be concluded that 50 g kg-1 of the FB studied (cv. "Kontu") can be used in the diets of laying hens (LSL Classic) without negative effects on production performance or livability.
Climate change adaptation in arable land use, and impact on nitrogen load at catchment scale in northern agriculture
World crops: cool season food legumes : proceedings of the international food legume research conference on pea, lentil, faba bean and chickpea held at the Sheraton Hotel, Spokane, Washington, USA; 6-11 July 1986
Chickpea in the nineties : proceedings of the 2nd international workshop on chickpea improvement, 4 - 8 Dec 1989, ICRISAT Center, India
Intercropped red beet and radish with green bean affected microbial communities and nodulation by indigenous rhizobia
The Leguminosae : a source book of characteristics, uses, and nodulation
Forage tree legumes in tropical agriculture
Brassicas and legumes : from genome structure to breeding
Legumes in farming systems : a joint ICARDA/IFPRI report
Soybean in tropical and subtropical cropping systems : proceedings of a Symposium, Tsukuba, Japan, 26 September-1 October 1983.
Red clover isoflavonoids in feed, plasma and milk of ruminants
Fungal species and multiple mycotoxin contamination of cultivated forage crops
The new Oxford book of food plants
ICRISAT pigeonpea germplasm catalog: Evaluation and analysis
Cereal yield and nutrient uptake as affected by tillage, nitrogen and sulphur fertilization and biological N2, fixation in semiarid Ethiopia = Kornavling og næringsopptak påvirket av jordarbeiding, nitrogen- og sovelgjødsling og biologisk N-fiksering i tørre områder i Etiopia
On-farm evaluation of some plant extracts as biofungicide and bioinsecticide on cowpea in Southwest Nigeria
Activities of carbonic anhydrase, catalase and ACC oxidace of mung bean (Vigna radiata) are differentially affected by salinity stress
Genetic diversity and phylogeny of rhizobia isolated from tropical tree legumes
Mungbean : proceedings of the 2nd International symposium, Bangkok, Thailand, 16-20 November 1987.
CRC handbook of world food legumes : nutritional chemistry, processing technology, and utilization. Vol. 1
Grain legumes for soil productivity improvement in the Northern Guinea savanna of Nigeria
World silage : a survey of forage conservation around the world
Harvesting strategy and N fertilization influence 134Cs uptake by forage plants
The impact of intercropping green bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) with red beet (Beta vulgaris L. var. rubra) and radish (Raphanus sativus L.), two non-legume plants, on the plants' yields, as well as the effect on occurrence and enumeration of microorganisms in the rhizosphere was studied. The intercrop efficacy evaluation, using Land equivalent ratio, revealed values above 1.0 for all intercropped treatments. Diversity of rhizobia from green bean nodules under different intercropping and fertilizing conditions was observed. On the basis of morphological and biochemical characteristics, 67 out of 158 isolates from green bean roots were selected as rhizobia (42.4%), confirmed by detection of 780 bp nifH gene fragments in nifH-PCR, and then clustered in 27 phenotype patterns. Production of exopolysaccharide succinoglycan was observed in 23 rhizobial isolates, while 6 were detected to solubilize tricalcium phosphate. Screening of genetic diversity using (GTG)5-PCR fingerprinting showed presence of six different patterns on the 92% similarity level.
Grain legumes in Africa
Epidemiology and geophytopathology of selected seed-borne diseases
Legume (Fabaceae) nomenclature in the USDA germplasm system
Directory of germplasm collections. 1.1, Food legumes : Arachnis, Cajanus, Cicer, Lens, Lupinus, Phaseolus, Pisum, Psophocarpus, Vicia and Vigna
The chickpea
Fruits and seeds of genera in the subfamily Faboideae (Fabaceae). Vol. 2
Seed technology and its biological basis
Crop production : cereals and legumes
Proceedings of the 3rd Regional groundnut workshop for Southern Africa, 13-18 March 1988, Lilongwe, Malawi
The effect of intercropping on stem anatomy of both supporting (Lupinus albus) and supported (Vicia narbonnensis and V. sativa) annual forage legumes was investigated using stereological method. Intercropped plants showed minimal differences in volume densities (Vv) of stem tissues and forage chemical composition compared to sole crops. The proportions of lignin and NDF (Neutral Detergent Fiber) positively correlated with xylem Vv. The proportions of ADF (Acid Detergent Fiber), cellulose and ash in intercropped plants were increased or decreased mostly by less than 10% compared to those in pure stands. The Anatomical Equivalent Ratio (AER) defined as the ratio based on anatomical quality-determining parameters, can assist in the evaluation of the benefits of specific intercropping systems. Intercropping of the legume species studied in this work, especially L. albus with V. sativa, showed encouraging results from anatomical perspective since it would not cause a decline of forage quality.
Legumes : chemistry, technology, and human nutrition
Economic analysis of maize-tepary bean production using a soil fertility replenishment product (PREP-PAC) in semi-arid Eastern Kenya
The forages and protein crops directory
Pests, diseases, and disorders of peas and beans : a color handbook
Forage legumes : clovers, birdsfoot trefoil, cicer milkvetch, crownvetch and alfalfa
Three trials were performed on two organic farms with dairy and suckler cows and using home-produced forage and feed crops, predominantly grass-clover ley, in order to determine whether boron (B) is a limiting factor for legumes on coarse-textured soils in an area predisposed to low B soil concentrations. The effects of B fertilisation (applied as sprayed liquid) on biomass yield, botanical composition and plant macro- and micronutrient concentrations relative to soil concentrations and livestock requirements were investigated. Boron fertilisation (i) did not affect any yield, (ii) increased the white clover percentage significantly in forage on one farm and (iii) increased B concentrations in plants and soil on both farms, and (iv) did not affect concentrations of other nutrients in forage on either farm. Thus, B was not an obvious limiting factor on these farms. Effects of management practices on interactions and   ratios between B, calcium (Ca), potassium (K), magnesium (Mg) and sodium (Na) and their implications are discussed.
Legume-based fermented foods
Tamarind (Tamarindus indica L.)
Biodiversity of domatia occupants (ants, wasps, bees, and others) of the Sri Lankan myrmecophyte Humboldtia laurifolia Vahl (Fabaceae)
