http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10393 computer programmers
computer programmers programmers
The thrilling adventures of Lovelace and Babbage : with interesting & curious anecdotes of celebrated and distinguished characters : fully illustrating a variety of instructive and amusing scenes; as performed within and without the remarkable difference engine : embellished with portraits and scientifick diagrams
Building great software engineering teams : recruiting, hiring, and managing your team from startup to success
Developer motivation and the perceived company contribution to open source
Software developer experience : case studies in lean-agile and open source environments
Abstract.
Java cookbook
The Tetris effect : the cold war battle for the world's most addictive game
Close to the machine : technophilia and its discontents
Methods to analyze visual attention strategies : applications in the studies of programming
Coding freedom : the ethics and aesthetics of hacking
SCJP Sun® certified programmer for JavaTM 5 study guide : (exam 310-055)
The boy who could change the world : the writings of Aaron Swartz
Software designers in action : a human-centric look at design work
Masters of Doom : how two guys created an empire and transformed pop culture
Honoring the code : conversations with great game designers
How computer programmers work : understanding software development in practise
Hello, startup : a programmer's guide to building products, technologies, and teams
Signing-up : the culture and careers of Silicon Valley computer people
The computer boys take over : computers, programmers, and the politics of technical expertise
Soft skills : the software developer's life manual
Software security : building security in
Masterminds of programming
The clean coder : a code of conduct for professional programmers
The business of software : what every manager, programmer, and entrepreneur must know to thrive and survive in good times and bad
Technical communicator and quality of documentation in a start-up software business
"Honoring the Code. If you're reading this book, then I'm guessing you feel like I do about videogames. They're fantastic, awesome, great, amazing, spectacular, the best damn thing in the universe. They have just as much (if not more) cultural importance to me than any book, movie, or album. Videogames aren't a waste of time. Time is a waste of videogames. I encourage you to adopt a similar attitude. Next time someone scolds you for all the time you spend gaming, please thank them sincerely for wasting theirs. Are videogames art? Considering some people still ask the same of a Picasso or a Pollock, I really don't think I'm going to be changing anybody's mind about Pac-Man. Fortunately, I don't need to do that here. I can already tell you're on my side about all this. We can appreciate videogames because we've been playing them since were old enough to roll a quarter into a slot or press play on a tape. But I want you to take one further step, and go from being a simple consumer of videogames and metamorphose into a connoisseur. As with any field of creative endeavor, there are those who wish to do more than simply experience the art. We want to know something about how it was made, and by whom, and for what reason. We wish to get into the head of the artist; understand the confluence of energy, passion, and craziness that somehow results in a masterpiece. No normal person has ever created a great videogame. Just talk to them. They think we're nuts for actually paying them to make these things. Now, that's not to say they wouldn't like more money. Then they could make more games! Oh, and eat!"--
SCJP Sun certified programmer for Java 6 study guide : exam (310-065)
Just for fun : the story of an accidental revolutionary
Oracle certified professional Java SE 7 programmer exams 1Z0-804 and 1Z0-805 : a comprehensive OCPJP 7 certification guide
Prey
Practices of an agile developer : working in the real world
Patent law for computer scientists : steps to protect computer-implemented inventions
Hackers & painters : big ideas from the computer age
Coders at work : reflections on the craft of programming
Getting a coding job for dummies
Corsair : a science fiction novel
The psychology of computer programming
Needs assessment of software systems graduates
App empire : make money, have a life, and let technology work for you
The thrilling adventures of Lovelace and Babbage : with interesting & curious anecdotes of celebrated and distinguished characters
"In the early 2020s, two young, genius computer hackers, Elizabeth Santiago and David Schwartz, meet at MIT, where Schwartz is sneaking into classes, and have a brief affair. David is amoral and out for himself, and soon disappears. Elizabeth dreams of technology and space travel and takes a military job after graduating. Nearly ten years later, David is setting himself to become a billionaire by working in the shadows under a multiplicity of names for international thieves, and Elizabeth works in intelligence preventing international space piracy. With robotic mining in space becoming a lucrative part of Earth's economy, shipments from space are dropped down the gravity well into the oceans. David and Elizabeth fight for dominance of the computer systems controlling ore drop placement in international waters. If David can nudge a shipment 500 miles off its target, his employers can get there first and claim it legally in the open sea. Each one intuits that the other is their real competition but can't prove it. And when Elizabeth loses a major shipment, she leaves government employ to work for a private space company to find a better way to protect shipments. But international piracy has very high stakes and some very evil players. And both Elizabeth and David end up in a world of trouble." - Provided by publisher.
Minecraft : the unlikely tale of Markus "Notch" Persson and the game that changed everything
User interface design for programmers
Go to : software superheroes from Fortran to the Internet age
Media servers for lighting programmers : a comprehensive guide to working with digital lighting
This book is the "Hello, World" tutorial for building products, technologies, and teams in a startup environment. It's based on the experiences of the author, Yevgeniy (Jim) Brikman, as well as interviews with programmers from some of the most successful startups of the last decade, including Google, Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, GitHub, Stripe, Instagram, AdMob, Pinterest, and many others.
C++ in action : industrial-strength programming techniques
"A guide to building wealth by designing, creating, and marketing a successful app across any platformChad Mureta has made millions starting and running his own successful app business, and now he explains how you can do it, too, in this non-technical, easy-to-follow guide. Make Millions with Apps provides the confidence and the tools necessary for taking the next step towards financial success and freedom. The book caters to many platforms including iPhone, iPad, Android, and BlackBerry.This book includes real-world examples to inspire those who are looking to cash in on the App gold rush. Learn how to set up your business so that it works while you don't, and turn a simple idea into a passive revenue stream. Discover marketing strategies that few developers know and/or use Learn the success formula for getting thousands of downloads a day for one App Learn the secret to why some Apps get visibility while others don't Get insights to help you understand the App store market Make Millions with Apps delivers advice on the most essential things you must do in order to achieve success with an app. Turn your simple app idea into cash flow today!"--
Exploration of SOPC design
Psychology of programming : looking into programmers̕  heads
