http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10323 bombardments
bombardments
The girl with no name
NATO aggression on the FR Yugoslavia '99 : international symposium, Novi Sad, October, 15th-16th, 1999 : proceedings
Three miles
NATO's empty victory : a postmortem on the Balkan War
Amphibious warfare 1000-1700 : commerce, state formation and European expansion
Inferno : the fiery destruction of Hamburg, 1943
NATO crimes in Yugoslavia : documentary evidence. 2 : 25 April- 10 June 1999
Bluffing Mr. Churchill
Second violin
The children of the King
Downfall : the end of the Imperial Japanese Empire
Facts on consequences of the use of depleted uranium in the NATO aggression against of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia in 1999
Clear conscience : the atom bomb vs... the super holocaust
Depleted Uranium in Serbia and Montenegro : post-conflict environmental assessment in the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia
My sweat Valentine
This book is a remarkable reevaluation of Japan's role in the modern world. It includes a new assessment of the events leading up to the dropping of the bomb on Hiroshima, and of the potential role of Japanese philosophy in creating a dynamic approach to human nature and our understanding of reality. The book also shows the interrelatedness of various facets of Japanese history and society, including psychological orientation, pop culature, and Japan's vibrant craft tradition. Finally, it concludes with a possible prediction, that whereas the United States will not be able to escape from its neoliberal economic categories and its commitment to a self-defeating philosophy of "growth." Japan might surprise us, and turn out to be the frontrunner in the development of post-capitalist alternatives in the 21st century. Written in a personal and accessible style, the book is likely to provide a focus for debate about issues of economy, ecology, and sustainability for years to come.
The bombs that brought us together
Neurotic beauty : an outsider looks at Japan
Wild Blue : 741 Squadron - on a wing and a prayer over occupied Europe
Finish forty and home : the untold world war II story of B-24s in the Pasific
Shadows of Hiroshima
Christmas on the Mersey
Black out
Only a mother knows
A memoir of the atomic bombing
The Schweinfurt-Regensburg mission : American raids on 17 August 1943
After the bombing
Conner Street's war
The big bang : a history of explosives
The next war in the air : Britain's fear of the bomber, 1908-1941
Hiroshima and Nagasaki : retrospect and prospect
Bombing the people : Giulio Douhet and the foundations of air power strategy, 1884-1939
The last mission : the secret history of World War II's final battle
Among the dead cities : was the Allied bombing of civilians in WWII a necessity or a crime?
Dam busters : the race to smash the dams, 1943
The small back room
Putting the pieces togheter : an insight into aerial bombings in the North-eastern Sri Lanka
Hiroshima traces : time, spaces, and the dialectics of memory
Fifth column
An illustrated guide to modern sub hunters
The century of warfare. Volume 9, Oriental blitzkrieg - the Pacific theatre: 1939-1942 ; Jungle and ocean ; the Pacific theatre: 1943-1945
NATO crimes in Yugoslavia : documentary evidence : 24 March - 24 April 1999
Unjust honors causa : chronicle a most peculiar academic dishonor
The Blitz then and now. Volume 3
Night witches : the untold story of Soviet women in combat
A German catastrophe? : German historians and the Allied bombings, 1945-2010
Looking into hell : experiences of the Bomber Command War
Whisteling in the dark : a novel
The aftermath
Terror discourse in British media 2005
That Liverpool girl
To destroy a city : strategic bombing and its human consequences in World War II
Slaughterhouse-five, or, The children's crusade : a duty-dance with death
The book thief
Secrets of the sewing bee
Berlin : The seven dwarves
The things we did for love
In the summer of 1943, British and American bombers launched an attack on the German city of Hamburg unlike anything the world had ever seen. For ten days they pounded the city with over 9,000 tons of bombs. The firestorm they created was visible for 200 miles, and pockets burned for a month. The people of Hamburg had no time to understand what had hit them. As they emerged from their cellars and shelters, they were confronted with a vision of hell: a sea of flame, the burned-out husks of fire engines, roads that had become flaming rivers of melted tarmac, and hurricane-force winds. Writer Lowe interviewed eyewitnesses and gathered together hundreds of documents. His book gives the human side of an inhuman story: the long, tense buildup to the Allied attack; the unparalleled horror of the firestorm itself; and the terrible aftermath
the Baptismal Font of Cervantes and the Tomb of Cardinal Cisneros (Alcalá de Henares)
Cold War secret nuclear bunkers : the passive defence of the western world during the Cold War
Firemen at war : the work of London's fire-fighters in the Second World War
World war II : Taistelu Britanniasta
Daughters of Liverpool
Operation Sea lion : Hitler's plot to invade England
Children of the A-bomb : Testament of the boys and girls of Hiroshima
The holocaust and strategic bombing : genocide and total war in the twentieth century
Bravo 20 : the bombing of the American west
Reading the ruins : modernism, bombsites and British culture
Hiroshima-Nagasaki : a pictorial record of the atomic destruction
Hiroshima : survivers witnessed the atomic bomb Inferno
On the natural history of destruction : with essays on Alfred Andersch, Jean Améry and Peter Weiss
The last torpedo flyers : the true story of Arthur Aldridge - hero of the skies
Fallen eagle : The last days of the third reich
The Hiroshima pilot
Ashes to ashes
Death from the skies : how the British and Germans survived bombing in World War II
In The Bombing War, Richard Overy gives the first full narrative account of the aerial devastation of the European continent during World War II. From Stalingrad to the ports of the French west coast, from Clydeside to Malta, bombing was experienced by millions of ordinary Europeans. Why the bombing was undertaken and how the bombed societies survived are the two key questions answered in this remarkable book.Before 1939 there were exaggerated ideas about what a bombing war could achieve, with Europeans prepared for a nightmarish and immediate war of obliteration. Bombing was supposed to shorten wars by destroying industry and paralyzing the enemy will. These expectations proved false. Bombing was a long drawn out affair, failed to undermine morale and imposed only limited economic damage. Yet the more bombing failed to deliver the expected knockout blow, the more effort went in to attacking cities and their civilian populations, eroding any legal or moral constraints that had operated at first for the German, British and American air forces. Once the campaigns had started, the momentum for escalation became irreversible, with terrible consequences. The assault of the home front contributed little directly to the outcome of the war but it did distort the strategy of both sides by creating a new sphere for military combat which absorbed huge resources. It was this military dimension of the bombing war that really affected how Britain or Germany or the United States won or lost by 1945.The Bombing War brings together strategy, politics, technology, combat and social policy to understand the real experience of both bombing and being bombed. It strips away the many post-war myths and shows how quickly bombing came to be taken for granted on all sides and the established rules of war, even for liberal democracies, replaced by a moral expediency. --Publisher's description.
The home front
German historians and the bombing of German cities : the contested air war
It's the Second World War and, with London becoming an increasingly dangerous place to live, the Lockwood children are whisked away to Heron Hall, to stay with their Uncle Peregrine in the countryside. But when they discover two strange boys hiding in a nearby derelict castle, the past and present collide. Can those in the present learn from the troubles of the past? Covering two dramatic periods in English history, The children of the King deals sensitively with themes such as loss, grief, family, friendships, war and power.
The girl on the beach
London's war : the shelter drawings of Henry Moore
Dresden : Tuesday 13 February 1945
A history of bombing
Firestorm : the bombing of Dresden 1945
In the last years of the Second World War, a million tonnes of bombs were dropped by the Allies on 131 German towns and cities. 600,000 civilians died, seven and a half million Germans were left homeless. W.G. Sebald's lucid but harrowing essays explore the consequences for the German people of the mass destruction of their cities.
Hiroshima's shadow : [writings on the denial of history and the Smithsonian controversy]
The Berlin raids : RAF Bomber Command, winter 1943-44
Hiroshima : the story of the first atom bomb
London 1914-17 : the Zeppelin menace
The night watch
Hiroshima o sekai ni = The spirit of Hiroshima : An introduction to the Atomic Bomb Tragedy
Bomber offensive
Foreign wings over the Basque country : the Spanish war
A higher call : the incredible true story of heroism and chivalry during the Second World War
Trinity : a graphic history of the first atomic bomb
From fires to ghosts, and from flowers to surrealist apparitions, the bombsites of London were both unsettling and inspiring terrains. Yet throughout the years prior to the Second World War, British culture was already filled with ruins and fragments. They appeared as content, with visions of tottering towers and scraps of paper; and also as form, in the shapes of broken poetics. But from the outbreak of the Second World War what had been an aesthetic mode began to resemble a proleptic template. During that conflict many modernist writers - such as Graham Greene, Louis MacNeice, David Jones, J. F. Hendry, Elizabeth Bowen, T. S. Eliot and Rose Macaulay - engaged with devastated cityscapes and the altered lives of a nation at war. To understand the potency of the bombsites, both in the Second World War and after, Reading the Ruins brings together poetry, novels and short stories, as well as film and visual art.
Germany and the Second World War. vol. 9/1, German wartime society 1939-1945 : politicization, disintegration, and the struggle for survival
Prayer for the devil
Stuka attack! : the dive-bombing assault on England during the Battle of Britain
Bombs away! : representing the air war over Europe and Japan
The Blitz then and now. Volume 1
The diary of a political idiot : normal life in Belgrade
The postmistress
The Bombing war : Europe 1939-1945
The Book Thief & I Am the Messenger
Kosovo and international society
The Peenemünde raid, the night of 17-18 August 1943
The Nuremberg raid, 30-31 March 1944
The red line : the gripping account of the RAF's bloodiest raid on Hitler's Germany
Slaughter-house five
London at war : 1939-1945
The Goldstone report
One day in Hiroshima - an oral history
Slaughterhouse-Fife, or, The children's crusade : a duty-dance with death
The longest night : 10-11 May 1941 : voices from the London blitz
North Vietnam : a documentary
The Blitz then and now. Volume 2
The punishment of Gaza
The lessons and non-lessons of the air and missile campaign in Kosovo
