http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10361 acceptance
acceptance
Acceptance for urban road pricing in a politico-economic framework
The wolf who wanted to change his color
You're all animals
Reason, recognition, and internal critique
"Switch the lights off  : Employee argumentation on acceptance or rejection of corporate environmentalism in a financial corporation
Compares and contrasts these types of biologics with one another and with small molecule drugs, while incorporating the essential international regulatory documents. This book provides coverage of the process of nonclinical safety assessment and comprehensive reviews of each type of biopharmaceutical.
The body wars : why body dissatisfaction is at epidemic proportions and how we can fight back
The affirmative action debate
None of the above
Nonclinical development of novel biologics, biosimilars, vaccines and specialty biologics
User acceptance studies for LED office lighting : light spectrum and correlated colour temperature
Self-esteem games : 300 fun activities that children feel good about themselves
Bear doesn't want to be a bear anymore so he tries out what it's like to be a duck. With a few lessons from Duck, Bear realizes he makes a much better bear after all / Library of Congress.
It's ok to be gay : celebrity coming out stories
Women, food, and desire : embrace your cravings, make peace with food, reclaim your body
The other me
Living with the enemy : coping with the stress of chronic illness using CBT, mindfulness and acceptance
The welfare consequences of strategic behaviour under approval and plurality voting
The velvet rage : overcoming the pain of growing up gay in a straight man's world
Far from the tree : parents, children and the search for identity
Effect of enjoyment on attitude and on behavioral intention to use mobile applications when technology use is mandatory
Adopting new technology : gender influences on heart rate monitor acceptance
Save that train!
Horton Hears a Who
The weight of images : affect, body image and fat in the media
Portia is bright beyond her years, which means it difficult to make friends in her new school, and her single mother is preoccupied, so when Portia sneaks into the woods after midnight and discovers a shy and sweet purple monster, she is delighted by her new friend--but Jellaby has secrets of his own.
Who do you think you are? : an introduction to self-discovery
Croc and bird
Empowering your pupils through role-play : exploring emotions and building resilience
Insights into consumers' emerging interest in mobile services
E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial
The Radleys
Tiny Buddha's guide to loving yourself : 40 ways to transform your inner critic and your life
Treaty obligations of individuals: playing 'Simon says'?
The body image workbook : an eight-step program for learning to like your looks
"In this variation on the Cinderella story, Ash grows up believing in the fairy realm that the king and his philosophers have sought to suppress, until one day she must choose between a handsome fairy cursed to love her and the King's Huntress whom she loves."/WordCat
Mindfulness, acceptance and value-based intervention for burnout : mediational roles of learning the elements of the intervention on outcomes
Adrian and the tree of secrets
Eleanor's eyebrows
The pure gold baby
Maailman ihanin tyttö = The loveliest girl in the world
When we first meet Bobby, he is a shy, twelve-year-old magician who falls in love with his best friend. William is consumed with self-hate and drinks to escape the memories of his father's sadness and his mother's death. Myles is writing letters to a mother he has never met. Three different people from three different times each explore the dark side of relationships, search for beauty in sadness and try to bear the burden of guilt from living in a world we are powerless to fix.
The construction of gender identity through social dialect choice for adolescents and young adults : some examples from the spoken component of the British National Corpus
Methodological questions in lighting acceptance and preference studies
No dress rehearsal
When his best friend Hector is suddenly taken away, Standish Treadwell realises that it is up to him, his grandfather and a small band of rebels to confront and defeat the ever-present oppressive forces of the Motherland.
Development and control of medicines and medical devices
Airy Tales : stories from above the clouds and beyond the skies
Red cat, blue cat
The art and science of mindfulness : integrating mindfulness into psychology and the helping professions
How to build a girl
Acceptability of electronic assemblies
The littlest dinosaur
Fifty & fabulous! : the best years of a woman's life
Sketch monsters : the new kid
Tough crowd : consumer acceptance of equity crowdfunding platforms
The magicians : a novel
I heart me : the science of self-love
Lies we tell ourselves
A very hungry girl : how I filled up on life ... and how you can, too!
The boy who grew flowers
Pussy : a reclamation
Jellaby : the lost moster
Collective acceptance
Navigating early
Nurse Nancy
Owly : flying lessons
Mobile CRM in industrial firms : salespeople's intention to adopt mobile solutions
Let's get this straight : the ultimate handbook for youth with LGBTQ parents
Collective acceptance and collective attitude : on the social construction od social reality
Bear and duck
During the last twenty years, the theory of recognition has become an established field of philosophy and social studies. Variants of this theory often promise applications to the burning political issues of current society, such as the challenges of multiculturalism, group identity, and conflicts between ideologies and religions. The seminal works of this trend employ Hegelian ideas to tackle the problem of modernity. Although some recent studies also investigate the pre-Hegelian roots of recognition, this concept is normally considered to be a product of the secular modernity of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries. Recognition and Religion: A Historical and Systematic Study challenges this assumption and claims that important intellectual roots of the concept and conceptions of recognition are found in much earlier religious sources. Risto Saarinen outlines the first intellectual history of religious recognition, stretching from the New Testament to present day. He connects the history of religion with philosophical approaches, arguing that philosophers owe a considerable historical and conceptual debt to the religious processes of recognition. At the same time, religious recognition has a distinctive profile that differs from philosophy in some important respects. Saarinen undertakes a systematic elaboration of the insights provided by the tradition of religious recognition. He proposes that theology and philosophy can make creative use of the long history of religious recognition.
The jackal who thought he was a peacock
A cat with a difference
And they felt no shame : Christians reclaiming their sexuality
Peaches for Monsieur Le Curé
Ash
Consumer adoption of mobile technologies: a literature review
Technology acceptance of digital historical record database systems among historians
Horton hears a who!
"A groundbreaking story about a teenage girl who discovers she's intersex...and what happens when her secret is revealed to the entire school. Incredibly compelling and sensitively told, None of the Above is a thought-provoking novel that explores what it means to be a boy, a girl, or something in between" / Amazon website.
Out of hiding
When we were alive
Recognition and religion : a historical and systematic study
The wellness syndrome
Possibilities of trust and recognition between refugees and authorities : resettlement as a part of durable solutions of forced migration
Introducing teddy : a story about being yourself
After.Life
Hide away
The nanny goat's kid
Academic recognition of diplomas in the European Community : present state and prospects
Snow cake
The foolish tortoise
The happiness trap : based on ACT : revolutionary mindfulness-based programme for overcoming stress, anxiety and depression
Struck by lightning
After a shark attack causes the amputation of her right arm, fifteen-year-old Jane, an aspiring artist, struggles to come to terms with her loss and the changes it imposes on her day-to-day life and her plans for the future.
A concise Chinese-English dictionary for lovers
Remembering light and stone
Love your body : a positive affirmation guide for loving and appreciating your body
Grace's guide : the art of pretending to be a grown-up
Women, food and desire : embrace your cravings, make peace with food, reclaim your body
In 1959 Virginia, Sarah, a black student who is one of the first to attend a newly integrated school, forces Linda, a white integration opponent's daughter, to confront harsh truths when they work together on a school project.
Participants' outcome expectations and changes in well-being and ill-being in mindfulness based intervention for burnout
I am not a copycat! : featuring Hugo and Bella
