http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10344 job rotation
job rotation
First women geographers in Finland 1890-1930 : a development perspective
The shadow economy : an international survey
Strategies for transferring cultural capital : the case of highly skilled Finns in Europe
Phlebotomy basics with other laboratory techniques
Phlebotomy : a customer service approach : a textbook for developing phlebotomy and customer service skills
Oxford handbook of cardiac nursing
Cardiovascular load and strain of motormanual logging and work in wintertime
Catholic missions : four great missionary encyclicals
Structures of counselling interaction in career guidance training : findings, critiques and consequences
Essays on labour market structure and policies
Women in managerial careers
Apostolic letter Euntes in mundum
Cardiovascular and pulmonary physical therapy : an evidence-based approach
Nursing practice : hospital and home : the adult
Cardiac nursing : a comprehensive guide
Managing know-how in job rotation : case: Yleisradio Oy
Job rotation - European models
"Illicit work, social security fraud, economic crime, and other shadow economy activities are fast becoming an international problem. This second edition uses new data to reassess currency demand and the model approach to estimate the size of the shadow economy in seventy-six developing, transition, and OECD countries. This updated edition argues that during the 2000s the average size of a shadow economy varied from 19% of GDP for OECD, to 30% for transition, and to 45% for developing countries"
Unresolved dilemmas : women, work and the family in the United States, Europe and the former Soviet Union
The incidence and determinants of employee involvement : evidence from the Finnish manufacturing sector
Why do individuals evade payroll and income taxation in Estonia
Job rotation has become an organizational tool used to widen an employee's perspective by enabling a person to switch between jobs. Yleisradio Oy took on job rotation in an organized way in the beginning of the year 2010. Due to financial cutbacks Yleisradio Oy is downsizing its operations and thus job rotation will become more necessary in the upcoming years. This thesis looks at managing know-how in job rotation with special emphasis on the manager's point of view on different aspects of the subject. This is meant for managers to help them react in situations of change which affect their departments as employees are coming to or leaving from their teams.  Job rotation is still in its early stages in organizations around the globe and thus there is not much research done on the subject. For this thesis primary research was conducted with in-depth interviews of nine managers in Yleisradio Oy. Job rotation influences not only the person taking part in the process but also their colleagues as well as their manager. Benefits of job rotation come to the employee taking part in job rotation, the department where they are leaving from, the department where they are going to as well as the organization as a whole. All these sectors which are influenced by job rotation have different needs and wants concerning the issue. These issues are handled in this thesis to provide insight into their relations with job rotation. Managers are the integral piece in the rotation process. They are the link between all the people affected by employees taking part in job rotation. Managers have to have good leadership skills to take into consideration the feelings of the employee coming to or leaving from their department as well as the rest of their subordinates as the change emerges. Managers also need to have good connections to the human resource department as well as to other managers to share thoughts and bounce ideas so that they have a good support system. This comes up especially when redefining concepts how to better manage the know-how which employees have as they switch jobs.
Phlebotomy handbook : blood collection essentials
Wong's essentials of pediatric nursing
Prentice Hall real nursing skills. Intermediate & advanced nursing skills
Energy, complexity and wealth maximization
Watson's medical-surgical nursing and related physiology
Self-help groups related to coronary heart disease : lay and nursing support
Jeremiah Jellyfish flies high!
Circular business : collaborate and circulate
Stroke rehabilitation : guidelines for exercise and training to optimize motor skill
Women are a considerable portion of the labour force. The majority of them also establish relationships and become mothers. Combining work and family has created considerable problems for women, domestic circumstances and main responsibility for housework and children still affect women, meaning they enter the labour market with one hand tied behind their back. How do women today cope with the dilemmas caused by their dual roles? This book takes a critical look at the concept of dual roles, and makes an assessment of women's locations in the workplace and at home, considering both continuities and change. The book concentrates on a wide variety of issues around work, family and their interrelationships. Unresolved dilemmas from different cross-cultural perspectives are considered, integrating the problems of modern women.
The internet of things shapes industrial ecosystems (English Summary)
Effects of suburban development on runoff generation and water quality
Career guidance training : dealing with uncertainty
Retirement and knowledge : tacit knowledge transfer to new generations
The effect of an MBA on the development of women's management competencies : a gender viewpoint
