http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10408 road cycling
road cycling
Smart cycling : promoting safety, fun, fitness, and the environment
Climate for a transport change : TERM 2007 : indicators tracking transport and environment in the European Union
Total road cycling
Market research of road racing bicycles in Nordic Countries : case: Cinelli
Abstract: This thesis deals with market research and the Nordic bicycle markets, the main  focus on road racing bicycles. The aim of this thesis is to describe the Nordic bicycle  markets, and find out market potential for the case company which is interested  in expanding their operations in the Nordic countries.  The theoretical framework of this thesis involves the main theories of market research.  Essential issues like market research process, data collection, market segmentation  and competitor identification and analysis will be presented.  The empirical part consists of market research of bicycle markets in different Nordic  countries and presentation of the main competitors of the case company. It is  based on both secondary and primary research. Secondary research included collecting  information from the Internet, books and brochures, along with investigating  statistics. Primary research was conducted by interviewing experts in the field  of business. In addition, questionnaire and observation were used.  The market research made for the case company gives an idea whether to allocate  more sources for investigating the Nordic markets more carefully, or not. Without  further examination, accurate conclusions cannot be made. However the results  show that there is some potential in the Nordic markets, especially in Denmark.
The invisible mile
Mapping le Tour
Merckx : half man, half bike
Tour de France : the story of the world's greatest cycle race
Domestique : the true life ups and downs of a tour cyclist
Bernard Hinault and the fall and rise of French cycling
Tour de France : the complete book of the world's greatest cycle race
Cycling fast
New market orientated transport systems
Modelling of traffic emissions at intersections
Lance Armstrong : the world's greatest champion
Tour de France : a hundred years of the world's greatest cycle race
Tour d'Europe : the yoga of road cycling
