http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10415 coin finds
coin finds
The Hoxne treasure : an illustrated introduction
XII. Internationaler Numismatischer Kongress, Berlin 1997 : Akten - proceedings - actes
The coins from Maroneia and the classical city at Molyvoti : a contribution to the history of Aegean Thrace
Excavations of the Athenian Agora : picture book. 15, Greek and Roman coins in the Athenian Agora
Kosala state region, C. 600-470 B.C : silver punchmarked coinage
The Stein collection of coins from Chinese Central Asia
The Baldringe hoard
Ancient Greek coins found in central, eastern and northern Europe
Excavations of the Athenian Agora : picture book. 18, Mediaeval and modern coins in the Athenian Agora
The Islamic world, Russia and the Vikings, 750-900 : the numismatic evidence
Nineteenth-century coin hoards from Finland
Sigtuna papers : proceedings of the Sigtuna Symposium on Viking-Age Coinage, 1-4 June 1989
The Viking-age gold and silver of Scotland (AD 850-1100)
Observations on Oriental coins found in Finland
The Coin Cabinet, National Museum of Finland, Helsinki : Coin finds recorded in 1991-1998
Byzantine coins from Sweden
Viking-age hoards and late Anglo-Saxon coins : a study in honour of Bror Emil Hildebrand's Anglosachsiska mynt
Coins, art, and chronology. 2, The first millennium C.E. in the Indo-Iranian borderlands
The report of the Amman lots of the Qumran silver coin hoards : new chronological aspects of the silver coin hoard evidence from Khirbet Qumran at the Dead Sea
Coins with history : collection of the Banco de Portugal
Arheoloogiga Läänemeremaades : uurimusi Jüri Seliranna auks = Travelling with an archaeologist through the Baltic countries : studies in honour of Jüri Selirand
Coins and coin finds in Finland AD 800-1200
The successful treasure hunter's site guide
Means of exchange : dealing with silver in the Viking Age
Numismatic Archaeology Archaeological Numismatics : proceedings of an international conference held to honour Dr. Mando Oeconomides in Athens 1995
Greek coins
Coins, art, and chronology : essays on pre-Islamic history of the Indo-Iranian borderlands
The Denarius find of Hulterstad, Öland, c. 1800 : a catalogue
Roman coins and their values. Vol. 5, The Christian empire : The later Constantinian dynasty and the houses of Valentinian and Theodosius and their successors, Constantine II to Zeno, AD 337-491
Rı̄gas Peldu ielas 13. gs. monētu depozı̄ts = The 13th century coin hoard from Peldu street, Riga
Craftsmen and coins : signed dies in the Iranian world (third to the fifth centuries AH)
Images of the illustrious : the numismatic presence in the Renaissance
Late Roman silver : the Traprain treasure in context
Roman provincial coinage. Vol. 1, [From the death of Caesar to the death of Vitellius (44 BC-AD 69)], pt 2 : Indexes and plates
Money on the silk road : the evidence from Eastern Central Asia to c. AD 800
Excavations at Helgö. 10, Coins, iron and gold
Byzantine coins found in Sweden
The pre-islamic coinage of Eastern Arabia
The metal detector book
A coin hoard from the Turku Dominican convent (1901)
Kushan, Kushano-Sasanian, and Kidarite coins : a catalogue of coins from the American Numismatic Society
Proceedings of the 10th international congress of numismatics, London, September 1986 = Actes du 10ème congrès international de numismatique
The Forum hoard of Anglo-Aaxon coins = Il ripostiglio dell'Atrium Vestae nel Foro romano
Early coin finds from Finland
The driftless area
Late Roman and Byzantine solidi found in Sweden and Denmark
Roman provincial coinage. Vol. 1, From the death of Caesar to the death of Vitellius (44 BC-AD 69), pt 1 : Introduction and catalogue
Greek and Roman coins in the Athenian Agora
Silver economies, monetisation and society in Scandinavia, AD 800-1100
Good people : a novel
Aspects of Anglo-Scandinavian York
Ancient hoards of Estonia : [catalogue of exhibition]
Skattefund : sølv fra Christian IVs tid = Danish seventeenth-century silver hoards
Anglo-Saxon coins found in Finland
The Greek coins
The Frome Hoard
Plate money : the world's largest currency
The coin atlas : the world of coins from its origins to the present day
The silver coinage of Cappadocia, Vespasian-Commodus
New information on the find of Võlla
Interpreting deposits : linking ritual with economy
Silver coins of the Indian sub-continent from 449 until 1947
Greek and Roman coins and the study of history
Multiple concealments from the sanctuary of Zeus Olympios at Dion : three Roman provincial coin hoards
The Audumbaras
The Viking Age in Finland : numismatic aspects
A letter of Michele Schiavo describing a coin of Didia Clara (Palermo, eighteenth century)
Coin finds and coin use in the Roman world : the thirteenth Oxford Symposium on Coinage and Monetary History, 25.-27.3.1993, a NATO Advanced Research Workshop
Islamic and Western coins as jewellery in Viking-Age Finland
Studies in Constantinian numismatics : papers from 1954 to 1988
Supplement to the pre-islamic coinage of Eastern Arabia
Roman denarii found in Sweden. 2, Catalogue. Text
Madhu : recent researches in Indian archaeology and art history : shri M. N. Deshpande Festschrift
The coin hoard of Järise, 1685.
The trust
Keimelion : Elitenbildung und elitärer Konsum von der mykenischen Palastzeit bis zur Homerischen Epoche : Akten des internationalen Kongresses vom 3. bis 5. Februar 2005 in Salzburg = The formation of elites and elitist lifestyles from Mycenaen palatial times to the Homeric period
Roman provincial coinage. Vol. 2, p. 2, Indexes and plates
Skupni nalaz kasnorimskog novca iz Treštanovaca = Hoard of Late Roman bronzes from Treštanovci
After Alexander : Central Asia before Islam
Roman provincial coinage. Vol. 2, From Vespasian to Domitian (AD 69 - 96), part 1: Introduction and catalogue
A silver legend : the story of the Maria Theresa Thaler
Coins from the frigate Nicholas
Coin datings in Finnish archaeology
Nicobar : the biggest plate money find in the world = Världens största fynd av plåtmynt
The Sigtuna coinage c. 995-1005
An atlas of Anglo-Saxon and Norman coin finds, c. 973-1086
Krimuldas Raganas depozı̄ts : Gayjas lı̄biešu sudraba rotas un monētas 10.-13. gadsimts : katalogs = The Krimuldas Ragana hoard : silver ornaments and coins of the Gauja livs 10th-13th centuries : the cataloque
Studies in early medieval coinage. Vol. 1, Two decades of discovery
Studies in late Anglo-Saxon coinage : in memory of Bror Emil Hildebrand
Papers on numismatics and the history of metallurgy
Viking coinage and currency in the British Isles
The finds. 3.2, The coins
Studies in silk road coins and culture : papers in honour of professor Ikuo Hirayama on his 65th birthday
Graeco-Bactrian and Indian coins from Afghanistan
Silk road coins : the Hirayama collection
