http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1046 idols
idols
"This book examines ancient figurines from several world areas to address recurring challenges in the interpretation of prehistoric art"--
Royal style : a history of aristocratic fashion icons
Celebrity and power : fame in contemporary culture
Fifty fashion looks that changed the 1960s
Fifty fashion looks that changed the 1970s
Chocolat. 1 / [translation Sunny Kim]
Everyone loves you when you're dead : and other things I learned from famous people
THOSE WHO DIED YOUNG : CULT HEROES OF THE TWENTIETH CENTURY
Zoomorphic clay figurines from two Stone Age sites in Rääkkylä, North Karelia
Fifty fashion looks that changed the 1950s
Framing the Jina : narratives of icons and idols in Jain history
Clay shamans and stone jaguars : the ancient art of Ecuador
Zemes idolum diabolicum : surprise and success in ethnographic Kunstkammer research
Interpreting ancient figurines : context, comparison, and prehistoric art
The celebrity culture reader
The Nabatean terracotta figurines
The J. Golden Kimball stories
Three to see the king
Vickie Howell's pop goes crochet : 36 projects inspired by icons of popular culture
Fans : the mirror of consumption
L'art pléistocène dans le monde = Pleistocene art of the world = Arte pleistoceno en el mundo
The idol in the age of art : objects, devotions and the early modern world
Chocolat. vol. 4 / [translation: Jackie Oh] ; [English adaptation: Jamie S. Rich]
Suicidal alcoholics, meterosexual family men and other heroes? : representations of modern athletic hero
Gil Elvgren : all his glamorous American pin-ups
Mission to Lars
Bridget Jones : the edge of reason
Elvis culture : fans, faith & image
The myth of genius in movement : historical deconstruction of the Nijinsky legend
Afterlife as afterimage : understanding posthumous fame
The Iconology of Gender : Eastern & Western traditions of European iconography 3
Rockerama : 25 years of teen screen idols
I think I love you
Writings about the Finnish Fandom of the Spice Girls Band
Korean masculinities and transcultural consumption : Yonsama, Rain, Oldboy, K-Pop idols
Silent film & the triumph of the American myth
The return of the Death Eric
Fifty fashion looks that changed the 1990s
Too much too young : popular music, age, and gender
The ultimate business guru book : 50 thinkers who made management
Mind and form in folklore : selected articles
The research presented in this volume is very recent, and the general approach is that of rethinking popular musicology: its purpose, its aims, and its methods. Contributors to the volume were asked to write something original and, at the same time, to provide an instructive example of a particular way of working and thinking. The essays have been written with a view to helping graduate students with research methodology and the application of relevant theoretical models. The team of contributors is an exceptionally strong one: it contains many of the pre-eminent academic figures involved in popular musicological research, and there is a spread of European, American, Asian, and Australasian scholars. The volume covers seven main themes: Film, Video and Multimedia; Technology and Studio Production; Gender and Sexuality; Identity and Ethnicity; Performance and Gesture; and, Reception and Scenes and The Music Industry and Globalization. "The Ashgate Research Companion" is designed to offer scholars and graduate students a comprehensive and authoritative state-of-the-art review of current research in a particular area. The companion's editor brings together a team of respected and experienced experts to write chapters on the key issues in their speciality, providing a comprehensive reference to the field.
Chocolat. 2 / [translation Sunny Kim] ; [English adaptation Jackie Oh, Audra Furuichi]
Grace Kelly style
Letters to my idol : from the girl on the train
Not just a pretty face : dolls and human figurines in Alaska Native cultures
Chocolat. vol. 5 / [translation: Jackie Oh] ; [English adaptation: Jamie S. Rich]
Anthropomorphic and zoomorphic miniature figures in Eurasia, Africa and Meso-America : morphology, materiality, technology, function and context
Hannah Montana : the movie
Fashionisto : a century of style icons
Big hair : a journey into the transformation of self
Women's personal mythologies
Chocolat. 3 / [translation: Jackie Oh] ; [English adaptation: Jamie S. Rich]
Anthropomorphic figurines from the Neolithic and early Bronze Age Aegean : gender dynamics and implications for the understanding of early Aegean prehistory
Bob Dylan and religion
"This book examines ancient figurines from several world areas to address recurring challenges in the interpretation of prehistoric art. Sometimes figurines from one context are perceived to resemble those from another. Richard G. Lesure asks whether such resemblances play a role in our interpretations. Early interpreters seized on the idea that figurines were recurringly female and constructed the fanciful myth of a primordial Neolithic Goddess. Contemporary practice instead rejects interpretive leaps across contexts. Dr. Lesure offers a middle path: a new framework for assessing the relevance of particular comparisons. He develops the argument in case studies that consider figurines from Paleolithic Europe, the Neolithic Near East, and Formative Mesoamerica"--
Pop idols and pirates : mechanisms of consumption and the global circulation of popular music
The wrong boy
The Ashgate research companion to popular musicology
Hitler's Valkyrie : the uncensored biography of Unity Mitford
Idol anxiety
Anthropomorphic representations in the cucuteni-tripolye culture
US icons and iconicity
Typology and Iconography in Donne, Herbert, and Milton : fashioning the self after Jeremiah
100% official Justin Bieber : first step 2 forever, my story
John Cort explores the narratives by which the Jains have explained the presence of icons of Jinas (their enlightened and liberated teachers) that are worshiped and venerated in the hundreds of thousands of Jain temples throughout India.
Justin Bieber : the fever!
Cinema and spectatorship
Desirable God? : our fascination with images, idols, and new deities
Fetishes and monuments : Afro-Brazilian art and culture in the twentieth century
