http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10450 Hebrew language
Hebrew language
Davidson's introductory Hebrew grammar & syntax : 4th edition
Modern Hebrew : an introductory course
The new Bantam-Mediggo Hebrew & English dictionary
Pesikta de-Rab Kahana : R. Kahana's compilation of discourses for sabbaths and festal days. transl. from Hebrew and Aramaic by William G. (Gershon Zev) Braude and Israel J. Kapstein
Modern Hebrew : The complete course 1. : beginners. Part B
Hebrew in its West Semitic setting : a comparative survey of non-masoretic Hebrew dialects and traditions. Part 1, A comparative lexicon, section Ba : Root system : Hebrew material
HEBREW FOR TRAVELLERS
The complete Hebrew-English dictionary = [Milon ʻirri-angli šalem]
Compendious Hebrew-English dictionary : comprising a Complete Vocabulary of biblical, Mishnaic, Medieval and Modern Hebrew
Hebrew grammar for beginners
Hebrew at your ease
Biblical scholars have long claimed that the Israelites "could not conceive of a disembodied nefesh [soul]." In this book, Richard C. Steiner rejects that claim based on a broad spectrum of textual, linguistic, archaeological, and anthropological evidence spanning the millennia from prehistoric times to the present. The biblical evidence includes a prophecy of Ezekiel condemning women who pretend to trap the wandering souls of sleeping people - prophecy that has been only partially understood until now because of the obscure technical terms that it contains. The extrabiblical evidence suggests that a belief in the existence of disembodied souls was part of the common religious heritage of the peoples of the ancient Near East.--Provided by publisher.
Modern hebrew : the complete course. 2, Intermediate / part B.
Hebrew phrase book & dictionary
Hebrew and Aramaic dictionary of the Old Testament
Hebrew for travellers
Studies in the language of Qoheleth : with special emphasis on the verbal system
Beginning biblical Hebrew : a grammar and illustrated reader
Hebrew at the crossroads of cultures : from outgoing Antiquity to the Middle Ages
Learn Hebrew now! : read, listen, speak
The dictionary of classical Hebrew. Volume 1, Aleph
The makings of the medieval Hebrew book : studies in paleography and codicology
On the vocalism of the closed unstressed syllables in Hebrew : a study based on the evidence provided by the transcriptions of St. Jerome and Palestinian punctuations
The schizoid nature of modern Hebrew : a Slavic language in search of a Semitic past
Studies in verbal aspect and narrative technique in biblical Hebrew prose
Hebrew on the go!
Hebrew in its West Semitic setting : a comparative survey of non-masoretic Hebrew dialects and traditions. Part 1, A comparative lexicon, section A : Proper names
Encounters in Modern Hebrew. Level 1 = Ivrit : Mifgashim. Shalav 1
Hebrew for all
A Hebrew grammar : for schools and colleges
Mango Languages teaches in-depth and comprehensive language and grammar skills.
The recent study of Hebrew : a survey of the literature with selected bibliography
The vocabulary guide to Biblical Hebrew
The contribution of the Samaritan inheritance to research into the history of Hebrew
The function and use of the imperfect forms with nun paragogicum in classical Hebrew
Graded reader of Biblical Hebrew : a guide to reading the Hebrew Bible
Introduction to the Tiberian Masorah
Determining the destiny : PQD in the Old Testament
Ethiopic and South Arabic contributions to the Hebrew lexicon
The signet hebrew/english, english/hebrew dictionary
Words of power : studies in Rabbinic authority and literature
Modern Hebrew : The complete course 1. : beginners. Part A
On polyphony in Biblical Hebrew
Colloquial Hebrew : the complete course for beginners
Diversity in pre-exilic Hebrew
Hebrew language studies : presented to professor Zeev Ben-Hayyim = Mehqere lešon
Hebrew for dummies
The language and linguistic background of the Isaiah Scroll = Hal-Lašon we-ha-reqa' hal-lešoni šel megillat Ješa'jahu haš-šelema mim-megillot Jam ham-melah
The Dead Sea scrolls
Line-forms in Hebrew poetry : a grammatical approach to the stylistic study of the Hebrew Prophets
Torat hal-lašon ha-ib̲rit b-ime hab-benajim : mib̲har pirqe ijjum = Studies on medieval Hebrew linguistic thought : a reader
Hebrew origins
The dictionary of classical Hebrew. Volume 2, Beth-Waw
No abstract
Hebrew at your ease : for English speaking people
Pocket bilingual dictionary : English-Hebrew : Hebrew-English : completely translitterated
Handbook of ancient Hebrew letters : a study edition
Encounters in Modern Hebrew. Level 2 : Ivrit : Mifgashim. Shalav 2
Semantic notes on the Hebrew lexicon
Is Biblical Hebrew a language? : studies in Semitic languages and civilizations
A practical grammar for classical Hebrew
The verbal system of classical Hebrew in the Joseph story : an approach from discourse analysis
Early Hebrew orthography : a study of the epigraphic evidence
Comments on the Morphology of Nouns in Mishnaic Hebrew: Nouns attested and unattested in Biblical Hebrew
The Hebrew text of the Old Testament : the readings adopted by the translators of the new English Bible
Hebrew travel pack
"I will set his hand on the sea, and his right hand on the river" : North West Semitic Kingship and the sea of combat myth : a survey of Hebrew poetry in light of ancient Near Eastern evidence
The development of the participle in biblical, Mishnaic, and modern Hebrew
Hebrew : the eternal language
The Palaeo-Hebrew Leviticus scroll (11QpalaeoLev)
An elementary grammar of biblical Hebrew
The Hebrew of the Dead Sea scrolls
Torah from our sages Pirke Avot
Getting by in Hebrew : a quick beginners' course for tourists and businesspeople
Modern hebrew : the complete course. 2, Intermediate / part A.
The analytical Hebrew and Chaldee lexicon
Encounters in Modern Hebrew. Level 3 = Ivrit : Mifgashim. Shalav 3
The function of the niph'al in biblical Hebrew : in relationship to other passive-reflexive verbal stems and to the pu'al and hoph'al in particular
Disembodied souls : the Nefesh in Israel and kindred spirits in the ancient Near East, with an appendix on the Katumuwa Inscription
Complete modern Hebrew
Modern Hebrew : an essential grammar
Modern Hebrew for biblical scholars : an annotated chrestomathy with an outline grammar and a glossary
Charts of of Biblical Hebrew : a guide to reading the Hebrew Bible
Materials for a non-masoretic Hebrew grammar. 1, Liturgical Texts and Psalm Fragments provided with the so-called Palestinian Punctuation
Ivrit min ha-hath. Helek II = Hebrew from scratch. Part II
Biblical sound and sense : poetic sound patterns in Proverbs 10-29
Ben-Yehuda's pocket English-Hebrew Hebrew-English dictionary
Oxford English-Hebrew, Hebrew-English
Handbook of biblical hebrew : an inductive approach based on the text of Esther. 1, Reading lessons keyed to the grammar
Abstract in english.
A history of the Hebrew language
Getting by in Hebrew [Kielikurssi] : A quick beginners' course for tourists and businesspeople
Studies on contemporary Hebrew : a selection of readings. Part 1-2
Modern Hebrew for beginners : a multimedia program for students at the beginning and intermediate levels
Modern hebrew : the complete course. 1, Beginners / part A.
Graphemic and diachrony : some evidence from Hebrew cursive
The Meridian Hebrew/English, English/Hebrew dictionary
A treatise on the use of the tenses in Hebrew and some other syntactical questions
Hebrew-English, English-Hebrew dictionary : [in 4 vols.]
A concise grammar for Biblical Hebrew
Historical linguistics and Biblical Hebrew : steps toward an integrated approach
In search of text syntax : towards a syntactic text-segmentation model for biblical Hebrew
Ivrit min ha-hathala. Helek I = Hebrew from scratch. Part I
The enigma of the Hebrew verbal system : solutions from Ewald to the present day
Hebrew syntax : an outline
A treatise on the use of the tenses in Hebrew : and some other syntactical questions
A grammar of biblical Hebrew. Volume 2, Part three: syntax : paradigms and indices
Proceedings of the Eleventh World Congress of Jewish Studies : Jerusalem, June 22-29, 1993 : Division D. Volume 1, The Hebrew language, Jewish languages
Hebrew-Arabic dictionary : of the contemporary Hebrew language
A grammar of biblical Hebrew. Volume 1, Part one: onthology and phonetics ; Part two: morphology
Predicate formation in the verbal system of modern Hebrew
