http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10470 philosophy of mind
philosophy of mind
Knowing our own minds
Mindful work : how meditation is changing business from the inside out
Mind design : philosophy, psychology, artificial intelligence
"If you think that intelligence emanates from the mind and that reasoning necessitates the suppression of emotion, you'd better think again--or rather not "think" at all. In his provocative new book, Guy Claxton draws on the latest findings in neuroscience and psychology to reveal how our bodies--long dismissed as mere conveyances--actually constitute the core of our intelligent life. From the endocrinal means by which our organs communicate to the instantaneous decision-making prompted by external phenomena, our bodies are able to perform intelligent computations that we either overlook or wrongly attribute to our brains. Embodied intelligence is one of the most exciting areas in contemporary philosophy and neuropsychology, and Claxton shows how the privilege given to cerebral thinking has taken a toll on modern society, resulting in too much screen time, the diminishment of skilled craftsmanship, and an overvaluing of white-collar over blue-collar labor. Discussing techniques that will help us reconnect with our bodies, Claxton shows how an appreciation of the body's intelligence will enrich all our lives."--provided from Amazon.com.
Science and moral priority : merging mind, brain and human values
Wanting and intending : elements of a philosophy of practical mind
Collective agency and cooperation in natural and artificial systems : explanation, implementation and simulation
Philosophy of mind
Julian Wuerth offers a radically new interpretation of major themes in Kant's philosophy. He explores Kant's ontology of the mind, his transcendental idealism, his account of the mind's powers, and his theory of action, and goes on to develop an original, moral realist account of Kant's ethics.
Contemporary debates in philosophy of mind
Franz Brentano's metaphysics and psychology : upon the sesquicentennial of Franz Brentano's dissertation
Thoughts : papers on mind, meaning, and modality
Stich's argument against eliminativism
The anatomy of the soul : historical essays in the philosophy of mind
Mind, meaning and knowledge : themes from the philosophy of Crispin Wright
The problem of the soul : two visions of mind and how to reconcile them
Actions and objects from Hobbes to Richardson
Psychology. Volume 3, Laws of animality
Matter and sense : a critique of contemporary materialism
The character of mind : an introduction to the philosophy of mind
The nature of concepts : evolution, structure and representation
What is consciousness? How does the subjective character of consciousness fit into an objective world? How can there be a science of consciousness? In this sequel to his groundbreaking and controversial The Conscious Mind, David Chalmers develops a unified framework that addresses these questions and many others. Starting with a statement of the "hard problem" of consciousness, Chalmers builds a positive framework for the science of consciousness and a nonreductive vision of the metaphysics of consciousness. He replies to many critics of The Conscious Mind, and then develops a positive theory in new directions. The book includes original accounts of how we think and know about consciousness, of the unity of consciousness, and of how consciousness relates to the external world. Along the way, Chalmers develops many provocative ideas: the "consciousness meter", the Garden of Eden as a model of perceptual experience, and The Matrix as a guide to the deepest philosophical problems about consciousness and the external world. This book will be required reading for anyone interested in the problems of mind, brain, consciousness, and reality.
The causal theory of mind
The character of mind
Memory
Intentionality, sense and the mind
Consciousness and the world
What is the difference between the movements in our bodies we cause personally ourselves, such as the movements of our legs or our lips when we walk or speak, and the movements we do not cause personally, such as the contraction of the heart? Is an act that is done under duress done voluntarily, out of choice? Should duress exculpate a defendant completely, or should it merely mitigate the criminality of an act? When we explain an intentional act by stating our reasons for doing it, do we explain it causally or teleologically, or both? Should we care whether our choices are guided by knowledge or mere true belief? In this book, John Hyman explores these and other central problems in the philosophy of action and the theory of knowledge, and connects these areas of enquiry in a new way. The main premise of the book is that human action has four irreducibly different dimensions, each with its own family of concepts: - a physical dimension, in which the principal concepts are those of agent, power, and causation; a psychological dimension, with the concepts of desire, aim, and intention; an ethical dimension, with the concepts of voluntariness and choice; an intellectual dimension, with the concepts of reason, knowledge, and belief. Studying each of these dimensions of human action separately yields a string of original results, culminating in a new analysis of the relationship between knowledge and rational behaviour, which provides the foundation for a new theory of knowledge itself.
Emergence in the philosophy of mind
Kant on mind, action, and ethics
Understanding phenomenal consciousness
The art of mindful living : how to bring love, compassion, and inner peace into your daily life
The minds of the moderns : rationalism, empiricism and philosophy of mind
Mind design and minimal syntax
The proceedings of the twentieth world congress of philosophy : A twelve volume series. Vol. 9, Philosophy of mind
The synoptic vision : essays on the philosophy of Wilfrid Sellars
Process approaches to consciousness in psychology, neuroscience, and philosophy of mind
Passion and passivity : Claremont studies in the philosophy of religion, Conference 2009
Embodied minds in action
Embodiment, emotion, and cognition
The nature of the mind : an introduction
Psychology. 2, Development of the human soul
Mind, method and conditionals : selected essays
"Beginning with the view that human consciousness is essentially embodied and that the way we consciously experience the world is structured by our bodily dynamics and surroundings, the book argues that emotions are a fundamental manifestation of our embodiment, and play a crucial role in self-consciousness, moral evaluation, and social cognition"--
The philosophy of mind
Modern materialism : readings on mind-body identity
Current controversies in experimental philosophy
Philosophy of mind : critical concepts in philosophy. Volume 3, Intentionality
Studies in the history of philosophy of mind
Psychology. 1, Essence of the human soul 1
Conversations on consciousness : what the best minds think about the brain, free will and what it means to be human
Mindboggling : preliminaries to a science of the mind
Natural and alien intelligence / Erkki Kurenniemi
Critical perspectives on mental health
The many faces of religious truth : Hilary Putnam's pragmatic pluralism on religion
The importance of what we care about : philosophical essays
Emotion and object
Self-representational approaches to consciousness
Analytic and continental philosophy : methods and perspectives : proceedings of the 37th International Wittgenstein Symposium
Essays on reference, language, and mind
Intelligence in the flesh : why bodies are smarter than thought
A materialist theory of the mind
The mechanical mind : a philosophical introduction to minds, machines and mental representation
Cognitive psychology
Beyond reduction : philosophy of mind and post-reductionist philosophy of science
Consciousness and mental life
Varietes of affect
Wittgenstein's "Inner and Outer" : Overcoming Epistemic Asymmetry
Being reduced : new essays on reduction, explanation, and causation
The nature of mind and other essays
The emotional life of your brain : how its unique patterns affect the way you think, feel and live : and how you can change them
The primacy of movement
The innate mind. 3, Foundations and the future
The dissolution of mind : a fable of how experience gives rise to cognition
Will and mechanisms
On the contrary : critical essays, 1987-1997
Brain, mind, and human behavior in contemporary cognitive science : critical assessments of the philosophy of psychology
Touching a nerve : the self as brain
Supervenience and materialism. Mark Rowlands
"Philosophy of mind is one of the most dynamic fields in philosophy, and one that invites debate around several key questions. There currently exist annotated tomes of primary sources, and a handful of single-authored introductions to the field, but there is no book that captures philosophy of minds recent dynamic exchanges for a student audience. By bringing compiling ten newly commissioned pieces in which leading philosophers square off on five central, related debates currently engaging the field, editor Uriah Kriegel has provided such a publication.The five debates include: Mind and Body: The Prospects for Russellian MonismMind in Body: The Scope and Nature of Embodied CognitionConsciousness: Representationalism and the Phenomenology of MoodsMental Representation: The Project of NaturalizationThe Nature of Mind: The Importance of Consciousness.Preliminary descriptions of each chapter, annotated bibliographies for each controversy, and a supplemental guide to further controversies in philosophy of mind (with bibliographies) help provide clearer and richer views of active controversies for all readers." --
Oxford textbook of philosophy and psychiatry
The elements of philosophy : readings from past and present
The mind-body problem : a guide to the current debate
Last writings on the philosophy of psychology = Letzte Schriften über die Philosophie der Psychologie. Vol. 2, The inner and the outer 1949-1951 = Das Innere und das Äussere 1949-1951
Content and consciousness
Psychology. Volume 4, Opinions about the human soul
Introduction to philosophical problems
The engaged intellect : philosophical essays
The nature of mind
The meditations of Marcus Aurelius : spiritual teachings and reflections : selections annotated & explained
"Analytic Philosophy: An Anthology, 2nd Edition is a comprehensive and authoritative collection of the most influential readings in analytic philosophy written over the past hundred years. In addition to maintaining the first edition's coverage of seminal writings and the latest works on the philosophy of language, philosophy of mind, metaphysics, epistemology, ethics, and methodology, this second edition features nine additional chapters, including treatment of externalism in philosophy of mind by Burge and Fodor, and an important treatment of perception by McDowell. Other featured authors include Gottlob Frege, Bertrand Russell, W. V. Quine, David Lewis, Thomas Nagel, John Searle, Donald Davidson, Bernard Williams, and many more. With its breadth of scope and expert selection of the best classic and cutting edge writings, Analytic Philosophy: An Anthology, 2nd Edition represents an invaluable and essential resource for anyone interested in twentieth-century analytic philosophy"--
The limits of realism
Parenting and Theory of Mind represents the conjunction of two major research literatures in child psychology. One is longstanding. The question of how best to rear children has been a central topic for psychology ever since psychology began to develop as a science. The other research literature is a good deal younger, though quickly expanding. Theory of mind (ToM) has to do with understanding of the mental world-what people (children in particular) know or think about mental phenomena such as beliefs, desires, and emotions. An important question that research on TOM addresses is where do children's ToM abilities come from? In particular, how do children's experiences shape their development? If we know the formative experiences that underlie ToM, then we may be able to optimize this important aspect of development for all children. The last 15 or so years have seen a rapid expansion of the literature on the social contributors to ToM, including hundreds of studies directed to various aspects of parenting. These studies have made clear that parents can be important contributors to what their children understand about the mental world. This is the first book to comprehensively bring together the literature on ToM and parenting, summarizing what we know about how parenting contributes to one of the most important outcomes in cognitive development and outlining future directions for research in this growing area.
An essay concerning human understanding
Philosophy of mind : critical concepts in philosophy. Volume 4, Consciousness
Philosophy in mind : the place of philosophy in the study of mind
Naturalizing the mind
The kingdom of infinite space : a portrait of your head
Persons and bodies : a constitution view
Arguing about the mind
The peripheral mind : philosophy of mind and the peripheral nervous system
The rules of thought
Parenting and theory of mind
Davidson's anomalous monism
Intentionality, minds, and perception : discussions on contemporary philosophy : a symposium
Philosophy of mind : a beginner's guide
The analysis of mind
Consciousness and persons : unity and identity
The mental as physical
Beyond human nature : how culture and experience shape the human mind
The sources of intentionality
Aristotle : the power of perception
Panpsychism in the West
Hume's scepticism and realism : his two profound arguments against the senses in an enquiry concerning human understanding
Paul Churchland
Mind in action
Leibniz's "new system" and associated contemporary texts
What am I? : Descartes and the mind-body problem
Philosophy of mind A-Z
Identity, cause and mind : philosophical essays
Last writings on the philosophy of psychology = Letzte Schriften über die Philosophie der Psychologie.. Vol. 2
Naturalism is currently the most vibrantly developing approach to philosophy, with naturalised methodologies being applied across all the philosophical disciplines. One of the areas naturalism has been focussing upon is the mind, traditionally viewed as a topic hard to reconcile with the naturalistic worldview. A number of questions have been pursued in this context. What is the place of the mind in the world? How should we study the mind as a natural phenomenon? What is the significance of cognitive science research for philosophical debates? In this book, philosophical questions about the mind are asked in the context of recent developments in cognitive science, evolutionary theory, psychology, and the project of the naturalisation. Much of the focus is upon what we have learned by studying natural mental mechanisms as well as designing artificial ones. In the case of natural mental mechanisms, this includes consideration of such issues as the significance of deficits in these mechanisms for psychiatry. The significance of the evolutionary context for mental mechanisms as well as questions regarding rationality and wisdom is also explored. Mechanistic and functional models of the mind are used to throw new light on discussions regarding issues of explanation, reduction and the realisation of mental phenomena. Finally, naturalistic approaches are used to look anew at such traditional philosophical issues as the correspondence of mind to world and presuppositions of scientific research
Regarding the mind, naturally : naturalist approaches to the sciences of the mental
Gilles Deleuze's ABCs : the folds of friendship
A cognitive scientist describes how the influence of experience and culture can override DNA in an attempt to shatter the myth that illness and addiction are unavoidable as dictated by genetic composition.
New essays on semantic externalism and self-knowledge
The mind's I : fantasies and reflections on self and soul
On Aristotle On the soul 3.6-13
The character of consciousness
The existence of mind : in defence of mind-body dualism
The Bloomsbury companion to philosophy of mind
Metamagical themas : questing for the essence of mind and pattern
Reflections and replies : essays on the philosophy of Tyler Burge
The cultural space of the arts and the infelicities of reductionism
Consciousness and the prospects of physicalism
Moral reason
The ego tunnel : the science of the mind and the myth of the self
On actions, products and other topics in philosophy
"Philosophy of mind is one of the most dynamic fields in philosophy, and one that invites debate around several key questions. There currently exist annotated tomes of primary sources, and a handful of single-authored introductions to the field, but there is no book that captures philosophy of mind's recent dynamic exchanges for a student audience. By asking ten leading philosophers to square off on five central, related debates currently engaging the field, editor Uriah Kriegel has provided such a publication. Preliminary, 200-words descriptions of each chapter, annotated bibliographies for each controversy, and a supplemental guide to further controversies in philosophy of mind (with bibliographies) help provide clearer and richer views of active controversies for all readers"--
Matters of metaphysics
Cognitive systems and the extended mind
Mindset : the new psychology of success
The mirror of the world : subjects, consciousness, and self-consciousness
Current controversies in philosophy of mind
After physicalism
The Raymond Tallis reader
Themes from ontology, mind, and logic : present and past : essays in honour of Peter Simons
A psychology of body, soul & spirit : anthroposophy, psychosophy & pneumatosophy : twelve lectures, Berlin, October 23-27, 1909, November 1-4, 1910, December 12-16, 1911
Studies in philosophy : a symposium on Gilbert Ryle
"Featuring updates and the inclusion of nine new chapters, Analytic Philosophy: An Anthology, 2nd Edition offers a comprehensive and authoritative collection of the most influential readings in analytic philosophy written over the past hundred years. Features broad coverage of analytic philosophy, including such topics as ethics, methodology, and freedom and personal identity Focuses on classic or seminal articles that were especially influential or significant New articles in this edition include "Proof of an External World" by G. E. Moore, "Criteria, Defeasibility, and Knowledge" by John McDowell, "Sensations and Brain Processes" by J. J. C. Smart, selections from Sense and Sensibilia by J. L. Austin, "Other Bodies" by Tyler Burge, "Individualism and Supervenience" by Jerry Fodor, "Responsibility and Avoidability" by Roderick Chisholm, "Alternative Possibilities and Moral Responsibility" by Harry Frankfurt, and "Personal Identity" by Derek Parfit Offers diverse approaches to analytic philosophy by including readings from Austin, Wittgenstein, Quine, and Davidson "--
Train your mind, change your brain : how a new science reveals our extraordinary potential to transform ourselves
Avicenna on subjectivity : a philosophical study
The mind and its place in nature
Greek models of mind and self
Laws, mind, and free will
Reduction : between the mind and the brain
Meaning, mind, and matter : philosophical essays
The concept of mind
Minds and bodies : an introduction with readings
Sane : how I shaped up my mind, improved my mental strength and found calm
Mind, language and action : proceedings of the 36th International Wittgenstein Symposium
Lévinas and the wisdom of love : the question of invisibility
Knowledge and its limits
The investigation of the mind has been one of the major concerns of our philosophical tradition and it still is a dominant subject in modern philosophy as well as in science. Many philosophers in the scientific tradition want to solve the 'puzzles of the mind'. But many philosophers in the very same tradition do regard these puzzles as puzzles of the brain. So, whilst the former think of the mental as something of its own kind, the latter deny that philosophy of mind has to do with anything else but the brain. And then there are those who think that reduction is the way to go: maybe the mental is brain-dependent and hence reducible to the physical, in some way. This volume collects contributions comprising all those points of view, including articles by William Bechtel, Jerry Fodor, Jaegwon Kim, Joelle Proust and Patrick Suppes.
Collected papers
The body/body problem : selected essays / Arthur C. Danto
Knowledge, mind and nature : an intrduction to theory of knowledge and the philosophy of mind
Saving belief : a critique of physicalism
Internalism and externalism in semantics and epistemology
Gray matters : an introduction to the philosophy of mind
Perception, knowledge, and belief : selected essays
History of madness
Ten problems of consciousness : a representational theory of the phenomenal mind
Action, knowledge, and will
Analytic philosophy : an anthology
Intuition and ideality
Philosophy of mind : critical concepts in philosophy. Volume 2, The mind-body problem
Interpretations and causes : new perspectives on Donald Davidson's philosophy
The language of thought
Practical tortoise raising : and other philosophical essays
Evolution, culture, and consciousness : the discovery of the preconscious mind
Philosophy of mind : a contemporary introduction
Values and intentions : a study in value-theory and philosophy of mind
Matters of mind : consciousness, reason and nature
Passions in William Ockham's philosophical psychology
New essays on the a priori
Externalism and self-knowledge
Consciousness and its objects
An enquiry concerning human understanding
Philosophy of mind : critical concepts in philosophy. Volume 1, Foundations
Mind, language and society : philosophy in the real world
What minds can do : intentionality in a non intentional world
Mental causation : a nonreductive approach
Origins and ends of the mind : philosophical essays on psychoanalysis
Psychoneural reduction : the new wave
Having the world in view : essays on Kant, Hegel, and Sellars
