http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10462 cattle farming (livelihoods)
cattle farming (livelihoods)
Farm anatomy : the curious parts & pieces of country life
Human-animal relationship : stockmanship and housing in organic livestock systems : proceedings of the third NAHWOA Workshop Clermont-Ferrand, 21-24 October 2000
Replacement decisions on Finnish dairy farms : toward better economic performance with novel technology and sustainable herds
Problems and contradictions in the development of ox-cultivation in Tanzania
Journal of dairy science
On the breakdown of sugars during the drying of plant samples and their subsequent dry storage
Suomen ayrshirekarja = Finlands ayrshireboskap = the ayrshire cattle of Finland = das Ayrshirevieh in Finland
Food : a history
Participatory research and the pastoralist question in Tanzania : a critique of the Jipemoyo project experience in Bagamoyo district
Selale Peasant Dairy Development Pilot Project, Ethiopia : project final report
Sustainable handling and utilisation of livestock manure from animals to plants : proceedings, NJF-Seminar no. 320, Denmark, 16-19 January 2001
Pastoralism and development in Africa : dynamic change at the margins
Land use response to agricultural policy and market movements on Finnish dairy-farms
Farm sanctuary : changing hearts and minds about animals and food
Infectious diseases of livestock
The indigenous cattle of the British dependent territories in Africa : with material on certain other African countries
Redesigning animal agriculture : the challenge of the 21st century
The economics of animal health and production
Beef production in Southern Europe
Animals as food : (re)connecting production, processing, consumption, and impacts
Farms of northern Finland
Animal feed : supply and demand of feedingstuffs in the European Community
On the water-solubility of plant minerals
Disciplining reproduction : modernity, American life sciences, and "the problems of sex"
America in the 19th century: You are a rancher and repeatedly herd your cattle from Texas to Kansas City, from where you send them off by train. You must keep your herd in good shape and use the buildings along the trail wisely. You can also hire capable staff such as cowboys, craftsmen and engineers. If you manage your herd cleverly and navigate the opportunities and pitfalls of this great western trail, you surely will emerge the winner.
The compensatory effect of environmental subsidies for agri-environmental output constraints was evaluated through a comparative analysis observing the 'pure' efficiency, as a benchmark for prevailing production conditions, and the 'compensated' efficiency, as a proxy indicator of the compensation. An unbalanced data panel covering 3578 Swedish dairy farms in the period 2002-2012 was used. The analysis showed that in the study period, environmental farm support decreased the differences in farm revenue generated by agri-environmental output constraints in Sweden. However, the environmental support distribution did not succeed in meeting regional needs, so difficulties in farmers' ability to generate output in southern and central forest and valley areas of Sweden were visible. Furthermore, the environmental agricultural support had only a partial subsidisation effect on 'green' farm management practices, with full compensation being achieved for organic and capital-extensive farming, whereas low livestock density farming was not sufficiently compensated. This analysis reveals incentives with policy implications for farm economic performance and provides direct input to future policy recommendations for environmental support allocation.
Understanding and integrating gender issues into livestock projects and programmes : a checklist for practitioners
The grazing land ecosystems of the African Sahel
Choices and constraints : animal resource exploitation in south-eastern Zimbabwe c. AD 900-1500
Oshanas : sustaining people environment and development in Central Owambo, Namibia
Features of the structural development of animal husbandry in Finland in the period 1950-1974
Beef cattle production systems
Animal husbandry regimes in Iron Age Britain : a comparative study of faunal assemblages from British Iron Age sites
Improving efficiency assessments using additive data envelopment analysis models: an application to contrasting dairy farming systems
"Every day, millions of people around the world sit down to a meal that includes meat. This book explores several questions as it examines the use of animals as food: How did the domestication and production of livestock animals emerge and why? How did current modes of raising and slaughtering animals for human consumption develop, and what are their consequences? What can be done to mitigate and even reverse the impacts of animal production? With insight into the historical, cultural, political, legal, and economic processes that shape our use of animals as food, Fitzgerald provides a holistic picture and explicates the connections in the supply chain that are obscured in the current mode of food production. Bridging the distance in animal agriculture between production, processing, consumption, and their associated impacts, this analysis envisions ways of redressing the negative effects of the use of animals as food. It details how consumption levels and practices have changed as the relationship between production, processing, and consumption has shifted. Due to the wide-ranging questions addressed in this book, the author draws on many fields of inquiry, including sociology, (critical) animal studies, history, economics, law, political science, anthropology, criminology, environmental science, geography, philosophy, and animal science."--Publisher's website.
A keen eye : fact and folklore on scottish highland cattle
Obernberg : a quantitative analysis of a Tirolean peasant economy
Emissionsfaktorer til beregning af ammoniakfordampning ved lagring og udbringning af husdyrgødning = Emission factors for calculation of ammonia volatilization by storage and application of animal manure
Livestock waste, a renewable resource : proceedings
Biotechnology, agriculture and food
Optimal forest taxation under stochastic demand and endogenous timber prices
Proceedings from the seminar : manure - an agronomic and environmental challenge. NJF-seminar 372, arranged by NJF sections, soil, water and environment; engineering. Nils Holgersson gymnasiet Skurup, Sweden September 5-6, 2005.
Feeding routines for dairy cows : the influence of the feeding sequence and frequency on milk production, rumen fermentation pattern and eating behaviour
Bovine DNA markers in mapping loci affecting milk production traits
Anglo-Saxon farms and farming
Farm animal welfare and the EU internal market
Development Needs of the Dairy Farms in Kosovo
This paper studies the structural development of farms with more than one hectare of arable land in northern Finland and explores the reasons behind the development. The paper relies mainly on agricultural census information and farm register statistics, focusing on the period after World War II.Agricultural settlement expanded in northern Finland well into the mid- 1960s due to active policy measures. The period of extensive rural population was short-lived, however. A number of unfavourable factors emerged roughly simultaneously and the number of active farms declined from nearly 60,000 in the 1960s to about 10,000 in 2000. Finland's entry into the EU in the mid-1990s gave further impetus to the development toward fewer but larger farms.Today, active farms are several times as large as their predecessors 40-50 years ago. About 50 percent of all active farms in northern Finland are dairy farms, whose impact is considerably larger than their mere number would suggest.
When the grass is gone : development intervention in Africa arid lands
The milk sector has received much attention in Europe due to the abolition of milk quotas in 2015 and its potential effect on the geographical distribution of milk production across countries. As a way of assessing the competitive advantage of Nordic EU countries, we investigated the productivity level and productivity growth of milk farms across eight countries of the Baltic Sea region from 1995 to 2010. We found considerable discrepancy in the productivity performance of dairy farms across countries. TFP growth rates indicate that, at farm level, the competitive positions of the older EU members are stable, and that there is no catching up from the newer EU entrants. We offer explanations for this evolution based on the different patterns of structural change followed by the studied countries.
The ranchers
Poultry as a hobby : [chickens, ducks, geese, turkeys, guinea fowl]
Developing village India; studies in village problems
On designing the average lactation curve at the ascending phase
Beef Finland 2012 : a brief
The composition of pasture grasses at the university farm Viik
The Barabaig : East African cattle herders
The livestock and meat market
Pastoralists and markets : livestock commercialization and food security in north-eastern Kenya
The future of animal farming : renewing the ancient contract
Pastoralism and the state policies in Mid-Awash valley : the case of the Afar, Ethiopia
Cattle in medieval and post-medieval Turku
Costs of two alternative Salmonella control policies in Finnish broiler production
Vegetation dynamics in relation to livestock grazing in a semi-arid steppe in Inner Mongolia
Domestic animals of Mesopotamia. Part 1.
Interrelationship of zinc and magnesium in cattle
State of the environment : report for Zanzibar : 2004/2005
Opportunities and challenges for smallholder ruminant systems in Latin America : resource management, food safety, quality and market access
Ajankohtaista maatalousekonomiaa = Current topics in agricultural economics
Mammalian embryo genomics
Beyond beef : the rise and fall of the cattle culture
Summary and conclusions  (s. 11-22).
Who's who international in the egg and poultry industries 1988-1989 : international buyers guide
New views in cattle feeding : normal concentrates replaced by urea and hemicellulose syrup prepared from wood
The San Carlos Indian cattle industry
The origins and spread of agriculture and pastoralism in Eurasia
Emissions from European agriculture
On poultry production : Abstracts of researches
Semen quality and fertility after artificial insemination in dairy cattle and pigs
Towards a more efficient beef chain : documentation assembled for the symposium organised by the O.E.C.D. in Paris from 10th-13th January 1977.
Pure and compensated efficiency of Swedish dairy farms
The association between cumulative milk yield, days open, and days to first breeding in New York Holstein cows
The livestock and meat industry of Australia
The objective of the study was to analyze how farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness contribute to profitability of farming. A structural equation model of these two elements of management capacity and financial performance was applied on survey data and bookkeeping results from 117 dairy farms. The model explained one-fourth of the varying profitability of sample farms. The results show that farmers' managerial thinking is connected to farm profitability, but management process effectiveness is not. It was concluded that it is essential for good performance that the farmer has a clear vision of developing farming with business and investment plans. Successful farmers also have a firm confidence in their managerial skills, a strong emphasis on instrumental and intrinsic values, and a high appreciation of farming as occupation. They also see the farm as an entrepreneurial business unit and intend to follow the corresponding principles of management.
Opportunities for reducing environmental emissions from forage-based dairy farms
Agriculture in the tropics
Innovative institutions, public policies and private strategies for agro-enterprise development
Effects of season and stage of lactation on protein bound iodine and total cholesterol in serum of dairy cows
Domestic animals of Mesopotamia. Part 2.
Range management : principles and practice
Man and cattle : proceedings of a Symposium on Domestication at the Royal Anthropological Institute 24-26 May 1960
Cowboy : the illustrated history
A founder of an organization dedicated to promoting the compassionate treatment of animals and combating factory farming addresses the ethics of breeding animals for food, exposing inhumane practices utilized by typical food-production companies.
Pastoralists : equality, hierarchy, and the state
A method for cellulose determination
Prehistoric farming in Europe
Finnish animal husbandry
Precision dairy farming 2016
Farmageddon : the true cost of cheap meat
Poultry international : production, prosessing and marketing worldwide
Farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness as factors of financial success on Finnish dairy farms
Principles of cattle production
Nicaragua : cattle husbandry in Region V : a basic study
Biotechnologies at work for smallholders : case studies from developing countries in crops, livestock and fish
Precision Livestock Farming '05
The influence of season on yield increase and lactation yield in the Ayrshire herd of Viik experimental farm
Poultry husbandry. Vol. 2
Animal husbandry amomg the Norwegian population in Finnmark c. 1685-1705
Finlands ayrshireboskap = Finnish ayrshire cattle
Children's work in the livestock sector : herding and beyond
On the content of cellwall constituents in various plant materials
Managing mountain watersheds : the Upper Pokhara Valley, Nepal
Nitrogen and phosphorus balances on Finnish dairy farms
Effect of age and stage of lactation on the simple and partial correlations between the yield and the percentages of fat and protein of cow's milk
Animal cities : beastly urban histories
Areal livestock combinations on Finnish farmhouse in 1969
Agriculture, trade and the environment : the pig sector
Poultry farming in Switzerland
Summary.
Optimizing replacement of dairy cows: modeling the effects of diseases
Ostrich farming
Optimal beef cattle management under agricultural policy reforms in Finland
Annual and seasonal changes in mineral contents (Ca, Mg, P, K and Na) of grazed clover-grass mixtures in organic farming
Great western trail
The lactation curve of the cow at the ascending phase
Applying holistic indicators to assess dairy farm efficiency is essential for sustainable milk production. Data Envelopment Analysis (DEA) has been instrumental for the calculation of such indicators. However, 'additive' DEA models have been rarely used in dairy research. This study presented an additive model known as slacks-based measure (SBM) of efficiency and its advantages over DEA models used in most past dairy studies. First, SBM incorporates undesirable outputs as actual outputs of the production process. Second, it identifies the main production factors causing inefficiency. Third, these factors can be 'priced' to estimate the cost of inefficiency. The value of SBM for efficiency analyses was demonstrated with a comparison of four contrasting dairy management systems in terms of technical and environmental efficiency. These systems were part of a multiple-year breeding and feeding systems experiment (two genetic lines: select vs. control; and two feeding strategies: high forage vs. low forage, where the latter involved a higher proportion of concentrated feeds) where detailed data were collected to strict protocols. The select genetic herd was more technically and environmentally efficient than the control herd, regardless of feeding strategy. However, the efficiency performance of the select herd was more volatile from year to year than that of the control herd. Overall, technical and environmental efficiency were strongly and positively correlated, suggesting that when technically efficient, the four systems were also efficient in terms of undesirable output reduction. Detailed data such as those used in this study are increasingly becoming available for commercial herds through precision farming. Therefore, the methods presented in this study are growing in importance..
How to raise cattle : everything you need to know
Villagers of the Sierra de Gredos : transhumant cattle-raisers in Central Spain
Studies on the main chemical composition of bones
Competitiveness of Dairy Farms In Northern Europe: A Cross-Country analysis
Animal production
The pageant of America : a pictorial history of the United States. Vol. 3, Toilers of land and sea
Sheep-rearing and the wool trade in Italy during the Roman period
The East Finnish cattle = Itä-Suomen karja, abbr. I.S.K
Modern dairy production is inevitably associated with impacts to the environment and the challenge for the industry today is to increase production to meet growing global demand while minimising emissions to the environment. Negative environmental impacts include gaseous emissions to the atmosphere, of ammonia from livestock manure and fertiliser use, of methane from enteric fermentation and manure management, and of nitrous oxide from nitrogen applications to soils and from manure management. Emissions to water include nitrate, ammonium, phosphorus, sediment, pathogens and organic matter, deriving from nutrient applications to forage crops and/or the management of grazing livestock. This paper reviews the sources and impacts of such emissions in the context of a forage-based dairy farm and considers a number of potential mitigation strategies, giving some examples using the farm-scale model SIMSDAIRY. Most of the mitigation measures discussed are associated with systemic improvements in the efficiency of production in dairy systems. Important examples of mitigations include: improvements to dairy herd fertility, that can reduce methane and ammonia emissions by up to 24 and 17%, respectively; diet modification such as the use of high sugar grasses for grazing, which are associated with reductions in cattle N excretion of up to 20% (and therefore lower N losses to the environment) and potentially lower methane emissions, or reducing the crude protein content of the dairy cow diet through use of maize silage to reduce N excretion and methane emissions; the use of nitrification inhibitors with fertiliser and slurry applications to reduce nitrous oxide emissions and nitrate leaching by up to 50%. Much can also be achieved through attention to the quantity, timing and method of application of nutrients to forage crops and utilising advances made through genetic improvements.
Wells of experience : a pastoral land-use history of Omaheke, Namibia
Understanding Africa's rural households and farming systems
Determination of the complex of cell wall substances in plant products
