http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1042 heroism
heroism
Norse mythology : legends of gods and heroes
Sartor resartus ; On heroes and hero worship
The New junior classics. Vol. 4, Hero tales
Supergods : what masked vigilantes, miraculous mutants, and a sun god from Smallville can teach us about being human
The story solution : 23 actions all great heroes must take
Moving on : the heroines of Shirley Ann Grau, Anne Tyler, and Gail Godwin
The towers of Samarcand
A medal for Poppy : the pluckiest pig in the world
Gardener of Eden
Thor : god of thunder. Vol 1, The god butcher
Contemporaneity in two versions of the Legend of King Arthur by Sir Thomas Malory and Marion Bradley : an application of the structural study of myth
Blade of fire
MOOMINPAPPA AT SEA
"Be British!" : the Titanic disaster and projections of British nationalism, 1912 : a study in national imagology
Jo-Jo the melon donkey
Heroism in fiction and film : a comparative analysis of the characters Sam Spade in The Maltese Falcon and Horatio Caine in CSI: Miami
Anthony Ant saves the day
The sea-stone sword
Zero to hero, hero to zero : in search of the classical hero
War horse
Myth of martyrdom : what really drives suicide bombers, rampage shooters, and other self-destructive killers
The great fire dogs
The Avengers : assemble. Vol 4
Heroic poetry
Behind every soldier’s death lies a story. What psychological and cultural pressures brought him to his fate? What lies—and truths—convinced him to march toward his death? Covering warfare from prehistory through the present day, The Last Full Measure tells these soldiers’ stories, ultimately capturing the experience of war as few books ever have. In these pages, we march into battle alongside the Greek phalanx and the medieval foot soldier. We hear gunpowder’s thunder in the slaughters of the Napoleonic era and the industrialized killing of the Civil War, and recoil at the modern, automated horrors of both World Wars. Finally, we witness the death of one tradition of “heroic” combat and the construction of another in the wars of the modern era, ranging from Vietnam to America’s latest involvements in Iraq and Afghanistan. Combining commanding prose, impeccable research, and a true sensitivity to the combatant’s plight, The Last Full Measure is both a remarkably fresh journey through the annals of war and a powerful tribute to the proverbial unknown soldier.
Ralf
The dangerous book of heroes
The amazing Spider-Man : tangled webs of Spider-Man
The reckoning after the attacks: a study on the representations of firefighters' heroism in the New York Times after 9/11
Mr Bear to the rescue
Moominpappa at sea
The cult of the superman : a study of the idea of heroism in Carlyle and Nietzsche, with notes on other hero-worshippers of modern times
American heroes in a media age
Last battle of the icemark
The lion of Mistra
The Unsinkable herr Goering : a Farce of epic proportions
Heroism and gender
The clumsy cow
Government and local power in Japan 500 to 1700 : a study based on Bizen province
Heroes and villains
The limits of heroism : Homer and the ethics of reading
On heroes, hero-worship, & the heroic in history
Heroes and heroines
The last of the mohicans
How to be a superhero
The fate of America : an inquiry into national character
The stones are hatching
The hero with a thousand faces
Fearless girls, wise women, and beloved sisters : heroines in folktales from around the world
The heroic elements in Frederick Forsyth's The day of the jackal and The Odessa file
Moorcock's multiverse
Reflections on the hero as Quixote
Jake our hero
The winter king : a novel of Arthur
From trickster to badman : the black folk hero in slavery and freedom
The romantic hero and contemporary anti-hero in Polish and Czech literature : great souls and grey men
The neverending story
Hero. Foreigner. Queen. Elisa, at the age of seventeen, is all three. And all three draw enemies. Faced with assassins, court politics, and the threat of civil war, Elisa despairs of being the ruler her people need. Her only hope is the Godstone. She must master its power once and for all. She finds clues hidden in a long forgotten--and forbidden--scripture. Accompanied by a one-eyed warrior, an enemy defector, and the man she is falling in love with, Elisa takes a leap of faith and crosses an ocean in search of the ultimate source of the Godstone's power. But her faith has always had a price, and doing the right thing might mean giving up the power she desperately needs. And it might mean giving up the man she desperately loves.
Saints and revolutionaries : the ascetic hero in Russian literature
"Ralf is forever getting under his family's feet. But when a fire threatens to burn the house down, Ralf streches himself to the limit to save his family."--Publisher.
The violent century
Hero myths : a reader
Quintus Smyrnaeus : transforming Homer in second sophistic epic
The hero in America : a chronicle of hero-worship
Neil Gaiman's The Sandman and Joseph Campbell : in search of the modern myth
Suicidal alcoholics, meterosexual family men and other heroes? : representations of modern athletic hero
Hercules is a hero; we were all brought up to appreciate the supposedly basic idea of the ancient hero. But what about him makes him a hero? This book aims to challenge some of the standard expectations as to what constitutes a hero, through considering the phenomenon of heroism from a range of viewpoints.
The cry of the icemark
The hero myth in C. S. Lewis's space trilogy
The empty men : the heroic tradition of ancient Israel
Animal heroes : true stories of extraordinary animals
The denial of death
Game of thrones and philosophy : logic cuts deeper than swords
The great women superheroes
War and heroism in the works of J.R.R. Tolkien
Nevsky : a hero of the people
He was some kind of a man : masculinities in the B western
The American way
Sea dog Bamse : World War II canine hero
The towers Of Samarcand
Borderlands saints : secular sanctity in Chicano/a and Mexican culture
Percy Jackson and the lightning thief
Honour in African history
125 true stories of amazing animals
The last great quest : Captain Scott's Antarctic sacrifice
The gone-away world
Sartor Resartus : on heroes and hero worship
Here at the end of all things : friendship and quest in J.R.R. Tolkien's The lord of the rings
Katje : the windmill cat
Always outnumbered, always outgunned
In quest of the hero
The cowboy politics of an enlightened future : history, expansionism, and guardianship in Isaac Asimov's science fiction
The path of the everyday hero : drawing on the power of myth for solving life's most important challenges
Thor : god of Thunder. Vol. 4, Last days of Midgard
An archaeology of ancestors : tomb cult and hero cult in early Greece
The walls of Byzantium
Heroes of World War I
A grace peculiar: Ben Jonson's cavalier heroes
The comic book heroes
The modern amazons : warrior women on-screen
Tales of real heroism
The crown of embers
The last full measure : how soldiers die in battle
Thor, god of thunder : Last days of Midgard
"Ours" against "strangers" : (the problem of "hero" in the Russian culture)
On heroes, hero-worship and the heroic in history
Frog is a hero
Saint Maybe
Heroism in the Harry Potter series
The heroic age
Soldier heroes : British adventure, empire and the imagining of masculinities
