http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10405 shipwrecks
shipwrecks
Marine casualty report : on the cargo ship Ulsund-LHNW - which went down off Lista, Norway on 27 February 1998 and whose entire crew of 7 lost their lives in the casualty
Book of ships and shipwrecks
The sea hunters II : more true adventures with famous shipwrecks
Black is the color
Tomb raider : Game of the Year edition : PlayStation 3
The terror : a novel
From the building of the ship to recovering object's from Titanic's watery grave, the fascinating story of Titanic is explored in detail. The largest ocean liner of her time, Titanic was hailed as the ultimate in luxury travel, with grand dining halls and the latest technology, including an onboard telephone system. She set off on her maiden voyage on 10 April 1912 with more than 2,000 people on board. Just four days later, the ship struck an iceberg off the coast of Canada, and the unthinkable happened: Titanic sank. Find out what caused more than 1,000 people to drown and why the ship was so woefully ill-equipped for such a disaster. Through eyewitness accounts and from evidence found in the wreck, Titanic's fateful voyage has been meticulously pieced together to tell a riveting story of ambition, arrogance and folly. Ages 7+
The captain's daughter
Effects of the Exxon Valdez oil spill on river Otters : injury and recovery of a sentinel species
On 17th November, 2012, Salvador Alvarenga left the coast of Mexico for a two-day fishing trip. A vicious storm killed his engine and the current dragged his boat out to sea. The storm picked up and carried him West, deeper into the heart of the Pacific Ocean. Alvarenga would not touch solid ground again for 14 months. When he was washed ashore on January 30th, 2014, he had drifted over 9,000 miles. Three dozen cruise ships and container vessels passed nearby. Not one stopped for the stranded fisherman. He considered suicide on multiple occasions - including offering himself up to a pack of circling sharks. But Alvarenga developed a method of survival that kept his body and mind intact long enough for the Pacific Ocean to spit him up onto a remote palm-studded island. Crawling ashore, he was saved by a local couple living in their own private castaway paradise. Based on dozens of hours of interviews with Alvarenga and his colleagues, search and rescue officials, the medical team that saved his life and the remote islanders who nursed him back to normality, this is an epic tale of survival and one man's incredible story of beating the ultimate odds.
Robinson Crusoe : Adventures on the cursed island
South Australian shipwrecks : a database 1802-1989
Second watch
Arrow. Season 2 : The complete second season
Titanic's last secrets : the further adventures of shadow divers John Chatterton and Richie Kohler
Harry and the Jaggedy Daggers
Strike of the shark
The Shogun's reluctant ambassadors : sea drifters
The discovery of the Titanic
Women and children first : they survived the Titanic, but their lives were changed forever..
Adventures of sea
Jamrach's menagerie
Listen to the moon
The darkness and the deep
Titanic : death on the water
The ice master : the doomed 1913 voyage of the Karluk
Anna is living a lonely life on a small island with only her ageing mathematician father and his helper Max as company. When Rob washes ashore after an accident, Anna's world is turned upside-down. Is Max really devoted to her father? Is Rob the love she's been waiting for? Could she really leave the island? Drawing inspiration from The Tempest, Jane Eagland has woven a rich and moving story of mystery, love and deception.
101 things you thought you knew about the Titanic ... but didn't!
Father browne's titanic album
Robinson Crusoe
The Titanic
The midnight watch
Shipwreck
Arrow. Season 2, The complete second season
A girl aboard the Titanic : the remarkable memoir of Eva Hart, a 7-year-old survivor of the Tintanic disaster
The life and adventures of Robinson Crusoe
The Vasa piglet : piglet Lindbom's adventures on board the royal warship Vasa
Gulliver's travels : voyage to Lilliput
Life of Pi
A night to remember
The Titanic enigma
Titanica : the disaster of the century in poetry, song, and prose
Titanic lives : migrants and millionaires, conmen and crew
Inside the Titanic
Small knight and George and the pirates
Twelfth night
Titanic : lost and found
Mr Elf takes a holiday
The sinking of the Titanic
The Scandinavian Star disaster of 7 April 1990 : main report
Titanic : destination disaster : the legends and the reality
Shackleton : By Endurance We Conquer
Sunken treasures : the world's great shipwrecks
Whale song
Arrow. Season 3 : The complete third season
Last man off : a true story of disaster and survival on the Antarctic seas
The Titanic : end of a dream
Titanic unclassified : secrets of the Titanic revealed
Titanic : triumph and tragedy
Archaeology under water : an atlas of the world's submerged sites
The riddle of the Titanic
My heart will go on : piano, vocal, guitar
Dead reckoning : the Dunedin Star disaster
The shipwreck
SAS survival handbook : the ultimate guide to surviving anywhere
The mammoth book of the deep : over 30 true stories of danger and adventure under the sea
Apocalypse
The Hole : another look at the sinking of the Estonia Ferry on September 28th 1994
Salt water taffy, the seaside adventures of Jack and Benny. 4 : Caldera's revenge. Part 1
Titanic : a nonfiction companion to Tonight on the Titanic
Island
Sophie : dog overboard : the incredible true adventures of the castaway dog
Shadow of the Titanic : the extraordinary stories of those who survived
Shipwrecks
The balloonist
Secrets of the sea
The Titanic story
Exploring the Lusitania : probing the mysteries of the sinking that changed history
Arrow. Season 3, The complete third season
Louise, the adventures of a chicken
Investigation report on the capsizing of the pusher vessel Finn and the barge Baltic off Hanko on 27. December 1990 : abridged version
Simon and the bear : a Hanukkah tale
Young samurai. [1] : The way of the warrior
Shipwrecks of the revolutionary & napoleonic eras
Cage of Eden 1
Titanic : the legend of the unsinkable ship
S.O.S. : a book of sea adventure
Robert Ballard's Titanic
Lord of the flies
438 Days : an extraordinary true story of survival at sea
Crimson shore
Little Tim and the brave sea captain
And the band played on..
Collisions and their causes
Tomb raider : Xbox One
Barenetha Rock : A true drama of the sea
Shipwrecked
Young samurai. [6] : The ring of fire
Pirate hunters : treasure, obsession and the search for a legendary pirate ship
Lost voices from the Titanic : the definitive oral history
Lost treasure ships of the twentieth century
Famous sea tragedies
Strandings and their causes
The mask of Troy
Wild song
Quentin Blake's the Seven voyages of Sinbad the Sailor
Young samurai. [5] : The ring of water
Titanic : the complete guide to building the Titanic
The sea hunters II
Twelfth night : based on the play by William Shakespeare
Franklin's lost ship : the historic discovery of HMS Erebus
Life of Pi : a novel
Endurance : Shackleton's incredible voyage
The call of the wild ; White fang ; The sea-wolf ; 40 short stories
RMS Titanic : 1909-12 (Olympic class) : an insight into design, construction and operation of the most famous passenger ship of all time
Anatomy of the Titanic
Day four
The perfect storm : a true story of men against the sea
Arrow. Season 1 : The complete first season
50 things you should know about Titanic
Shipwreck index of the British Isles. Volume 5, Shipwreck index of the British Isles : West Coast and Wales
Titanicin salaisuudet : Salaperäisen menneisyyden ympäröimä legenda = Secrets of Titanic
