http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10446 exposure agents
exposure agents
Do the models assess noise-induced hearing loss correctly?
Characterization of bovine allergens and immunochemical quantification of the major bovine allergen in the airborne cust of cowsheds
Exposure and human PCDD/F and PCB body burden in Finland
Social-class inequalities in ill health : the contribution of physical workload
Molecular characterization of bovine dander allergens
Healthy buildings 2000 : proceedings. Vol. 4, Materials, design and construction
Healthy buildings 2000 : proceedings. Vol. 1, Exposure, human responses and building investigations
Healthy Buildings 2003 : energy-efficient healthy buildings : proceedings of ISIAQ, 7th International Conference, 7th-11th December 2003, Singapore
Acute respiratory health effects of particulate matter : effects of size, composition and sources
Loss of heterozygosity and tumour suppressor gene alterations in human cancer : studies on FHIT and NF2 genes in lung cancer, malignant mesothelioma and gastrointestinal stromal tumours
Acute cardiorespiratory health effects of size-segregated ambient particulate air pollution and ozone
Cytokine studies in the generation and treatment of IgE-mediated allergy
Finnish national job-exposure matrix (Finjem) in register-based cancer research
Summary.
Biotransformation and histopathological responses in chemically stressed freshwater fish
Determination of workers' exposure to reduced sulphur gases
Prohevein from the rubber tree (Hevea brasiliensis) is a major latex allergen
Occupational exposure to organic dusts and cancer among Finnish workers : special emphasis on the food industry and agriculture
Abstract and summary.
Correct choice of latex gloves
Healthy buildings 2000 : wokshop summaries
Amoebae in moisture-damaged buildings
The presence and persistence of birch and grass pollen antigenic activity in settled dust
Experimental approaches to chemical sensitivity : monograph based on papers presented at the Workshop on Experimental Approaches to Chemical Sensitivity held September 20-22, 1995, in Princeton, New Jersey
Allergy, hypersensitivity and chemical substances : evaluation of the ability of chemical substances to cause allergy and other hypersensitivity in the skin and airways : summary and conclusions from reports
Sixth US-Finnish Joint Symposium on Occupational Health and Safety : proceedings of the Sixth FIOH-NIOSH Joint Symposium on Occupational Health and Safety, 8-10 August, 1995, Espoo, Finland
The allergy and asthma protective effects of farm environment and pet animals : the role of immunomodulation
Allergen content of latex gloves used in 1994-1996 in health care in Finland : results of renewed market survey in 1995
Abstract (s. 9-10). Summary and conclusions (s. 58).
Fourth International Conference on Nickel Metabolism and Toxicology : Hanasaari Cultural Centre, Espoo, Finland, 5-9 September 1988 : abstracts
Environmental toxicants : human exposures and their health effects
Testing and discussion of the proposed criteria for the ability of chemical substances to cause allergy and hypersensitiv[it]y in the skin and the lower airways : summary report
Early life cytokines, viral infections and IgE-mediated allergic disease
Lipocalin allergen-induced T cell response : prospects for peptide-based immunotherapy
Neuropsychological symptoms among tanker drivers exposed to gasoline
Recent research developments in sound & vibration. Vol. 1, Part 1
Characterization of potato allergens
Healthy buildings 2000 : proceedings. Vol. 3, Building physics
Environmental toxicology : biological and health effects of pollutants
Occupational dermatoses from plastic composites based on polyester resins, epoxy resins and vinyl ester resins
Exposure, sensitization and allergy to industrial enzymes
Residues of certain chlorinated and aromatic compounds in Finnish population groups
Pathophysiological effects of vibration with inner ear as a model organ
Molecular profiling of malignant pleural mesothelioma and pulmonary fibrosis
Recent advances in researches on the combined effects of environmental factors : proceedings of the Third International Conference on the Combined Effects of Environmental Factors held in Tampere, Finland, 15-18 August 1988
Characterization of protein allergens in natural rubber latex
Acrylate compounds : uses and evaluation of health effects
Cross-reacting allergens in natural rubber latex and avocado
Latex gloves : protection or health risk to health care workers
NIOSH pocket guide to chemical hazards : online version
Effects of maternal smoking and aflatoxin B1 on cytochrome P450 enzymes, transporters and other proteins expressed in human placenta
This Environmental Health Criteria (EHC) series publication addresses dermal exposure to chemicals. It describes sources and pathways of dermal exposure, models and tools to estimate dermal exposure and methods for dermal exposure prevention and reduction. Furthermore, the EHC introduces skin diseases associated with dermal exposure. This EHC aims to provide information to national regulatory authorities to assist in conducting health risk assessments and managing the risk involving dermal exposure to chemicals.
Air toxics: biomarkers in environmental applications : April 27-28, 1995, Houston, Texas / organized by Andrij Holian ; Conference on Beryllium-related Diseases : November 8-10, 1994, Research Triangle Park, North Carolina / organized by C. W. Jameson ... [et al.] ; The Second NIEHS Predictive-toxicology Evaluation Experiment : 30 chemical carcinogenicity bioassays / initiated and organized by Joseph T. Wachsman ... [et al.]
Farmers' exposure to dusts and gases in dairy farms
Factors affecting occupational radon exposure
Assessment of exposure to fungicide propamocarb among Finnish potato farmers and inspectors with a special reference to models predicting exposure in developing countries
Allergen content of latex gloves : a market surveillance study of medical gloves used in Finland in 1997
Neuropsychiatric function of housepainters with previous long-term heavy exposure to organic solvents
Fertility among workers exposed to solvents or lead
Molecular epidemiology of allergen exposure, sensitization and asthma in school children : obstructive lung disease in Northern Sweden studies : thesis V
Immunological characterization and engineering of the major latex allergen, hevein (Hev b 6.02)
Investigations of noise-related tinnitus
Asbestosis, its detection, and predictors of progression and cancer
Species-specific effects of dioxin exposure on xenobiotic metabolism and hard tissue in voles
Finnish national job-exposure matrix (FINJEM) in register-based cancer research
Evaluation of neurotoxicity of mercury compounds and aluminum in cell cultures
Measurement of airborne animal-related antigens in the agricultural environment and the humoral responses of farmers
Health effects of occupational exposure to organic solvents and paint compounds
Occupational exposure limits : recommendations of the Scientific Committee for Occupational Exposure Limits to chemical agents 1994-97
Occurrence and risk factors of asthma, allergic rhinoconjunctivitis and allergic sensitisation in rural and urban Mongolia
Allergenic constituents of nail polishes
Impact of the human bacterial environment on mycobacteriosis and allergy
Inflammatory airway responses caused by Aspergillus fumigatus and PVC challenges
Occupational hypersensitivity diseases of the upper respiratory tract
Healthy buildings 2000 : proceedings. Vol. 2, Design and operation of HVAC systems
Environmental microbes and immunological development in children : the role of animal, bacterical and fungal exposures
Prognosis of patients with diagnosed chronic organic solvent intoxication
Exposure to environmental tobacco smoke, animals and pollen grains as determinants of atopic diseases and respiratory infections
Environmental microbes and immunological development in children : the role of animal, bacterial and fungal exposures
Parental occupational exposure and spontaneous abortion
