http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1045 good life
good life
Dimensions of moral education
The Battersea Park Road to paradise : five adventures in doing and being
The 7 habits of highly effective people personal workbook
The happiness project : or, why I spent a year trying to sing in the morning, clean my closets, fight right, read Aristotle, and generally have more fun
The last lecture
What would Buddha do? : 101 answers to life's daily dilemmas
Pleasure and the good life : concerning the nature, varieties and plausibility of hedonism
The astonishing powers of emotions : let your feelings be your guide
L'art de la simplicité : how to live more with less
Living well : the psychology of everyday life
"Pretty much all the advice about happiness we have heard revolves around one basic assumption: that we can think ourselves happier. But in HAPPINESS BY DESIGN, behavior and happiness expert Paul Dolan reveals that the key to being happy does not lie in changing how we think--it's changing what we do"--
Emotional freedom : liberate yourself from negative emotions and transform your life
The book of YOU : daily micro-actions for a happier, healthier you
Possible worlds : the idea of happiness in the utopian vision of Louis-Sébastien Mercier
Commitment
The myths of happiness : what should make you happy but doesn't, what shouldn't make you happy but does
The best things in life : a guide to what really matters
Changing course : inspiration, ideas and insights for starting again from the CEO who became a caddie
Finding your element : how to discover your talents and passions and transform your life
Everyday you : create your day with joy and mindfulness
Women, food and desire : embrace your cravings, make peace with food, reclaim your body
The virtues of the table : how to eat and think
The good, the true and the beautiful : a quest for meaning
Ethical theory. 2, Theories about how we should live
Designing your life : how to build a well-lived, joyful life
Health, food and physical activity : Nordic Plan of Action on better health and quality of life through diet and physical activity
The meditations of Marcus Aurelius : spiritual teachings and reflections : selections annotated & explained
Your money or your life : 9 steps to transforming your relationship with money and achieving financial independence
A good life : philosophy from cradle to grave
Happiness and the limits of satisfaction
Healing anger : the power of patience from a buddhist perspective
Dear Sebastian : a father's last wish, a legacy of inspiration
The question of good life in Albert Borgmann's philosophy of technology
The monk who sold his Ferrari : a fable about fulfilling our dreams and reaching your destiny
The good life
Sex, money, happiness, and death : the quest for authenticity
The happiness hypothesis : finding modern truth in ancient wisdom
The power of positive thinking
The examined life : philosophical meditations
Philosophy and happiness
The no spend year : how I spent less and lived more
The hidden pleasures of life : a new way of remembering the past and imagining the future
Michelle McGagh has been writing about money for over a decade. You'd think that would make her a whizz with her own cash, right? Wrong! Spending with abandon and ignoring bank statements were her modus operandi. Just because she wasn't in serious debt, apart from her massive London mortgage, she thought she was in control. She wasn't. Then Michelle discovered minimalism and sold 80% of her belongings. This was the first step to reining in her finances, and the second was to apply minimalism to her spending habits with a year-long spending ban. The aim: to pay off a huge chunk of her mortgage. She pays her bills and she has a minimal budget for her weekly groceries and household essentials but otherwise Michelle doesn't spend any money at all. She is finding creative ways to get the things she needs, to travel and to still be able to enjoy her time. Not only has she saved money but she is happier: no longer feeling the desire to buy things all the time or feeling the pressure of being sold. Her relationship with money, with things, with time, with others has changed for the better. This book is perfect for people who are by no means badly off but who often find themselves desperately waiting for pay day and wondering how on earth they frittered away their salary, who spend over GBP650 a year on their daily latte, who pop into Tesco Extra for a pint of milk and come out with GBP20 of random shopping, who never read their bank statements and who would like to learn how to set themselves up for a better life, buy their own home or prepare for their children's future or retirement. The No Spend Year is honestly written and talks about money in an approachable and entertaining way. Interspersed throughout are really brilliant personal finance tips and life hacks about interest, mortgages, savings, spending less to help you live a more financially secure life too.
Ethics
The magic of thinking big
The rough guide to happiness : [practical steps for all-round well-being]
The ultimate happiness prescription : 7 keys to joy and enlightment
Everyone worth knowing
Dear Sebastian  : a father's last wish, a legacy of inspiration
The reflective life : living wisely with our limits
After you
The fundamentals of ethics
The ethical life : fundamental readings in ethics and moral problems
Being mortal : medicine and what matters in the end
A guide to the good life : the ancient art of stoic joy
How to stop worrying and start living
The psychology of happiness : a good human life
Meditations
The Buddha's golden path : the classic introduction to zen buddhism
Religion, reality, and a good life : a philosophical approach to religion
Self-completion : keys to the meaningful life
The problems of a political animal : community, justice, and conflict in Aristotelian political thought
On my way to a happy life
The path of prayer : for a supreme dialogue
What can we do to live life wisely? You might think that the answer would be to think and reflect more. But this is not Valerie Tiberius's answer. On her view, when we really take account of what we are like - when we recognize our psychological limits - we will see that too much thinking and reflecting is bad for us. Instead, we need to think and reflect better. This means that we need to develop wisdom: we need to care about things that will sustain us and give us good experiences, we need to have perspective on our successes and failures, and we need to be moderately self-aware and cautiously optimistic about human nature. Further, we need to know when to think about our values, character, and choices, and when not to. A crucial part of wisdom, Tiberius maintains, is knowing when to stop reflecting and get lost in the experience. The Reflective Life also considers the issue of how to philosophize about how to live. A recent trend in moral philosophy has been toward what is sometimes called 'empirically informed ethics'. This methodology has not yet caught on in normative ethics, primarily because we cannot conclude anything about what ought to be the case from the facts about what is. Tiberius agrees that this leap should be avoided, but argues that empirical psychology can inform our philosophical theories in interesting ways.
Flourish : a new understanding of happiness and well-being - and how to achieve them
Beyond justice
Goodness & advice
Happiness by design : finding pleasure and purpose in everyday life
Even happier : a gratitude journal for daily joy and lasting fulfillment
Happiness is a choice
Self-health as a habit
Life goals and well-being : towards a positive psychology of human striving
In your prime : older, wiser, happier
Science and philosophy study well-being with different but complementary methods. Marry these methods and a new picture emerges: To have well-being is to be "stuck" in a positive cycle of emotions, attitudes, traits and success. This book unites the scientific and philosophical worldviews into a powerful new theory of well-being.
Very good lives : the fringe benefits of failure and the importance of imagination
Promotion of the good life : development of a curriculum for public health nurses
Women, food, and desire : embrace your cravings, make peace with food, reclaim your body
The Nicomachean ethics
Otherhood : modern women finding a new kind of happiness
The problem is the solution : a Jungian approach to a meaningful life
Pursuing the good life : 100 reflections on positive psychology
The book of joy : lasting happiness in a changing world
Affirmations : joyful and creative exuberance
Happiness TM
Morality and the good life
Finding a future that fits : achieve your dreams & discover your true self
Hygge : a celebration of simple pleasures : living the Danish way
In search of happiness : understanding an endangered state of mind
The science of well-being
Everything you need you have : how to be at home in your self
Lyubomirsky isolates the major turning points of adult life, looking to both achievements and failures to reveal that our misconceptions about the impact of such events is perhaps the greatest threat to our long-term well-being.
Happiness : personhood, community, purpose
What about me? : the struggle for identity in a market-based society
The good life : unifying the philosophy and psychology of well-being
Making happy people : the nature of happiness and its origins in childhood
The strange case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
The evaluation of pleasure in Plato's ethics
The surrender experiment : my journey into life's perfection
The modern girl's survival guide : 120 life-coaching steps for success with money, career and romance
Managing depression with mindfulness for dummies
10 secrets for success and inner peace
