http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10456 television companies
television companies
TRUE WAR  & COMBAT STORIES. In the summer of 1962, one year after the rise of the Berlin Wall, a group of daring young West Germans risked prison, Stasi torture and even death to liberate friends, lovers, and strangers in East Berlin by digging tunnels under the Wall. Then, as the world's press heard about the secret projects, two television networks raced to be the first to document them from the inside, funding two separate tunnels for exclusive rights to film the escapes. In response, President John F. Kennedy and his administration, wary of anything that might raise tensions and force a military confrontation with the Soviets, maneuvered to quash both documentaries.
Mission Al Jazeera : build a bridge, seek the truth, change the world
Television is the new television : the unexpected triumph of old media in the digital age
Towards a market in broadcasting : communications policy in the UK and Germany
The role of Chinese TV media in popularising traditional culture in the case of lecture room
This business of television
Global communication : theories, stakeholders, and trends
Now we are ten
Granada Television : the first generation
Strengthening the brand of a television broadcasting company in Finland : company research : Urheilukanava
Media events : a critical contemporary approach
Yle serving its audiences : summary of 1998 audience research
Evaluation of IPTV system and terminals
Film music, mood music and popular music research = Interviews, conversations, entretiens sur la musique de film, de sonorisation et sur la recherche dans la musique des mass-média
European television industries
"Benedetta Brevini investigates the extent to which a Public Service Broadcasting (PSB) ethos has been extended to the online world in Europe. She examines the most significant policy initiatives carried out by PSBs in Europe on online platforms, and analyzes how the public service philosophy is being reinvented by policy makers (at both the national and European level), by PSB institutions and by their competitors. Brevini examines Denmark, France, Italy, Spain and the UK, where PSB has been the subject of landmark reforms that have changed its legal and policy frameworks. Concurrently, at the European level, the debate about the redefinition and expansion of PSB in the new media has been vigorous. As such, Brevini elaborates on and discusses a normative democratic framework for PSB online in Europe, named 'PSB 2.0'. She concludes by arguing that, if the online world is to be infused with the same public service ethos which characterizes traditional broadcasting, European policy makers and institutions need to understand that a reconfiguration of public service values and principles - in other words, PSB 2.0 - is becoming crucial"--
A fatal attraction : public television and politics in Italy
We'll meet again
The sky is falling
Revelations : the 11 years of Taivas
Armchair nation : an intimate history of Britain in front of the TV
30 rock. Season 1.
Selling television formats as a form of international trade in television industry : Opportunity knocks for the Finnish independent production companies?
In The Essential HBO Reader, editors Gary R. Edgerton and Jeffrey P. Jones bring together an accomplished group of scholars to explain how HBO's programming transformed the world of cable television and how the network continues to shape popular culture and the television industry. Now, after more than three and a half decades, HBO has won acclaim in four distinct programming areas - drama, comedy, sports, and documentary - emerging as TV's gold standard for its breakout series and specials. The Essential HBO Reader provides a comprehensive and compelling examination of HBO's development into the prototypical entertainment corporation of the twenty-first century.
Al-Jazeera : how Arab TV news challenged the world
The Essential HBO reader
This business of televisionTM
The tunnels : the untold story of the escapes under the Berlin Wall
Lies, damn lies and documentaries
Contemporary Arab broadcast media
European television in the digital age : issues, dynamics and realities
Al-Jazeera : how the free Arab news network scooped the world and changed the Middle East
Media studies : the essential introduction
Exporting the public value test : the regulation of public broadcasters' new media services across Europe
Public service broadcasting online : a comparative European policy study of PSB 2.0
A case study on South Korea's international broadcaster Arirang TV : Legal ambiguity, insufficient finances and other problems
30 rock. Season 2.
Employment and positive action for women in the television organizations of the EEC Member States
Voices of the new Arab public : Iraq, Al-Jazeera, and Middle East politics today
News flash : journalism, infotainment, and the bottom-line business of broadcast news
30 rock. Season 3.
Inside the BBC and CNN : managing media organisations
Can we still trust the BBC?
30 rock. Season 4.
Monopoly television : MTV's quest to control the music
Global communication : theories, stakeholders and trends
The evolution of rules for a single European market. 1, Industry and finance
Empire. the complete second season
Broadcasting the local news : the early years of Pittsburgh's KDKA-TV
British TV and film in the 1950s : 'coming to a TV near you!'
Global television and the shaping of world politics : CNN, telediplomacy, and foreign policy
Inside the rise of HBO : a personal history of the company that transformed television
Managing strategic change in the changing radio and television market : a Finnish example 1985-1998
Putting 'reality' together : BBC news
MITA : Mobile Internet Technical Architecture. 3, Visions and implementations
From companions to competitors : the changing broadcasting markets and television programming in Finland
"Acomparative analysis of the evolution of UK and German broadcasting policies, adding to the developing area of comparative research on media and communications policy. The book focuses on processes of marketization and liberalization as they have affected policy-making, national regulatory frameworks and media structures"--
Broadcasting Empire : the BBC and the British world, 1922-1970
Planning marketing communications to obtain female viewers : case: Urheilukanava
Below the line : producers and production studies in the new television economy
Media Events: A Critical Contemporary Approach proposes an interdisciplinary and multicultural approach of Dayan and Katz's theory of media events (1992) by applying it to contemporary situations. The contributing authors come from a range of countries (UK, USA, Mexico, Germany, Finland, Italy, Greece, Portugal, Ukraine) and analyse the theory of media events from different perspectives, incorporating social media and offering a re-positioning of Dayan and Katz's theory of media events. By bringing new perspectives into this field, the proposed volume is an important contribution as it grounds the intervention and rethinking of the theory into further empirical research. This volume has the potential to function as a 'cross-generational' link between one of the 'early classics' of media and communication studies on the one hand and the present generation of researchers on the other.
Direct copyright revenue streams in creative industries in Finland : evaluation model
Al-Jazeera : the story of the network that is rattling governments and redefining modern journalism
The business of media : corporate media and the public interest
