http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10410 place names
place names
Intellectual culture of the Caribou Eskimos ; Iglulik and Caribou Eskimo texts
International dictionary of historic places. Vol. 4, Middle East and Africa
Alastair Sawday's special places to stay. Ireland : ... the most entertaining and special places anywhere in Ireland
Naming names : who, what, where in Irish nomenclature
Khmer heritage in Thailand with special emphasis on temples, inscriptions, and etymology
United Nations Conference on the Standardization of Geographical Names : Geneva, 4-22 September 1967. 1, Report of the Conference
Onomasticon : the place names of divine scripture : including the Latin edition of Jerome
Manual for the national standardization of geographical names
A mute gospel : the people and culture of the medieval English common fields
Historical Muscat : an illustrated guide and gazetteer
List of country names
Sacred landscape : the buried history of the Holy Land since 1948
Gazetteer of Romania : geographical names collcted from the military topographic maps
Scottish place-names : their study and significance
A grammar of Turkic place-names in the mountain Altai
Resolutions adopted at the six United Nations conference on the standardization of geographical names 1967, 1972, 1977, 1982, 1987, 1992
Latvijas Republikas geogrāfiskie nosaukumi : kartēm mērogā 1:1 000 000 = Concise gazetteer of the Republic of Latvia : scale 1:1 000 000
Place name types and cultural sequence in Polynesia : report of a simple statistical study of an investigation still in progress
The place-names of Shropshire. Pt. 2, The hundreds of Ford and Condover
The place-names of Shropshire. Part 6, The hundreds of Brimstree and Bradford South
Places, names & stories : a pilot project on geographical names in Finland
The place-names of Lincolnshire. Pt. 3, The Wapentake of Walshcroft
Gazetteer Federal Republic of Germany : Preliminary edition Niedersachsen : on the occasion of the Third United Nations Conference on the standardization of geographical names, Athens 1977
A historical overview of the name "Sea of Japan"
Geographical names DVD
What is in a name? : an inquiry into the semantics a. pragmatics of proper names
The place-names of Shropshire. Part 4, Shrewsbury town and suburbs and the Liberties of Shrewsbury
English place-names and river-names containing the primitive germanic roots [sup x]vis, [sup x]vask : an essay on comparative place-names study
Principles and procedures for geographical naming 1990 = Principes et directives pour la dénomination des lieux 1990
United Nations Conference on the Standardization of Geographical Names : Geneva, 4-22 September 1967. 2, Proceedings of the Conference and technical papers
Third United Nations Conference on the Standardization of Geographical Names, Athens, 17 August - 7 September 1977. Vol. 2, Technical papers = Documents techniques = Documentos técnicos
Broadcast English. 2, Recommendations to announcers regarding the pronunciation of some English place names
Representing beasts in early medieval England and Scandinavia
Glossary of geographical names in six languages : English- French-Italian-Spanish-German and Dutch
Summary.
Sagas, saints and settlements
Placenames Workshop 2012 : Theme: Management and dissemination of toponymic data online : 24-25 August 2012
Bushman (San) influence on Zulu place names
The Hungarians or Možars and the Mečšers/Mišers of the Middle Volga region
Place names in Kauguri county, Latvia : a synchronic-structural analysis of toponyms in an ancient Indo-European and Finno-Ugric contact area
Dictionary of place-names in the British Isles
Toponymic guidelines for map and other editors, for international use : Republic of Korea
International dictionary of historic places. Vol. 2, Northern Europe
Nazwy geograficzne Rzeczypospolitej Polskiej = Geographical names of the Republic of Poland
Lexicon of the Greek and Roman cities and place names in antiquity ca 1500 B.C. - ca A.D. 500.. Fasc. 15/Separatum, Constantinopolis
International dictionary of historic places
Geographical names - maps, identity and United Nations : full text of presentation to the plenary session of the International Cartographic Conference, November 20, 2009, Santiago, Chile
Paikannimihakemisto = Ortnamnsregister = Index of place names / Maanmittaushallitus = Lantmäteristyrelsen = National Board of Survey
The place-name element bólstaðr in the North Atlantic area
A dictionary of Irish place-names
The book of London place names
The Shakespeare name dictionary
Africa in antiquity : a linguistic and toponymic analysis of Ptolomy's map of Africa, together with a discussion of Ophir, Punt and Hanno's voyage
The place-names of Norfolk. Pt. 3, The Hundreds of North and South Erpingham and Holt
Denominando il mondo. Dal nome comune al nome proprio : Atti del simposio internazionale, Zara, 1 - 4 settembre 2004 = Naming the world. From common nouns to proper names. Proceedings from the international symposium, Zadar, September 1st - 4th, 2004
Laxdaelabygdens ortnamn = The place-names of the Laxdaela region
The meaning of Liff
Polski przewodnik toponimiczny : dla redaktorów map i innych użytkowników = Toponymic guidelines of Poland : for map editors and other users
The place-names of Rutland
Studies on English place-names
The place-names of Lincolnshire. Pt. 4, The Wapentakes of Ludborough and Haverstoe
Placenames of France : over 4000 towns, villages, natural features, regions and departments
The place-names of Birsay
Place-name changes since 1900 : a world gazetteer
The place-names of Cheshire. Pt. 5, 2, Introduction, linguistic notes and indexes with appendixes
Place-names of the world : a dictionary of their origins and backgrounds
The Penguin encyclopedia of places
Gazetteer of the Antarctic
No Abavas līdz Zilupei : vietvārdu colmes īsā vārdnīca = From Abava to Zilupe : the origin of Latvian geographical names : a short dictionary
The place-names of Leicestershire. Part 1, The Borough of Leicester
Finland-Swedish names of fields, meadows and pastures
The pit-dwellers of hokkaido and Ainu place-names considered /by John Batchelor
Johann Schöner's globe of 1515 : transcription and study
African onomastics = L'onomastique Africaine = Afrikanische Onomastik
Where's where : A descriptive gazetteer
Imin̂ata Makedoniǰa i makedonci vo srednovekovnite izvori = The names Macedonia and Macedonians in medieval sources
Empfehlungen und Hinweise für die Schreibweise geographischer Namen : für Herausgeber von Landkarten und anderen Veröffentlichungen Bundesrepublik Deutschland = Toponymic Guidelines for map and other editors Federal Republic of Germany
A dictionary of British place names
Ocean atlas of Korea : East Sea
Wondering through Europe : a story of European geographical names
Placenames of the world : origins and meanings of the names for over 5000 natural features, countries, capitals, territories, cities and historic sites
Main trends in naming interurban objects in Moscow
Studies on english place-names
Sea of Japan
Place-name changes 1900-1991
Trail of story, traveller's path : reflections on ethnoecology and landscape
English place-names
Lexicon of the Greek and Roman cities and place names in antiquity ca 1500 B.C. - ca A.D. 500.. Fasc. 12, Beneventum - Bovianum
Toponymicon and lexicon in North-West Europe : 'Ever-changing connection'
Proceedings of the 21st International Congress of Onomastic Sciences : Uppsala 19-24 August 2002.. 2
Nazwy państw = Country names
The Gudme/Gudhem phenomenon : papers presented at a workshop organized by the Centre for Baltic and Scandinavian Archaeology (ZBSA), Schleswig, April 26th and 27th, 2010
Placenames of the world : origins and meanings of the names for 6,600 countries, cities, territories, natural features, and historic sites
The concise Oxford dictionary of English place-names
East Sea in world maps
Sixth United Nations Conference on the Standardization of Geographical Names : New York, 25 August - 3 September 1992 = Sixième conférence des Nations unies sur la normalisation des noms géographiques : New York, 25 août-3 septembre 1992 = Sexta Conferencia de las Naciones Unidas sobre la Normalización de los Nombres Geográficos : Nueva York, 25 de agosto a 3 septiembre de 1992. Vol. 2, Technical papers = Documents techniques = Documentos técnicos
The Settlement names of Våla härad, Uppland.
Third United Nations Conference on the Standardization of Geographical Names, Athens, 17 August - 7 September 1977. Vol. 2, Technical papers = Documents techniques = Documentos técnicos / Troisième conférence des Nations Unies sur la normalisation des noms géographiques, Athènes, 17 août - 7 septembre 1977 / Département de la coopération technique pour le développement = Tercera conferencia de las Naciones Unidas para normalizar los nombres geograficos, Atenas, 17 de agosto - 7 de septiembre de 1977 / Departamento de Cooperación Técnica para el Desarrollo
Alternate names of places : a worldwide dictionary
Lexicon of the Greek and Roman cities and place names in Antiquity ca 1500 B.C. - ca A.D. 500
Seventh United Nations Conference on the Standardization of Geographical Names : New York, 13-22 January 1998. Vol. 1, Report of the conference
Dictionary of Alaska place names
Reports by divisions and governments on the situation in their regions and countries on the progress made in the standardization of geographical names since the sixth conference. Report of Finland
A dictionary of Lebanese place-names : (Mount Lebanon and North Lebanon), English - English - Arabic = Muʻǧam asmā' al-qurā wal-amākin al-lubnānīya
International dictionary of historic places. Vol. 3, Southern Europe
The place-names of Shetland
Fourth United Nations Conference on the Standardization of Geographical Names, Geneva, 24 August - 14 September 1982. Vol. 1, Report of the conference
Eesti 1940 : Estonia Estonorum : ajalooline geograafia = [Estonia 1940] : [Estonia of the Estonians] : [historical geography]
Toponomy : the lore, laws and language of geographical names
The place names of Svalbard
The geographic dictionary of ancient and mediæval India
The western spread of Permic hydronyms
Lexicon of the Greek and Roman cities and place names in antiquity ca 1500 B.C. - ca A.D. 500.. Fasc. 15, Caesarodunum - Cannabiaca
Official authorities & other organizations involved with geographic names - 1984 : United States, Canada, Mexico
Dictionary of world place names derived from British names
The place-names of Lincolnshire. Pt. 2, Lincolnshire, Lindsay, North Riding, the Wapentake of Yarborough
Language and place-names in Wales : the evidence of toponymy in Cardiganshire
Off the map : the curious histories of place-names
Central Asia Turcic place-names Lop Nor and Tarim area : an attempt of classification and explanation based on Sven Hedin's diaries and published works
Celtic voices, English places : studies of the Celtic impact on place-names in England
The Linguistic Background of the  Ancient Meshchera Tribe and Principal Areas of  Settlement
Gazetteer of Roman Palestine
Name and place : ten essays on the dynamics of place-names
Summary: Names of cultivated lands in the land survey catalogues by Johan Haberman - from the Savo region in eastern Finland of the 1620s.
International dictionary of historic places. Vol. 5, Asia and Oceania
Place-names of New South Wales : their origins and meanings
Fibula, fabula, fact : the Viking Age in Finland
Dictionary of Canadian place names
The survey gazetteer of the British Isles : including summary of 1951 census
Undersea features : official standard names approved by the United States Board on Geographic Names
"This type of geographical dictionary lists past and present alternate names of more than 7,000 places. It focuses on placenames with official or semiofficial status rather than nicknames or colloquial abbreviations. It comments on names and their origins where appropriate. Appendices focus on placenames in non-English languages and on places which have been renamed in fictional works"--Provided by publisher.
The Arthurian name dictionary
Sea, sea names and peace in East Asia : proceedings of the 20th International seminar on sea names, Gyeongju, Korea, 26-29 October 2014.
THE CONCISE OXFORD DICTIONARY OF ENGLISH PLAC.
Reports by governments on the progress made in the standardization of geographic names
Principles and procedures for geographical naming 1999 = Principes et directives pour la dénomination des lieux 1999
Why do place names change?
Names of countries : and of their capital cities including adjectives of nationality = Noms de pays : et de leurs capitales avec les adjectifs de nationalités = Nombres de paises : y de sus capitales respectivas y adjetivos de nacionalidad
City names
The concise dictionary of world place-names
Joint commission seminar on historical maps, atlases and toponymy
Geographic names of the Antarctic
World cartography. Vol. 18.
The placenames of the coast of Gozo (Malta)
The place-names of Shropshire. Pt. 1, The major names of Shropshire
The place-names of Leicestershire. Part 3, East Goscote Hundred
Brewer's dictionary of names
Runö ortnamn = The place-names of Runö
The Village names of Lewis
Lexicon of the Greek and Roman cities and place names in antiquity ca 1500 B.C. - ca A.D. 500.. Fasc. 14, Cabala - Caesarodunum
Names of countries and their capital cities including adjectives of nationality and currency units = Noms de pays = Nombres de paises
Ortsnamen Estlands : Place names in Estonia
Sea names: heritage, perception and international relations : proceedings of the 21st International seminar on sea names. Helsinki, Finland, 23-26 August 2015.
Some observations on the relationship between lake names and village names in Northwest Russia
Reasons for name changes in Finland
A Senegalese pronouncing gazetteer
The place-names of Lincolnshire. Pt. 5, The Wapentakes of Bradley
GeoNames 2000.. Second International Symposium on Geographical Names, Frankfurt am Main, 28-30 March 2000
Exonyms and the international standardisation of geographical names : approaches towards the resolution of an apparent contradiction
Lexicon of the Greek and Roman cities and place names in antiquity ca 1500 B.C. - ca A.D. 500.. Fasc. 13, Bovianum - Byzantium
Geographical names in Russian
The place-names of Norfolk. Pt. 2, The hundreds of East and West Flegg, Happing and Tunstead
Book of Indian names
Technical reference manual for standardization of geographical names
The Celtic elements in Devon place-names
From words to Altai place-names : (topography cognition and semantics)
Canaanite toponyms in ancient Egyptian documents
The statesman's year-book world gazetteer
