http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10429 social sciences
social sciences
Philosophy after Marx : 100 years of misreadings and the normative turn in political philosophy
Effectiveness of the KiVa antibullying program
Same- and other-sex victimization : risk factors, consequences, and protection by peers
Teaching social studies in elementary schools
The virtuous journalist, an updated view : a study in the ethics of journalism
Facet theory : form and content
Qualitative methods in management research
The travelling concepts of narrative
The social science encyclopedia. Vol. 2, L-Z
Comparative methods in the social sciences
Exiles and constituents : Baltic refugees and American Cold War politics, 1948 - 1960
Understanding and doing successful research : data collection and analysis for the social sciences
Qualitative data analysis : a user-friendly guide for social scientists
Evaluation roots : a wider perspective of theorists' views and influences
An introduction to sociology : feminist perspectives
From an examination of recent social and cultura theory and selected work on place and space by scholars of religion I draw together resources for the development of a spatial methodology for the study of religion. In order to identify the key elements of this methodology, I discuss relations between the body and space, the dimensions, properties and aspects of space, the "sacred" and sacralization. Consideration is given briefly to the application of a spatial approach, its strenths and weaknesses.
Meaning and method in the social sciences : a case for methodological pluralism
Qualitative research from start to finish
Bibliography of social science periodicals and monograph series. Japan, 1950-1963
Positive feedback economies
Research in the social scientific study of religion. Volume 19
The philosophy of the social sciences
Using mixed methods : frameworks for an integrated methodology
The spirit of the game : navigational aids for the next century
ICT disparities in Finland : access and implications
The role of factors promoting genetic diversity within social insect colonies
Univariate tests for time series models
Middle Eastern and Central Asian Studies
Ethical choices in research : managing data, writing reports, and publishing results in the social sciences
Reliability for the social sciences : theory and applications
LISREL issues, debates, and strategies
Papers in economics and sociology
Introduction to the social sciences : with special reference to their methods
Computational social science : discovery and prediction
Encyclopedia of public affairs information sources : a bibliographic guide to approximately 8 000 citations for publications, organisations, and other sources of information on nearly 300 subjects relating to public affairs
Socialism and the study of man
Dynamic concept analysis (DCA) : integrating information in conceptual models
Effects of mobile phone electromagnetic field : behavioral and neurophysiological measurements
How to measure attitudes
Expertise and decision making among clinicians in investigations of alleged child sexual abuse
Systematics as normative holism
Sociological methods : a sourcebook
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook
Introduction to longitudinal research
After method : mess in social science research
Political Economy of Bronze- and Iron Age Societies in the Eastern Coast of the Bothnian Bay ca. 1500 BC-AD 1300
Beauty for sale : an empirical study of appearance-related consumption in Finland
This guide teaches you how to read critically. Its no-nonsense, practical approach uses a specially developed reading code to help you read articles for your research project; this simple code enables you to decipher journal articles structurally, mechanically and grammatically. Refreshingly free of jargon and written with you in mind, it's packed full of interdisciplinary advice that helps you to decode and critique academic writing. The author's fuss free approach will improve your performance, boost your confidence and help you to: Read and better understand content Take relevant effective notes Manage large amounts of information in an easily identifiable and retrievable format Write persuasively using formal academic language and style. New to this edition: Additional examples across a range of subjects, including education, health and sociology as well as criminology Refined terminology for students in the UK, as well as around the world More examples dealing specifically with journal articles.
Research methods for studying groups and teams : a guide to approaches, tools, and technologies
Översikt över samhällsvetenskapliga bibliografiska hjälpmedel = A survey of the bibliographical aids in the social sciences
Towards a Nordic competition state? Politico-economic transformation of statehood in Finland, 1965-2005
Social evolution and sociological categories
Science in History. Volume 4, The Social Sciences: Conclusion
Quantitative research in social science research is changing rapidly. Researchers have vast and complex arrays of data with which to work: we have incredible tools to sift through the data and recognize patterns in that data; there are now many sophisticated models that we can use to make sense of those patterns; and we have extremely powerful computational systems that help us accomplish these tasks quickly. This book focuses on some of the extraordinary work being conducted in computational social science - in academia, government, and the private sector - while highlighting current trends, challenges, and new directions. Thus, Computational Social Science show cases the innovative methodological tools being developed and applied by leading researchers in this new field. The book shows how academics and the private sector are using many of these tools to solve problems in social science and public policy.
An introduction to instructional services in academic libraries
Ethical decision making in social research : a practical guide
Statistics explained
Statistical methods in the social sciences
Perception in Kant's model of experience
The Good Research Guide by bestselling author Martyn Denscombe has established itself as the introductory book on the basics of social research. It provides practical and straightforward guidance for those who need to conduct small-scale research projects as part of their undergraduate, postgraduate or professional studies. This brand new fifth edition has been thoroughly updated and revised throughout and includes new material on: the use of social media in research, including guidelines on the use of social networking sites; more on internet research and how to run online surveys; how to conduct systematic literature reviews; getting good response rates to a survey; writing research reports; and research ethics. Retaining the clear, friendly and practical approach that has made the book a must for student researchers, the new edition includes many helpful learning features such as "at a glance" summaries in "Key Points" boxes, helpful "Checklists" to guide good practice and handy "Link-ups" between key topics across the book. Every chapter provides up-to-date further reading lists to help you develop your knowledge and research skills. This is an invaluable resource for anyone conducting social research across all business, health, education and other social science disciplines.
Abstract: Public opinion as a social science concept.
Designs, methods and practices for research of project management
The bulletin of the Institute of Social Sciences, Meiji University
Korea focus : on current topics
System analysis for social scientists
Inside the whale : ten personal accounts of social research
Research practice
The social science encyclopedia
A guide to the art treasures of France
Researching social life
Using research instruments : a guide for researchers
The inevitability of skepticism :a study on the problem of the criterion
Physical attractiveness as a signal of biological quality
Quasi-experimental approaches : testing theory and evaluating policy
The Routledge handbook of psychoanalysis in the social sciences and humanities
The Sociology of Max Weber
Statistics explained : a guide for social science students
The multivariate social scientist : introductory statistics using generalized linear models
Axel Honneth : A critical theory of the social
Ethnography : principles in practice
Method in Social Science : a realist approach
Multivariate tests for time series models
Irresponsible talk? Essays on the signification of economic activity.
Practical research and evaluation : a start-to-finish guide for practitioners
The structure of social action : a study in social theory with special reference to a group of recent European writers
World social science report : knowledge divides
The data game : controversies in social science statistics
Essays in methodology. Volume 3, Methodology and development
Sage publications / SRM database
Handbook of the life course. Volume II
Systems methodology in social science research : recent developments
Qualitative research methods : collecting evidence, crafting analysis, communicating impact
Our societies are ageing. The Family is changing. Labour force behaviour is evolving. How is the organisation of family and collective solidarity adapting in this context of longer life spans, low fertility, and work that is simultaneously scarce and abundant? The welfare states are currently facing three main challenges: ensure satisfactory living conditions for the elderly without increasing the cost burden on the active population, reduce social inequality, and maintain equity between successive generations. In this book, researchers from different countries compare their experiences and offer contrasting views on the future of social protection. They consider the theoretical aspects of the intergenerational debate, relations between generations within the family, the living standards of elderly people, and the question of social time.
School bullies`quest for power : implications for group dynamics and intervention
Qualitative research synthesis provides a comprehensive glimpse of what individual qualitative studies show. The authors describe the process of data analysis, synthesis and interpretation that users may follow and adapt.
Sociology
Just plain data analysis : finding, presenting, and interpreting social science data
Operational research and the social sciences
Understanding and social inquiry
The practice of social research
Social research methods
The lively science : remodeling human social research
Just Plain Data Analysis teaches students statistical literacy skills that they can use to evaluate and construct arguments about public affairs issues grounded in numerical evidence. The book addresses skills that are often not taught in introductory social science research methods courses and that are often covered sketchily in the research methods textbooks: where to find commonly used measures of political and social conditions; how to assess the reliability and validity of specific indicators; how to present data efficiently in charts and tables; how to avoid common misinterpretations and misrepresentations of data; and how to evaluate causal arguments based on numerical data. With a new chapter on statistical fallacies and updates throughout the text, the new edition teaches students how to find, interpret, and present commonly used social indicators in an even clearer and more practical way.
APA style simplified : writing in psychology, education, nursing, and sociology
In 'An Invitation to Social Construction', Kenneth Gergen charts the background to the social constructionist movement and outlines the major debates, topics and issues.
Postcolonial thought and social theory
Associations : journal for social and legal theory
Behavioral responses in mice selectively bred for high and low levels of open-field thigmotaxis
Ages, generations and the social contract : the demographic challenges facing the welfare state
Will and mechanisms
The archive project : archival research in the social sciences
The politics of world politics
An introduction to problems in the philosophy of social sciences
Demystifying social statistics
"Male menopause" : the birth of a new illness?
A practical introduction to the main theories and methods of qualitative research for the health sciences is offered in this book. It covers the full range of conventional and new qualitative methods including ethnography, phenomenology, grounded theory, biography, action research, historical research, discourse analysis and postmodern, poststructuralist and femininst approaches to research. Carol Grbich shows that qualitative methods need to be followed just as rigorously as quantitative methods, providing examples drawn from various health fields. A practical introduction to the main theories and methods of qualitative research for the health sciences is offered in this book. It covers the full range of conventional and new qualitative methods including ethnography, phenomenology, grounded theory, biography, action research, historical research, discourse analysis and postmodern, poststructuralist and femininst approaches to research.
For science in the social sciences
Bourgeois dignity : why economics can't explain the modern world
Research training for social scientists : a handbook for postgraduate researchers
Knowledge, space, economy
Summated rating scale construction : an introduction
Foundations of the Frankfurt school of social research
Scandinavia in social science literature : an English-language bibliography
Imagining Europe, imagining the nation : Estonian discussion on European unification, 1923-1957
Regression models : censored, sample-selected, or truncated data
Liste mondiale des périodiques spécialisés dans les sciences sociales = World list of social science periodicals
Essays on interpretation in social science
Applied multivariate statistics for the social sciences
This explains everything : deep, beautiful and elegant theories of how the world works
The importance of semantics : visual world studies on drawing inferences and resolving anaphors
Basic math for social scientists : problems and solutions
Climate change and ethics of geoengineering : implications of climate emergency ethics
An introduction to qualitative research synthesis : managing the information explosion in social science research
Two lectures : Stein Rokkan and the twentieth century social science : Den social rapporterings tidstypiska förankring
Spatial theory and method for the study of religion
Knowledge and society : an introduction to the philosophy of the social sciences
The methodology of comparative research : a symposium from the Center for comparative studies in technological development and social change and the Department of political science, University of Minnesota
SAS2 : a guide to collaborative inquiry and social engagement
From welfare to innovation : STI policies under the spotlight
On history
Interpreting probability models : Logit, Probit, and other generalized linear models
Big ideas in social science
Foundations for research : methods of inquiry in education and the social sciences
Internationalization of the social sciences : Asia - Latin America - Middle East - Africa - Eurasia
Bending the rules : morality in the modern world : from relationships to politics and war
We live in an era of rapid transformation of the European states, which are taking new forms rather than disappearing or being hollowed out. This transformation inescapably touches upon the question of the interaction between a state and its territory. Since there is a growing need to conceptualize this change in statehood from a historical perspective on various margins of Europe, this paper aims at providing a context-sensitive theorization of the gradual transformation of the spatiality of the Keynesian welfare state in Finland. The arguments presented are authenticated by reference to documents on Finnish public investment policy as evidence of the changes in state strategies from the 1960s onwards. The paper concludes that the change from "regimes of security political survival" to "regimes of survival in international economic competition" has inevitably influenced the relationship between the Finnish state and its territory. It also suggests, however, that inertia caused by the embedded spatial culture of the welfare state has hindered the development of a truly international competition state characterized by economic efficiency rather than territorial and social equalization. We therefore conceptualize the contemporary condition of Finnish statehood as spatially promiscuous, in that the Finnish state is becoming an increasingly complex combination of the marketplace model (the glocal state) and one nation politics (territorial integrity).
The Sage handbook of governance
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences
Theory and methods of social research
Advances in visual methodology
Radical research : designing, developing and writing research to make a difference
Concepts and subject headings : their relation in information retrieval and library science
Statistical methods for the social and behavioral sciences
Using the social sciences
Archival strategies and techniques
English abstract.
Basic research methods : an entry to social science research
In Designs, Methods and Practices for Research of Project Management, Beverly Pasian has brought together original chapters from a veritable who's who of project management research including authors such as Harvey Maylor, Christophe Bredillet, Derek Walker, Miles Shepherd, Janice Thomas, Naomi Brookes and Darren Dalcher
Statistics for social sciences : how to handle and analyse data in social sciences
Narrative is a pioneer concept in our trans-disciplinary age. For decades, it has been one of the most successful catchwords in literature, history, cultural studies, philosophy, and health studies. While the expansion of narrative studies has led to significant advances across a number of fields, the travels for the concept itself have been a somewhat more complex. Has the concept of narrative passed intact from literature to sociology, from structuralism to therapeutic practice or to the study of everyday storytelling? In this volume, philosophers, psychologists, literary theorists, sociolinguists, and sociologists use methodologically challenging test cases to scrutinize the types, transformations, and trajectories of the concept and theory of narrative. The book powerfully argues that narrative concepts are profoundly relevant in the understanding of life, experience, and literary texts. Nonetheless, it emphasizes the vast contextual differences and contradictions in the use of the concept.
Authority, responsibility and justice in environmental politics : papers from the 8. Nordic environmental social science research conference June 18-20, 2007 : Workshop 1
Interpreting qualitative data : methods for analysing talk, text and interaction
Research methods : the basics
The good research guide : for small-scale social research projects
The philosophy of social research
Research methodology : a step-by-step guide for beginners
"It's all right" : multimodal rightward spatial bias modified by age and praxis
The social sciences : an outline for the intending student
Living history in the classroom : integrative arts activities for making social studies meaningful
Routledge international handbook of contemporary social and political theory
Statistical methods for organizational research : theory and practice
Transnational approaches of the social sciences : readings in international studies
New approaches in social research
Max Weber on the methodology of the social sciences
Main trends of research in the social and human sciences. Part 1, Social sciences
Picturing the social landscape : visual methods in the sociological imagination
Principles of research design in the social sciences
Democracy, pluralism, and the social studies : readings and commentary : an approach to curriculum decisions in the social studies
Case study research. Vol. 1
Keywords for radicals : the contested vocabulary of late-capitalist struggle
The Sage handbook of education for citizenship and democracy
The triangular relationship between the social, the political and the cultural has opened up social and political theory to new challenges. The social can no longer be reduced to the category of society, and the political extends beyond the traditional concerns of the nature of the state and political authority. This Handbook will address a range of issues that have recently emerged from the disciplines of social and political theory, focusing on key themes as opposed to schools of thought or major theorists. It is divided into three sections which address: the most influential theoretical traditions that have emerged from the legacy of the twentieth century the most important new and emerging frameworks of analysis today the major theoretical problems in recent social and political theory. The Routledge International Handbook of Contemporary Social and Political Theory encompasses the most up-to-date developments in contemporary social and political theory, and as such is an essential research tool for both undergraduate and postgraduate students, as well as researchers, working in the fields of political theory, social and political philosophy, contemporary social theory, and cultural theory.
Being reflexive in critical educational and social research
Social sciences citation index
Offering a variety of innovative methods and tools, The Oxford Handbook of Multi- and Mixed-Methods Research Inquiry provides the most comprehensive and up-to-date presentation on multi- and mixed-methods research available. Written in clear and concise language by leading scholars in the field, it enhances and disrupts traditional ways of asking and addressing complex research questions. Topics include an overview of theory, paradigms, and scientific inquiry; a guide to conducting a multi- and mixed-methods research study from start to finish; current uses of multi- and mixed-methods research across academic disciplines and research fields; the latest technologies and how they can be incorporated into study design; and a presentation of multiple perspectives on the key remaining debates. Each chapter in the volume is structured to include state-of-the-art research examples that cross a range of disciplines and interdisciplinary research settings. In addition, the Handbook offers multiple quantitative and qualitative theoretical and interdisciplinary visions and praxis. Researchers, faculty, graduate students, and policy makers will appreciate the exceptional, timely, and critical coverage in this Handbook, which deftly addresses the interdisciplinary and complex questions that a diverse set of research communities are facing today.
Science communication : an interdisciplinary social science journal
Researching life stories : method, theory and analyses in a biographical age
Social theory as practice
Information society, citizens and everyday life: does the Internet make a difference in spatial practices?
"This social science dictionary has 1000 entries covering the disciplines of sociology, criminology, political science and women's study with a commitment to Canadian examples and events and names."--Kotisivu.
Construing transitology : a contribution to the critique of the political economy of post-socialist transition
How to read journal articles in the social sciences : a very practical guide for students
Value judgment and social science : structures and processes
Essence of statistics
Library 2020 : today's leading visionaries describe tomorrow's library
Evidence and explanation in social science : an interdisciplinary approach
Science, technology & human values
Theory and understanding : a critique of interpretive social science
Interpretation and method : empirical research methods and the interpretive turn
Report from ICARP-III planning meeting
Basic statistics
An invitation to social construction
The essence of the information society has been under a considerable debate during the last decade. The argumentation concerns the critique of technological determinism and the recognition of political, economic, social and cultural factors that underlie the development. In academic discourse, there has been a noticeable change from engineering based rhetoric towards more humanistic themes and a more qualitative way of speaking about the issue. Also geographical dimensions, mainly related to the urban research and applied urban planning, have emerged. In this paper the essence of the information society is analysed from a perspective of human and cultural geography. The concept of information society is being treated as a subjective construction and it can be conceptualised as a triad. Firstly, it is a tool as such, and the reference is on material symbols representing the tech-sphere of today. This includes actual devices such as computers and mobile telephones and their integrated applications. Secondly, the information society is a set of practices. This refers to everyday routines that are rarely questioned or critically explored. The most common examples of this are e-banking and e-shopping. Finally, the information society is an experience. This theme is characterised by subjective histories, individual contexts and cultural backgrounds. All these dimensions have implications on environment and social conditions of human life. This framework is being used as a tool to evaluate empirical data based on extensive survey conducted in Finland in the year 2001. The sample size was 2750 questionnaires of which 1176 were received back.
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook ..
Essays on business and leadership ethics
Quantity and quality in social research
Globalisation, global justice and social work
Reading development during elementary school years : evidence from eye movements
Identifying remaining socio-technical challenges at the national level: Finland : working paper (WP 1 - MS 5)
Alterations in the states and contents of consciousness : empirical and theoretical aspects
Social science and historical perspectives : society, science, and ways of knowing
The future of meta-analysis
Social science : an introduction to the study of society
The Oxford handbook of multimethod and mixed methods research inquiry
Building on the success of the 2003 Handbook of the Life Course, this second volume identifies future directions for life course research and policy. The introductory essay and the chapters that make up the five sections of this book, show consensus on strategic "next steps" in life course studies. These next steps are explored in detail in each section: Section I, on life course theory, provides fresh perspectives on well-established topics, including cohorts, life stages, and legal and regulatory contexts. It challenges life course scholars to move beyond common individualistic paradigms. Section II highlights changes in major institutional and organizational contexts of the life course. It draws on conceptual advances and recent empirical findings to identify promising avenues for research that illuminate the interplay between structure and agency. It examines trends in family, school, and workplace, as well as contexts that deserve heightened attention, including the military, the criminal justice system, and natural and man-made disaster. The remaining three sections consider advances and suggest strategic opportunities in the study of health and development throughout the life course. They explore methodological innovations, including qualitative and three-generational longitudinal research designs, causal analysis, growth curves, and the study of place. Finally, they show ways to build bridges between life course research and public policy.
Design and the social sciences : making connections
Evolutionary explanation in the social sciences : an emerging paradigm
Neural mechanisms underlying conscious and unconscious vision : evidence from event-related potentials and transcranial magnetic simulation
The nexus of practices : connections, constellations and practitioners
Cognitive development of very low birth weight children from infancy to pre-school age
New strategies and curriculum in social studies
Odds ratios in the analysis of contingency tables
Designing and conducting your first interview project
International journal of sino-western studies
Analysis without measurement
Applied regression analysis and generalized linear models
Basic math for social scientists : concepts
Psychometric methods : theory into practice
Applied statistics for the behavioral sciences
"Grounded in current knowledge and professional practice, this book provides up-to-date coverage of psychometric theory, methods, and interpretation of results. Essential topics include measurement and statistical concepts, scaling models, test design and development, reliability, validity, factor analysis, item response theory, and generalizability theory. Also addressed are norming and test equating, topics not typically covered in traditional psychometrics texts. Examples drawn from a dataset on intelligence testing are used throughout the book, elucidating the assumptions underlying particular methods and providing SPSS (or alternative) syntax for conducting analyses. The companion website presents datasets for all examples as well as PowerPoints of figures and key concepts. Pedagogical features include equation boxes with English translations of all statistical notation and end-of-chapter glossaries. The Appendix offers extensions of the topical chapters with example source code from SAS, SPSS, IRTPRO, BILOG-MG, PARSCALE, TESTFACT, and DIMTEST. Key Words/Subject Areas: assessments, factor analysis, generalizability theory, item response theory, measurement theory, norming, psychological testing, psychometric methods, psychometrics, reliability, research methods, scaling, test development, test equating, tests, validity Audience: Behavioral researchers; testing and assessment professionals; graduate students and instructors in psychology, neuroscience, education, management, sociology, and public health. "--
Corporate social-responsibility and environmental management
Online panel research : a data quality perspective
Semantics and social science
Mathematical models in the social sciences
Political and sociological theory and its applications
Praxis : Yugoslav essays in the philosophy and methodology of the social sciences
Systems theory in the social sciences : stochastic and control systems, pattern recognition, fuzzy analysis, simulation, behavioral models
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 47
Abstract: J.V. Snellman as an interpreter of Hegelś Philosophy of right.
Social justice isn't what you think it is
Longing to return and spaces of belonging : Iraqis' narratives in Helsinki and Rome
Autopoiesis and configuration theory : new approaches to societal steering
Relieved after doctor's consultation? : primary health care patients' complaint-related worries
Online dictionary of the social sciences
(Re)constructing cultures of violence and peace
Geographical information systems and science
Social-ecological transformation : reconnecting society and nature
