http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10424 international criminal law
international criminal law
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 27, The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia 2005
International criminal law : the legal and critical analysis of international crimes. Vol. 2
Universal jurisdiction: end of impunity or tyranny of judges?
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunal. Vol. 6, The International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda 2000-2001
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 26, The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia 2004-2005
Towards harmonization of general principles of international criminal law
European criminal procedure law in service of protection of European Union financial interests : state of play and challenges
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 18, The International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda 2004
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 25, The International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda 2006-2007 / André Klip and Göran Sluiter (eds.)
Policing the world : Interpol and the politics of international police co-operation
Universal jurisdiction : international and municipal legal perspectives
Unlawful seizure of aircraft
Transnational aspects of criminal procedure
Crimes against international law
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 13, Timor Leste : the special panels for serious crimes 2001-2003
The crime of terrorism and the emerging framework of international criminal law : reflections on the "hierarchy of evil"
Towards an international criminal procedure
Identifying liability : ambiguous charges in international criminal law
Universal justice through international criminal law : a report from the international criminal law symposium in Rome, April 1996
Imprisonment: does it vindicate itself? : survey of an international practice in the application of imprisonment
Interpol : issues in world crime and international criminal justice
Terrorism : an introduction
Formulation and application of United Nations standards and norms in criminal justice
The directory of international terrorism
"This books sets out an agenda to transform international criminal trials and the delivery of international criminal justice to victim communities through collaboration of currently competing paradigms. It reflects a transformation of thinking about the comparative analysis of the trial process, and seeks to advance the boundaries of international criminal justice through wider access and inclusivity in an environment of rights protection. Collaborative justice is advanced as providing the future context of international criminal trials. The book's radical dimension is its argument for the harmonization of restorative and retributive justice within the international criminal trial."--BOOK JACKET.
Rethinking international criminal law : the substantive part
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 8, The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yogoslavia 2001-2002
Critical analysis of joint criminal enterprise doctrine in international criminal law : Demands of the principle of legality and the limits of individual criminal responsibility
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 17, The International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda 2003-2004
Critical victimology : international perspectives
Terrorism, international crime and arms control
International criminal law : the legal and critical analysis of international crimes. Vol. 1
Proceeds of crime : money laundering, confiscation and forfeiture
Victims of international crimes : an interdisciplinary discourse
Legal aspects of extradition among European states
Revue internationale de droit penal : la peine de mort = the death penalty
The Prosecutor of a Permanent International Criminal Court : International Workshop in co-operation with the Office of the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Tribunals (ICTY and ICTR), Freiburg im Breisgau, May 1998 = Le Procureur d'une Cour pénale internationale permanente = El Fiscal de una Corte Penal Internacional Permanente
Substantive criminal law of the European Union
The protective principle of international criminal jurisdiction
Criminological approaches to international criminal law
International crimes : digest/index of international instruments 1815-1985. 1
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 7, The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yogoslavia 2001
La régionalisation du droit pénal international et la protection des droits de l'homme dans les procédures de coopération internationale en matière pénale : colloque préparatoire, section IV, Helsinki (Finlande), 2-6 septembre 1992 = The regionalization of international criminal law and the protection of human rights in international cooperation in criminal proceedings : preparatory colloquium, section IV, Helsinki (Finland), 2-6 September 1992.
The Peace and Security Council of the African Union : its relationship with the United Nations, the African Union and sub-regional mechanisms
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 38, The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia 2009
International crimes : digest/index of international instruments 1815-1985. 2
Victims' status at international and hybrid criminal courts : victims' status as witnesses, victim participants/civil participants/civil parties and reparations claimants
Reducing genocide to law : definition, meaning, and the ultimate crime
The cooperation between non-governmental organizations and the United Nations in the field of crime policy
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 10, The International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda 2001-2002
International criminal adjudication and the collection of evidence : obligations of states
Les systémes comparés de justice pénale : de la diversité au rapprochement : Actes de la Conférence international à l'occasion du 25ème anniversaire de L'institut supérieur international de sciences criminelles, Syracuse (Italie) 16-20 Décembre 1997 = Comparative criminal justice systems: from diversity to rapprochement : = Proceedings of the International Conference for the 25th Anniversary of the International Institute of Higher Studies in Criminal Sciences, Siracusa (Italy), 16-20 December 1997.
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 35, The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia 2007-2008
Supreme crime and supreme power : the crime of aggression, the International Criminal Court and the power to review the United Nations Security Council
Commentary on the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court : observers' notes, article by article
Mens rea and defences in European criminal law
Hersch Lauterpacht and the development of international criminal law
Defining rape : emerging obligations for states under international law?
The history of international collaboration in crime prevention and treatment of offenders : with special emphasis on the activities of International Penal and Penitentiary Foundation
On equality between international criminal defendants
The regionalization of international criminal law and the protection of human rights in international cooperation in criminal proceedings
Compliance through enforcement : testing the management model in the framework of international humanitarian law and the Yugoslavia Tribunal
A treatise on international criminal law. 2, Jurisdiction and cooperation
Problems arising from the practical application of the European Convention on Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters
EU criminal law and justice
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 14, The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia 2003
Economic crime : programs for future research
International criminal law : a draft international criminal code
Taking international criminal law seriously : a decade of Finnish criminal legislation
International criminal justice : a critical analysis of institutions and procedures
Summation (s. 175-180).
From molehills to mountains (and myths?) : a critical history of transitional justice advocacy
Criminal jurisdiction of states - an international law framework
Historical survey of the question of international criminal jurisdiction
Coping with international atrocities through criminal law : a study into the typical features of international criminality and the reflection of these traits in international criminal law
Customary international law in times of fundamental change : recognizing Grotian moments
Aut dedere aut judicare and universal jurisdiction : different interpretations
A treatise on international criminal law. 1, Crimes and punishment
Journal of international criminal justice
Youth, crime and justice
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 23, The International Criminal Court 2005-2007
Transforming international criminal justice : retributive and restorative justice in the trial process
An introduction to the International Criminal Court
An International criminal court : a step toward world peace. 1, Half a century of hope
HEUNI : the United Nations Regional Institute for Crime Prevention and Control in Europe
Legal aspects of international drug control
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 20, The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia 2004
The legal aspects of international terrorism = Les aspects juridiques du terrorisme international : selective bibliography
International criminal law and human rights
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 31, The International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda 28 November 2007 - 30 November 2008
Measures against the transfer and the safekeeping of funds of criminal origin
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 29, The international Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia 2006
OLAF at the crossroads : action against EU fraud
Immunity from prosecution for war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide : the case of head of states
The law of state responsibility v. Lex Specialis : an investigation into countermeasures and alleged self-contained regimes
International and comparative criminal justice and urban governance : convergence and divergence in global, national and local settings
International criminal law in historical perspective : comments and materials
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 15, The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia 2003
Treatise on international criminal law. Volume III, International criminal procedure
Transnational crime and criminal law
Substantive and procedural aspects of international criminal law : the experience of international and national courts. Volume 2, Documents and cases
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Volume XLIX, The Special tribunal for Lebanon 2009-2013
The Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court : a challenge to impunity
Substantive and procedural aspects of international criminal law : the experience of international and national courts. Volume 1, Commentary
International criminal law. 2, Procedure
Crisis in the principle of universal jurisdiction : the Spanish courts' fight against impunity
Maritime terrorism and international trade
United Nations Congresses on the Prevention of Crime and the Treatment of Offenders
International and European criminal law
Theory and practice of international and internationalized criminal proceedings
Terrorism as a catalyst for the emergence, harmonization and reform of criminal law
What the International Criminal Court should learn from International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda. From 1994-2002
