http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10435 cotton
cotton
World oilseeds : chemistry, technology, and utilization
The growth of the British cotton trade 1780-1815
The world of cotton
Trichoderma reesei cellulases in processing of cotton
Compendium of cotton diseases
An Empire of plants : people and plants that changed the world
Country textiles of Japan : the art of tsutsugaki
Linen, wool, cotton / 25 simple projects to sew with natural fabrics ; [translation by Karen Sandness ; photographs by Chiemi Nakajima ; illustrations by Junko Raigo]
Effect of foliar potassium and micronutrient additions on yield and fiber quality of cotton (Gossypium hirsutum L.)
Conventional reduced tillage and no-tillage systems for cotton growing under Mediterranean conditions : a cultural and economic approach
Inheritance of fiber quality characters in upland cotton genotypes havin non-preference traits for insect pests
Census of India, 1961. Vol. 15, pt. 7-A, Uttar Pradesh. Handicrafts survey monograph, 6.
Silk and cotton : textiles from the Central Asia that was
Cotton projects : pillows, placemats, comforters and wonderful applique gifts
The art of weaving : an interactive guide to the basics of weaving
The British cotton trade, 1660-1815
Handbook on natural dyes for industrial applications
A  Painted House
Global review of commercialized transgenic crops : 2001 feature: Bt cotton
"This book explores the fascinating history and present-day practices associated with cotton. This is a story of commercial and cultural enterprise, of war between East and West, of technological and industrial revolution, social modernisation, colonialism and slavery. And yet cotton remains one of the most significant mass commodities today. Cotton's history and track record on labour conditions and the environment have tarnished its history and reputation, even as cotton clothes have become the mark of modern industrialised society. Yet cottons also take other cultural forms and cotton textiles and artifacts are part of a vibrant craft tradition in many parts of the world. This book explores the history, impact and ongoing life of this hugely influential textile"--
The evolution of Gossypium and the differentiation of the cultivated cottons
The exchange of cotton : Ugandan peasants, colonial market regulations and the organisation of [the] international cotton trade, 1904-1918
The politics of food supply : U.S. agricultural policy in the world economy
All about cotton : a fabric dictionary and swatchbook
Pollen-mediated genetic transformation of cotton with the Arabidopsis thaliana hmgr cDNA using the particle gun
The cultivation and weaving of cotton in the prehistoric Southwestern United States
The modern natural dyer : a comprehensive guide to dyeing silk, wool, linen and cotton at home
From sugar triangle to cotton triangle : trade and shipping between America and Baltic Russia, 1783-1860
Dyeing & overdyeing of cotton fabrics : an introduction to dyeing and overdyeing cotton fabrics, both plain and printed, for use in quilt and other fabric crafts
Seeds of change : five plants that transformed mankind
Friction in textile materials
Central Asian waters : social, economic, environmental and governance puzzle
Summary (s. 19-23).
Horrockses fashions : off-the-peg style in the '40s and '50s
Factory girls : women in the thread mills of Meiji Japan
Sisters and strangers : women in the Shanghai cotton mills, 1919-1949
A bibliography of the pink bollworm, Pectinophora gossypiella (Saunders)
Rampage in Prince's garden
The Company weavers of Bengal : the East India Company and the organization of textile production in Bengal, 1750-1813
Sustainable textiles : life cycle and environmental impact
Beloe zoloto Uzbekistana = White gold of Uzbekistan = Ǔzbekiston ok oltini
All about cotton : a fabric dictionary & swatchbook
Mechanochemical reactions in lignocellulosic materials
Trade, Reputation and Child Labor in Twentieth-Century Egypt
Agronomic handbook : management of crops, soils, and their fertility
Cotton's renaissance : a study in market innovation
Fabric for fashion : a comprehensive guide to natural fibres
Tribology of natural fiber polymer composites
Revision of the tribe Phyllotini (Rodentia: Sigmodontinae), with a phylogenetic hypothesis for the Sigmodontinae
The travels of a t-shirt in the global economy : an economist examines the markets, power and politics of world trade
Some aspects of the cotton commodity market : a contribution to the project "Cotton production in Mozambique : a case-study of development problems and policies"
Coefficients of parentage for 260 cotton cultivars released between 1970 and 1990
Reforms in the Uzbek cotton sector : small steps forward
The water footprint of modern consumer society
Meeting the challenge in the world cotton market and the Chinese cotton industry : proceedings of the 1999 China International Cotton Conference, Xi'an, China, 1-3 September 1999
The travels of a t-shirt in the global economy : an economist examines the markets, power, and politics of global trade
Influence of cotton plant population in the control of Striga hermonthica in maize under greenhouse condition
The peasant cotton : revolution in West Africa, Côte d'Ivoire, 1880-1995
Illustrared dictionary of fabrics
Khadi - textile of India
The protection of cotton, December 1984 - February 1989 : citations from AGRICOLA concerning diseases and other environmental considerations
Cotton fibers : developmental biology, quality improvement, and textile processing
The "command-administrative system" in cotton farming in Uzbekistan : 1920s to present
Cotton : the fabric that made the modern world
CRC handbook of transportation and marketing in agriculture
Colombia with special reference to cotton : being the report of the journey of the international cotton mission through the Republic of Colombia
Cotton in the Mozambican colonial economy : a contribution to the project "Cotton production in Mozambique : a case-study of development problems and policies"
Cotton : science and technology
Cotton as a world power : a study in the economic interpretation of history
Handbook of fiber chemistry
Firms, networks and business values : the British and American cotton industries since 1750
Agrobacterium-mediated transformation and regeneration of cotton
The fibre that changed the world : the cotton industry in international perspective, 1600-1990s
Manchester men and Indian cotton, 1847-1872
Cotton cultivation on narrow rows as an alternative culture method : production and economics
How to wet-clean undyed cotton and linen
Cotton and textiles under the Lomé conventions : a contribution to the project "Cotton production in Mozambique : a case-study of development problems and policies"
Cotton in Finland before the 1600s
The science of dyeing & finishing : an interactive guide to the basics of dyeing and finishing
Organic cotton crop guide : a manual for practitioners in the tropics
The art of printing : an interactive guide to the basics of printing
A painted house
Turkey is one of the biggest cotton producing countries in the world. Defoliant is applied on 17% of the Turkey cotton production, which is similar to average defoliant application in the world. In Turkey, Finish® and Dropp® are widely in use as defoliant for desired boll opening in cotton. Finish® contains ethephon a.i. and cyclanilide a.i., and Dropp® contains thidiazuron a.i. and diuron a.i. In this study, total risk of defoliant on human health and environment were calculated by POCER (The Pesticide Occupational and Environmental Risk) indicator. The objective of this study was to determine the total risk value of defoliant application in cotton on human health and environment in Turkey. Thidiazuron a.i. has no potential risk on human health and environment. Diuron a.i. has relatively low total risk value on human health. Yet, it has very low risk on environment (0.097). Ethephon a.i. has relatively high total risk on human health (1.550). Cyclanilide a.i. has total risk on human health similar to ethephon a.i. These active ingredients (a.i.) have no potential risk for environment. Consequently, defoliant application in cotton has very low total risk value due to 10 of maximum value.
Cotton in West Africa : the economic and social stakes
Encyclopedia of handspinning
Cotton and the growth of the American economy, 1790-1860 : sources and readings
Determination of total risk of defoliant application in cotton on human health and environment
The use of high-yielding cultivars that remove high amounts of potassium and micronutrients from the soil lead to potassium and micronutrients deficiencies in Turkey. An important objective for using macro and micronutrients in cotton is to balance vegetative and reproductive growth as well as to improve lint yield and fiber quality. Field study was conducted in a randomized complete block design with three replications under irrigated conditions in the Southeastern Anatolia Region of Turkey, to determine the effects of foliar potassium, zinc and micronutrient treatments on yield and fiber quality of cotton (Gossypium hirsutum L.). Compared with the untreated control, application of foliar potassium, zinc and micronutrients insignificantly affected lint turnout, seed-cotton yield, and fiber quality parameters. Furthermore, application of foliar potassium, zinc and micronutrients increased Zn²⁺, Cu²⁺,Fe³⁺, Mn²⁺, Mg²⁺, Na²⁺, Ca²⁺ and K⁺ rates in the leaf compared with the untreated control.
Porin Puuvilla oy : cotonnerie - Cotton manufctures
New world, first nations : Native peoples of Mesoamerica and the Andes under colonial rule
Corporate history culture and useful industrial past : a case study on history management in Finnish cotton company Porin Puuvilla Oy
Beloe zoloto Uzbekistana = White gold from Uzbekistan
Today's world textile and garment trade is valued at a staggering $425 billion. We are told that under the pressure of increasing globalisation, it is India and China that are the new world manufacturing powerhouses. However, this is not a new phenomenon: until the industrial revolution, Asia manufactured great quantities of colourful printed cottons that were sold to places as far afield as Japan, West Africa and Europe. Cotton explores this earlier globalised economy and its transformation after 1750 as cotton led the way in the industrialisation of Europe. By the early nineteenth century, India, China and the Ottoman Empire switched from world producers to buyers of European cotton textiles, a position that they retained for over two hundred years. This is a fascinating and insightful story which ranges from Asian and European technologies and African slavery to cotton plantations in the Americas and consumer desires across the globe.
Principles of crop production : theory, techniques, and technology
The cotton industry in the industrial revolution
Fashion's favourite : the cotton trade and the consumer in Britain, 1660-1880
Cotton "leaf burn" : symptoms and effects on cotton yields
Plant diseases of international importance. Vol. 4, Diseases of sugar, forest, and plantation crops
Merchants and mariners : selected maritime writings of David M. Williams
Vegetable oils in food technology : composition, properties and uses
The travels of a T-shirt in the global economy : an economist examines the markets, power, and politics of world trade
Smart fibres, fabrics and clothing
Economic institutional change in Tokugawa Japan : Osaka and the Kinai cotton trade
Cotton was the first industrialized global trade. This four-volume reset edition charts the rise of British trade in cotton from the days of small-scale trading between the Middle East and India to the domination of British-led industrialized manufacture. Cotton came to dominate fashion, politics and consumer behaviour. Split into three parts, the first charts the early days of the cotton trade and Europe's later, Britain's steps to get involved. Part II explores the process of large-scale trade between Britain and India and the public reaction to this, while Part III covers the period of industrialization, when cotton became a global commodity. With trade comes exchange; the concurrent development and dissemination of technology was an important by-product of the trade in cotton. Documentary sources from letters, pamphlets, broadsides, newspaper extracts and advertisements attest to this, as well as throwing light on some of the more unsettling aspects of an industrialized economy. Child labour was widespread, as was a general exploitation of the poor, who could be made to work in factories in appalling circumstances. Such practices caused a change in the political landscape, as workers' conditions fuelled calls for reform. Ultimately, it is the driving force of consumerism that comes through in this collection. The scale of the effect which the trade and manufacture of cotton goods had on British material culture is hard to over-emphasize. The appetite for Indian cottons affected all social strata, and led to a near instantaneous call for a ban from makers of other cloths, whilst the shift in global trading dynamics after the expansion of domestic manufacture of cotton was an important factor in British dominance during the Industrial Revolution and the success of the British Empire. In this sense, it can truly be said that the cotton trade reshaped British society and the wider world.
Diseases of cotton
CRC handbook of pest management in agriculture. Vol. 3
The slave states (before the Civil War)
The white scourge : Mexicans, Blacks, and poor whites in Texas cotton culture
Empire of cotton : a global history
