http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10493 women's history
women's history
Woman : her changing image
Featuring a mix of primary source documents, articles, and illustrations, Women's America: Refocusing the Past has long been an invaluable resource. Now in its seventh edition, the book has been extensively revised and updated to cover recent events in American women's history.
Chronology of women worldwide : people, places & events that shaped women's history
Dreaming of East : western women and the exotic allure of the Orient
The historical study of women : England, 1500-1700
The Irish women's history reader
From the kitchen to the parlor : language and becoming in African American women's hair care
Goddesses, whores, wives and slaves : women in classical antiquity
Bad Girls Throughout History features some of the fiercest women of all time - the famous, the infamous, and the ones you haven't even heard of yet. Explore the notable works, impressive feats, and striking portraits of these wild women from around the globe who challenged the status quo.
Tiedenaisia = Vetenskapskvinnor = Women of learning
Gender questions and current challenges for Luther and Reformation studies
Voyages of hope : the saga of the bride-ships
Heroic with grace : legendary women of Japan
The Irish Women's History Reader is an exciting collection of essays revealing the tremendous diversity of women's experiences in Ireland's past. For the first time this unique book draws together key articles published in the fields of Irish women's history and women's studies over the past two decades, including contributions from Ireland, North and South, England, USA, Canada and Australia.
Looking into my sister's eyes : an exploration in women's history
Palestinian women : narrative histories and gendered memory
George Gissing and the woman question : convention and dissent
Introduction : the Lutheran context of Nordic women's history
The volume opens with chapters comparing medieval Europe and Japan, disparate cultures which nevertheless shared traditions of male dominated aggression and competitiveness. The author then shows how, in Europe, this tradition led to colonialism and imperialism, and the subjugation of indigenous societies, just as women were subjugated in the conquerors' home countries. Only with the French Revolution did the political force women exerted powerfully change the course of history.
Her best shot : women and guns in America
The female malady : women, madness, and English culture, 1830-1980
Alone! Alone! : lives of some outsider women
Bad girls throughout history
The button box : lifting the lid on women's lives
The possible lives of Matleena Herajärvi : a poor woman's position in Northern Finland in the nineteenth century
Over the past three decades scholars have transformed the study of women and gender in early modern Europe. This Ashgate Research Companion presents an authoritative review of the current research on women and gender in early modern Europe from a multi-disciplinary perspective. The authors examine women's lives, ideologies of gender, and the differences between ideology and reality through the recent research across many disciplines, including history, literary studies, art history, musicology, history of science and medicine, and religious studies. The book is intended as a resource for scholars and students of Europe in the early modern period, for those who are just beginning to explore these issues and this time-period, as well as for scholars learning about aspects of the field in which they are not yet an expert. The companion not only offers a comprehensive examination of the current research on women in early modern Europe, but will act as a spark for new research in the field.
Post-colonial critique and the politics of writing women's history
Haremlik : some pages from the life of Turkish women
Girls, wives, factory lives
Remedios : stories of earth and iron from the history of Puertorriqueñas
Perfect wives in ideal homes : the story of women in the 1950s
Women in antiquity
Womenś life and work in the southern colonies
Women, family, and ritual in Renaissance Italy
Our girls : their work for the war
The selected papers of Elizabeth Cady Stanton and Susan B. Anthony. Vol. 3, National protection for national citizens, 1873 to 1880
International conference on women's history : programme and outlines of papers ; edited by Lilian de Bruijn and Annemarie de Wildt
Anglo-Saxon women and the church : sharing a common fate
Major problems in American women's history : documents and essays
Art and sexual politics : women's liberation, women artists, and art history
Women in English social history 1800-1914 : a guide to research in three volumes. Vol. 3, Autobiographical writings
Russian and Soviet women, 1897-1939 : dreams, struggles, and nightmares. Vol. 1
Reclaiming the past : landmarks of women's history
Glamour : women, history, feminism
All around the world, women's important role in history has only recently been acknowledged. Asia is no exception. Despite a long record of achievements, women's experiences in South, Southeast, and East Asia go largely untold. This compelling book looks at women's lives in contemporary Asia, and reviews the cultural similarities —and differences —in the patterns and experiences of women across various regions. Women's Roles in Asia examines the full scope of women's lives throughout history, including specific topics such as education, family life, marriage and childbearing, religion, politics, economics, work, and literature and the arts. A timeline and introduction provide a backdrop to the events, achievements, and issues that have impacted Asian women from pre-colonial time to the present day.
Women in Sweden : historical facts from 1845 to 1921
Suffer and be still : women in the Victorian age
Academic women
Black women in antiquity
The whole woman
Game of queens : the women who made sixteenth-century Europe
Women in Early Modern Ireland
The Ashgate research companion to women and gender in early modern Europe
A literature of their own : British women novelists from Brontë to Lessing
In full flower : aging women, power and sexuality : a history
Modernizing tradition : gender and consumerism in interwar France and Germany
What we hold in common : an introduction to working-class studies
From eve to dawn : a history of women. Vol. 1, Origins
Women of ancient Greece
Woman's evolution : from matriarchal clan to patriarchal family
"We women worked so hard" : gender, urbanization, and social reproduction in colonial Harare, Zimbabwe, 1930-1956
The unveiled ladies of Istanbul (Stamboul)
Explains how to conduct research on the lives of ordinary British women from 1800 to 1945, and gives advice on publishing findings.
Women in the medieval city : sources and uses of wealth by Sienese women in the thirteenth century
The seven ages
Unequal opportunities : women's employment in England 1800-1918
Women in Ireland, 1800-1918 : a documentary history
The warrior queens : Boadicea's chariot
This eye-opening book covers over a thousand years of Western history and exposes the controls that noble, bourgeois, and propertied peasant families exerted over daughters (and sons) to ensure the continuity of existing social relations. It details the broader economic and social structures within which young women married and the degree to which the institution of the dowry--the marriage bargain--structured courtship and marriage. This provocative volume addresses important issues of women's status and their roles in the family, the family economy, and the economy at large.
Writing a woman's life
Daughter of the revolution : the major nonfiction works of Pauline E. Hopkins
Shifting centres : women and migration in New Zealand history
A Turkish woman's European impressions
Women's roles in Asia
The Victorian woman question in contemporary feminist fiction
Pioneer pastors' wives chose the role of service : a noble but often difficult calling
Feminism in literature : a Gale critical companion. Vol. 4, 20th century : topics
The weaker vessel : woman's lot in seventeenth-century England
Women in the ancient world
Clio's consciousness raised : new perspectives on the history of women
The fourth estate : a history of women in the Middle Ages
The women's chronology : a year-by-year record, from prehistory to the present
The astronaut wives club : a true story
Discovering women's history : a practical manual
The marriage bargain: women and dowries in European history
First published in 1977, this book is a companion volume to Suffer and Be Still. It looks at the widening sphere of women's activities in the Victorian age and testifies to the dual nature of the legal and social constraints of the period: on the one hand, the ideal of the perfect lady and the restrictive laws governing marriage and property posed limits to women's independence; on the other hand, some Victorian women chose to live lives of great variety and complexity. By uncovering new data and reinterpreting old, the contributors in this volume debunk some of the myths surrounding the Victorian woman and alter stereotypes on which many of today's social customs are based.
The ideal woman of the Victorian era was a combination of sexual innocence, conspicuous consumption, and worship of the family hearth - with marriage and procreation being a woman's only function. Suffer and Be Still is a collection of ten lively essays which document the feminine stereotypes that Victorian women fought against, but only partially defeated.
A cultural history of women. Vol. 6, In the modern age
The German women's movement : the social role of women in the 19th century and the emancipation movement in Germany
Women and slavery in America : a documentary history
Gender and nationalism in Finland : the domestication of the national narrative
Silk and ink : what were silk wallets, and what can they, together with Jacobina Charlotta Munterhjelm's diary, tell us about the gentry women's lives in the 18th and 19th century?
The female experience in eighteenth- and nineteenth-century America : a guide to the history of American women
Women, popular culture, and the eighteenth century
Jewish women in Greco-Roman Palestine : an inquiry into image and status
A history of women's political thought in Europe, 1400-1700
A cultural history of women. Vol. 3, In the Renaissance
Sara Baartman and the Hottentot Venus : a ghost story and a biography
From eve to dawn : a history of women. Vol. 3. Infernos and paradises, the triumph of capitalism in the 19th century
Flapper : a madcap story of sex, style, celebrity, and the women who made America modern
Women and freedom in early America
"She was a sister sailor" : the whaling journals of Mary Brewster 1845-1851
Women in the American revolution
A gallery of women
Writing women's history
Black women in America
The position of woman in Finland
Bitch : in praise of difficult women
Black women in the United States : from colonial times to the 1980's
Chronology of women's history
A century of women : the most influential events in twentieth-century women's history
Women, work & domestic virtue in Uganda, 1900-2003
Women's history for beginners
A widening sphere : changing roles of Victorian women
Kenya women heroes and their mystical power
The witch in history : early modern and twentieth-century representations
Old wives' tales : life-stories from Ibibioland
Women's America : refocusing the past
Being a woman in Britain during the Second World War : Nella Last talks about her life
Visualizing beauty : gender and ideology in modern East Asia
Dancing for Hathor : women in ancient Egypt
Mothers of invention : women of the slaveholding South in the American Civil War
Women writing 1550-1750
Women in Western European history : a selected chronological, geographical, and topical bibliography from antiquity to the French revolution
A small sound of the trumpet : women in medieval life
Women's rights : struggles and feminism in Britain c.1770-1970
Fathers to daughters : the legal foundations of female emancipation
Rhetorics of work
Comparative women's history : new approaches
The selected papers of Elizabeth Cady Stanton and Susan B. Anthony. Vol. 4, When clowns make laws for queens, 1880-1887
Suffrage days : stories from the women's suffrage movement
The importance of being monogamous : marriage and nation building in Western Canada to 1915
Women and the American experience
The pillow book of Sei Shōnagon : the diary of a courtesan in tenth century Japan
Making women's histories : beyond national perspectives
Women of the French Revolution
Hunger, consumption, and identity in Elizabeth Gaskell's novels
Women in Latin American history, their lives & views
The role of women in work and society in the ancient Near East
Living biographies of famous women
The medieval housewife & other women of the Middle Ages
An introduction to women's studies : gender in a transnational world
Images of women in antiquity
"Konner traces the arc of evolution to explain the relationships between women and men, ... [exploring] the knotty question of whether men are necessary in the biological destiny of the human race. He draws on multiple, colorful examples from the natural world--such as the mating habits of the octopus, black widow, angler fish, and jacana--and argues that maleness in humans is hardly necessary to the survival of the species"--Dust jacket flap.
Behind Turkish lattices
Good Night Stories for Rebel Girls
The Roman mother
Offers an intimate glimpse into a unique female community. Liz Dalby, the only non-Japanese woman ever to have trained as a geisha, reveals the realities of geisha life.
A cultural history of women. Vol. 5, In the age of empire
Gendering the master narrative : women and power in the middle ages
Women and reason
Breadwinners and citizens : gender in the making of the French social model
Women and work in pre-industrial England
Farmers, traders, warriors, and kings : female power and authority in northern Igboland, 1900-1960
Women, production, and patriarchy in late medieval cities
The origin of the distinction of ranks, or, An inquiry into the circumstances which give rise to influence and authority, in the different members of society
Renessance woman
Protecting motherhood : women and the family in the politics of postwar West Germany
The challenge of feminist biography : writing the lives of modern American women
The girlhood of famous women
Surpassing the love of men : romantic friendship and love between women from the Renaissance to the present
Rebel girls : their fight for the vote
What every woman should know : lifestyle lessons from the 1930s :pictures and facsimile pages from the Daily Mail
On the move, on their own : female Finnish immigrants in the Red Lodge, Montana
From eve to dawn : a history of women. Vol. 2, The masculine mystique
Carrying Linda's stones : an anthology of Estonian women's life stories
Women after all : sex, evolution, and the end of male supremacy
The remarkable women of ancient Egypt
Writing women's history : international perspectives
Womanhood in America : from colonial times to the present
Women in the public life in late medieval England : a study through contemporary sources in the 1400s
When work was its own reward : a Swedish study from the perspective of women's history, of the kindergarten teacher as public educator
Scarlett doesn't live here anymore : Southern women in the Civil War era
From Eve to dawn : a history of women. 1, Origins
Converting the West : a biography of Narcissa Whitman
Before they could vote : American women's autobiographical writing, 1819-1919
The second sex
Outspoken women : an anthology of women's writing on sex, 1870-1969
In memory of the mothers
Red Jenny : a life with Karl Marx
Mapping gendered routes and spaces in the early modern world
Examines women's lives in prehistory, ancient Sumer, Egypt, China, India, Peru, Mexico, Greece, and Rome. Also depicts how women's relationship to Judaism, Christianity, and Islam changed for good and ill over the centuries.
Women's activism : global perspectives from the 1890s to the present
Lift up thy voice : the Grimké family's journey from slaveholders to civil rights leaders
Sparta, which existed from 800 B.C. until A.D. 200, was renowned in the ancient world as a stoic and martial city-state, and most of what we know about Sparta concerns its military history and male-dominated social structure. Yet Spartan women were in many ways among the most liberated of the ancient world, receiving formal instruction in poetry, music, dance, and physical education. And the most famous of mythic Greek women, Helen of Troy, was originally a Spartan. Written by one of the leading authorities on women in antiquity, Spartan Women seeks to reconstruct the lives and the world of Sparta's women, including how their legal status changed over time and how they held on to their surprising autonomy.
The female malady : women, madness, and English culture 1830-1980
Women's roles in ancient civilizations : a reference guide
This book presents a collection of over 60 primary source documents that illuminate the diverse experiences of women during different time periods in America. It offers a balanced approach to women's experiences by representing a diversity of voices and by focusing on the four themes of work, citizenship, representations, and domestic lives. It concentrates on a 120-year span of history rather than the entire sweep of time from the colonial age to the present. Also included are an introduction, document headnotes and questions at the end of each chapter designed to encourage students to engage with the material critically.
Women in Turkey and the new millenium
Policing prostitution in nineteenth-century Paris
Women of the world : the rise of the female diplomat
Time frames : negotiating cultural history
Women of the Golden Age : an international debate on women in seventeenth-century Holland, England and Italy
Eighteenth-century women : an anthology
Flappers : six women of a dangerous generation
Women of ideas and what men have done to them : from Aphra Behn to Adrienne Rich
Women artists between the wars : "a fair field and no favour"
The Finnish woman
"The fall and restoration of Elin Tönnesdotter" : land, noble property strategies and the law in early seventeenth-century Sweden
French connections : voices from the women's movement in France
Women in American history since 1880 : a documentary reader
From workshop to warfare : the lives of medieval women
Notable women in world history : a guide to recommended biographies and autobiographies
Women in American history to 1880 : a documentary reader
Women in modern America : a brief history
Agente : female secret agents in world wars, cold wars and civil wars
Reclaiming a conversation : the ideal of the educated women
A cultural history of women. Vol. 4, In the Age of Enlightenment
The remembrances of Elizabeth Freke, 1671-1714
Women's writing, 1778-1838 : an anthology
Gender, cult, and culture in the ancient world from Mycenae to Byzantium : proceedings of the second Nordic symposium on gender and women's history in Antiquity Helsinki 20-22 October 2000
Women, clubs and associations in Britain
"A dream of liberty" : Constance Markievicz's vision of Ireland, 1908-1927
Northern insights : feminist inquiries into politics of place, knowledge and agency
Assessing the role of women in Ireland between 1500 and 1800 - a period of considerable social and economic change, this volume examines Irish women in their domestic, political and religious activities. It looks at prejudices against women in the medical texts of the period; women's experience of education; the impact upon women of Gaelic law; women and childbirth; and the different opportunities offered by Catholicism and Protestantism, amongst other subjects.
