http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10497 criticism of religion
criticism of religion
The rejection of Pascal's wager : a skeptic's guide to the Bible and the historical Jesus
God : the failed hypothesis ; how science shows that God does not exist
The gospel of the flying spaghetti monster
Edward Said and the religious effects of culture
The Dawkins delusion? : atheist fundamentalism and the denial of the divine
For God's sake : religion, atheism and why I gave them up
Why I became an atheist : a former preacher rejects Christianity
Science and religion : from conflict to conversation
God, humanity and the cosmos : a textbook in science and religion
Feuerbach and the interpretation of religion
Atheists : a groundbreaking study of America's nonbelievers
Theology beyond representation : Foucault, Deleuze and the phantasms of theological thinking
"Sota jumalaa vastaan" : religion within Finnish black metal
Theology, ideology, and liberation : towards a liberative theology
The gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster
Faith versus fact : why science and religion are incompatible
Is eastern orthodoxy Christian?
Religion in the USSR : the truth and falsehood
Marxist criticism of the Bible
What is secular humanism?
Why I am not a Christian : and other essays on religion and related subjects
The best-selling author of Why Evolution Is True discusses the negative role of religion in education, politics, medicine and social policy, explaining how religion cannot provide verifiable or responsible answers to world problems.
Universal burdens : stories of (un)freedom from the Unitarian Universalist Association, The MOVE Organization, and Taqwacore
Against all gods : six polemics on religion and an essay on kindness
The critical theory of religion : the Frankfurt School : from universal pragmatic to political theology
Everything you know about god is wrong
Contemporary critiques of religion
The young atheist's handbook : lessons for living a good life without God
Reading spiritualities : constructing and representing the sacred
Anatheism : returning to God after God
The missionaries
Nietzsche against the crucified
Discussion on scientific atheism as a Soviet science 1960-1985
Spook : science tackles the afterlife
Scepticisme, clandestinité et libre pensée = Scepticism, clandestinity and free-thinking : Actes de la Table rondes organisées à Dublin dans le cadre du Congrès des Lumières (Tenth International Congress on the Enlightenment, 26-27 juillet 1999)
The Machiavellian reformation : an essay in political theory
A new Christianity for a new world : why traditional faith is dying and how a new faith is being born
Atheism and perestroika
A humorous look at intelligent design as presented through the religious beliefs of "Pastafarianism." It argues that the Flying Spaghetti Monster (FSM) is the real creator of the universe through a compilation of FSM scripture, observances, rites, and answers to the Big Questions of life
Be careful with Muhammad! : the Salman Rushdie affair
Re-understanding Islam : a double critique
Reason, grace, and sentiment : a study of the language of religion and ethics in England, 1660-1780. Vol. 1, Whichcote to Wesley
The exploration of the inner world : a study of mental disorder and religious experience
Looking for miracle : weeping icons, relics, stigmata, visions & healing cures
The essence of Christianity
Marxist analyses and social anthropology
Toward a sociology of irreligion
The myth of American religious freedom
The sea of faith
Waking up : a guide to spirituality without religion
You must change your life : on anthropotechnics
Atheist universe : the thinking person's answer to Christian fundamentalism
Me? I'm an atheist! : An atheits speaks to you, a christian
I sold my soul on eBay : viewing faith through an atheist's eyes
Explores how Islam can be reconciled with modernity to end terrorism, sectarian warfare and the repression of women and minorities
Religion without God
In the realm of the lotus : a conversation about art, beauty and the spiritual life
Points of view
Breaking the spell : religion as a natural phenomenon
Imagine there's no heaven : how atheism helped create the modern world
Christian criticisms, Islamic proofs : Rashīd Ridạ̄'s modernist defence of Islam
Melancholy duty : the Hume-Gibbon attack on Christianity
The God delusion
God : the failed hypothesis : how science shows that God does not exist
Culture and the death of God
Time to be rational : Darwin, demons, and sex
Why God won't go away : engaging with the new atheism
The Interpretation of the Old Testament in Greco-Roman paganism
The Gospel according to Renan : reading, writing, and religion in nineteenth-century France
Could not answer
Irreligion : a mathematician explains why the arguments for God just don't add up
Distorted imagination : lessons from the Rushdie affair
Religion and the new atheism : a critical appraisal
Decoding the language of God : can a scientist really be a believer? : a geneticist responds to Francis Collins
Disenchanting India : organized rationalism and criticism of religion in India
Antireligious propaganda in the Soviet Union : a study of mass persuasion
Marx on religion
Anthony Munday and the Catholics, 1560-1633
The new atheism : taking a stand for science and reason
Alpha god : the psychology of religious violence and oppression
Godless : how an Evangelical preacher became one of America's leading atheists
Nietzsche's anthropic circle : man, science, and myth
Why I rejected Christianity : a former apologist explains
Christianity through non-Christian eyes
Atheist manifesto : the case against Christianity, Judaism, and Islam
Why I am not a Christian and other essays on religion and related subjects
Sanctifying misandry : goddess ideology and the Fall of Man
Why I am not a Christian : four conclusive reasons to reject the faith
Taking leave of God
God is not great : how religion poisons everything
Life driven purpose : how an atheist finds meaning
Marlowe's literary scepticism : politic religion and post-reformation polemic
A humorous look at intelligent design as presented through the religious beliefs of "Pastafarianism." It argues that the Flying Spaghetti Monster (FSM) is the real creator of the universe through a compilation of FSM scripture, observances, rites, and answers to the Big Questions of life.
Stephen Jay Gould and the politics of evolution
Candle in the wind : religion in the Soviet Union
The secular outlook : in defense of moral and political secularism
Secularism and freedom of conscience
The secular Bible : why nonbelievers must take religion seriously
Heretic : why Islam needs a reformation now
Heretic :  why Islam needs a reformation now
The fracture of an illusion : science and the dissolution of religion : Frankfurt Templeton Lectures 2008
The end of faith : religion, terror, and the future of reason
Gospel fictions
Ancient religious wisdom, spirituality, and psychoanalysis
Christian no more : a personal journey of leaving Christianity and how you can leave too
In his major investigation into the nature of humans, Peter Sloterdijk presents a critique of myth - the myth of the return of religion. For it is not religion that is returning; rather, there is something else quite profound that is taking on increasing significance in the present: the human as a practising, training being, one that creates itself through exercises and thereby transcends itself. Rainer Maria Rilke formulated the drive towards such self-training in the early twentieth century in the imperative 'You must change your life'. In his major investigation into the nature of humans, Peter Sloterdijk presents a critique of myth - the myth of the return of religion. For it is not religion that is returning; rather, there is something else quite profound that is taking on increasing significance in the present: the human as a practising, training being, one that creates itself through exercises and thereby transcends itself. Rainer Maria Rilke formulated the drive towards such self-training in the early twentieth century in the imperative 'You must change your life'. In making his case for the expansion of the practice zone for individuals and for society as a whole, Sloterdijk develops a fundamental and fundamentally new anthropology. The core of his science of the human being is an insight into the self-formation of all things human. The activity of both individuals and collectives constantly comes back to affect them: work affects the worker, communication the communicator, feelings the feeler. It is those humans who engage expressly in practice that embody this mode of existence most clearly: farmers, workers, warriors, writers, yogis, rhetoricians, musicians or models. By examining their training plans and peak performances, this book offers a panorama of exercises that are necessary to be, and remain, a human being. -- Review: "Breathtaking ... A superb and wide-ranging analysis of those moderns who have refused to be pampered or to dwell in capitalist decadence." The Guardian "Make(s) it possible to begin to come to grips with Sloterdijk as a stirring and eclectic thinker, who addresses himself boldly to the most important problems of our age." New Republic "A tour de force that engages the history of philosophy, religion, and thought, both Western and Eastern, in ways that make you think deeply about the evolution of the human being these past few thousand years." Los Angeles Review of Books "Sloterdijk is both seriously learned and brilliantly creative, and he has a talent for wit. He deserves shelf-space alongside Nietzsche, Heidegger and Foucault." New Humanist "Sloterdijk has constructed in this beautiful text a supreme heterotopology - a place from which to think and see differently." Eduardo Mendieta, Stony Brook University "A challenging, powerful, and at times frustrating read. Sloterdijk ranges widely across literatures and topics, inspiring and provoking in equal measure. He is fortunate to have Wieland Hoban as his excellent translator. A very good antidote to the chicken-soup banalities of other life-changing philosophy." Stuart Elden, Durham University "Challenging the pious and self-righteous alarm of those who have declared war on the return to religion, Sloterdijk in his typically original irreverence argues that we cannot see today s religiosity as any sort of return. What is really at stake is the formation of the self through practices. Charting a path beyond liberal critiques of religion and post-secular pseudo-returns to spirit, Sloterdijk provides a genuinely twenty-first century approach to the problem of life-formation. This book opens up new ways of thinking about life after humanism without lapsing into the simple affirmations of the post-human." Claire Colebrook, Penn State University "Peter Sloterdijk has assembled in this book the most amazing series of practices invented in history to hold humans souls suspended to a virtual hook slightly above their head. The result is a totally original analysis of religion by the most important philosopher or rather educator of today." Bruno Latour, Ecole des mines, Paris
Oracles of science : celebrity scientists versus God and religion
Sigmund Freud and his critique of religion
Against religion, wars, and states : the case for enlightenment atheism, just war pacifism, and liberal-democratic anarchism
"Anti-religious" narratives in Japanese videogames : how institutional religion is depicted in two JRPG titles from the Final Fantasy series
The wife of Jesus : ancient texts and modern scandals
The edge of reason? : science and religion in modern society
