http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10473 military command
military command military command (action)
Oliver Cromwell, soldier : the military life of a revolutionary at war
Lawrence in Arabia : war, deceit, imperial folly and the making of the modern Middle East
Mannerheim without the mask 1940-1944
Warfare in medieval Brabant, 1356-1406
Deadpool's art of war
Finest years : Churchill as warlord
Winston's war : Churchill, 1940-1945
Sunzi : the art of war ; Sun Bin : the art of war
Sunzi bingfa ; Sun Bin bingfa = Sunzi: the art of war ; Sun Bin: the art of war
Dictators at war and peace
Sun Tzu's the art of war plus its amazing secrets
Deadpool's Art of war
Why leaders choose war : the psychology of prevention
Supreme command : soldiers, statesmen, and leadership in wartime
Sun Tzu : the ultimate master of war
A comparison of Sun Tzu military philosophy with modern strategic management in hospitality
The war aims and strategies of Adolf Hitler
The gamble : General David Petraeus and the American military adventure in Iraq, 2006-2008
The art of war / by Sun Tzu ; translated from Chinese by Lionel Giles in 1910.
In the name of Rome : the men who won the Roman empire
The Experience of World War I
The Iraq war : strategy, tactics, and military lessons
Hitler's war directives 1939-1945
Moral issues in military decision making
Buffalo Bill and the indians
Strategic thinking : an introduction and farewell
The Roman army. : the greatest war machine of the ancient world
The Hitler options : alternate decisions of World War II
Pre-eminent military historian Max Hastings presents Winston Churchill as he has never been seen before. Winston Churchill was the greatest war leader Britain ever had. In 1940, the nation rallied behind him in an extraordinary fashion. But thereafter, argues Max Hastings, there was a deep divide between what Churchill wanted from the British people and their army, and what they were capable of delivering. Himself a hero, he expected others to show themselves heroes also, and was often disappointed. It is little understood how low his popularity fell in 1942, amid an unbroken succession of battlefield defeats. Some of his closest colleagues joined a clamour for him to abandon his role directing the war machine. Hastings paints a wonderfully vivid image of the Prime Minister in triumph and tragedy. He describes the 'second Dunkirk' in 1940, when Churchill's impulsiveness threatened to lose Britain almost as many troops in north-west France as had been saved from the beaches; his wooing of the Americans, and struggles with the Russians. British wartime unity was increasingly tarnished by workers' unrest, with many strikes in mines and key industries. By looking at Churchill from the outside in, through the eyes of British soldiers, civilians and newspapers, and also those of Russians and Americans, Hastings provides new perspectives on the greatest Englishman. He condemns as folly Churchill's attempt to promote mass uprisings in occupied Europe, and details 'Unthinkable', his amazing 1945 plan for an Allied offensive against the Russians to liberate Poland. Here is an intimate and affectionate portrait of Churchill as Britain's saviour, but also an unsparing examination of the wartime nation which he led and the performance of its armed forces.
Churchill and war
The art of war
The Seven military classics of ancient China = [Wu jing qi shu]
The art of war = [Sunzi bing fa]
Masters and commanders : how four titans won the war in the west, 1941-1945
This work is the most famous study of military strategy ever written and has had an extraordinary influence on the history of warfare. Its principles were used by Mao Tse-tung, General Vo Ngyuen Giap, and Admiral Isoroku Yamamoto. First translated two hundred years ago, it has been credited with influencing Napoleon, the German general staff, and even the planning for Operation Desert Storm. Today, Western businessmen and other are turning to it for inspiration and advice on how to succeed in competitive situations of all kinds. Unlike other editions currently available, this translation make use of the best available classical Chinese manuscripts, including the ancient tomb text version discovered by archaeologists at Linyi, China. The author places this classic work of strategy in its proper historical context by supplying a portrait of Sun-Tzu's era and outlining several battles of the period that may have either influenced him or been conducted by him.
Stalin and the Soviet-Finnish war 1939-1940
Ending the Vietnam War : a history of America's involvement in and extrication from the Vietnam War
Abstract and original papers in English.
Sunzi bingfa = The Art of war
Military strategy : principles, practices, and historical perspectives
Sun Tzu's The art of war : bilingual edition with complete Chinese and English text
Stalin's Wars : From World War to Cold War, 1939-1953
The art of war : the definitive interpretation of Sun Tzu's classic book on strategy for the martial artist
Bush at war
The wiles of war : 36 military strategies from ancient China
At Hitler's side : the memoirs of Hitler's Luftwaffe adjutant, 1937-1945
Zhukov : the rise and fall of a great captain
Stalin's folly : the secret history of German invasion of Russia, June 1941
Churchill's Bunker : The Secret Headquarters at the Heart of Britain's Victory
How to make war : a comprehensive guide to modern warfare in the twenty-first century
Inside Hitler's headquarters 1939-45
The Complete art of war
Overconfidence and war : the havoc and glory of positive illusions
