http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10439 toy industry
toy industry
The illustrated history of antiques : the essential reference for all antique lovers and collectors
The world of lego toys
Barbie and Ruth : the story of the world's most famous doll and the woman who created her
50 years of the Lego brick
Britain's toy car wars : Dinky vs Corgi vs Matchbox
Millennial monsters : Japanese toys and the global imagination
The golden age of toys
The teddy bear encyclopedia
Collecting the 1960s
1000 tin toys
How to prepare for increasing international competition : Case: Toy business in Finland
Brick by brick : how LEGO rewrote the rules of innovation and conquered the global toy history
Playing them false : a study of childrenś toys, games and puzzles
Jumeau, prince of dollmakers
Dinky toys & modelled miniatures 1931-1979
Wooden horses of Sweden : from folk art to national symbol
Entertainment industry economics : a guide for financial analysis
Lego Star Wars visual dictionary
Go Inside the LEGO Like You've Never Seen. With insider access, Brick by Brick reveals how LEGO- faced with the growing rage for electronic toys, few barriers to entry for competitors, and ultra demanding consumers (ten-year-old boys)- reinvented the innovation rule book and transformed itself into one of the world's most profitable, fastest-growing companies. Learn how LEGO's leaders resolve the trade-offs confronting every organization: How do you give people the room to innovate while retaining focus? How do you allow autonomy while ensuring accountability? How do you deliver over the short term while building for the long term? Whether you're a senior executive looking to make your company grow, an entrepreneur building a start-up from scratch, or a fan who wants to instill some of that LEGO magic in your career, Brick by Brick will teach you how to build your own innovation advantage, brick by brick.
Star heroes collector 2006 : internationale version 2006.
Playmobil : the story of a smile
Collecting the 1950s.. Madeleine Marsh
Miller's collecting the 1960s
Brick by brick : how Lego rewrote the rules of innovation and conquered the global toy industry
The new great book of Corgi 1956-2010
Brick by brick : how LEGO rewrote the rules of innovation and conquered the global toy industry
Toys, consumption, and middle-class childhood in imperial Germany, 1871-1918
Agile Supply Demand Networks approach to optimize inventory and reduce lead time : study by ASDN software
Kids' stuff : toys and the changing world of American childhood
The man who changed how boys and toys were made
Strategies of social screen play(ers) across the ecosystem of play: toys, games and hybrid social play in technologically mediated playscapes
Toy monster : the big, bad world of Mattel
The compelling story of the Danish family-owned Lego toy company in the 2000s. The company had enjoyed decades of success before its inability to keep in step with a rapidly changing market brought it crashing to earth in 2003. This book describes the story of the subsequent extraordinary business recovery.
The collector's encyclopedia of toys and dolls
By Southern hands : a celebration of craft traditions in the South
