http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1041 icons (role)
icons (role)
Hollywood beyond the screen : design and material culture
How to be a heroine : or, What I've learned from reading too much
François Truffaut and friends : modernism, sexuality, and film adaptation
Classicism of the 1920's and the classical tradition in Finland
Supergods : what masked vigilantes, miraculous mutants, and a sun god from Smallville can teach us about being human
Sacred earth, sacred stones
Crusoe : Daniel Defoe, Robert Knox and the creation of a myth
An illustrated exploration of the ancient world looks at the cultures of Mesopotamia, the Near East, Egypt, Persia, prehistoric Europe, Greece, the Roman world, India, China, and the Americas.
Mona Lisa to Marge : how the world's greatest artworks entered popular culture
Dancing at the dawn of agriculture
The art of scandal : modernism, libel law, and the roman à clef
Celebrity endorsement as form of brand alliance : Case: Jamie Oliver and Sainsbury's supermarkets Ltd
Sea rex : journey to a prehistoric world
Beyond the looking glass : reflections of Alice and her family
Saints and sanctity
Fifty fashion looks that changed the 1970s
The lost art of dress : the women who once made America stylish
Growing up with Audrey Hepburn : text, audience, resonance
Perfect wives in ideal homes : the story of women in the 1950s
Novyj Amsterdam : Sankt-Peterburg i arhitekturnye obrazy Niderlandov = New Amsterdam : St. Petersburg and Architectural images of the Netherlands
Turner inspired in the light of Claude
Fifty fashion looks that changed the 1990s
Sport in the mirror of the values
Fashionisto : a century of style icons
The book of heroes : tales of history's most daring dudes
Icons of women's style
The Hemingway women
The association between parental images and satisfaction in intimate relationships in a Northern Finland sample
Brave George and the dragon
The dawn of belief : religion in the upper Paleolithic of southwestern Europe
Butterflies, flowers. Vol. 2
Material engagements : studies in honour of Colin Renfrew
Butterflies, flowers. Vol. 3
Fifty fashion looks that changed the 1960s
The hunger games. [3], Mockingjay
Scenes from deep time : early pictorial representations of the prehistoric world
How brands become icons : the principles of cultural branding
Tintin : the complete companion
The man who was George Smiley : the life of John Bingham
How to be a heroine : or, what I've learned from reading too much
Out of orange : a memoir
The real Sherlock Holmes : the hidden story of Jerome Caminada
The time of the assassins : a study of Rimbaud
The stylist
Perceptions of body
Katniss Everdeen's having survived the Hunger games twice makes her a target of the Capitol and President Snow, as well as a hero to the rebels who will succeed only if Katniss is willing to put aside her personal feelings and serve as their pawn.
The Image of Aleksandr Nevskiy in medieval Russia : warrior and saint
Butterflies, flowers. Vol. 1
Cognition and material culture : the archaeology of symbolic storage
Fifty fashion looks that changed the 1950s
30 millennia of sculpture
The antiquity of the Italian nation : the cultural origins of a political myth in modern Italy, 1796-1943
Northern Byzantine icons
Paint like Renoir : unlock the secrets of the master of Impressionism
Black count : glory, revolution, betrayal, and the real count of Monte Cristo
The story of Alice : Lewis Carroll and the secret history of Wonderland
A history of ancient Britain
Art of X-ray reading : how the secrets of 25 great works of literature will improve your writing
Modernism, nature, tradition : Aalto's mythical landscapes
Image and audience : rethinking prehistoric art
Larousse encyclopedia of prehistoric and ancient art
Steal her style : fashion icons and how to get their look
Some empirical findings on location of informal farm leaders in a rural community in Central Finland
Islands of eight million smiles : idol performance and symbolic production in contemporary Japan
The best man
Debating literature's greatest heroines with a friend, playwright Samantha Ellis has a revelation--"My whole life, I'd been trying to be Cathy, when I should have been trying to be Jane." With this discovery, she embarks on a retrospective look at the literary ladies--the characters and the writers--whom she has loved since childhood. From early obsessions with the March sisters to later idolizations of Sylvia Plath, Ellis evaluates how her heroines stack up today. And, just as she excavates the stories of her favorite characters, Ellis also shares a frank, often humorous account of her own life growing up in a tight-knit Iraqi Jewish community in London. Reflecting on the girls, the women, and the books that she loves the most, here a life-long reader explores how these heroines have shaped all of our lives.
Leading at the edge : leadership lessons from the extraordinary saga of Shackleton's Antarctic expedition
A travel guide to Homer : on the trail of Odysseus through Turkey and the Mediterranean
Venice : Canaletto and his rivals
Four stories of superwomen : manifestations of feminine charasteristics in succesful leading of animation productions
Royal style : a history of aristocratic fashion icons
How Russia shaped the modern world : from art to anti-semitism, ballet to Bolshevism
Archer has four important role models in his life - his dad, his grandfather, his uncle Paul, and his favorite teacher, Mr. McLeod. When Uncle Paul and Mr. McLeod get married, Archer's sixth-grade year becomes one he'll never forget. --
Bugs before time : prehistoric insects and their relatives
Describes the physical characteristics, habits, and natural environment of various prehistoric insects some of which, including cockroaches, centipedes, and dragonflies, have survived into the present day.
The digital renaissance : old-master techniques in Painter and Photoshop
A place in the country : on Gottfied Keller, Johann Peter Hebel, Robert Walser and others
Imitation and education : a philosophical inquiry into learning by example
"Regardless of all external influences, it is still I who create my own works [...] All beauty only serves to enrich us." : notes on Helene Schjerfbeck's relationship with works by other painters, particularly El Greco / Leena Ahtola-Moorhouse
The ultimate business guru book : 50 thinkers who made management
French, Dutch and Flemish Caravaggesque paintings from the Koelliker Collection : part II : [Rabilant + Voena], London, 28 November - 19 December 2007 / preface by Pierre Rosenberg ; contributions by Wayne Franits ... [et al.]
The atlas of the ancient world : charting the great civilizations of the past
The natural world of Winnie-the-Pooh : exploring the real landscapes of the Hundred Acre Wood
Aunt Sass : Christmas stories
Grace Kelly style
Shakespeare's Ovid : the Metamorphoses in the plays and poems
The return to Camelot : chivalry and the English gentleman
Bento's sketchbook
Soldier heroes : British adventure, empire and the imagining of masculinities
