http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10481 religious development
religious development
Descent into chaos : the United States and the failure of nation building in Pakistan, Afghanistan, and Central Asia
Religious experiences of children and young people : some research results and problems
Gandhi : my life is my message
An approach to the psychology of religion
Religious development in childhood and adolescence
Godly Play : an imaginative approach to religious education
Children in the Church today : an Orthodox perspective
The spiritual hunger of the modern child : a series of the lectures
The reality and spirituality of life in the universe
Invoking the spirit : religion and spirituality in the quest for a sustainable world
Studies in cognitive development : essays in honor of Jean Piaget
International journal of children's spirituality
Journeys into emptiness : Dôgen, Merton, Jung and the quest for transformation
Beyond all reasonable doubt
International handbook of education for spirituality, care and wellbeing. Part 1 and 2
Inspiring progress : religions' contributions to sustainable development
Faith in development : partnership between the World Bank and the churches of Africa
Born believers : the science of childhood religion belief
Ritual and religion in the making of humanity
Muslim childhood : religious nurture in a European context
Predictors of Christian world views : an attachment theoretical approach
Becoming sinners : Christianity and moral torment in a Papua New Guinea society
International handbook of education for spirituality, care and wellbeing. Part 2
Emotions between the self and the world
Issues in religious education
Handbook of research on development and religion
The changing religious landscape of Europe
God and the philosophers : the reconcilation of faith and reason
Religious development in childhood and youth : an empirical study
Magic and the millennium : a sociological study of religious movements of protest among tribal and Third-World peoples
Warring souls : youth, media, and martyrdom in post-revolution Iran
The spiritual life of children
Religious innovation in a global age : essays on the construction of spirituality
This collection adds to a burgeoning literature concerned with the roles played by religions in development. The authors do not assume that religion and religious organisations can be 'used' to achieve development objectives, or that religiously inspired development work is more holistic, transformative and authentic. Instead, they subject such assumptions to critical and (as far as possible) objective scrutiny, focusing on how adherents of several religious traditions and a variety of organisations affiliated with different religions perceive the idea of development and attempt to contribute to its objectives. Geographically, chapters in the volume encompass Africa, South Asia and the Asia-Pacific. Four of the papers have an international focus: providing a preliminary framework for analysing the role of religion in development, considering the roles played by faith-inspired organisations in two regions (the Asia Pacific and Sub-Saharan Africa) and analysing transnational Muslim NGOs. The individual case studies focus on nine countries (India, Kenya, Pakistan, Nigeria, Tanzania, Sudan, Malawi, Sri Lanka, South Africa), consider four religions (Islam, Hinduism, Christianity, Buddhism), and can be grouped under four themes: they consider religion, wellbeing and inequality; the roles of religious NGOs in development; whether and how religious organisations influence, respond to or resist social change; and whether religious service providers reach the poor. Finally, practice notes show how three religious development organisations try to put their principles into practice. This book was published as a special double issue of Development in Practice.
Dividing politics along sectarian lines in Lebanon : the religious subject in Lebanese politics
Pentecostalism and development : churches, NGOs and social change in Africa
Siena, civil religion and the Sienese
Religion in a changing world : comparative studies in sociology
Imagining the impossible : magical, scientific, and religious thinking in children
The spirit of the child
New perspectives in Caribbean tourism
Rashid examines the region and the corridors of power in Washington and Europe to see how the promised nation building in these countries has progressed. His conclusions are devastating: an unstable and nuclear-armed Pakistan, a renewed al Qaeda profiting from a booming opium trade, and a Taliban resurgence and reconquest. While Iraq continues to attract most of American media and military might, Rashid argues that Pakistan and Afghanistan are where the conflict will finally be played out and that these failing states pose a graver threat to global security than the Middle East. - From publisher description.
Why we believe what we believe : uncovering our biological need for meaning, spirituality, and truth
Young children and spirituality
Becoming adult, becoming Christian : adult development and Christian faith
Between buddhism and christianity : spirituality in Desolation angels by Jack Kerouac
The thorn birds
Intersecting identities: young people, religion and interaction on the internet
Nine lives : in search of the sacred in modern India
Author Matt J. Rossano provides an evolutionary history of religion, beginning with the social lives of our primate ancestors. This book makes the case that religion is adaptive; that it is essential to morality; that childhood imagination provides its raw materials, and that it is the very essence of what it means to be human.
The short day dying
The arrival of the Reformation was the decisive impetus for literary development in Finland. The principle of Lutheranism was that the people had to get to hear and read the word of God in their own mother tongue. If there previously was no literary language, it had to be created. The first Finnish books were produced by Mikael Agricola. He was born an ordinary son of a farmer, but his dedication to his studies opened up the road to leading roles in the Finnish Church. He was able to bring a total of nine works in Finnish to print, which became the foundation of literary Finnish. This book describes the historical background of Mikael Agricola, his life, his personal networks, the Finnish works published by Agricola, research on Agricola and Agricolas role in contemporary Finnish culture. The most extensive chapter is a depiction of Agricolas Finnish. The book was written with a broad audience in mind, as a work of non-fiction for anyone interested in these subjects.
After God : the future of religion
In February 2008, the Archbishop of Canterbury, Dr Rowan Williams, delivered a public lecture in which he stated that it seem[ed] unavoidable that certain aspects of Islamic law (Shari'a) would be recognized and incorporated into British law. The comments provoked outrage from sections of the public who viewed any recognition of Shari'a law in Britain with alarm. In July 2008 Lord Phillips, Lord Chief Justice of England and Wales, weighed into the fray. He praised the Archbishop's speech and gave qualified support for Shari'a principles to govern certain family and civil disputes. Responding to the polarised debate that followed these lectures, this is a collection of short essays written by distinguished and prominent scholars addressing the question of the accommodation of Shari'a within the legal systems of the liberal-democratic West. The matters raised in the two 2008 lectures provide a springboard for lively discussion, criticism and debate on both the specific question of religious/cultural accommodation by the law and the wider issues of multiculturalism, equality before the law and the desirability of parallel jurisdictions for particular faith communities. Leading scholars from a range of countries and academic disciplines, and representing different political viewpoints and faith traditions explore the complex issues surrounding the legal recognition of religious faith in a multicultural society. The volume aims to stimulate further thought on a complex issue, and to open up new pathways for policymakers and civil society institutions grappling with the relationship between Shari'a and Western legal systems.
Spreading the written word : Mikael Agricola and the birth of literary Finnish
Heretic :  why Islam needs a reformation now
Greening our built world : costs, benefits, and strategies
Shari'a in the west
The expansion of Latin Europe, 1000-1500.. Volume 1, The Medieval frontiers of Latin christendom : expansion, contraction, continuity
Supernatural selection : how religion evolved
Today, Hirsi Ali argues, the world's 1.6 billion Muslims can be divided into a minority of extremists, a majority of observant but peaceable Muslims, and a few dissidents who risk their lives by questioning their own religion. But there is only one Islam, and as Hirsi Ali shows, there is no denying that some of its key teachings -- not least the duty to wage holy war -- inspire violence not just in the Muslim world but in the West as well. For centuries it has seemed that Islam is immune to historical change. But Hirsi Ali is surprisingly optimistic. She has come to believe that a Muslim "Reformation" -- a revision of Islamic doctrine aimed at reconciling the religion with modernity -- is at hand, and may even already have begun. Partly in response to the barbaric atrocities of Islamic State and Boko Haram, Muslims around the world have at last begun to speak out for religious reform. Meanwhile, events in the West, such as the shocking Charlie Hebdo massacre, have forced Western liberals to recognize that political Islam poses a mortal threat to free speech. Yet neither Muslim reformers nor Western liberals have so far been able to articulate a coherent program for a Muslim Reformation. This is where Heretic comes in. Boldly challenging centuries of theological orthodoxy, Ayaan Hirsi Ali proposes five key amendments to Islamic doctrine that Muslims must make if they are to bring their religion out of the seventh century and into the twenty-first. She also calls upon the Western world to end its appeasement of radical Islamists -- and to drop the bogus argument that those who stand up to them are guilty of "Islamophobia." It is the Muslim reformers who need our backing, she argues, not the opponents of free speech. Interweaving her own experiences, historical analogies, and powerful examples from contemporary Muslim societies and cultures, Heretic is not so much a call to arms as a passionate plea for peaceful change and a new era of globa
Oranges are not the only fruit
Families and faith : how religion is passed down across generations
Theologies of liberation and reconstruction : essays in honour of professor J. N. K. Mugambi, Ph.D
Journey into Islam : the crisis of globalization
Summary: 253-259.
Liberation and Orthodoxy : The Promise and Failures of Interconfessional Dialogue ; Yacob Tesfai
Heretic : why Islam needs a reformation now
Explores how Islam can be reconciled with modernity to end terrorism, sectarian warfare and the repression of women and minorities
Religion in the developing personality : proceedings of the Second Academy Symposium 1958.
Darwin and God
Abstract.
Participatory learning : religious education in a globalizing society
Markets, civil society and democracy in Kenya
Religious transition in Russia
Human identity at the intersection of science, technology, and religion
With 80% of the world's population profesing religious faith, religious belief is a common human characteristic. The sacred texts of each of the world's major religions exhort believers to live a righteous life, including responding to poverty and assisting those with less. This handbook highlights the value of incorporating religion into development studies literature and research.
Audarya-lila : the death of Tuomas Mäkinen
Virtual light
Modern Islamic political thought : the response of the Shī'ī and Sunnī Muslims to the twentieth century
Women's faith development : patterns and processes
Journey of civilisation : the late Iron Age view of the human world
A history of Pakistan and its origins
Psychological studies on spiritual and religious development
Growing up religious : Christians and Jews and their journeys of faith
Where hope grows
The measurement of religious development in childhood and adolescence : measuring instruments used in the empirical research project
Development, civil society and faith-based organisations : bridging the sacred and the secular
The religious lives of older laywomen : the last active Anglican generation
World megatrends : towards the renewal of humanity
Religion inside and outside traditional institutions
The impersonal life
Religion, religious organisations and development : scrutinising religious perceptions and organisations
Orangemen and Freemasons : Masonic influences on the organization, ideology, symbols and rituals of the early Orange order in Ireland, 1795-1836
