http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10441 pesticides
pesticides biocides
Trial report : herbicides and plant growth regulators
Principles and practices of method validation
Metabolic maps : pesticides, environmentally relevant molecules, and biologically active molecules
Timber pests and their control
Effects of pesticide use and cultivation techniques on ground beetles (Col., Carabidae) in cereal fields
Pesticide Residues in Food 2009 : report of the Joint Meeting of the FAO Panel of Experts on Pesticide residues in food and the Environment and the WHO Core Assessment Group on Pesticide Residues Geneva, Switzerland, 16-25 September 2009.
Crop protection agents from nature : natural products and analogues
Report of the 31th Meeting of the Working Party on Plant Protection Products : Jersey/Guernsey, 2001-06-08 = Rapport de la 31ème réunion du Groupe de travail sur les produits phytosanitaire
Comparison of predictive models for pesticide operator exposure
Establishing a Nordic pesticide monitoring network
Guidelines for pest risk analysis
Efficacy of fungicide tebuconazole in barley varieties with different resistance level
Pesticides and freshwater fauna
Pesticides and human welfare
Pesticides in ground water : distribution, trends, and governing factors
Biochemical toxicology of insecticides
Pesticides in world agriculture : the politics of international regulation
Herbicidförsök i äppleodling 1975-1979 = A trial with herbicides in an apple orchard 1975-1979
Rapport de la 21e réunion du Groupe de travail sur les produits phytosanitaires = Report of the 21st Meeting of the Working Party on Plant Protection Products : Larkollen (NO), 1991-10-15/18
Proceedings of the XIth International Symposium on Processing Tomato : Toronto, Canada, June 9-11, 2008
The death of Ramón González : the modern agricultural dilemma
The control of insect pests in oil seed rape : deltamethrin file
Increased adult susceptibility to neurotoxic pesticides : dependence on neonatal exposure
A cloud over Bhopal : causes, consequences, and constructive solutions
The complete book of pesticide management : science, regulation, stewardship, and communication
Manual on the development and use of FAO specifications for plant protection products
Residue analyses of the official testing of pesticides 1989
Pesticide application methods
Pesticide Residues in Food 2008 : report of the Joint Meeting of the FAO Panel of Experts on Pesticide residues in food and the Environment and the WHO Core Assessment Group on Pesticide Residues Rome, Italy, 9-18 September 2008.
International code of conduct on the distribution and use of pesticides
Effect of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi and pesticides on Cynara cardunculus growth
Turf management for golf courses
The management of fungicide resistance in cereals in Finland
Behaviour of pesticides in the soil environment : a collection of papers from the 4th International workshop on chemical, biological and ecotoxicological behaviour of pesticides in the soil environment, 29-31 May, 1991, Rome, Italy
Occupational hazards of pesticide use
Pesticide residues in food 1993 : evaluations : joint meeting of the FAO Panel of Experts on Pesticide Residues in Food and the Environment and the WHO Expert Group on Pesticide Residues, Geneva, 20-29 September 1993. Part 1, Residues
European directory of agrochemical products. Vol. 2, Herbicides
Analytical methods for pesticides and plant growth regulators. Vol. 13, Synthetic pyrethroids and other pesticides
The Business of Bees provided the first integrated account of diminishing bee populations, as well as other pollinators, from an interdisciplinary perspective. It explores the role of corporate responsibility and governance as they relate to this critical issue and examines what the impact will be on consumers, companies, stock markets and ultimately on global society if bee populations continue to decline at a dangerous rate. The book considers the issue of global bee population decline from a variety of disciplines, collecting the perspectives of academics in accounting, science and humanities, with those of practitioners in the finance industry. The chapters explore the impact of the rapid declines in pollinator populations on the natural world, on corporations, on the stock market and on accounting. The Business of Bees will be essential reading for those in academia, business and finance sectors and anyone invested in the future of our planet.
Impact of use of neonicotinoid insecticides on honey bees in the cultivation on spring oilseed crops in Finland : interim report
Floriculture and the environment : growing flowers without methyl bromide
Molecular characterisation of glyphosate complexes in aqueous solution and at the solution-mineral interface
Acute toxicity of birch tar oil on aquatic organisms
Pesticides in the modern world : a symposium prepared by members of the cooperative programme of agro-allied industries with FAO and other United Nations organizations
Pesticide sales in Finland in 1998.
Case studies on alternatives to methyl bromide : technologies with low environmental impact
Pharmacological and chemical synonyms : a collection of names of drugs, pesticides and other compounds drawn from the medical literature of the world
Weed control handbook: principles
Production practices and quality assessment of food crops. Vol. 2, Plant mineral nutrition and pesticide management
Pesticide residues in food 2006 : joint meeting of the FAO Panel of Experts on Pesticide Residues in Food and the Environment and the WHO Core Assessment Group, Rome, Italy, 3-12 October 2006 : evaluations. Part 1, volume 1, Residues
Insecticides in agriculture and environment : retrospects and prospects
Pesticide residues in food 2006 : joint FAO/WHO meeting on pesticide residues : report of the Joint Meeting of the FAO Panel of Experts on Pesticide Residues in Food and the Environment and the WHO Core Assessment Group on Pesticide Residues, Rome, Italy, 3-12 October 2006.
Development of commercial wood preservatives : efficacy, environmental, and health issues
Prevention of environmental pollution from agricultural activity
Guidelines on minimum requirements for agricultural pesticide application equipment. Vol.3, Portable (operator-carried) foggers
Nutritional disorders of plants : development, visual and analytical diagnosis
The international code of conduct on pesticide management
Analytical methods for pesticides and plant growth regulators. Vol. 15, Principles, statistics and applications
Crystalline forms of selected agrochemical actives : design and synthesis of cocrystals
The impact of the use of neonicotinoid insecticides on honey bees in the cultivation of spring oilseed crops in Finland in 2013-2015 : final report
The business of bees : an integrated approach to bee decline and corporate responsibility
The gardener's guide to common-sense pest control
Modern crop protection compounds. Volume 3, Insecticides
Residue analyses of the official testing of pesticides 1992-1993
Pesticides 1988 : pesticides approved under the control of pesticides regulations 1986.
Farm chemicals handbook 1988 : buyers' guide, application equipment, fertilizer trade names, fertilizer dictionary, pesticide dictionary
Midterm review of the national integrated pest management programme in Nepal, phase II
Methyl bromide alternatives for north African and southern European countries
Chemical food safety : a scientist's perspective
Handbook on methyl bromide : data reporting under the Montreal Protocol
Report of the 34th Meeting of the Working Party on Plant Protection Products : Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan, 2004-05-18/20 = Rapport de la 34ème réunion du Groupe de travail sur les produits phytosanitaires : Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan, 2004-05-18/20
Control of nursery diseases and pests in Finnish forest tree nurseries
Pesticide residues in food : methods of analysis and sampling
Chlorinated insecticides. Volume 2, Biological and environmental aspecs
Designing national pesticide legislation
Do we listen to earthworms? : tools for evaluating the Finnish Action Plan on the sustainable use of plant protection products
Saving the planet with pesticides and plastics : the environmental triumph of high-yield farming
Chemical pesticide markets, health risks and residues
Weed control handbook : issued by the British Weed Control Council
Analytical methods for pesticides and plant growth regulators. 7, Thin-layer and liquid chromatography and analyses of pesticides of international importance
Herbicides : chemistry, degradation, and mode of action. Volume 1.
Chemistry and uses of insecticides
History and consequences of migrations, changes in epidemiology and population structure of potato late blight, Phytophthora infestans, in Finland from 1845 to 2011
Pesticide manual : basic information on the chemicals used as active components of pesticides
Insect, fungus and weed control
Insect repellents : principles, methods and uses
Proceedings of the Ist Balkan Symposium on Fruit Growing : Plovdiv, Bulgaria, November 15-17, 2007
Importance of crop protection emphasized in the wet summer of 1998.
Pharmacokinetics : defining dosimetry for risk assessment : March 4-5, 1992, Washington, DC
Analytical methods for pesticides and plant growth regulators. Vol. 12, High-performance liquid chromatography of pesticides
Report of the 30th Meeting of the Working Party on Plant Protection Products : Brno, CZ, 2000-05-10/12 = Rapport de la 30ème réunion du Groupe de travail sur les produits phytosanitaire
Piperonyl butoxide potentiates the synaptosome ATPase inhibiting effect of pyrethrin
Pesticide labelling legislation
Bacterial plant pathology : cell and molecular aspects
Development of ultrasound-assisted digestion methods for the determination of toxic element concentrations in ash samples by ICP-OES
The pesticide conspiracy
"Written primarily as a textbook for upper-level undergraduate and beginning graduate students, this book provides fundamental knowledge concerning the biological and health effects of pollutants on living systems. Also able to serve as a reference for professionals, the book stresses the chemical and biological characteristics of major pollutants found in the air, water, and soil, and their impacts on the health and wellbeing of humans, animals, and plants. This new edition is greatly expanded and updated, includes a color insert, and contains a new chapter on Occupational Toxicology"--Provided by publisher.
Pesticide residues in food 2007 : Joint FAO-WHO Meeting on Pesticide Residues : report of the Joint Meeting of the FAO Panel of Experts on Pesticide Residues in Food and the Environment and the WHO Core Assessment Group on Pesticide Residues, Geneva, Switzerland, 18-27 September 2007.
Pesticide residues : submission and evaluation of pesticide residues data for the estimation of maximum residue levels in food and feed
Use of pesticides in Finnish forest nurseries in 1996.
Effect of pesticides on four species of entomopathogenic fungi in vitro
Persistent pesticides in the environment
Pesticide residue monitoring in Finland - 2008 : fruit, vegetables and cereals
The chemical protection of plants
Pesticide residues in food 2013 : joint FAO/WHO Meeting on Pesticide Residues ; report of the joint meeting of the FAO Panel of Experts on Pesticide Residues in Food and the Environment and the WHO Core Assessment Group on Pesticide Residues ; Geneva, Switzerland, from 17 to 26 September 2013.
Guidelines on standards for agricultural pesticide application equipment and related test procedures. Volume 2, Vehicle-mounted and trailed sprayers
Neonatally induced permanent neurotoxic effects of pesticides : identification of a vulnerable period for low dose effects
Formulation of pesticides in developing countries
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Vegetable Safety and Human Health : Beijing, China August 21-23, 2006
Pesticides and human health
Metabolic maps of pesticides
A review of available pesticide leaching models : selection of models for simulation of herbicide fate in Finnish sugar beet cultivation
Pesticide residues in food - 2010 : Joint FAO WHO Meeting on Pesticide Residues ; report of the joint meeting of the FAO Panel of Experts on Pesticide Residues in Food and the Environment and the WHO Core Assessment Group on Pesticide Residues ; Rome, Italy, 21-30 September 2010.
Energy in plant nutrition and pest control
European directory of agrochemical products. Vol. 1, Fungicides
Residue reviews
International standards for phytosanitary measures
Exploitation of microorganisms
Agriculture, pesticides and the environment : policy options
CRC handbook of pest management in agriculture. Vol. 2
Environmental management tool kit for obsolete pesticides. Vol. 3, G. Safeguarding strategy. H. Disposal strategy. I. Environmental assessment report and environmental management plans
Environmental dynamics of pesticides
How to measure the environmental risks from uses of plant protection products for achieving the IPM requirements and risk communication : a case study on the production chain of cereal farming in Finland
Farmageddon : the true cost of cheap meat
The pesticide book
Development of enhanced analytical methodology in pesticide chemistry
Bacillus thuringiensis : biology, ecology and safety
Fundamentals of weed science
Crops guide to herbicides : the practical handbook for arable crops, field vegetables and grassland
Report of the 33rd Meeting of the Working Party on Plant Protection Products : Paris, 2003-06-12/13 = Rapport de la 33ème réunion du Groupe de travail sur les produits phytosanitaires : Paris, 2003-06-12/13
Analytical methods for pesticides and plant growth regulators. Vol. 10, New and updated methods
Residue analyses of the official testing of pesticides
Methyl promide
Natural products for innovative pest management
Prochloraz tolerance of Pyrenophora teres population in Finland
Toxicology of insecticides
Birch tar oil is an effective mollusc repellent : field and laboratory experiments using Arianta arbustorum (Gastropoda: Helicidae) and Arion lusitanicus (Gastropoda: Arionidae)
Environmental toxicology : biological and health effects of pollutants
Guidelines on minimum requirements for agricultural pesticide application equipment. Vol. 1, Portable (operator-carried) sprayers
Fate and transport of organic chemicals in the environment : a practical guide
Weed control trials with fibre mulch, glyphosate and terbuthylazine in Scots pine plantations
The mode of action of cholinesterase-inhibiting pesticides on earthworms : toxicity, inhibition of cholinesterases and degradation
Pesticide residues in food 2014 : joint FAO/WHO Meeting on Pesticide Residues ; report of the joint meeting of the FAO Panel of Experts on Pesticide Residues in Food and the Environment and the WHO Core Assessment Group on Pesticide Residues ; Rome, Italy, 16-25 September 2014.
Organic insecticides : their chemistry and mode of action
Modern crop protection compounds. Volume 2, Fungicides
Pesticide index : an index of chemical, common and trade names of pesticides and related crop-protection products
Analytical methods for pesticides and plant growth regulators. Vol. 11, Updated general techniques and additional pesticides
Effects of birch tar oils on soil organisms and plants
Case studies on alternatives to methyl bromide. Volume 2, Technologies with low environmental impact in countries  with economies in transition
Pesticides and wildlife
Summary.
The effect of two pesticides (Vitavax-300 and Gaucho) on rhizobia and on the nodulation of four legumes
Residue analyses of the official testing of pesticides 1990
Ivermectin and abamectin
Insecticidal, repellent, antimicrobial activity and phytotoxicity of essential oils: With special reference to limonene and its suitability for control of insect pests : Review
Handbook on the use of pesticides in the Asia-Pacific region
Plant adaptation and phytoremediation
Crop pests in Tanzania and their control
Modern crop protection compounds. Volume 1, Herbicides
Fate of pesticides in large animals
Insect and bird interactions
Controlled release technologies : methods, theory, and applications. Vol. 1
Insecticides of plant origin
Residue analyses of the official testing of pesticides 1976
Golf course management and construction : environmental issues
Mechanisms of pesticide movement into ground water
Dead snails leave no trails : natural pest control for home and garden
Controlled release technologies : methods, theory, and applications. Vol. 2
Pesticide residues in food 2006 : joint meeting of the FAO Panel of Experts on Pesticide Residues in Food and the Environment and the WHO Core Assessment Group, Rome, Italy, 3-12 October 2006 : evaluations. Part 1, volume 2, Residues
Structure and function in agroecosystem design and management
The biochemical mode of action of pesticides
Pest management and the environment in 2000
Pesticide residues : analysis in foods with ethyl acetate extraction using gas and liquid chromatography with tandem mass spectrometric determination
Analytical methods for pesticides and plant growth regulators. Vol. 14, Modern analytical techniques
Trial report : fungicides and insecticides
