http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10461 food sector
food sector
Food chemistry
Food research international
Encyclopaedia of food science, food technology and nutrition : Vol 4. Vol. 4, Fumigants-malnutrition
Street foods : report of an FAO Technical Meeting on Street Foods, Calcutta, India, 6-9 November 1995 = Alimentation de rue = Alimentos que se venden en la vía pública
Salt, sugar, fat : how the food giants hooked us
Australian journal of dairy technology
Specification for the identity and purity of some enzymes and certain other substances
Multilingual dictionary of fish and fish products = Dictionnaire multilingue des poissons et produits de la pêche
How can a European SME internationalize a food product in Singapore : case study MONBANA Singapore
So bold an aim : ten years of international co-operation toward freedom from want [1945-1955]
Food processing technology : principles and practice
Food product development : based on experience
Customer willingness to pay for sustainability in the food sector : an examination of three WTP types
New Nutrition business : the journal for healthy eating, functional foods & nutraceuticals
48th ICoMST : Rome, 25-30 August 2002.. Vol. 2, Congress proceedings
Food processing : (Itasca, IL)
History of the European Meetings of Meat Research Workers, EMMRW 1955-1986
Emulsifiers in food technology
International journal of food, agriculture & environment
Index of scientific and related publications of the Grain Research Laboratory : the first 75 years..
Cheese. Volume 4, Annotated bibliography with subject index
Dictionary of food and nutrition
International agri-food chains and networks : management and organization
4th Eurofoods meeting, May 31-June 3, 1989, Uppsala, Sweden : proceedings
The crisis of food brands : sustaining safe, innovative and competitive food supply
Control charts and control materials in internal quality control in food chemical laboratories
TO IMPROVE QUALITY MANAGEMENT PROCESS : Case: Aiya Restaurant Chain
Frozen & chilled foods Europe
Ecology of food and nutrition
52nd International Congress Of Meat Science and Technology: harnessing and exploiting global opportunities
Scientists as midwives to cluster emergence : an interpretative case study of functional foods
Microwave world
Auditing food safety
Household food consumption and expenditure : annual report of the National Food Survey Committee
Constructing a strategic performance measurement system for small food-processing firms
To the desert and back : the story of one of the most dramatic business transformations on record
Knight's Foodservice dictionary
Relationships in food chains : an empirical examination of trust, commitment and communication
Food safety : a practical approach
International journal of food microbiology : an official journal
International milling flour & feed
Ravintotase : balance sheet for food commodities
BRC global standard : for food safety
Pesticide residues in food 1993 : evaluations : joint meeting of the FAO Panel of Experts on Pesticide Residues in Food and the Environment and the WHO Expert Group on Pesticide Residues, Geneva, 20-29 September 1993. Part 1, Residues
Entry and growth strategies of Finnish food companies in the Ukrainian food market
Cheese. Volume 2, Annotated bibliography with subject index
Professional food manager
Agriculture in Northern Ireland
Food market abstracts
Food supply chain management : issues for the hospitality and retail sectors
British food journal
Encyclopaedia of food science, food technology and nutrition. Vol. 1, A-Cassava
Food related lifestyle segmentation in St. Petersburg and Joensuu : case company "Raisio Group"
Benders' dictionary of nutrition and food technology
The BRC global standard for food safety : a guide to a successful audit
Nanotechnology in the food, beverage and nutraceutical industries
Encyclopaedia of food science, food technology and nutrition : Vol 7. Vol. 7, Spectroscopy-Z
Handbook of food and bioprocess modeling techniques
Encyclopaedia of food science, food technology and nutrition : Vol. 2. Vol. 2, Catering-Downś syndrome
Increasingly, food-based businesses are seen as key solutions to solve our social and environmental problems, and yet entrepreneurs report a surprising lack of access to money to help them get started or grow. Raising Dough is an unprecedented guide that provides social entrepreneurs - as well as their potential supporters - the tools necessary to enable more of these businesses to launch and thrive. Through a mix of case studies and her own personal expertise, social-finance expert Elizabeth U explains what every budding entrepreneur should do even before they begin asking for money, including choosing an appropriate ownership model. She covers a wide range of possible funding sources, from traditional public and institutional grant and loan programs to cutting-edge, community crowdfunding models. Written primarily for people managing socially responsible food businesses, Raising Dough includes resources, strategies, and lessons that can benefit any socially minded entrepreneur and those who would support them, including investors.--COVER.
Scandinavian journal of food & nutrition
Au revoir to all that : food, wine and the end of France
33rd International congress of meat science & technology : 2-7 August 1987 : abstracts
Quantity food sanitation
Food reviews international
Journal of cereal science
46th ICoMST, Argentiina, 27 August - 1 September, 2000.. Vol. 1, Congress proceedings
The HACCP Food Safety Training Manual
Microbiological risk assessment series
48th ICoMST : Rome, 25-30 August 2002.. Vol. 1, Congress proceedings
HACCP : a practical approach
Journal of food, agriculture & environment (JFAE)
Food safety : theory and practice
Finnish journal of dairy science
Women, agricultural intensification, and household food security : proceedings of the workshop Women, Agricultural Intensification and Household Food Security, held at the Sasakawa Centre, University of Cape Coast, Ghana, 25-28 June 1996
Rapid analysis in food processing and food control : proceedings of the 4th European conference on food chemistry, 1-4 June 1987, Loen, Norway. vol. 1-2
MTT Raportti = MTT Report = MTT Rapport
Journal of the science of food and agriculture
How to HACCP : a management guide
Computer applications in food technology : use of spreadsheets in graphical, statistical, and process analyses
Fast food nation : the dark side of the all-American meal
Consumer-driven innovation in food and personal care products
International dairy journal
Asean food journal
Encyclopaedia of food science, food technology and nutrition : Vol 3. Vol. 3, Dressings and mayonnaise-Fruits of tropical climates
Fluid milk consumption and demand response to advertising for non-alcoholic beverages
Cereal science and technology : proceedings from 23. Nordic cereal congress : August 17-20, 1988, Copenhagen, Denmark
The state of food and agriculture
The future of food business : the facts, the impacts, the acts
A guide to the British food manufacturing industry
Biotechnologies for agricultural development : proceedings of the FAO International Technical Conference on "Agricultural Biotechnologies in Developing Countries : Options and Opportunities in Crops, Forestry, Livestock, Fisheries and Agro-Industry to Face the Challenges of Food Insecurity and Climate Change" (ABDC-10)
Journal of food science
Future challenges in professional kitchens II : reports of seminar presentations
Welcome to culinary school : a culinary student survival guide
Drying technology in agriculture and food sciences
Frontiers in carbohydrate research. 1, Food applications
FAO in the front line of development
Papers presented at the eighth session of the Indo-Pacific Fishery Commission Working Party on Fish Technology and Marketing, Yogjakarta, Indonesia, 24-27 September 1991.
Frozen & chilled foods
National food survey : annual report on household food consumption and expenditure
Proceedings of the 55th Reciprocal Meat Conference of the American Meat Science Association in cooperation with the National Cattlemen's Beef Association and Cattlemen's Beef Board : July 28-30, Michigan State University
Dictionary of food science and nutrition
Dictionary of food ingredients
Case studies in food safety and environmental health
Training in the food and beverages sector in the United Kingdom : report for the force programme
40th Annual reciprocal meat conference of the American Meat Science Association in cooperation with the National Live Stock and Meat Board : University of Minnesota, St. Paul, Minnesota, June 28-July 1, 1987 : proceedings
"How to start, grow, and succeed in the food truck business.Food trucks have become a wildly popular and important part of the hospitality industry. Consumers are flocking to these mobile food businesses in droves, inspiring national food truck competitions and even a show dedicated to the topic on The Food Network. The relatively low cost of entry as compared to starting a restaurant, combined with free and low-cost ways to market them to the masses via platforms like social media, are just two of the reasons that food truck business are drawing in budding entrepreneurs.Author David Weber, a food truck advocate and entrepreneur himself, is here to offer his practical, step-by-step advice to achieving your mobile food mogul dreams in The Food Truck Handbook. This book cuts through all of the hype to give both hopeful entrepreneurs and already established truck owners an accurate portrayal of life on the streets. From concept to gaining a loyal following to preventative maintenance on your equipment this book covers it all. Includes profiles of successful food trucks, detailing their operations, profitability, and scalability. Establish best practices for operating your truck using one-of-a-kind templates for choosing vending locations, opening checklist, closing checklist, and more. Create a sound business plan complete with a reasonable budget and finding vendors you can trust; consider daily operations in detail from start to finish, and ultimately expand your business. Stay lean and profitable by avoiding the most common operating mistakes. Author David Weber is Founder and President of the NYC Food Truck Association (NYCFTA), which brings together small businesses that own and operate premium food trucks in NYC focused on innovation in hospitality, high quality food, and community development. "--
46th ICoMST, Argentiina, 27 August - 1 September, 2000.. Vol. 2, Congress proceedings
A dictionary of food and nutrition
Encyclopaedia of food science, food technology and nutrition : Vol 5. Vol. 5, Malt-pesticides and herbicides
Report of the 16th FAO regional conference for Europe, Cracow, Poland, 23-26 August 1988.
Flavors and off-flavors '89 : proceedings of the 6th International flavor conference, Rethymnon, Crete, Greece, 5-7 July 1989
Training in the food and beverages sector in Ireland : report for the force programme
Thermal technologies in food processing
Advances in food and nutrition research
Food science & technology today
Food safety for the 21st century : managing HACCP and food safety throughout the global supply chain
The food supply chain in India : analysing the potential for international business
Food nutrition and agriculture
Internationalisation of a service company : case: The Turquoise Holiday Company
Human resources in the foodservice industry : organizational behavior management approaches
Farmageddon : the true cost of cheap meat
Scenarios for future agriculture in Finland : a Delphi study among agri-food sector stakeholders
Food science sourcebook. Part 1, Terms and descriptions
The food industry : economics and policies
Studies on the agricultural and food sector in transition economies
Make it safe : a guide to food safety
Handbook of Food Science, Catering Technology and Kitchen Management
Advances in cereal science and technology
"You've seen the headlines: Parmesan cheese made from sawdust. Lobster rolls containing no lobster at all. Extra virgin olive oil that isn't. Fake foods are in our supermarkets, our restaurants, and our kitchen cabinets. Food journalist Larry Olmsted exposes the pervasive and dangerous fraud perpetrated on consumers by bringing readers into the unregulated food industry, revealing the alarming truth: What we think we're eating is not what we're really eating. This shocking deception extends from high-end foods like olive oil, wine, and Kobe beef to everyday staples such as coffee, honey, juice, and cheese. It's a massive bait and switch where counterfeiting is rampant and where the consumer ultimately pays the price. Olmstead travels to the sources of the real stuff, to help us recognize what to look for, eat, and enjoy. Genuine Parmigiano-Reggiano from Italy, fresh-caught grouper from Florida, authentic port from Portugal. Real foods that are grown, raised, produced, and prepared with care by masters of their craft."
The concise encyclopedia of foods and nutrition
The food sector in transition - Nordic research : proceedings of NJF-seminar no. 313, June 2000
Food product development based on experience
Journal of food engineering
Bioseparation processes in foods
Internationalization of Finnish food industry companies to Russian markets
Specifications for identity and purity of certain food additives : joint FAO/WHO expert committee on food additives, 31st session, Geneva, 16-25 February 1987 and 33rd session, Geneva, 21-30 March 1988.
The food safety handbook : (Level 2)
HACCP : a food industry briefing
Appetite : determinants and consequences of eating and drinking
Studies on the agricultural and food sector in central and eastern Europe
Proceedings of the international symposium, Den Dolder, Netherlands, 23-25 November 1987
Food technology
The food truck handbook : start, grow, and succeed in the mobile food business
International journal of food science & technology
BRC Global Standard : for food safety
Private regulation of value chains in Finnish pork industry : how private regulation schemes are used and could be used to ensure quality
Food aid in figures
Journal of food distribution research
Understanding the Japanese food and agrimarket : a multifaceted opportunity
33rd International congress of meat science & technology : 2-7 August : proceedings
Encyclopaedia of food science, food technology and nutrition : Vol 6. Vol. 6, pH-Soya milk
Novel food processing technologies
Food economics : industry and markets
Waste treatment in the food processing industry
Encyclopaedia of food science, food technology and nutrition : Vol 8. Vol. 8, Index and directories
Hygiene management in food factories
Statistical methods for food and agriculture
A question of food safety
Raising dough : the complete guide to financing a socially responsible food business
AgExporter : the monthly magazine for food and agricultural exporters
Food biotechnology
Journal of agricultural and food chemistry
Life Cycle Assessment in the Agri-food sector : proceedings from the 4th international conference, October 6-8, Bygholm, Denmark
Real food / fake food : why you don't know what you're eating & what you can do about it
Food and beverage management : for the hospitality, tourism and event industries
Journal of food biochemistry
Food additives and contaminants
The Mycota : a comprehensive treatise on fungi as experimental systems for basic and applied research. Volume 10, Industrial applications
Scandinavian dairy information
Agrovoc : multilingual agricultural thesaurus : english version
