http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10417 antiquities
antiquities relics of antiquity
The formation of Chinese civilization : an archaeological perspective
Afghanistan : hidden treasures from the National Museum, Kabul
The Staffordshire hoard
Vikings : the battle of the ends of time
The thunderweapon in religion and folklore
A turning of ages = Im Wandel der Zeiten : jubilee book dedicated to professor Jan Machnik on his 70th anniversary
Pervobytnoe iskusstvo : pamâtniki drevnego tvorčestva v sobranii Gos. Istoričeskogo muzeâ : Monuments of Prehistoric Creative Art in the State History Museum = Primitive art
Community archaeology : themes, methods and practices
The ancient stone implements, weapons and ornaments, of Great Britain
Forged Egyptian antiquities
Archaeological ceramics : papers presented at a seminar on "Ceramics as archaeological material" held at the Smithsonian Institution and the National Bureau of standards 29.9. - 1.10. 1980
The white devil : the werewolf in European culture
India : an archaeological history : palaeolithic beginnings to early historic foundations
Drevnosti Prikam'â = The antiquities of the Kama River region
The Kings-Hung Temple, the ancestral land
Zhongguo wenwu jinghua = Gems of China's cultural relics
Helgö - moulds and routes : ceramological investigations of distribution, ceramics craft and raw materials
Studies on the arts and crafts of the late Cypriote bronze age
Vikings : life and legend
Ust'-Poluj : I vek do n. è. : katalog vystavki = Ust-Polui : 1st century BC : catalogue of the exhibition
A corpus of early Anglo-Saxon great Square-Headed Brooches
Use-Wear 2012
Tracing their tracks : identification of Nordic styles from the Early Middle Ages to the end of the Viking period
The exotic and impressive grave goods from burials of the Wessex Culture in Early Bronze Age Britain are well known and have inspired influential social and economic hypotheses, invoking the former existence of chiefs, warriors and merchants and high-ranking pastoralists. Alternative theories have sought to explain how display of such objects was related to religious and ritual activity rather than to economic status, and that groups of artefacts found in certain graves may have belonged to religious specialists. This volume is the result of a major research project that aimed to investigate Chalcolithic and Early Bronze Age grave goods in relation to their possible use as special dress accessories or as equipment employed within ritual activities and ceremonies. Many items of adornment can be shown to have formed elements of elaborate costumes, probably worn by individuals, both male and female, who held important ritual roles within society. Furthermore, the analysis has shown that various categories of object long interpreted as mundane types of tool were in fact items of bodily adornment or implements used in ritual contexts, or in the special embellishment of the human body.
Theodosia and the serpents of chaos
Dunhuang Tulufan yanjiu = Journal of the Dunghuang and Turfan studies
Samantha Sutton and the labyrinth of lies
The hoards of the Irish Later Bronze Age
Archaeological view of ancient Shanghai
Proceedings of the 7th ICOM-CC Working Group on Wet Organic Archaeological Materials Conference = Actes de la 7ème Conférence du Groupe de Travail Matériaux Archéologiques Organiques Humides de l'ICOM-CC
The coroplastic art of Ancient Cyprus. 1, Chalcolithic - Late Cypriote I
Anglo-Saxon art : a new perspective
Nowinka : site 1, the cemetery from the Late Migration Period in the northern Poland
Ancient Greek coins found in central, eastern and northern Europe
The splendour of power : early medieval kingship and the use of gold and silver in the southern North Sea area (5th to 7th century AD)
Lithuanian archaeology : investigations and findings
Serpent : a novel from the NUMA files
The menial art of cooking : archaeological studies of cooking and food preparation
Tracing prehistoric social networks through technology : a diachronic perspective on the Aegean
Ribbed beakers with applied glass threads in Europe = Čišky s taženými kapkami v Evropě
Stolen, smuggled, sold : on the hunt for cultural treasures
This book presents archaeological history from the palaeolithic beginnings to c. ad 300, when early historic India assumed its basic form. It lucidly reconstructs the historical developments of human-natural resource interaction in the subcontinent using maps, illustrations, and tables. The second edition updates the research to include new ideas and discoveries---of tools from the Palaeolithic and Mesolithic ages and human fossil finds---in Indian archaeology between 1998 and 2008. --
Cylinder seals from the collections of the Aleppo Museum, Syrian Arab Republic. 2, Seals of known provenance
This comprehensive and up to date book will be an essential reading for students and teachers of archaeology and ancient Indian history. --
British museum : a general introductory guide to the Egyptian collections in the British museum
Aquincumi ékszerek = Jewellery in Aquincum
Handbook of Greek pottery : a guide for amateurs
Excavations at Berbati, 1936-1937
Waterford treasures : a guide to the historical and archaeological treasures of Waterford City
Le témoignage de la culture matérielle : mélanges offerts au professeur Vera Evison = The evidence of material culture : studies in honour of professer Vera Evison
'[This] book presents [archaeological] history in all its continuity and diversity... covering a vast area through a long period...'---The Hindu --
A conservation manual for the field archaeologist
Conservation and management of the world's petroglyph sites
The Island in Żółte on Lake Zarańskie : early medieval gateway into West Pomerania
Exploring prehistoric identity in Europe : our construct or theirs?
Benefits of non-destructive analytical techniques for conservation : papers from a COST Action G8 workshop held in Kalkara, Malta, on 8 January 2004
Roman Britain : life at the edge of empire
"The Maikop Treasure presents more than 300 objects ranging in date from the Bronze Age through the Medieval Period. They are currently held in four institutions: the Antikenabteilung Staatliche Museen and Museum fur Vor- und Fruhgeschichte in Berlin, the University of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology in Philadelphia, and the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York." "Originally assembled at the end of the 19th and beginning of the 20th century by Merle de Massoneau, a wealthy employee of Tsar Nicholas II who oversaw the cultivation of Imperial vineyards in the Crimea and Northern Caucasus, these objects have no single provenance but were looted from various sites in the general region of the Northern Pontic." "The name Maikop became attached to the collection because most of the pieces are identical to the gold and bronze treasures found in that area, in what is now the autonomous republic of Adyghea in the Northern Caucasus."--BOOK JACKET.
Glass in Antiquity
100 greatest archaeological discoveries
Touched by a viking : tales of treasures
Joining forces with Israeli cop Arieh Ben-Roi, Egyptian detective Yusuf Khalifa investigates the discovery of a body at an isolated archaeological site, a death he connects with a murdered Israeli, which ultimately leads to an enigma dating back to 70 A.D.
Glass of the Roman world
Marzabotto : an Etruscan town
Mexico : a guide to the archaeological sites
The search for immortality : tomb treasures of Han China
The collector's cabinet : tales, facts & fictions from the world of antiques
Stone tools and society : working stone in Neolithic and Bronze Age Britain
The Cambridge ancient history. Plates volume 2
The January dancer
Thieves fall out
From hunter to farmer in northern Europe : migration and adaptation during the Neolithic and Bronze Age
New perspectives on early Korean art : from Silla to Koryŏ
Scarabs, chronology, and interconnections : Egypt and Palestine in the Second Intermediate Period
The Frome Hoard
The Maikop treasure
From the archaeological collections of Cracow and Jena
The Cambridge ancient history. Vol. 4, Plates to volume IV : Persia, Greece and the Western Mediterranean c. 525 to 479 B.C
Form and order in the Anglo-Saxon world, AD 600-1100
The grand hall : first peoples of Canada's northwest coast
From the field to the publication : the retrieval and presentation of pottery - a case study from Early Iron Age Tel Kinrot, Israel
Special exhibition : artefacts from Ancient Japan : in commemoration of the reopening of Hyōkeikan Gallery, June 13 - August 27, 1978.
The Cretan collection in Oxford : the Dictaean Cave and Iron Age Crete
Drevnie ukrašeniâ Azerbajdžana = Ancient ornaments of Azerbaijan
Cylinder seals from the collections of the Aleppo Museum, Syrian Arab Republic. 1, Seals of unknown provenience
The gold of the Pharaohs
Wonderful things : uncovering the world's great archaeological treasures
Corridor talk to culture history : public anthropology and its consequences
Amulets, illustrated by the Egyptian collection in University College, London
Guldgubber and retrospective methods
Beaker pottery of Great Britain and Ireland
Egyptian art in Munich
Animals, gods and men from East to West : papers on archaeology and history in honour of Roberta Venco Ricciardi
Dress and identity in Iron Age Britain : a study of glass beads and other objects of personal adornment
Handbook of the Cesnola collection of antiquities from Cyprus
'The difficulty of this exercise can be well appreciated...due to the long time span, the wide geographical-area, [and the] study of different aspects [of archaeological history of India]...'---Antiquity --Book Jacket.
Cross pendants from iron-age Finland
The last templar. 2, The knight in the crypt
Ancient Norwegian Design : Pictures from the University Museum of National Antiquities, Oslo
The Middle Cypriote bronze age
Twelve-year-old Theo uses arcane knowledge and her own special talent when she encounters two secret societies, one sworn to protect the world from ancient Egyptian magic and one planning to harness it to bring chaos to the world, both of which want a valuable artifact stolen from the London museum for which her parents work / WorldCat.
Bronze Age metalworking in the Netherlands (c. 2000-800 BC) : a research into the preservation of metallurgy related artefacts and the social position of the smith
The Nabatean terracotta figurines
The Maya Guide
Genghis Khan and the Mongol empire
Dendrochronology and archaeology in Europe : proceedings of a workshop of the European Science Foundation (ESF), held in Hamburg April 28.-30, 1982
The Hamwic glass
Metallurgičeskie provincii i radiouglerodnaâ hronologiâ = Metallurgical Provinces and Radiocarbon Chronology
The coroplastic art of Ancient Cyprus. 3, The Cypro-Archaid period large and medium size sculpture
An integration of the use-wear and residue analysis for the identification of the function of archaeological stone tools : proceedings of the international workshop, Rome, March 5th-7th, 2012
The industrial arts of the anglo-saxons
Caring for the past : issues in conservation for archaeology and museums
Technology and experimentation in archaeology
Coming home
The Viking Age was a world very different to our own: a world of violence and magic, swords and slaves. However, there was of course a much more ordinary, everyday side to life. People made things and traded them; they tended crops and livestock; they cooked and looked after their homes; they drank, gambled and went to market. Much has been written about key historical events in the Viking period, but this book takes a closer look at the day-to-day activities of ordinary people.
Catalogue of Irish gold ornaments in the collection of the Royal Irish Academy
The new era : the reformation of the late Anglo-Saxon coinage
The last secret of the temple
A brief discription of the principal monuments
The chronology of base-ring ware and bichrome wheel-made ware : proceedings of a colloquium held in the Royal Academy of Letters, History and Antiquities, Stockholm, May 18-19 2000
The complete Tutankhamun : the king, the tomb, the royal treasure
The stone age : what life was like for the earliest humans
The Cambridge ancient history. Vol. 3, Plates to volumes I and II
Glass of the Roman world' illustrates the arrival of new cultural systems, mechanisms of trade and an expanded economic base in the early 1st millennium AD which, in combination, allowed the further development of the existing glass industry. Glass became something which encompassed more than simply a novel and highly decorative material. Glass production grew and its consumption increased until it was assimilated into all levels of society, used for display and luxury items but equally for utilitarian containers, windows and even tools. 0These 18 papers by renowned international scholars include studies of glass from Europe and the Near East. The authors write on a variety of topics where their work is at the forefront of new approaches to the subject. They both extend and consolidate aspects of our understanding of how glass was produced, traded and used throughout the Empire and the wider world drawing on chronology, typology, patterns of distribution, and other methodologies, including the incorporation of new scientific methods. Though focusing on a single material the papers are firmly based in its archaeological context in the wider economy of the Roman world, and consider glass as part of a complex material culture controlled by the expansion and contraction of the Empire. The volume is presented in honour of Jenny Price, a foremost scholar of Roman glass.
The Cambridge ancient history. Vol. 7, Plates to volume VII part 1 : the Hellenistic world to the coming of the Romans
The Petters Late Bronze Age metalwork : an analytical study of Thames Valley metalworking in its settlement context
What secrets will the stolen encoder reveal? The investigation onto the museum raid continues, but it's a difficult one. One of the four 'knights' has already died in his - guarded - hospital room, and FBI Agent Reilly is unknowingly engaged in a race to find the other thieves before the mysterious assassins try to eliminate them. Meanwhile, young archaeologist Tess Chaykin is following up the Templar lead - one that the FBI considers too far-fetched to be worth looking into.
Remains of pagan saxondom, principally from tumuli in England : drawn from the originals
Studies in early pottery of the Near East. 1-2, Mesopotamia, Syria and Egypt and their earliest Interrelations ; Asia, Europe and the Aegean and their earliest Interrelations
Cypro-Aegean relations in the early Iron Age
Bronser från Luristan : Persiska metallarbeten i Medelhavsmuseet = Ancient Persian metalwork : the collection of Luristan bronzes at Medelhavsmuseet
Coastal archaeology in a dynamic environment : a Solent case study
Dead Space : Martyr
Iron Age bridle-bits from Britain
The Smithsonian Institution excavation at Tell Jemmeh, Israel,1970-1990
A brief description of the principal monuments
From Attila to Charlemagne : arts of the early medieval period in the Metropolitan Museum of Art
Functional ladles or ceremonial cutlery? : a cultural biography of prehistoric wooden spoons from Finland
History of Scandinavia.
The map of lost memories : a novel
The continental Affinities of British Neolithic Pottery
Textile ceramics in Finland and on the Karelian Isthmus : nine variations and fugue on a theme of C. F. Meinander
Discovery! : unearthing the new treasures of archaeology
Anglo-Saxon graves and grave goods of the 6th and 7th centuries AD : a chronological framework
New perspectives on the Roman coinage on the eastern limes : in the late republican and Roman imperial period
Mongolia : the legacy of Chinggis Khan
Distinctive beads in ancient India
The antiques magpie : a compendium of absorbing history, stories and facts from the world of antiques
Late Roman silver : the Traprain treasure in context
'This book strikes a fine balance between compilation and interpretation and is interspersed with thought-provoking comments, which sustain one's interest throughout. These qualities ... should render this text indispensable to any course on South Asian archaeology.'---MARG --
Heritage crime : progress, prospects and prevention
Cypriote antiquities in the Pierides collection Larnaca Cyprus
The coroplastic art of Ancient Cyprus. 2, Late Cyprote II - Cypro-Geometric III
Out of the mouths of pots : towards an interpretation of the symbolic meaning of Cypriot Bronze Age funerary artefacts including examples in the University of Canterbury's Logie Collection
Dead space : Catalyst
Zvonimirovo - Veliko polje. 1, Groblje latenske kulture = A cemetery of the La Tène culture
From mine to microscope : advances in the study of ancient technology
Archeological researches on the Pacific coast of Costa Rica
A Viking way of life : combs and communities in early medieval Britain
"Stolen, Smuggled Sold : On the Hunt for Cultural Treasures tells the dark and compelling stories of iconic cultural objects that were stolen, smuggled or sold, and eventually returned back to their original owner. This book is structured as a series of vivid stories in which the reader joins the author as she uncovers a cultural treasure and follows its often-convoluted trail. Along the way author and reader encounter a cast of fascinating characters from the underbelly of the cultural world: unscrupulous grave robbers, sinister middlemen, ruthless art dealers, venal Nazis, canny lawyers, valiant academics, unstoppable investigative reporters, unwitting curators, and dedicated government officials"--Provided by publishers.
Amphoras and the ancient wine trade
Man the tool-maker
Ritual in Early Bronze Age grave goods : an examination of ritual and dress equipment from Chalcolithic and Early Bronze Age graves in England
Form, function & context : material culture studies in Scandinavian archaeology
Cypriot bronzework in the Mycenaean world
Corpus of Cypriote antiquities. 19, Cypriote pottery in New Zealand collections
Viking swords : swords and social aspects of weaponry in Viking Age societies
Fibula, fabula, fact : the Viking Age in Finland
Les bronzes archaïques chinois = Archaic Chinese bronzes. I, Xia & Shang
The Balts : the Northern neighbours of the Slavs
Significance of silk roads in the history of human civilizations
Retrieval of objects from archaeological sites
Forty days without shadow
The treasure of the Oxus with other objects from ancient Persia and India
Pre-classical chronology in Greece and Italy
The romans in Britain
Drevnosti Prikam’â = The antiquities of the Kama River region
Sino-Siberian Art in the Collection of C.T.Loo
Bone and antler objects from the Frisian terp-mounds
"With a foreword from Mark Harrison FSA, National Policing and Crime Advisor, English Heritage and Honorary Research Fellow, University of Kent, UK. Heritage crime is an area of growing interest for scholars, but also for enforcement agencies and heritage managers, as well as the communities affected. Whether it is the looting of cultural objects, theft of lead from churches, or vandalism of historic monuments, this timely collection brings together debate and international examples to demonstrate the diversity but also commonality of heritage crime across the globe. With international contributions from archaeology, criminology, law, heritage management and policing, the volume presents case studies from countries as diverse as Peru, the UK, South Africa and Cyprus. At a time when government agencies and media around the world are increasingly taking note of the implications of criminal activity for cultural heritage, this collection is the first to address the heritage crime problem in such an in-depth and holistic manner. "-- Provided by publisher.
The Cambridge ancient history. Vol. 3, Plates to volume III : the Middle East, the Greek world and the Balkans to the sixth century B.C
The archaeology of Skedemosse. 2, The votive deposits in the Skedemosse Fen and their relation to the Iron-Age settlement on Öland, Sweden
Thirst. 5 : The sacred veil
Gifts of the Nile : Ancient Egyptian Arts and Crafts in Liverpool Museum
Tradition : transmission of culture in the ancient world
Analysis of the chipped stone artifacts of El Mirador, Guatemala
Fractures in knapping
