http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10496 biblical criticism
biblical criticism
Eve's children : the biblical stories retold and interpreted in Jewish and Christian traditions
Literary criticism and the Gospels : the theoretical challenge
Song of songs : a close reading
Prepare the way of the Lord : towards a cognitive poetic analysis of audience involvement with characters and events in the Markan world
The 'Textual history of the bible' (THB) is envisioned as the first comprehensive collection of information on the texts of the Hebrew Bible. This reference work will be published in print in four volumes, comprising numerous entries written by recognized specialists. The topics of these entries will include but are not limited to textual history, textual character, translation techniques, importance of each textual witness of the Hebrew Bible, deuterocanonical writings for each biblical book, history of research, editorial histories of the Hebrew Bible, papyrology, codicology, and linguistics, etc. In addition, overview articles discussing the textual history of each biblical book from its beginning until its Arab and Slavonic translations will be included. Each volume further provides a collective bibliography and a glossary. Volume 1 covers the books of the Hebrew canon. The volume opens with a series of overview articles on the history of the Jewish and Christian canons, on the ancient Hebrew and Aramaic texts. These entries are followed by articles on the different primary translations (Greek, Aramaic, Syriac, Latin) and uniquely the secondary translations as well (Latin, Coptic, Ethiopic, Syriac, Armenian, Georgian, Christian Palestinian Aramaic, Old Slavonic, and Arabic) most of which were sourced from the Greek. THB 1 concludes with a series of articles on the biblical text as it is attested in the Apocrypha and Pseudepigrapha, in Josephus, Philo, the New Testament, Rabbinic Literature, the Greek Church Fathers, the Latin Church Fathers, the Syriac Church Fathers, and the Coptic Church Fathers.
The legacy of John : second-century reception of the fourth gospel
The Cambridge companion to biblical interpretation
Why I became an atheist : a former preacher rejects Christianity
The interpretation of the New Testament in Greco-Roman paganism
"Empirical models based on ancient Near Eastern literature and variations between different textual traditions have been used to lend credibility to the identification of the sources behind biblical literature and the different editorial layers. In this volume, empirical models are used to critique the exaggerated results of identifying sources and editorial layers by demonstrating that, even though much of ancient literature had such complex literary histories, our methods are often inadequate for the task of precisely identifying sources and editorial layers"--
Paul's gospel in Romans : a discourse analysis of Rom. 1:16-8:39
The meaning of the Pentateuch : revelation, composition, and interpretation
The books of the Bible. 2, The Apocrypha and the New Testament
Wrestling with textual violence : a case study of the Jephthah narrative in antiquity and modernity with special regard to gender
Jesus and the eyewitnesses : the Gospels as eyewitness testimony
Jesus, interrupted: revealing the hidden conradictions in the Bible (and why we don't know about them)
John Sailhamer sums up his perspective on the Pentateuch by first settling the hermeneutical question of where we should set our attention. Rather than focus on the history behind the text, Sailhamer is convinced that it is the text itself that should be our primary focus. Along the way he demonstrates that this was in fact the focus of many interpreters in the precritical era. --from publisher description
Who will roll away the stone? : discipleship queries for first world Christians
Marxist criticism of the Bible
New studies in the synoptic problem : Oxford conference, April 2008 : essays in honour of Christopher M. Tuckett
The shadow of a great rock : a literary appreciation of the King James Bible
A short history of Atheism
Patristic and text-critical studies : the collected essays of William L. Petersen
The woman's Bible : the original feminist attack on the Bible
They were all together in one place? : toward minority biblical criticism
Christian theologies of Scripture : a comparative introduction
Solomon's vineyard : literary and linguistic studies in the Song of Songs
Word and presence : a commentary on the book of Deuteronomy
Text-critical and hermeneutical studies in the Septuagint
Reading other-wise : socially engaged biblical scholars reading with their local communities
The invasion of Sennacherib in the book of Kings : a source-critical and rhetorical study of 2 Kings 18-19
The formation of the Pentateuch : bridging the academic cultures of Europe, Israel, and North America
Houses full of all good things : essays in memory of Timo Veijola
The present volume is intended as a special present on the occasion of Professor Marc Vervenne's retirement from the Faculty of Theology of the Catholic University of Leuven (KU Leuven). It intends to honour Marc Vervenne as an academic scholar, deeply engaged in the research of Ancient Hebrew literature. The book opens by the editors' presentation of Marc Vervenne's scientific biography and bibliography. Thereafter, and against the background of his own main interests in textual criticism, redaction criticism and linguistic-grammatical research, predominantly on texts of the Pentateuch, this volume equally presents a selection of contributions in those three domains. In admiration, respect and true friendship for Marc Vervenne, more than thirty colleagues from all over the world have contributed to this volume. In the first part, 'The Pentateuch in Texts, Themes, and Methods', scholars focus on Pentateuch texts from a multiplicity of methods and perspectives: historical research, historical-critical exegesis, literary criticism, redaction-criticism, themes and theology, reception history and narrative criticism. The second part, entitled 'Textual Criticism', deals with text-critical approaches of the text, on the basis of different textual witnesses with their own respective redaction and theology; it also discusses the close relationship and methodological intertwinement of textual and literary criticism in the current scholarly debate. In the third and final part, several perspectives on 'Hebrew Language and Linguistics' are offered against the background of Marc Vervenne's interest in grammar and linguistics.
The Bible as rhetoric : studies in biblical persuasion and credibility
The reform of King Josiah and the composition of the Deuteronomistic history
A groundbreaking study of this important yet sometimes puzzling biblical book. Professor Auld considers the varied witnesses to its ancient text; the meaning of particular words or names; the connections between Joshua and other books of the Bible, especially Judges, Kings and Chronicles; and the history of the interpretation of Joshua from earliest to most recent times. Review: "Anyone who imagines that scholarship has finally unravelled the critical problems of the book of Joshua should be referred to these original and perceptive essays by Graeme Auld; challenging received opinion and setting a fresh agenda for the further study of this book.' Professor Ernest Nicholson, Oriel College, University of Cambridge"
A short history of atheism
Exploring postcolonial biblical criticism : history, method, practice
Missing persons and mistaken identities : women and gender in ancient Israel
Elusions of control : biblical law on the words of women
A mandate to difference : an invitation to the contemporary church
This title offers an introduction to one of the core methods of approaching biblical texts. "Historical Critical Analysis" is the main way in which the Bible (both the Hebrew Bible/Old Testament and the New Testament) has been examined and read by scholars in the last century. The term refers to a range of methodologies which examine the origins of biblical texts, in relation to other contemporaneous texts, to form critical approaches and to questions of authorship, audience and authenticity. The aim is to get as close to the 'original text' and its 'original meaning' as possible. For many years "Historical Critical Method" has been the cornerstone upon which biblical scholarship is built, even as modern studies examine other theoretical approaches to reading the text in history, tradition, and from different audience perspectives "The Historical Critical Method" still presents the crucial starting point for students and scholars. "Continuum's Guides for the Perplexed" are clear, concise and accessible introductions to thinkers, writers and subjects that students and readers can find especially challenging - or indeed downright bewildering. Concentrating specifically on what it is that makes the subject difficult to grasp, these books explain and explore key themes and ideas, guiding the reader towards a thorough understanding of demanding material.
Empirical models challenging biblical criticism
Textual criticism of the Hebrew Bible
A number of disciplines aligned under "cultural criticism" have changed the shape of contemporary biblical studies not only by offering new methods but by questioning old goals and proposing new ones. Soundings in Cultural Criticism offers a collection of succinct essays in these fields by some of the foremost scholars in New Testament studies. Questions of historical reconstruction, textual interpretation, and present cultural deployment are addressed in an ideal second textbook for New Testament courses.
Sociology and the New Testament : an appraisal
Scripture and scholarship in early modern England
Did Jesus cite Isa 6:9-10? : Jesus’ saying in Mark 4:11-12 and the Isaianic idea of hardening and remnant
The tapestry of early Christian discourse : rhetoric, society and ideology
Studies on the text and versions of the Hebrew Bible in honour of Robert Gordon
A question of methodology : collected essays on the Septuagint
Encountering scripture : a scientist explores the Bible
Did Jesus cite Isa 6:9-10? : Jesus' saying in Mark 4:11-12 and the Isaianic idea of hardening and remnant
Mark as story : retrospect and prospect
The beloved and I : new jubilees version of sacred scripture with verse commentaries. Vol. 1, Genesis, Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers, Deuteronomy
The IVP womenś Bible commentary
Joshua Retold : synoptic perspectives
The historical-critical method : a guide for the perplexed
Marxist feminist criticism of the Bible
Transformations in the Septuagint : towards an interaction of Septuagint studies and translation studies
The books of Samuel : stories -- history -- reception history
Did Jesus cite Isa 6:9.10? : Jesus' saying in Mark 4:11-12 and the Isaianic idea of hardening and remnant
Textual History of the Bible. Volume 1A, Overview articles
The historical figure of Jesus
Evil Gods and reckless Saviours : adaptation and appropriation in the late twentieth century Jesus-novels
The Interpretation of the Old Testament in Greco-Roman paganism
Meknowt'iwn Araraçoc' = Commentary on Genesis
Derrida's Bible : reading a page of scripture with a little help from Derrida
Approaching New Testament texts and contexts : collected essays II
Two versions of the Solomon narrative : an inquiry into the relationship between MT 1 Kgs. 2-11 and LXX 3 Reg. 2-11
Compositional strategy of the Book of Judges : an inductive, rhetorical study
Philo's scriptures : citations from the Prophets and Writings : evidence for a Haftarah cycle in Second Temple Judaism
Defenseless flower : a new reading of the Bible
The function of ancient historiography in biblical and cognate studies
The recycled Bible : autobiography, culture, and the space between
Calvin and the Bible
New Testament textual criticism : the application of thoroughgoing principles : essays on manuscripts and textual variation
Textual research on the Psalms and Gospels : papers from the Tbilisi Colloquium on the Editing and History of Biblical Manuscripts = Recherches textuelles sur les Psaumes et les Évangiles : actes du colloque de Tbilisi, 19-20 septembre 2007
Lethal love : feminist literary readings of biblical love stories
In this volume, Lars Hartman deals with several major topics. Some of the essays are devoted to exegetical and hermeneutical issues, beginning with the theoretical considerations concerning what it means to write a commentary. These are followed by detailed studies on various aspects of text analysis as a preparation for his commentary on the Gospel of Mark. Furthermore, Hartman has written groundbreaking articles on baptism, especially in regard to the name formula. The final essays deal with the Hellenistic context of various New Testament texts and topics, for instance the study of "Hellenistic Elements in Apocalyptic Texts”. This volume is an appropriate complement to Lars Hartman's earlier collection on text-centered New Testament studies, which was published in 1997.
The Pentateuch lies at the heart of the Western humanities. Yet despite nearly two centuries of scholarship, its historical origins and its literary history are still a subject of intense discussion. Critical scholarship has isolated multiple layers of tradition, inconsistent laws, and narratives that could only have originated from separate communities within ancient Israel, and were joined together at a relatively late stage by a process of splicing and editing. In effect, a number of independent scholarly discourses have emerged. Each centers on the Pentateuch, each operates with its own set of working assumptions, and each is confident of its own claims. This volume seeks to stimulate international discussion about the Pentateuch in order to help the discipline move toward a set of shared assumptions and a common discourse.
Satan : a biography
The books of the Bible. 1, The Old Testament/The Hebrew Bible
Method matters : essays on the interpretation of the Hebrew Bible in honor of David L. Petersen
Why I rejected Christianity : a former apologist explains
The documentary hypothesis and the composition of the Pentateuch : eight lectures
Sôfer Mahir : essays in honour of Adrian Schenker offered by editors of Biblia Hebraica Quinta
The Gospel of Judas : from Codex Tchacos
Albert Pietersma has long been known as a champion of rigorous methodology. The present volume brings together under one cover his key papers on the critical study of the Septuagint. Together they present an evolving hermeneutic of translation that promises to reconcile descriptive analysis of the text (which aims at explanation) with the task of interpretation (which aims at understanding). The division of the volume into three parts corresponds roughly to three distinct stages in Pietersma's published work. The text critical studies of Part I lay the foundations for the exegetical investigations of Part II, which in turn open onto the hermeneutic discussion of more recent years, represented in Part III. The bulk of the material deals with the Greek Psalter, which has been a primary focus for Pietersma. This gives the contents of the volume a high-degree of thematic unity; it will no doubt prove invaluable for those currently working on the Psalter. At the same time, the breadth of Pietersma's scholarship, and the significance of the methodological and hermeneutic issues he addresses, will make the book an important resource for all biblical scholars and students of early Judaism and Christianity, especially those working on the Hebrew-Greek translations of antiquity.
Northrop Frye on religion : excluding The great code and Words with power
A people tall and smooth-skinned : the rhetoric of Isaiah 18
Linguistic evidence for the northern origin of selected psalms
Hearing the whole story : the politics of plot in Mark's Gospel
Soundings in cultural criticism : perspectives and methods in culture, power, and identity in the New Testament
This monograph includes four lengthy studies on the Song of Songs, which together identify the northern dialect of the poetry, focus on the literary devices of alliteration and variation, and propose that the composition is akin to medieval Arabic hija' and tasbtb (or invective) poetic genres, aimed at critiquing the king and his court. The authors conclude that the poem was written during the period of the two monarchies, probably circa 900 B.C.E., somewhere in northern Israel, with the goal of censuring King Solomon and his descendants on the throne in Jerusalem.
In 'Traductor Scriptor', John Screnock situates the Old Greek translation of the Hebrew Bible within the broader scribal culture of the ancient world. Building on current methods in Septuagint studies and textual criticism, Screnock engages the evidence from Qumran, the Samaritan Pentateuch, and the Old Greek to argue that the phenomena of translation and transmission are fundamentally similar. 'Traductor Scriptor' presents a unique approach to the use of the Old Greek for textual criticism of the Hebrew Bible, based on new theoretical considerations and an in-depth analysis of text-critical data in the Old Greek translation and Hebrew manuscripts of Exodus 1-14.
A pillar of cloud to guide : text-critical, redactional, and linguistic perspectives on the Old Testament in Honour of Marc Vervenne
A Commentary on the Psalms. Volume 3 (90-150)
Recent research on the text of the Psalms and Gospels in Greek and in certain versions, principally Coptic, Georgian and Armenian, reveals common characteristics when attempting to separate later editions of a text from its earliest forms. The essays in this collection give concrete examples of the issues involved and suggested explanations for textual changes.
Implausible beliefs : in the Bible, astrology, and UFOS
The Books of Kings : sources, composition, historiography and reception
Christian no more : a personal journey of leaving Christianity and how you can leave too
Whose Bible is it anyway?
Reapplication of cultic language in Psalms 22, 23 and 24
Traductor scriptor : the old Greek translation of Exodus 1-14 as scribal activity
Final volume in acclaimed Psalms commentary by Allen P. Ross. For thousands of years, Psalms has been one of the richest resources for worship and development of the spiritual life. Pastors, teachers, and all serious students of the Bible will find this commentary invaluable for developing an understanding of Psalms and for improving one's ability to exposit it with precision and depth. This is the third of a three-volume commentary on Psalms.The commentary includes discussion throughout of the three primary challenges to understanding Psalms: - Textual issues: Every major textual difficulty is addressed in order to help the expositor understand the interpretive issues and make decisions when there are multiple available readings.- Poetic language: The Psalms are full of poetic imagery, devices, and structures. Ross discusses this "language" of Hebrew poetry in its context with each psalm, specifying the precise devices being used and how they work in the psalm.- Grammar and syntax: The Hebrew of Psalms poses a challenge to many expositors. This commentary illuminates Hebrew constructions and word meanings in a way that is helpful both to readers who are comfortable with Hebrew and those who are not.
Decolonizing Biblical studies : a view from the margins
Ritual and rhetoric in Leviticus : from sacrifice to scripture
The wife of Jesus : ancient texts and modern scandals
The Books of Samuel are an important source for the history of ancient Israel and a treasure not ony of Biblical literature, but of world literature. They deal with the first kings of Israel and the history of the 10th century BCE in Palestine, and they narrate of this time in an outstandingly artful way. In addition they set standards in the Biblical Jewish and Christian system of values, concerning the relationship between men and God, nation and people, power and law, war and peace, man and woman. The Books of Samuel have left their impact upon the arts over the centuries so that their reception history is exceptionally rich. Both early interpreters and modern scholars have discussed nearly every aspect of them. This volume contains contributions of leading scholars in the field as well as those of a new generation of exegetes. Questions are raised concerning the value of the Books of Samuel as historical source, the nature of their historical narrative, their literary composition, their literary-historical growth, their textual development (in the Masoretic text, in the Greek Septuagint, and in the writings of Qumran) and their reception history (in novels, music and arts). The volume embraces a wide range of approaches and methods and sheds light on a great number of texts and themes. Thus it represents the current state of inquiry and also raises new questions and views.
Old Testament theology : basic issues in the current debate
The liberated Gospel : a comparison of the Gospel of Mark and Greek tragedy
