http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10463 HPAC planning
HPAC planning heating, plumbing and ventilation planning
Integration of advanced technical systems
Industrial ventilation design guidebook
Competitor analysis and strategic marketing planning in a HVAC company : case company: LVI-Kallio Oy
Living spaces : sustainable building and design
Kuvitettu sanakirja suomi-englanti-suomi = Illustrated building dictionary Finnish-English-Finnish
Energy manual : sustainable architecture
SMM7 : standard method of measurement of building works authorised by agreement between the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors and the Building Employers Confederation
Sustainable Thermal Storage Systems : Planning Design and Operations
Achieving the desired indoor climate : energy efficiency aspects of system design
Autonomous design systems (ADS) in HVAC field : synergetics-based approach
Object-oriented energy economic and HVAC design software
Indoor air technology in the USA
Energy-efficient renovation of residential districts : cases from the Russian market
Air-conditioning systems design manual
Sustainable construction : green building design and delivery
The purpose of this graduation thesis was to study the operational principles of a ship air conditioning system, as well as the rules and related requirements. In addition, the system design related dimensioning calculations and principles were considered. This graduation thesis was commissioned by Foreship Ltd and will become a standard design guideline for the HVAC department. Furthermore, it will also be applied to other air conditioning related projects as well as being educational material for new employees. The air conditioning design of a new building cruise ship is divided into several phases. At the very beginning of the project, the air conditioning supplier prepares the DI & I drawings for the classification approvals. The second step is the basic design phase when the single line diagrams are prepared by the air conditioning supplier. The third and final design a phase is detail design when all earlier phase information is collected into the very detailed installation drawings and prefabrication drawings This graduation thesis focuses on the DI & I and basic design. The air conditioning system of a cruise ship operates in very challenging climates due to the high temperature and high humidity in the outdoor areas.The graduation thesis presents the air treatment process starting from air intakes through the air handling unit into the served space. The graduation thesis is also a starting point for a standardization project of Foreship Ltd HVAC department. The future target is to produce similar guidelines for the accommodation piping related systems as well.
Water-supply and public health engineering
Elements of plumbing
A design guideline for a cruise ship air conditioning system
Total hydronic balancing : a handbook for design and trouble-shooting of hydronic HVAC systems
The visual handbook of building and remodeling : a comprehensive guide to choosing the right materials and systems for every part of your home
