http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10492 consumption expenditure
consumption expenditure
What is the cost of living? : references budgets for a decent minimum standard of livin in Finland
Principles of public economics : a public choice approach
European marketing data and statistics 2001.
Global status report on alcohol and health
Parties, majorities, incumbencies : four essays in political economics
Private consumption in economic and environmental policy contexts
Consumer spending continues strong
Nordic alcohol statistics 2003-2010
Summary.
Studies on macroeconomics and uncertainty
Kotitaloustiedustelu 1976 = Hushållsbudgetundersökningen 1976 = Household survey 1976. Osa = Del = Volume 1, Kotitalouksien kulutusmenot = Hushållens konsumtionsutgifter = Household consumption expenditure
Kotitaloustiedustelu 1976 = Hushållsbudgetundersökningen 1976 = Household survey 1976. Osa = Del = Volume 2, Kulutusmenot väestöryhmittäin : kestokulutushyödykkeiden omistus = Konsumtionsutgifter enligt befolkningsgrupp : ägendet av varaktiga konsumtionsvaror = Consumption expenditure by population group : ownership of durable goods
Annual national accounts
Summary: Household consumption expenditure 1990.
Kotitaloustiedustelu 1966 = Household survey for 1966. 1, Tekstiosa = Textvolume
Zhongguo chengshi (zhen) shenghuo yu jiage nianjian = China urban life and price yearbook
Kotitalouksien kulutusmenot 1996 = Hushållens konsumtionsutgifter 1996 = Household consumption expenditure 1996.
Ympäristötilasto 2003 = Environment statistics 2003.
External imbalances and public finances in the EU
Kotitaloustiedustelu 1966 = Hushållsbudgetundersökningen 1966 = Household survey for 1966. 2, Liitetaulukko-osa = Tabellbilaga = Supplementary tables
This dissertation is comprised of three independent essays with the unifying theme of how uncertainty affects the macroeconomy. The first essay studies an incomplete market economy where the firm faces a non-trivial investment decision due to capital adjustment costs. The adjustment costs make the price of capital endogenous and help to explain the observed volatility of the returns to physical capital. The particular form of market incompleteness that is assumed in the essay is however not enough to match the observed price of risk. The essay contains also a technical contribution in showing how Arrow prices of contingent commodities can be used in computing the equilibrium in this class of models.The second essay studies the effect of population aging on asset prices. The modeling framework features deterministic transition paths for demographic structure and level of government expenditures along with aggregate uncertainty at business cycle frequency. The demographic transition leads to a projected increase of in tax rates that are needed to finance the government expenditures. This requires higher savings rates from households which reduces volatility of consumption growth and reduces the price of aggregate risk.The third essay is an empirical study which uses betting market data from the Swedish harness horse racing in conjunction with economic confidence indices. The main finding is that the risk attitudes of bettors that are reflected by the betting market data covary with the more traditional confidence measures in a reasonable way. The essay also contains a simple forecasting exercise which shows that the novel risk measure may also be useful in forecasting the industrial production. The results of the study are interpreted in terms of behavioral macroeconomics.
What is the cost of living? : reference budgets for a decent minimum standard of living in Finland
Households̕ consumption
Key figures on health : pocketbook
Kotitalouksien kulutusmenojen muutokset 1990-luvulla = Förändringar i hushållens konsumtionsutgifter under 1990-talet = Changes in household consumtion expenditure in the 1990s
Demand for food products in Finland : a demand system approach
Trends on the relationship between low income and low expenditure in Finland 1966-2001
Paying for progress : a new politics of tax for public spending
