http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10482 moral development
moral development
Building moral intelligence : the seven essential virtues that teach kids to do the right thing
Professional care and vocation : cultivating ethical sensibilities in teaching
Tehran blues : how Iranian youth rebelled against Iran's founding fathers
Ethics
Parenting and children's internationalization of values : a handbook of contemporary theory
The road to character
Empathy and moral development : implications for caring and justice
Morality, moral behavior, and moral development
Personality, identity, and character : explorations in moral psychology
Early beliefs and their social influence
Approaches to the development of moral reasoning
The adolescent : development, relationships, and culture
A feeling "deep down inside" : morality in C. S. Lewis's The Chronicles of Narnia
Women and moral theory
Abstract.
Educating the virtues : an essay on the philosophical psychology of moral development and education
Understanding corporate moral development in the context of rapid and radical changes : the case of Estonia
Being hurt and hurting others : children's narrative accounts and moral judgments of their own interpersonal conflicts
Instruction and the development of moral judgment
Beliefs, behavior and education
Understanding young children's behavior : a guide for early childhood professionals
Developing the whole child : the importance of the emotional, social, moral, and spiritual in early years education and care
Handbook of moral behavior and development. Vol. 1, Theory
Ethics in engineering
Labyrinth : an essay on the political psychology of change
Predictors of moral reasoning
Cross-cultural topics in psychology
Lectures on ethics
Religious education and human development : the relationship between studying religions and personal, social and moral education
"The New York Times bestselling author of The Rational Optimist and Genome returns with a fascinating, brilliant argument for evolution that definitively dispels a dangerous, widespread myth: that we can command and control our world.The Evolution of Everything is about bottom-up order and its enemy, the top-down twitch--the endless fascination human beings have for design rather than evolution, for direction rather than emergence. Drawing on anecdotes from science, economics, history, politics and philosophy, Matt Ridley's wide-ranging, highly opinionated opus demolishes conventional assumptions that major scientific and social imperatives are dictated by those on high, whether in government, business, academia, or morality. On the contrary, our most important achievements develop from the bottom up. Patterns emerge, trends evolve. Just as skeins of geese form Vs in the sky without meaning to, and termites build mud cathedrals without architects, so brains take shape without brain-makers, learning can happen without teaching and morality changes without a plan.Although we neglect, defy and ignore them, bottom-up trends shape the world. The growth of technology, the sanitation-driven health revolution, the quadrupling of farm yields so that more land can be released for nature--these were largely emergent phenomena, as were the Internet, the mobile phone revolution, and the rise of Asia. Ridley demolishes the arguments for design and effectively makes the case for evolution in the universe, morality, genes, the economy, culture, technology, the mind, personality, population, education, history, government, God, money, and the future.As compelling as it is controversial, authoritative as it is ambitious, Ridley's stunning perspective will revolutionize the way we think about our world and how it works"--
Soul, self, and society : the new morality and the modern state
The moral judgement of the child
"Political and social commentators regularly bemoan the decline of morality in the modern world. They claim that the norms and values that held society together in the past are rapidly eroding, to be replaced by permissiveness and empty hedonism. But as Edward Rubin demonstrates in this powerful account of moral transformations, these prophets of doom are missing the point. Morality is not diminishing; instead, a new morality, centered on an ethos of human self-fulfillment, is arising to replace the old one. As Rubin explains, changes in morality have gone hand in hand with changes in the prevailing mode of governance throughout the course of Western history. During the Early Middle Ages, a moral system based on honor gradually developed. In a dangerous world where state power was declining, people relied on bonds of personal loyalty that were secured by generosity to their followers and violence against their enemies. That moral order, exemplified in the early feudal system and in sagas like The Song of Roland, The Song of the Cid, and the Arthurian legends has faded, but its remnants exist today in criminal organizations like the Mafia and in the rap music of the urban ghettos. When state power began to revive in the High Middle Ages through the efforts of the European monarchies, and Christianity became more institutionally effective and more spiritually intense, a new morality emerged. Described by Rubin as the morality of higher purposes, it demanded that people devote their personal efforts to achieving salvation and their social efforts to serving the emerging nation-states. It insisted on social hierarchy, confined women to subordinate roles, restricted sex to procreation, centered child-rearing on moral inculcation, and countenanced slavery and the marriage of pre-teenage girls to older men. Our modern era, which began in the late 18th century, has seen the gradual erosion of this morality of higher purposes and the rise of a new morality of self-fulfillment, one that encourages individuals to pursue the most meaningful and rewarding life-path. Far from being permissive or a moral abdication, it demands that people respect each other's choices, that sex be mutually enjoyable, that public positions be allocated according to merit, and that society provide all its members with their minimum needs so that they have the opportunity to fulfill themselves. Where people once served the state, the state now functions to serve the people. The clash between this ascending morality and the declining morality of higher purposes is the primary driver of contemporary political and cultural conflict. A sweeping, big-idea book in the vein of Francis Fukuyama's The End of History, Charles Taylor's The Secular Age, and Richard Sennett's The Fall of Public Man, Edward Rubin's new volume promises to reshape our understanding of morality, its relationship to government, and its role in shaping the emerging world of High Modernity"--
Educational research and evaluation : vol. 9, number 1, March 2003.
Understanding children's development
Handbook of moral behavior and development. Vol. 3, Application
Heroes, saints & ordinary morality
What's wrong? : applied ethicists and their critics
Ten Commandments in a Child's Everyday Life : A tool for an Educator to Support a Child's Moral Development
Human development across the life span : educational and psychological applications
How college affects students. Volume 2 : a third decade of research
Conflict, contradiction, and contrarian elements in moral development and education
The young child as person : toward the development of healthy conscience
Cultivating an ethical school
The human spark : the science of human development
Some correlates of maturity of moral reasoning in Finland
The construction of children's character
Nietzsche's critiques : the Kantian foundations of his thought
Children's social consciousness and the development of social responsibility
Forgiveness, reconciliation, and moral courage : motives and designs for ministry in a troubled world
Morality and modernity
"A book that makes the case for evolution over design and skewers a widespread but dangerous myth: that we have ultimate control over our world"--
Belief, morals, and education : collected essays on the philosophy of education
Ethics from experience
Ten commandments in a child's everyday life: a tool for an educator to support a child's moral development
The moral sense
Moral development and moral education
Moral development, self, and identity
Handbook of moral development
Evolutionary origins of morality : cross-disciplinary perspectives
The moral intelligence of children
The development of empathy and role-taking skills in pupils from grades six to nine
Values clarification : a handbook of practical strategies for teachers and students
Following Kohlberg : liberalism and the practice of democratic community
Religious education, life questions, ethics and human rights education
The body and emotions in spiritual formation
The evolution of everything : how new ideas emerge
Prospects for a common morality
"Often the school is left as an institution seemingly ethically neutral, leaving untouched questions about whether the school itself is a site of injustice toward both educators and children. Springing from his well-known "Building an Ethical School", Robert J. Starratt now looks more closely at the educational leader's responsibility to ensure that the whole fabric of the educational process reflects an ethical philosophy of education. Starratt argues that the work of educating young people is by its very nature an ethical work as well as an intellectual work, and that this work inescapably engages educators and their pupils with an academic curriculum, a social curriculum, and a civic curriculum. "Cultivating an Ethical School" lays a foundation for educators seeking to cultivate a comprehensive ethical educating environment. The second half of the book then takes up the more specific perspectives on teaching and learning that constitute the heart of cultivating an ethical school. Starratt provides examples of how an ethical school can expose students to a variety of perspectives on the challenges they will be called upon to face in the worlds of culture, nature, and society. This valuable book shows leaders and educators the importance of organizing a curriculum and a pedagogy that simultaneously respects and cultivates the intellectual, personal, and social qualities of being human"-- Provided by publisher.
Rethinking the age of reform : Britain 1780-1850
Guilt and its vicissitudes : psychoanalytic reflections on morality
Concern for others : a new psychology of conscience and morality
Spirituality, ethics, and relationship in adulthood: clinical and theoretical explorations
Preadolescents' moral, spiritual and religious questions after September 11th 2001 terrorist attack
The construction of children's character : ninety-sixth yearbook of the National Society for the Study of Education, part 2
The servile mind : how democracy erodes the moral life
Learning to be moral : philosophical thoughts about moral development
Moral development through social interaction
Either/or. 1
Educational leadership : together creating ethical learning environments
Moral motivation through the life span
Religious experiences of children and young people : some research results and problems
Moral development theories - secular and religious : a comparative study
Abstract: This functional final thesis was done in co-operation with the Lutheran Evangelical Association of Finland (LEAF). The aim of the thesis was to provide a tool for Sunday school teachers and other educators to support a childʼs moral development. The moral view in the Ten Commandments in a Childʼs Everyday Life curriculum is based on the Bible and Lutheran doctrine about the Ten Commandments. As the main method the curriculum presents ten imaginative stories from the everyday lives of children, giving examples of how the Commandments could be encountered in a childʼs life. In addition, the curriculum provides paper puppets with background scenes and symbol cards to go along with the stories, as well as suggestions for the teachers for songs and crafts.   The theoretical framework of this thesis is the moral development of children. The different parts of the curriculum have been planned to teach the Ten Commandments through methods that are suitable for children under seven years old. The aim of keeping the full Lutheran Catechismal form of the Commandments set a real challenge for the curriculum targeting children of a wide age range. Therefore, the curriculum was developed even further during the process of the thesis to better meet the developmental needs of different age groups.   The product was tested in two testing rounds in several different groups: in the first round in a LEAFʼs family camp and in one Sunday school group, in the second round in two LEAFʼs Sunday school groups. Based on the feedback received from the second round of testing, the material was found to be supportive for the moral development of children. However, the whole extent of the curriculum was not tested in the second round. Therefore, the feedback cannot be fully applied to the material.   The tool also received developmental ideas that were not implemented as a part of this thesis process. However, these ideas can be used as the starting point for further development in the future. The feedback gave ideas for how the curriculum could be developed to make it even more suitable for the youngest children in the group. Ideas were also given to make the material more organized and manageable for such a short lesson time.
One morality - or multiple moralities? : religious ideology, conceptions of morality and rule systems of Finnish Evangelical Lutheran, Conservative Laestadian and nonreligious adolescents
The psychological basis of morality : an essay on value and desire
Friars' tales : thirteenth-century exempla from the British Isles : selected sources
The development of modes of moral thinking and choise in the years 10 to 16
The themes of moral dilemmas formulated by preadolescents
The psychology of moral development : the nature and validity of moral stages
Raising resilient children : fostering strength, hope, and optimism in your child
"#1 New York Times bestselling author David Brooks, a controversial and eye-opening look at how our culture has lost sight of the value of humility - defined as the opposite of self-preoccupation - and why only an engaged inner life can yield true meaning and fulfillment"--
Approaches to moral development : new research and emerging themes
Understanding children's development in the early years : questions practitioners frequently ask
Moral maturity : measuring the development of sociomoral reflection
"Emotional amoral egoism" : a neurophilosophical theory of human nature and its universal security implications
Moral development : current theory and research
Forms of intellectual and ethical development in the college years
Lawrence Kohlberg's approach to moral education
Promoting moral growth : from Piaget to Kohlberg
Promises, oaths, and vows : on the psychology of promising
The origin and development of the moral ideas. 1
Child rearing and the development of moral structure
Moral sensibilities and education. 1, the preschool child
Moral judgement from childhood to adolescence
Value presuppositions in theories of human development
Immorality
The moral life of schools
Varieties of moral personality : ethics and psychological realism
The ethic of care and its development : a longitudinal study among practical nursing, bachelor-degree social work and law enforcement students
Fairness in children : a social-cognitive approach to the study of moral development
The origin and development of the moral ideas : in two volumes
Supportive frameworks for youth engagement
Medieval exempla are key sources for religious and social history. This translation contains prime material for undergraduate teaching.
The passion of teaching : dispositions in the schools
Handbook of moral and character education
Values and knowledge
[Kierkegaard's writings]. [4], Either/or : part 2
Theories in educational psychology : concise guide to meaning and practice
Who cares? : theory, research, and educational implications of the ethic of care
Hindsight : the promise and peril of looking backward
Life span development : a topical approach
Evaluation of theft, lying and fighting in adolescence
The moral concerns and orientations of sixth- and ninth-grade students
The development of sociomoral knowledge : a cognitive-structural approach
A moral critique of contemporary education
In the fourteen articles collected in this volume, Gilligan and her colleagues expand the theoretical base of In A Different Voice and apply their research methods to a variety of life situations. The contrasting voices of justice and care clarify different ways in which women and men speak about relationships and lend different meanings to connection, dependence, autonomy, responsibility loyalty, peer pressure, and violence. By examining the moral dilemmas and self-descriptions of children, high school students, urban youth, medical students, mothers, lawyers, and others, the authors chart a new terrain: a mapping of the moral domain that includes the voices of women. In this new terrain the authors trace far-reaching implications of the inclusion of women's voices for developmental psychology, for education, for women, and for men.
Mutual aid : a factor of evolution
Values clarification : A handbook of practical strategies for teachers and students
Mapping the moral domain : a contribution of women's thinking to psychological theory and education
The de-moralization of society : from Victorian virtues to modern values
The origin and development of the moral ideas : in two volumes. Vol. 2
"I wrote this book not sure I could follow the road to character, but I wanted at least to know what the road looks like and how other people have trodden it."--David Brooks With the wisdom, humor, curiosity, and sharp insights that have brought millions of readers to his New York Times column and his previous bestsellers, David Brooks has consistently illuminated our daily lives in surprising and original ways. In The Social Animal, he explored the neuroscience of human connection and how we can flourish together. Now, in The Road to Character, he focuses on the deeper values that should inform our lives. Responding to what he calls the culture of the Big Me, which emphasizes external success, Brooks challenges us, and himself, to rebalance the scales between our "resume virtues"--achieving wealth, fame, and status--and our "eulogy virtues," those that exist at the core of our being: kindness, bravery, honesty, or faithfulness, focusing on what kind of relationships we have formed. Looking to some of the world's greatest thinkers and inspiring leaders, Brooks explores how, through internal struggle and a sense of their own limitations, they have built a strong inner character. Labor activist Frances Perkins understood the need to suppress parts of herself so that she could be an instrument in a larger cause. Dwight Eisenhower organized his life not around impulsive self-expression but considered self-restraint. Dorothy Day, a devout Catholic convert and champion of the poor, learned as a young woman the vocabulary of simplicity and surrender. Civil rights pioneers A. Philip Randolph and Bayard Rustin learned reticence and the logic of self-discipline, the need to distrust oneself even while waging a noble crusade. Blending psychology, politics, spirituality, and confessional, The Road to Character provides an opportunity for us to rethink our priorities, and strive to build rich inner lives marked by humility and moral depth. "Joy," David Brooks writes, "is a byproduct experienced by people who are aiming for something else. But it comes." Praise for David Brooks's The Social Animal "Provocative. seeks to do nothing less than revolutionize our notions about how we function and conduct our lives."--The Philadelphia Inquirer "[A] fascinating study of the unconscious mind and its impact on our lives."--The Economist "Compulsively readable. Brooks's considerable achievement comes in his ability to elevate the unseen aspects of private experience into a vigorous and challenging conversation about what we all share."--San Francisco Chronicle "Brooks surveys a stunning amount of research and cleverly connects it to everyday experience. As in [Bobos in Paradise], he shows genius in sketching archetypes and coining phrases."--The Wall Street Journal "Authoritative, impressively learned, and vast in scope."--Newsweek "An enjoyably thought-provoking adventure."--The Boston Globe"--
Freud, women, and morality : the psychology of good and evil
Teaching children moral values in the context of Finnish primary schools
Higher stages of human development : perspectives on adult growth
Educating moral sensibilities in urban schools
The moral judgment of the child
Moral development and reality : beyond the theories of Kohlberg and Hoffman
Ethical Life : Its Natural and Social Histories
Handbook of moral behavior and development. Vol. 2, Research
Moral development : advances in research and theory
The philosophy of moral development : moral stages and the idea of justice
The moral reasoning of adolescents gifted in science : a case study
"Morality is not declining in the modern world. Instead, a new morality is replacing the previous one. Centered on individual self-fulfillment, and linked to administrative government, it permits things the old morality forbid, like sex for pleasure, but forbids things the old morality allowed, like intolerance and equality of opportunity"--
Moral psychology. Volume 2, The cognitive science of morality : intuition and diversity
Theories of moral development
The emptied soul : on the nature of the psychopath
Toward a cognitive-developmental theory of attribution of responsibility : a critical review of empirical research and some preliminary data
The human propensity to take an ethical stance toward oneself and others is found in every known society, yet we also know that values taken for granted in one society can contradict those in another. Does ethical life arise from human nature itself? Is it a universal human trait? Or is it a product of one's cultural and historical context? Webb Keane offers a new approach to the empirical study of ethical life that reconciles these questions, showing how ethics arise at the intersection of human biology and social dynamics. Drawing on the latest findings in psychology, conversational interaction, ethnography, and history, Ethical Life takes readers from inner city America to Samoa and the Inuit Arctic to reveal how we are creatures of our biology as well as our history--and how our ethical lives are contingent on both. Keane looks at Melanesian theories of mind and the training of Buddhist monks, and discusses important social causes such as the British abolitionist movement and American feminism. He explores how styles of child rearing, notions of the person, and moral codes in different communities elaborate on certain basic human tendencies while suppressing or ignoring others.Certain to provoke debate, Ethical Life presents an entirely new way of thinking about ethics, morals, and the factors that shape them.
Debating moral education : rethinking the role of the modern university
Notes expository and critical on certain British theories of morals
