http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1040 heroes
heroes
Tank girl : Bad wind rising
Skylanders : secret agent secrets
Elric of Melniboné
Darkmouth
Daughter of blood
Hildebrandslied 65b : suggestions for a new reading and interpretation
In quest of the hero
My hero academia. 5, Shoto Todoroki : origin
The prize in the game
Captain Underpants and the preposterous plight of the purple potty people : the eighth epic novel
The legend of Zelda. [Vol 6] : Four swords. Part 1
The hidden kingdom
Heroes and heroines in antiquity inhabited a space somewhere between gods and humans. In this detailed, yet brilliantly wide-ranging analysis, Christopher Jones starts from literary heroes such as Achilles and moves to the historical record of those exceptional men and women who were worshiped after death. He asks why and how mortals were heroized, and what exactly becoming a hero entailed in terms of religious action and belief. He proves that the growing popularity of heroizing the dead - fallen warriors, family members, magnanimous citizens - represents not a decline from earlier practice but an adaptation to new contexts and modes of thought. The most famous example of this process is Hadrian's beloved, Antinoos, who can now be located within an ancient tradition of heroizing extraordinary youths who died prematurely. This book, wholly new and beautifully written, rescues the hero from literary metaphor and vividly restores heroism to the reality of ancient life.
Rum & bones
Sex. Book one, The summer of hard
The wise man's fear
Scooby-Doo! : team-up. Volume 2
Heroes of Kalevala
The legend of Zelda. [Vol 2] : Ocarina of time. Part 2
Silent Möbius. Vol. 3 / [English adaption by James D. Hudnall & Matt Thorn]
From the literary heritage of Turkic South-Siberia : Šor folkloric and shamanic texts : Xayïndïrïŋmay Baγay-ōl a Tuvan hero tale
Scarred
Skylanders : light in the dart
The land of legends and heroes
Saurex : the silent creeper
The dog
FOLKLORE, MYTHS & LEGENDS. Who were the Norse gods - the mighty Aesyr, led by Odinn, and the mysterious Vanir? In The Norse Myths we meet this passionate and squabbling pantheon, and learn of the mythological cosmos they inhabit. Passages translated from the Old Norse bring this legendary world to life, from the myths of creation to ragnarok, the prophesied end of the world at the hands of Loki's army of monsters and giants, and everything that comes in between: the problematic relationship between the gods and the giants, in which enmity and trickery are punctuated by marriages and seductions; the (mis) adventures of human heroes and heroines, with their family feuds, revenges, marriages and murders; and the interaction between the gods and mortals, as Odinn, the Allfather, betrays his human proteges in order to recruit (dead) heroes for his army.
In Talisman, you'll embark on a perilous quest for the ultimate treasure, the legendary Crown of command. You'll choose the warrior, priest, wizard, or one of eleven other heroes with powers both magical and mighty. But the path to the crown is treacherous. Legends say that only a fabled Talisman can safeguard you in the lands past the Portal of power. Yet, finding such an artifact is no small feat: monsters, traps, and evil magic wait to defeat you at every turn.
The legend of Zelda. [Vol 1] : Ocarina of time. Part 1
Dungeons & Dragons. 2 : First encounters
The heir of night
Eternal Warrior. Volume one, Sword of the wild
Scorched
Othergirl
Spirit of wonder
John Carter : World of Mars
Silent Möbius. Vol. 2 / [English adaption by James D. Hudnall & Matt Thorn]
Ever wonder how Princess Leia became the leader of the Resistance? When did she first join the fight against the Galactic Empire? What was her home planet like? How did she help destroy the Death Star? Who are her closest allies and greatest enemies? And how did she go from being a senator to a general? In this biography--filled with illustrations, character profiles, and fast facts--you'll learn the complete history of Princess Leia and her fight to free the galaxy.
The legend of Zelda. [Vol 7] : Four swords. Part 2
Heroes of World War I
The invasion of the potty snatchers : the third epic novel by George Beard and Harold Hutchins
RuneQuest legendary heroes
Darkmouth. Chaos descends
Badass bitches, damsels in distress, or something in between? : representation of female characters in superhero action films
Prince of thorns
Edge of destiny
Childrens book of mythical beasts and magical monsters
Heroes of Middle-Earth : J. Campbell's monomyth in J. R. R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings (1954-1955)
The legend of Zelda. Ocarina of time
DC Comics : a celebration of the world's favorite comic book heroes
Disney's adventure stories
In Runebound, you take on the role of a questing hero, ready to forge your own destiny. In each game you'll search ancient ruins, fight vicious battles, and learn powerful new skills. Dangerous forces threaten Terrinoth, and only the greatest hero can defeat them and restore peace. Will you become a living legend?
Tank girl. Apocalypse
How to be a superhero
Percy Jackson and the Greek gods
E. Aster Bunnymund and the warrior eggs at the earth́s core
Thorn Jack : a night and nothing novel
Heroines and hysterics
Okko : the sand monster
Kabuki. Vol. 4 : skin deep / Connie Jiang, editor ; [introduction by Alex Ross]
The ring of the Nibelung
We hate Tank girl
Meet Mike the Knight
In the Runewars board game, two to four players each control a powerful fantasy empire and compete to dominate the land. Alas, conquering Terrinoth is no simple task. Each empire must recruit armies, enlist the help of brave heroes to quest for powerful artifacts, and negotiate with the land's other inhabitants, placing each race's diplomatic skill and political prowess to the test. By mastering the arts of conquest, questing, and empire management, one race will claim enough of the sacred dragon runes to unite all of Terrinoth under its banner.
Collection of stories features retellings of both movies, plus brand-new stories about Lighning McQueen, Mater, Sally, Guido and Luigi, and the rest of the gang.
The death-defying pepper roux
The maid
Kvothe takes his first steps on the path of the hero as he attempts to uncover the truth about the mysterious Amyr, the Chandrian, and the death of his parents. Along the way, Kvothe is put on trial by the legendary Adem mercenaries, forced to reclaim the honor of the Edema Ruh, and travels into the Fae realm where he meets Felurian, the faerie woman no man can resist.
Gunsmith cats: Bad trip / translation by Dana Lewis & Toren Smith ; lettering and retouch by Susie Lee & Pc Orz
Dungeons & Dragons. 3 : Down
The hero in America : a chronicle of hero-worship
125 true stories of amazing animals
Joe the barbarian
Percy Jackson and the Greek heroes
Simon is discovered in the Hong Kong docks in 1948 and smuggled on board the H.M.S Amethyst by a British sailor who takes pity on the malnourished kitten. The young cat quickly acclimates to his new water-borne home, establishing himself as the chief rat-catcher in residence while also winning the hearts of the entire crew. Then the Amethyst is ordered to sail up the Yangtze to take over the guarding of the British Embassy, and tragedy strikes as the ship comes under fire from Communist guns. Many of the crew are killed and Simon is among those who are seriously wounded. Luckily, with the help of the ship's doctor, the brave cat makes a full recovery and is soon spending time with the injured men in the sick bay, purring and keeping their spirits up. News of Simon's heroism spreads and he becomes famous world-wide but it is still a long journey back to England for both the crew and the plucky little cat known as 'Able Seacat Simon'.
Descent : Journeys in the dark. Second edition
Thoron : the living storm
Heroic poetry
The gathering of the lost
Tank girl : the gifting
The legend of Zelda. [Vol 5] : Oracle of ages
The Norse myths : a guide to the gods and heroes
Super happy magic forest. Slug of doom
Darkmouth : world's explode
Boss monster : the dungeon building card game
Lightning Rod faces the Cyclops Queen
The three heroes of Finland : and other stories
Mike the knight and wizard's treasure
The adventures of Brigadier Gerard
Batman : The killing joke
Eighteen-year-old Bitterblue, queen of Monsea, realizes her heavy responsibility and the futility of relying on advisors who surround her with lies as she tries to help her people to heal from the thirty-five-year spell cast by her father, a violent psychopath with mind-altering abilities.
The cat who walks through years : Chris Claremont's X-men as Kitty Pryde's bildungsroman
Century 21 : classic comic strips from the worlds of Gerry Anderson. Menace from space
The Byronic hero in film, fiction and television
Gryph : the feathered fiend
Karixa : the diamond warrior
A heartbroken baker and a charming but womanizing tour guide embark on an experiment to prove their respective gender's quality and trustworthiness while regaining self-respect, only to become the subject of gossip in their small hometown.
Runewars
The Zin letters : the Kalikos society Gloranthan magazine. 4
The legend of Zelda. [Vol 3] : Majora's mask
Dark and stormy knights
The secret history of Tom Trueheart : boy adventurer
Gunsmith cats : kidnapped
Bylina and fairy tale : the origins of Russian heroic poetry
People's republic
Ghosts of Ascalon
Cars : storybook collection
Boris saves the show
Highland hero
Darkmouth : chaos descends
The burning city
The heroes of Attica
Tales of real heroism
National myths and heroes : a case of Vytautas the Great in Lithuania
Jack London's new-womanish heroines Frona Welse, Margaret West and Saxon Roberts
I am the messenger
Nicholas St. North and the battle of the Nightmare King
The death-tales of the Ulster heroes
The entropy of bones : a novel
Best of my love
Sporting heroes
The deaths of Tao
The superhero book : the ultimate encyclopedia of comic-book icons and Hollywood heroes
The Book Thief & I Am the Messenger
The book of heroes : tales of history's most daring dudes
Batman : Year one
When he was nine, he watched his mother and brother killed before him. By the time he was thirteen, he was the leader of a band of bloodthirsty thugs. By fifteen, he intends to be king... It's time for Prince Honorous Jorg Ancrath to return to the castle he turned his back on, to take what's rightfully his. Since the day he was hung on the thorns of a briar patch and forced to watch Count Renar's men slaughter his mother and young brother, Jorg has been driven to vent his rage. Life and death are no more than a game to him-and he has nothing left to lose. But treachery awaits him in his father's castle. Treachery and dark magic. No matter how fierce, can the will of one young man conquer enemies with power beyond his imagining?
Black Lightning. Year one
Girl heroes : the new force in popular culture
Tales of ancient Egypt
Told from separate viewpoints, teens Scam, Crash, Flicker, Anonymous, Bellwether, and Kelsie, all born in the year 2000 and living in Cambria, California, have superhuman abilities that give them interesting but not heroic lives until they must work as a community to respond to a high stakes crisis.
The book of heroes
The lives of Tao
New heroes in Antiquity : from Achilles to Antinoos
Princess Leia : royal rebel
The rebirths of Tao
The story of Kullervo
Ascension : deckbuilding game
Kabuki. [Library edition. vol. 1]
Firefight
The world of cars
Drakuun. Volume 2 : The revenge of Gustav / translation: Dana Lewis & Toren Smith
Percy Jackson and the titan's curse: the graphic novel
Black Friday
The Kane chronicles : survival guide
Kabuki. Vol. 3 : masks of the Noh
Talisman : the magical quest game
Tank girl : Carioca
Hadon of ancient Opar
Sweeter with you
Truth, justice, and the American way? : the popular geopolitics of American identity in contemporary superhero comics
Runebound
Toothiana queen of the tooth fairy armies
Batman vs. superman : the greatest battles
Cam's down-and-out father gives him a cardboard box for his birthday and he knows it's the worst present ever. So to make the best of a bad situation, they bend the cardboard into a man-and to their astonishment, it comes magically to life. But the neighborhood bully, Marcus, warps the powerful cardboard into his own evil creations that threaten to destroy them all! / WolrdCat.
Road to Valour : Gino Bartali : Tour de France legend and world war two hero
Mike the Knight and the mighty shield
The escape
The wicked + the divine. Vol. 1, The faust act
Batman : the Dark Knight returns
The armed garden and other stories
