http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10414 historical research
historical research
Modern drama and the rhetoric of theater
Landscape dynamics : spatial analyses of villages and farms on Gotland AD 200-1700
Fifty major political thinkers
The historian as detective : essays on evidence
Suomen historiallinen bibliografia 1951-1960 = Finsk historisk bibliografi = Finnish historical bibliography
History today : Helsinki
An American scholar in Finland
Translation studies
Debates with historians
The search for ancient Egypt
A History of Oriental Studies in Poznań
In the workshop of history
Gender questions and current challenges for Luther and Reformation studies
Boulainvilliers and the French monarchy : aristocratic politics in early eighteenth-century France
At a time when much attention is focused on the Horn of Africa as one of Africa's most war-ravaged regions and a continued source of security concern regionally and globally, this Discussion Paper provides deep insights into the complex dimensions of and linkages between the violent conflicts in the region. Delving into history and the core and contextual factors underpinning these wars in the postcolonial era, the author provides a conceptual framework for grappling with the complex inter- and intra-state conflicts by focusing on the institutional and structural causes of war. He goes on to make a compelling argument that conflict for institutional and democratic state transformation in the Horn of Africa is a fundamental step towards long-term peace and sustainable development.
FNG Research
Screening America ; United States history through film since 1900
Altered pasts : counterfactuals in history
Macrohistory and macrohistorians : perspectives on individual, social and civilizational change
Some remarks on the history of the field studies in the Komi ethnography
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 1997.
Dark Tourism and Destination Marketing
American studies today : new research agendas
The year's work in medievalism. 17 (2002)
Historical analysis in geography
The Routledge international handbook on narrative and life history
The Third Reich and the Holocaust in German historiography : towards the Historikerstreit of the mid-1980s
The ends of the earth : an anthology of the finest writing on the Arctic and the Antarctic
History and fiction : writers, their research, worlds and stories
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 1998, vol. 2.
Emerging themes of African history : Proceedings of the International congress of African historians held at University college, Dar es Salaam, October 1965
Some reflections upon the study of history
On the edge of the cliff : history, language, and practices
Why cultural studies?
Storylines : politics, history and narrative from an Arendtian perspective
Historical writing in England. 2, C. 1307 to the early sixteenth century
Hidden figures : the American dream and the untold story of the Black women mathematicians who helped win the space race
Radiocarbon dating Thule culture
In defense of history
Conference report : new focus on retrospective methods : 13th-14th September, 2010, Bergen, Norway
A history of the world
No abstract
Salomon Ilmonen, early Finnish-American historian
A new kind of history and other essays
The inventions of history : essays on the representation of the past
Works by soviet historians on the history of Central and Southeast Europe written between 1965 and 1969
The great documents of western civilization
Constructing the American past : a source book of a people's history
On the paradigms of Uralic comparative studies
Man and crisis
African studies in the digital age : DisConnects?
Enlightenment historiography : three German studies
Historical empathy and perspective taking in the social studies
Making a historical culture : historiography in Norway
Managing science : methodology and organization of research
New studies in modern Russian literature and culture : essays in honor of Stanley J. Rabinowitz
Historiography in modern India
The varieties of history : from Voltaire to the present
Monks, clerks, and King Arthur: reading Geoffrey of Monmouth in the twelfth and thirteenth centuries
Scripta historica. 2
Literature in the modern world. Block 8, Literature and history
Transactions of the Royal Historical Society
Historical explanation reconsidered
Winter in Prague : documents on Czechoslovak communism in crisis
Chinese historiography in comparative perspective
The monk and his message : undermining the myth of history
"The study of space and place is unquestionably becoming an important research focus in the humanities and social sciences. And while there is an expanding body of theoretical work on the importance of these concepts in various disciplines, less attention has been paid to how spatial ideas and approaches can actually be deployed to understand the societies, cultures, and mentalities of the past. In this volume, leading experts explore the uses of space in two respects: how spatial concepts can be employed by or applied to the study of history, and how spaces and spatial ideas were used for practical and ideological purposes in specific periods. Together, the contributors represent a comprehensive range of disciplines concerned with space and history, including archaeology, social history, intellectual history, imperial history, geography, and cartography, allowing for an unusually broad variety of case studies and perspectives"--
The changing picture of Warsaw Positivism in Polish historiography 1918-1939
Isis in Babylonia?
Smallpox, Syphilis and salvation : medical breakthroughs that changed the world
Mapping historians : historians' orientations and historical production
Comparative education : the construction of a field
Within and beyond oral history in Russia
The historiography of the British Empire-Commonwealth : trends, interpretations, and resources
Common pitfalls in historical writing
The volume explores the state of contemporary American Studies in the light of recent developments and currently emerging perspectives of research. Featuring contributions by leading American Studies scholars from the German-speaking world, the collection of essays represents a broad spectrum of thematic, theoretical and methodological approaches that constitute major research agendas within current American Studies. It also includes contributions by renowned colleagues from the U.S. which provide a transatlantic framework of scholarly debate. In line with the original, dialogic conference for.
"Teaching Recent Global History explores innovative ways to teach world history, beginning with the early 20th century. The authors' unique approach unites historians, social studies teachers, and educational curriculum specialists to offer historically rich, pedagogically innovative, and academically rigorous lessons that help students connect with and deeply understand key events and trends in recent global history. Highlighting the best scholarship for each major continent, the text explores the ways that this scholarship can be adapted by teachers in the classroom in order to engage and inspire students. Each of the eight main chapters highlights a particularly important event or theme, which is then complemented by a detailed discussion of a particular methodological approach. Key features include: An overarching narrative that helps readers address historical arguments; Relevant primary documents or artifacts, plus a discussion of a particular historical method well-suited to teaching about them; Lesson plans suitable for both middle and secondary level classrooms; Document-based questions and short bibliographies for further research on the topic.This invaluable book is ideal for any aspiring or current teacher who wants to think critically about how to teach world history and make historical discussions come alive for students"--
International Organization for the Study of the Old Testament : 20th Congress of IOSOT : Helsinki, 1-6 August 2010
Einar Barnes and the Lost Tradition of Dagur Studies in Norway
Visual vocabulary, visual strategy
The western spread of Permic hydronyms
The nation should come first : Marxism and historiography in East Central Europe
Reclaiming the personal : oral history in post-socialist Europe
The historian's craft
History : its theory and practice
Viking Age in Finland : identity and identification : pre-print materials of the seminar “Identity and identification and the Viking Age in Finland (with special emphasis on the Åland Islands)” : Mariehamn, Åland 03.-04.09.2012
History and criticism
Jazz research and the moments of change
Why a network for retrospective methods?
The selected works of Andrew Lang. Volume 2, Literary ctiricism, history, biography
Essaying the past : how to read, write and think about history
Maoism at the grassroots : everyday life in China's era of high socialism
Visions of history
Proof and persuasion in history
The heritage crusade and the spoils of history
The study of history : a bibliographical guide
Research methodology in history
Nordkalotten and central power during 1000 years
Heritage has burgeoned over the past quarter of a century from a small elite preoccupation into a major popular crusade. Everything from Disneyland to the Holocaust Museum, from the Balkan wars to the Northern Irish troubles, from Elvis memorabilia to the Elgin Marbles bears the marks of the cult of heritage. In this acclaimed 1998 book David Lowenthal explains the rise of this obsession with the past and examines its power for both good and evil.
A guide to historical method
Fashioning history : current practices and principles
An excellent introduction to methodology in history which will be read with advantage by historians at any stage of their development. History Can easily be handled by the general reader wanting to know what is happening to history today. British Book News This classic introduction to the study of history invites the reader to stand back and consider some of its most fundamental questions - What is the point of studying history? How do we know about the past? Does an objective historical truth exist and can we ever access it? In answering these central questions, John Tosh argues that, despite the impression of fragmentation created by postmodernism in recent years, history is a coherent discipline which still bears the imprint of its nineteenth-century origins. Consistently clear-sighted, he provides a lively and compelling guide to a complex and sometimes controversial subject, while making his readers vividly aware of just how far our historical knowledge is conditioned by the character of the sources and the methods of the historians who work on them. The fifth edition has been revised and updated throughout, with the addition of new sections on: * Global history * Comparative history * Postcolonialism * Women's and gender history * Oral history and memory Lucid and engaging, this new edition retains all the user-friendly features that have helped to make this book a favourite with both students and lecturers, including marginal glosses, illustrations, suggested further reading and boxed guides to key events and people.
Building a visual vocabulary : the methodology of 'reading' images in context
Ideals & idols : Essays on values in history and in art
The origins of history
New perspectives on historical writing
The material of English history
Main trends in history
The landscape has played - and continues to play - an important role in the process of constructing a national identity in Finland. In this process, certain areas and views, whether real or imaginary, are designated as vital symbols of the national culture. The landscape is not merely an image, a map or a view of the existing motherland, however. It is also a part of the nation's history, which is marked in the landscape in the form of significant buildings and monuments to historical events, so that the past may be seen as forming an unbroken continuum with the present. Work is constantly going on to maintain and renew the national traditions of landscape description. This means that whatever its age and nostalgic associations, the landscape is an integral part of our present-day lives. The images, maps, and discourses associated with the landscape may have altered in the course of time, and even the physical areas or views may have been replaced with new ones, but the ideal of a Finnish landscape has persisted. The signs and significations attached to it thus remain a powerful part of our national culture.
Critical factors in the Horn of Africa's raging conflicts
The digital humanities and Islamic & Middle East studies
Documents on British policy overseas. Series 3, vol. 8, The invasion of Afghanistan and UK-Soviet relations, 1979-1982
Guide to documents and manuscripts in the Irish Republic relating to Russia and the Soviet Union
The future of the past : new perspectives on Ukrainian history
Longitudinal comparative historical analysis : challenges and possibilities
Redescriptions : yearbook of political thought, conceptual history and feminist theory. 2012/2013, vol. 16
The Linguistic Background of the  Ancient Meshchera Tribe and Principal Areas of  Settlement
Critical approaches to comics : theories and methods
Guide to documents and manuscripts in the United Kingdom relating to Russia and the Soviet Union
Corridor talk to culture history : public anthropology and its consequences
Suomen historiallinen bibliografia = Finsk historisk bibliografi = Finnish historical bibliography : 1951-1960
This book is a remarkable feat of scholarship - so remarkable in fact that I put it in the same league as the great classics of the field that had so much to do with setting the direction of 'Comparative Education'. Indeed, this volume goes further than earlier classics to reveal, through textual analysis and interviews with key figures, how the epistemological foundations of the field and crucial professional developments combined to, as the title indicates, construct Comparative Education. Manzon's work is indispensable - a word I do not use lightly - for scholars who seek a genuine grasp of the field: how it was formed and by whom, its major theoreticians, its professional foundations, and so on. Clearly too, this book marks the rise of a young star, Maria Manzon, who shows promise of joining the ranks of our field's most illustrious thinkers.
Historian's handbook : a key to the study and writing of history
The social history of the archive : record-keeping in early modern Europe
The dimensions of history
The use and abuse of history
Medieval studies in Finland : a survey
"Architects of World History presents an innovative collection of original essays by leading scholars associated with World History, exploring through intellectual autobiography the ideas, challenges, and inspirations that are shaping the field. Features original, accessible contributions from pioneering scholars in the field. Offers insights into the process of developing a workable world history research topic and the experience of professional life as a world historian. Points to methodological challenges; the scholar's current research agenda in relation to the development of world history; and future directions anticipated for key areas within world history"--
Suomen historiallinen bibliografia 1971-1980 = Finsk historisk bibliografi = Finnish historical bibliography
The construction of Anglo-Saxon legendary history
The afterlife of idealism : the impact of new idealism on British historical and political thought, 1945-1980
Nationalism in modern Indian historiography : the problem of the nation's unity as seen by the modern Indian historian s
The expression of historical knowledge
New challenges in European urban history
The theory of capitalist imperialism
Architects of world history : researching the global past
Quantification in history
The mind and method of the historian
The ninth biennial meeting of the INBCH at the university of Klaipėda, 2014.
Forestry in Namibia 1850-1990
The new media handbook
The journal of the historical society
Rethinking national literatures and the literary canon in Scandinavia
Comparative women's history : new approaches
A history of the Soviet Union : 1917-1991 : final edition
Practicing history : new directions in historical writing after the linguistic turn
Postcolonial studies across the disciplines
Where is history today? : new ways of representing the past
In this provocative analysis of historical narrative, Michel-Rolph Trouillot demonstrates how power operates, often invisibly, at all stages in the making of history to silence certain voices. From the West's failure to acknowledge the Haitian Revolution, the most successful slave revolt in history, to the continued debate over denials of the Holocaust, and the meaning of Columbus's arrival in the Americas, Trouillot shows us that history is not simply the recording of facts and events, but a process of actively enforced silences, some unconscious, others quite deliberate.
Samoyedic studies : a state-of-the-art report
A manual of textual analysis
This volume demonstrates a new approach to cultural history, as it now being practiced by both historians and musicologists, in their quest to grasp the realms of human experience understanding, communication and meaning through the study of music and of musical practices.
Fiction through metaphor : a case study of The God of small things
The Anglo-Saxon charms : texts in context
What is history? : the George Macaulay Trevelyan lectures delivered in the University of Cambridge, January-March 1961
"Classics of International Relations introduces, contextualises and assesses 24 of the most important works on international relations of the last 100 years. Providing an indispensable guide for all students of IR theory, from advanced undergraduates to academic specialists, it asks why are these works considered classics? Is their status deserved? Will it endure? It takes as its starting point Norman Angell's best-selling The Great Illusion (1909) and concludes with Daniel Deudney's award winning Bounding Power (2006). The volume does not ignore established classics such as Morgenthau's Politics Among Nations and Waltz's Theory of International Politics, but seeks to expand the 'IR canon' beyond its core realist and liberal texts. It thus considers emerging classics such as Linklater's critical sociology of moral boundaries, Men and Citizens in the Theory of International Relations, and Enloe's pioneering gender analysis, Bananas, Beaches and Bases. It also innovatively considers certain 'alternative format' classics such as Kubrick's satire on the nuclear arms race, Dr Strangelove, and Errol Morris's powerful documentary on war and US foreign policy, The Fog of War. With an international cast of contributors, many of them leading authorities on their subject, Classics of International Relations will become a standard reference for all those wishing to make sense of a rapidly developing and diversifying field." -- Publisher website.
Redescriptions : yearbook of political thought and conceptual history. 2004, vol. 8
Southern historiography in modern history : figural and philosophical aspects of historical discourse in Virginia and South Carolina, 1800-1844
Ancient kings of Peru : the reliability of the Chronicle of Fernando de Montesinos : correlating the dynasty lists with current prehistoric periodization in the Andes
Historiography and the British Marxist historians
The Finnish landscape and its meanings
This is a characteristically provocative and engaging essay from one of the world's most distinguished social scientists. Jack Goody argues that Occidentalist views of our past have continued to dominate, to an unhealthy degree, and that the west has managed to steal credit for the invention of major conceptual categories like democracy, capitalism and individualism, and also to impose its own conceptual categories (especially those of time) onto the rest of the world.The Theft of History will be read by an unusually wide audience of historians, anthropologists and social theorists.
Doing oral history
A Sociohistorical View of Cultural Policies
Fifty major documents of the twentieth century
Fame and infamy : essays for Christopher Pelling on characterization in Greek and Roman biography and historiography
Non-canonical case-marking on core arguments in Lithuanian : a historical and contrastive perspective
A magnificent history of the gene and a response to the defining question of the future: What becomes of being human when we learn to "read" and "write" our own genetic information? Siddhartha Mukherjee has a written a biography of the gene as deft, brilliant, and illuminating as his extraordinarily successful biography of cancer. Weaving science, social history, and personal narrative to tell us the story of one of the most important conceptual breakthroughs of modern times, Mukherjee animates the quest to understand human heredity and its surprising influence on our lives, personalities, identities, fates, and choices.
The varieties of history from Voltaire to the present
Guide to the sources of the history of Africa = Guide des sources de l'histoire de l'Afrique. 8, Scandinavia : sources in Denmark, Norway and Sweden
Oral history and life stories as a research area in Estonian history, folkloristics and ethnology
Environmental education in the 21st century : theory, practice, progress and promise
Behind the texts and notes and the edition : M. A. Castrén's lectures on mythology
The gene : an intimate history
Historical interpretation. I : Sources of English medieval history, 1066-1540
When the state falls : studies on intervention in the Sierra Leone civil war
The musical realism of Leoš Janáček : from speech melodies to a theory of composition
What is history?
Rapports. 1, Grands themes, methodologie, sections chronologiques (I)
The historian and the interview
A history of historical writing. Volume 2 : The eighteenth and nineteenth centuries
Suomen historiallinen bibliografia = Finsk historisk bibliografi = Finnish historical bibliography. 1951-1960
The spectacle of history : speech, text, and memory at the Iran-contra hearings
Papers of the 29th International Congress of Paper Historians, Stockholm, Sweden, 27-31 May 2008
After the king : the future of New Sweden in American scholarship
Between time and space
The Oxford handbook of the new cultural history of music
Studying history : some practical suggestions
The practice of history
History & film : methodology research education : the proceedings of the 8. International Conference on History and the Audio-Visual Media, Amersfoort, September 1979
Unmanageable opera? : the artistic-economic dichotomy and its manifestations in the organisational structures of five opera organisations
Beyond the wall : exploring George R. R. Martin's A song of ice and fire, from A game of thrones to A dance with dragons
What is cultural history?
The theft of history
The cowboy politics of an enlightened future : history, expansionism, and guardianship in Isaac Asimov's science fiction
What actually happened in Estonian political history : stories of the 20th century events from the viewpoint of popular narrated history
Classics of international relations : essays in criticism and appreciation
Studies of wooden churches in Finland : Josef Strzygowski and Lars Petterson
Going to the sources : a guide to historical research and writing
Teaching recent global history : dialogues among historians, social studies teachers, and students
The history of Lapland and the case of the Sami noaidi drum figures reversed
The map of lost memories : a novel
The historiography of the British empire-commonwealth : trends, interpretations, and resources
Suomen historiallinen bibliografia 1951-1960 = Finsk historisk bibliografi 1951-1960 = Finnish historical bibliography
An intelligent person's guide to history
Researches in the history of the countries of the East (1965-1969)
The pursuit of history : aims, methods and new directions in the study of modern history
World historians and their critics
Oral history : talking about the past
Technology acceptance of digital historical record database systems among historians
"This edited volume explores the stunning diversity in behavior, outlook, and viewpoints at the grassroots level of society during the Mao Zedong era. Men had gay relationships in factory dormitories, teens penned searing complaints in diaries, mentally ill individuals in the Beijing suburbs cursed Mao, and farmers formed secret societies, founded new dynasties, and worshipped forbidden spirits. These diverse undercurrents were at least as mainstream in people's everyday lives as the ideas found in Mao's Little Red Book or People's Daily editorials. Bringing together senior scholars and up-and-coming researchers from China, Europe, North America, and Taiwan, the book draws on rare documents to challenge top-down historical narratives. Focusing on crime, labels, and punishment; mobilization; culture and communication; and discontent, the chapters reveal how people individually and collectively negotiated structures of power. Bringing readers stories of aggrieved schoolteachers in rural Hunan, Uyghur officials in Xinjiang, armed rebels on the southwest frontier, and disaffected youth in Tianjin, the volume sheds light on the traumas and unexpected turning points during China's years of high socialism, raising the question of whether 'Mao's China' ever existed at all"--Provided by publisher.
The reconstruction of American history
Poland and Ukraine in the 1930s and 1940s : documents from the Archives of the Secret Services
Attitudes toward history
Eighteenth-century London through masks : notes on disguise, authenticity, and libertinage in eighteenth-century London city guides
Historical research
Irrefutable evidence : adventures in the history of forensic science
Documents on British policy overseas : Series 3, vol. 7. German unification, 1989-90
Silencing the past : power and the production of history
Arthur's Britain : history and archaeology AD 367-634
All the diamonds in the world
Urbanity as national otherness
Studies in quantitative history and the logic of the social sciences
Words of power : studies in Rabbinic authority and literature
Fifty key thinkers on history
Historians and africanist history : a critique : post-colonial historiography examined
From the real Roma to imaginary gypsies : the Finnish Roma music and early scholarly study of Roma's music
International journal of sino-western studies
Theory and processes of history
On research methodology in ancient and Byzantine history
The bias of communication
Fibula, fabula, fact : the Viking Age in Finland
Media history and the archive
Scripting revolution : a historical approach to the comparative study of revolutions
Historical scholarship in America : needs and opportunities
A study of history
Two Hundred Years of Finnish Romani Linguistics
What, exactly, was the Charity Organization Society? Was it a cluster of affluent women imposing their moral propriety on the poor in the early 20th Century? Or was it the first concerted effort to professionalize previously random, subjective allocations of benefits and entitlements? This book will help researchers explore systematically such fascinating questions and debates in social work and social welfare history.   Mastering how to pose historical questions is as essential as finding the answers. This book, from its wide-ranging coverage of historiographic theory to detailed guidelines for conducting oral history and archival research, offers clear and practical research tools: how to design a study, select primary sources, understand the vocabulary of archives, determine useful secondary sources, and analyze them all. The book also features a guide to archives and special collections that details their holdings, access and locations, and research grants - essential knowledge for any researcher.   The thrill of stumbling across unexplored data in the stacks of a library is notorious. Now, this clearly written pocket guide will help established scholars as well as doctoral students get the most out of historical data.
With summaries.
The uses and abuses of history
A history of historical writing. Volume 1 : From the earliest times to the end of the seventeenth century
The uses of space in early modern history
Theatres of memory. 1, Past and present in contemporary culture
God, history, and historians : an anthology of modern Christian views of history
An introduction to the history of Israel and Judah
The urban mind : cultural and environmental dynamics
The political sciences : general principles of selection in social science and history
Redefining the legal and canonical role of the old believers marriage in 19th century Russia : a history of one case
The history of West Europe and North America in the works of Sovjet scholars in 1965-1969
Secular change of the seasonal sea level variation in the Baltic sea and secular change of the winter climate
