http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10425 criminal law
criminal law
Information technology law
Criminal law : theory and doctrine
The Peace and Security Council of the African Union : its relationship with the United Nations, the African Union and sub-regional mechanisms
Fighting for girls : new perspectives on gender and violence
Gentle justice : analysis of open prison systems in Finland : a way to the future
Cases and readings on criminal law and procedure
Crimes of mobility : criminal law and the regulation of immigration
Law and order in American history
Encyclopedia of crime and justice. 3, Identification - Psychology and crime
Sexual health, human rights and the law
The pocket a - z of criminal justice
General principles of criminal law
Justice and efficiency? : the royal commission on criminal justice
Criminal justice research methods : theory and practice
A digest of the criminal law : indictable offences
Rape and womanś identity
Fundamentals of criminal law
Who is responsible? : war crimes in Chechnya
An introduction to comparative legal models of criminal justice
The system of criminal law cases and materials : New South Wales, Victoria, South Australia
Eighteenth century penal theory
This handbook provides an authoritative map of the landscape of forensic science within the criminal justice system of the UK. It sets out the features of the subject, covering the disciplinary, technological, organizational and legislative resources that are brought together to make up contemporary forensic science practice.
The challenge of crime in a free society : a report by the president's commission on law enforcement and administration of justice
Media, crime, and criminal justice : images, realities, and policies
European inter-state co-operation in criminal matters : the council of Europe's legal instruments. 3
Law and the administration of justice
Federal criminal law and its enforcement
The coming penal crisis : a criminological and theological exploration
A theory of criminal justice
Victims' status at international and hybrid criminal courts : victims' status as witnesses, victim participants/civil participants/civil parties and reparations claimants
The dynamics of criminological research
Research methods in criminal justice and criminology : a mixed methods approach
The last time I saw her : a novel
Finland drug situation 2010 : new developments, trends and in-depth information on selected issues : 2010 national report to the EMCDDA
Barbara Wootton : selected writings. Volume 1, Crime and the penal system I
Harris's Criminal law
Glasgow tercentenary essays : 300 years of the School of Law
National criminal justice thesaurus : descriptors for indexing law enforcement and criminal justice information
Administration of justice : principles and procedures
Law, liberty and morality
Sentencing and criminal justice
Criminal law and punishment
The law of crime
Rethinking criminal law
Ohio State journal of criminal law
The unification and differentiation in socialist criminal justice
The American system of criminal justice
Malign neglect : race, crime, and punishment in America
The Penal Code of Finland and the Decree on the Enforcement of the Penal Code as amended up to July 1, 1983 : unauthorized draft translation
Kenny's Outlines of criminal law
Criminology : explaining crime and its context
The Penal Code of Finland : introduction
The sociology of criminal law : evolution of deviance in Anglo-American society
Modern view of the criminal law
Selected Readings in Chinese Legal System
Soviet penal policy : a background book
The Australian criminal justice system
Beyond criminal justice : an anthology of abolitionist papers presented to conferences of the European group for the study of deviance and social control
Philosophy and the criminal law : Association for Legal and Social Philosophy, 10. annual conference at the University of Manchester 8.-10. April 1983
Cases and materials on criminal law
The growth of crime : the international experience
The illegal business of human trafficking
Principles of criminal law
Actus Reus and participation in European criminal law
Scots criminal law
Criminal law and procedure : 1978 criminal law supplement : cases and readings
Cases on criminal law
Speaking of crime : the language of criminal justice
The Cambridge lectures : selected papers based upon lectures delivered at the Cambridge Conference of the Canadian Institute for Advanced Legal Studies, 1979
International criminal adjudication and the collection of evidence : obligations of states
Economic crimes in Finnish case law
Criminal Law in Denmark
Filicide, intra-familial child homicides in Finland 1970-1994
Studies in old Ottoman criminal law
Introduction to criminal justice
Violence in America. Vol. 1, History of crime
Law and legal system of the Russian Federation
Defining rape : emerging obligations for states under international law?
Motivational dialogue : preparing addiction professionals for motivational interviewing practice
This book offers a brand-new perspective on human trafficking as an illegal business. It also proposes a new form of networked action: combining the perspectives of academic researchers with those of highly skilled professionals involved in policymaking in this area, this book is a unique contribution and a first step toward a networking paradigm, promoting collaboration in preventing and combating human trafficking crime, and in raising awareness of this ongoing problem. This book was born within the CINETS group ? Crimmigration Control International Net of Studies (www.crimmigrationcontrol.com), which was established in 2011 with the aim of bringing together expertise from different fields, professions, universities and countries. It aims to form a new paradigm for sharing knowledge and advancing research on topics related to human trafficking, crimmigration control, immigration and crime, immigrant detention and all types of violence that may affect victims of crimes, helping to create a fairer society.
Criminal evidence principles and cases
Russian legal culture before and after communism : criminal justice, politics and the public sphere
Handbook on criminal law
Race, crime and criminal justice
National criminal law in a comparative legal context. Volume 1.2, Introduction to national systems : national characteristics, fundamental principles, and history of criminal law : Australia, Côte d'Ivoire, Greece, South Korea
Women on trial : a study of the female suspect, defendant and offender in the criminal law and criminal justice system
Criminological aspects of economic crime : reports presented to the 12. Conference of Directors of Criminological Research Institutes (1976)
Aut dedere aut judicare and universal jurisdiction : different interpretations
Fundamentals of research in criminology and criminal justice : with selected readings
Danish law in a European perspective
Harmony ideology : justice and control in a Zapotec mountain village
Violence in America. Vol. 2, Protest, rebellion, reform
Communist ideology, law and crime
Zhonghua renmin gongheguo xingfa = Criminal law of the People's Republic of China
"How Did the United States go from being a country that tries to rehabilitate street criminals and prevent white-collar crime to one that harshly punishes common lawbreakers while at the same time encouraging corporate crime through a massive deregulation of business? Why do street criminals get stiff prison sentences, a practice that has led to the disaster of mass incarceration, while white-collar criminals, who arguably harm more people, get slaps on the wrist---if they are prosecuted at all? In Who Are the Criminals?, one of America's leading criminologists provides new answers to these vitally important questions by telling how the politicization of crime in the twentieth century transformed and distorted crime policymaking and led Americans to fear street crime too much and corporate crime too little." "John Hagan argues that the recent history of American criminal justice can be divided into two eras---the age of Roosevelt (roughly 1933 to 1973) and the age of Reagan (1974 to 2008). A focus on rehabilitation, corporate regulation, and the social roots of crime in the earlier period was dramatically reversed in the later era. In the age of Reagan, the focus shifted to the harsh treatment of street crimes, especially drug offenses, which disproportionately affected minorities and the poor and resulted in wholesale imprisonment. At the same time, a massive deregulation of business provided new opportunities, incentives, and even rationalizations for white-collar crime---and helped cause the 2008 financial crisis and subsequent recession." "The time for moving beyond Reagan-era crime policies is long overdue, Hagan argues. The understanding of crime must be reshaped and we must reconsider the relative harms and punishments of street and corporate crimes."--BOOK JACKET.
The simplification of criminal justice : recommendation No. R(87) 18 adopted by the Committee of Ministers of the Council of Europe on 17 September 1987 and explanatory memorandum
Comparative concepts of criminal law
A world view of criminal justice
Encyclopedia of crime and justice. 1, Abandonment - Criminal courts
Principles of French law
Major criminal justice systems : a comparative survey
Crime and punishment in early modern Russia
The law of theft
Making sense of the 'international' and the 'regional' in criminal law and criminal policy
Scandinavian-Polish workmeeting ["on the process of the criminal justice system", Vordingborg, Danmark, May 18-21], 1981.
Criminal law in a nutshell
Criminal law : cases and materials
Canadian criminal law : a treatise
The effect of legal systems on legal concepts
The limits of the criminal sanction
Crime in our changing society
Card, Cross and Jones criminal law
The evidence enigma : correctional boot camps and other failures in evidence-based policymaking
Coping with international atrocities through criminal law : a study into the typical features of international criminality and the reflection of these traits in international criminal law
Encyclopedia of crime and justice. 2, Criminalistics - Human rights
Introduction to Turkish law
The morality of the criminal law : two lectures
Three criminal law reformers : Beccaria, Bentham, Romilly
Criminalizing business cartels in Europe : a comparative perspective
International forum of contemporary criminal law. 1, Collected papers
Liberal criminal theory : essays for Andreas von Hirsch
Legal rights of prisoners
This report demonstrates the relationship between sexual health, human rights and the law. Drawing from a review of public health evidence and extensive research into human rights law at international, regional and national levels, the report shows how states in different parts of the world can and do support sexual health through legal and other mechanisms that are consistent with human rights standards and their own human rights obligations.
The criminal justice dictionary
Forensic testimony : science, law and expert evidence
Instructor's manual with te to acoompany : introduction criminal justice
2010 supplement to Federal criminal law and its enforcement
Evaluation and criminal justice policy
Domestic violence and criminal justice
Code of criminal procedure, 1973 : [act 2 of 1974]
Encyclopedia of crime and justice. 4, Psychopathy - Youth gangs; Glossary, index
Handbook of criminal justice evaluation
Elliot and Woodś casebook on criminal law
The Japanese legal advisor : crimes and punishments
Taking international criminal law seriously : a decade of Finnish criminal legislation
Marxist ideology and Soviet Criminal law
Criminal law and the Canadian criminal code
On reasonable liability : a comparison of Dutch and Canadian law regarding the limits of criminal liability
Computers in correctional administration and links with criminal justice : reports presented at the colloquy
Crime, law, and sanctions : theoretical perspectives
Criminal proceedings, it is often now said, ought to be conducted with integrity. But what, exactly, does it mean for criminal process to have, or to lack, 'integrity'? Is integrity in this sense merely an aspirational normative ideal, with possibly diffuse influence on conceptions of professional responsibility? Or is it also a juridical concept with robust institutional purchase and enforceable practical consequences in criminal litigation? The 16 new essays contained in this collection, written by prominent legal scholars and criminologists from Australia, Hong Kong, the UK and the USA, engage systematically with - and seek to generate further debate about - the theoretical and practical significance of 'integrity' at all stages of the criminal process. Reflecting the flexibility and scope of a putative 'integrity principle', the essays range widely over many of the most hotly contested issues in contemporary criminal justice theory, policy and practice, including: the ethics of police investigations, charging practice and discretionary enforcement; prosecutorial independence, policy and operational decision-making; plea bargaining; the perils of witness coaching and accomplice testimony; expert evidence; doctrines of admissibility and abuse of process; lay participation in criminal adjudication; the role of remorse in criminal trials; the ethics of appellate judgment writing; innocence projects; and state compensation for miscarriages of justice.
European inter-state co-operation in criminal matters : the council of Europe's legal instruments. 2
International forum of contemporary criminal law. 2, Collected papers
The criminal justice system : Finland
During 20112013, professor Magnus Ulväng and professor Iain Cameron organized a series of seminars and two conferences at the Faculty of Law of Uppsala University, bringing together a number of distinguished researchers in criminal law. The themes were criminalization and sanctions. The two themes are linked: we are seeing a development in many countries towards expanded criminalization and stiffer penalties, despite the lack of empirical evidence that tougher sentences have any significant impact on crime. Amongst the different topics covered during the seminar series were the relationship between vengeance and the criminal law, the principle of ultima ratio, the development of criminalization in EU law, the evolution and justification of the system of Ordnungswidrigkeit and the role of moral theories in criminalization. This volume collects the essays which grew out of the papers presented during the seminar series.
Improving management in criminal justice
Card, Cross and Jones : criminal law
Foundational texts in modern criminal law
Towards a rational reconstruction of Anglo-American criminal law
Access to Finnish law
The criminal justice system of Finland : a general introduction
Decisions by district courts in criminal cases
The evidence-based internship : a field manual
Crime, law and the scholars : a history of scholarship in American criminal law
Handbook of forensic science
Foundations of criminal law
Chinese criminal law
English criminal justice
Textbook of criminal law
Les systémes comparés de justice pénale : de la diversité au rapprochement : Actes de la Conférence international à l'occasion du 25ème anniversaire de L'institut supérieur international de sciences criminelles, Syracuse (Italie) 16-20 Décembre 1997 = Comparative criminal justice systems: from diversity to rapprochement : = Proceedings of the International Conference for the 25th Anniversary of the International Institute of Higher Studies in Criminal Sciences, Siracusa (Italy), 16-20 December 1997.
The Cambridge-Tilburg law lectures. 3 series 1980.
Criminal justice : enforcement and administration
The integrity of criminal process : from theory into practice
Criminal law and its processes : the law of public order
Criminal law : theory and process
Gender, crime and criminal justice
Criminal justice research : new models and findings
Studies in comparative criminal law
Simester and Sullivan's criminal law : theory and doctrine
Who are the criminals? : the politics of crime policy from the age of Roosevelt to the age of Reagan
Russell on crime
The practice of research in criminology and criminal justice
Criminology & criminal Justice : an international journal
Archbold 2013 : third supplement to the 2013 edition, up-to date to June 21, 2013
Crime, criminality and criminal justice
European inter-state co-operation in criminal matters : the council of Europe's legal instruments. 1
The Count of Monte Cristo
A casebook on criminal law
Forensic science : a beginner's guide
Deutsches Strafrecht : Allgemeiner Teil = German criminal law : general part. Teil 2 : Tatbestand des vorsätzlichen Begehungsdelikts : Legal elements of the intentional offence
Criminal law theory : doctrines of the general part
