http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10452 district administration
district administration
"Bringing together contributors from a wide range of disciplines, countries and perspectives this book provides a thought-provoking overview of the human dimension of the workplace. It covers workplace problems as well as potential solutions. Essential reading for anyone committed to making the workplace a humane and effective place"--Provided by publisher.
Teacher decision-making in the classroom : a collection of papers
Managing diversity : toward a globally inclusive workplace
Organizational behaviour : an introductory text
Supervision in the hospitality industry
Managing workplace stress
"The performance of the public services, from education and policing to health and recycling is a matter of concern in many countries. Issues of public service effeciency, cost, and effectiveness have moved to the forefront of political debate. This book applies the latest thinking from Management and Organization Studies to the performance of public organization in order to evaluate the merits of different mechanisms for driving improvement in the public sector." "Research in Management and Organization Studies on the private sector has identified a number of sources of improved performance, including innovation, organizational culture, leadership, and strategic planning. Many of these private sector characterseics have emerged with in public sector organizations in recent years. However, public managers face addisonal pressures, whether from regulations constrained resources, or political interference. This book takes each of these mechanisims in turn and assesses whether they lead to improvement in public services." "Written for students and researchers of Public Management, this book will also be interest to public managers and consulants."
Creating a positive school culture : how principals and teachers can solve problems together
Restructuring labour administration : investigating the Finnish experience from a regional-local perspective
Foundations of corporate law
Best practices from Finland : making opportunities work
Managing in the "Golden Cage" : an ethnographic study of work, management and gender in parliamentary administration
The student-centered school : ideas for practical visionaries
Supervision in the Hospitality Industry
Promoting workplace well-being : a critical approach
EC company law : the common denominator for business undertakings in 12 states
Work organisations : a critical introduction
An introduction to human resource management : an integrated approach
Public service improvement : theories and evidence
From myths to reality : challenges of HR management in ICT sector
