http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10499 tax evasion
tax evasion
We are well aware of the rise of the 1% as the rapid growth of economic inequality has put the majority of the world's wealth in the pockets of fewer and fewer. One much-discussed solution to this imbalance is to significantly increase the rate at which we tax the wealthy. But with an enormous amount of the world's wealth hidden in tax havens--in countries like Switzerland, Luxembourg, and the Cayman Islands--this wealth cannot be fully accounted for and taxed fairly. No one, from economists to bankers to politicians, has been able to quantify exactly how much of the world's assets are currently hidden--until now. Gabriel Zucman is the first economist to offer reliable insight into the actual extent of the world's money held in tax havens. And it's staggering. In The Hidden Wealth of Nations, Zucman offers an inventive and sophisticated approach to quantifying how big the problem is, how tax havens work and are organized, and how we can begin to approach a solution. His reasearch reveals that tax havens are a quickly growing danger to the world economy. In the past five years, the amount of wealth in tax havens has increased over 25%--there has never been as much money held offshore as there is today. This hidden wealth accounts for at least $7.6 trillion, equivalent to 8% of the global financial assets of households. Fighting the notion that any attempts to vanquish tax havens are futile, since some countries will always offer more advantageous tax rates than others, as well as the counterargument that since the financial crisis tax havens have disappeared, Zucman shows how both sides are actually very wrong. In [this book], he offers an ambitious agenda for reform, focused on ways in which countries can change the incentives of tax havens. Only by first understanding the enormity of the secret wealth can we begin to estimate the kind of actions that would force tax havens to give up their practices.
Executive summary (s.iv-v).
Improving tax governance in EU member states : criteria for successful policies
Outsourcing and offshoring in the 21st century : a socio-economic perspective
Offshoring
A general anti-avoidance rule for direct taxes : a response to the Inland Revenue's consultative document
Piracy and welfare : tax evasion, norms and fiscal externality
Treaty shopping : an emerging tax issue and its present status in various countries
An expenditure-based estimation of self-employment income underreporting in Finland
Zucman's work has quickly become the gold standard for quantifying the amount of the world's assets held in havens. In this concise book, he lays out in approachable language how the international banking system works and the dangerous extent to which the large-scale evasion of taxes is undermining the global market as a whole. -- Inside jacket flaps. Read less
Tax havens : how globalization really works
Using offshore havens for privacy and profits
The shadow economy : an international survey
International tax structures in the BEPS era : an analysis of anti-abuse measures
Offshore : the dark side of the global economy
The improper use of tax treaties : with special reference to the Netherlands and the United States
Treasure islands : uncovering the damage of offshore banking and tax havens
Tax evasion in a transition from socialism to capitalism : the psychology of the social contract
Taxation in a global economy
Guidelines for improving tax administration in developing coutries : improving the efficiency and effectiveness of tax administration and strengthening domestic financial resource mobilization
Black cash tax evasion in Russia : its forms, incentives and consequences at firm level
A critical review of the definition of tax avoidance in the case law of the European court of justice
Preventing Treaty Abuse
Catching capital : the ethics of tax competition
"Illicit work, social security fraud, economic crime, and other shadow economy activities are fast becoming an international problem. This second edition uses new data to reassess currency demand and the model approach to estimate the size of the shadow economy in seventy-six developing, transition, and OECD countries. This updated edition argues that during the 2000s the average size of a shadow economy varied from 19% of GDP for OECD, to 30% for transition, and to 45% for developing countries"
The offshore money book : how to move assets offshore for privacy, protection, and tax advantage
Royalty reform and illegal reporting of harvest volumes under alternative penalty schemes
Emigration into tax havens : tax planning and high net worth individuals
Dirty secrets : how tax havens destroy the economy
The US Foreign Account tax Compliance Act (FATCA) : an impact assessment on Finnish Investment Funds
Cheating the government : the economics of evasion
Why do individuals evade payroll and income taxation in Estonia
The king of oil : the secret lives of Marc Rich
Tax avoidance, redistribution and voting
Offshore : tax havens and the rule of global crime
Economic substance and tax avoidance : an international perspective
The hidden wealth of nations : the scourge of tax heavens
Tolley's tax havens
Financial havens, banking secrecy and money-laundering
In the Godfather Garden : the long life and times of Richie "the Boot" Boiardo
13th labour of Hercules : inside the Greek crisis
Tax avoidance, tax evasion : a survey of the treatment of tax avoidance and tax evasion in the main industrialized countries of the world
Treasure islands : tax havens and the men who stole the world
Tax avoidance and the EC treaty freedoms : a study on the limitations under European law to the prevention of tax avoidance
Going offshore : how to boost your capital and protect your wealth
Essays on labour market structure and policies
An expenditure-based estimate of tax evasion in Sweden
The offshore world : sovereign markets, virtual places, and nomad millionaires
Tax policy in the real world
Offshore reveals how the vast network of unregulated financial centers--from Luxemburg to the Cayman islands to the tiny Pacific haven of Nauru-- amount to a nether realm of drug and arms trade profits, enormous private accounts, and multinational corporate financial holdings. Delving into the scandals, the financial structure, and the history of this hidden side of globalization, sociologist Alain Deneault depicts something larger and more ominous than simple tax havens where financial elites and corporations must reside X days out of every calendar year to protect their earnings. Instead, Offshore describes a global base of operations from which massive criminal enterprises and corrupt corporations operate freely and with impunity, menacing developing nations and advanced democracies alike.
Base companies in multinational corporate structures : a comparative study of anti avoidance legislation and its impact on investment location and competitiveness
More taxes! : promoting strategies for global taxation
Fiscal and ethical determinants of shadow economy : theory and evidence
Tax evasion and economies in transition : lessons from tax theory
Rich people stash away trillions of dollars in tax havens like Switzerland, the Cayman Islands, or Singapore. Multinational corporations shift their profits to low-tax jurisdictions like Ireland or Panama to avoid paying tax. Recent stories in the media about Apple, Google, Starbucks, and Fiat are just the tip of the iceberg. There is hardly any multinational today that respects not just the letter but also the spirit of tax laws. All this becomes possible due to tax competition, with countries strategically designing fiscal policy to attract capital from abroad. The loopholes in national tax regimes that tax competition generates and exploits draw into question political economic life as we presently know it. They undermine the fiscal autonomy of political communities and contribute to rising inequalities in income and wealth. Building on a careful analysis of the ethical challenges raised by a world of tax competition, this book puts forward a normative and institutional framework to regulate the practice. In short, individuals and corporations should pay tax in the jurisdictions of which they are members, where this membership can come in degrees. Moreover, the strategic tax setting of states should be limited in important ways. An International Tax Organisation (ITO) should be created to enforce the principles of tax justice. The author defends this call for reform against two important objections. First, Dietsch refutes the suggestion that regulating tax competition is inefficient. Second, he argues that regulation of this sort, rather than representing a constraint on national sovereignty, in fact turns out to be a requirement of sovereignty in a global economy. The book closes with a series of reflections on the obligations that the beneficiaries of tax competition have towards the losers both prior to any institutional reform as well as in its aftermath.
Tax avoidance : [a report by the] Tax Law Review Committee
A behavioral and welfare analysis of progressive forest taxation
The amendments to the Finnish, Swedish, French and the UK CFC rules - an assessment of compatibility with European tax law
Fiscal consequences of greater openness : from tax avoidance and tax arbitrage to revenue growth
Improving resource mobilization in developing countries and transition economies
"We are witnessing the greatest shift of wealth from poor to rich in history. In the United States alone, the wealthiest avoid paying an astonishing $53 billion in taxes each year. Nicholas Shaxson, in league with the Tax Justice Network, dives deep into the secret world of tax havens and takes us to hot spots from Switzerland to Panama to Delaware in a riveting narrative of how society loses through illegal tax evasion. With jaw-dropping stories and vivid explanations, Shaxson highlights the biggest players in the game, and shows how: - More than 12,750 foreign corporations get out of paying taxes each year by claiming to have offices in the same five-story building in the Cayman Islands. - One thousand children die every day as a result of illegal, trade related tax evasion. - Although billions are poured annually into Africa, corrupt officials there stow twice as much away in tax havens, making Africa a net creditor to the rest of the world. "--
Do the catholic and protestant countries differ by their tax morale?
Tax competition between states is what Peter Dietsch refers to in his title as "catching capital." In particular, he sees several forms of tax competition -- for portfolio capital, meaning holdings by wealthy private individuals; for the profits of multinational corporations; and for foreign direct investment, where actual economic activity is attracted. Peter Dietsch's book examines two central questions that stem from this situation. Is there anything ethically wrong about tax competition? And if there is, what should be done about it? Under the current system a lot of capital simply slips through the net; the loopholes caused by current tax competition mean that states do not capture the taxes they are entitled to. And as Thomas Piketty has argued, the vast increase in economic inequality stems in part from the ability of the rich to hide their wealth in this way. Given these moral issues, Dietsch argues that there is a pressing need for the global community to structure international fiscal policy to plug these loopholes. But how should it do so? Will the fiscal sovereignty of states be compromised? Can we regulate tax competition without being forced to harmonize all tax rates? How do we strike a balance between the autonomy of one state and the problems it creates for others? Should winners of tax competition compensate the losers? Finally, is regulating tax competition simply inefficient from an economic perspective? in answering these questions, Peter Dietsch advances and defends his own new global regulatory framework for tax competition.
Criminal capital : how the finance industry facilitates crime
