http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10401 sadomasochism
sadomasochism
Concertina : the life and loves of a dominatrix
The philosophy of the Marquis de Sade
The culture of pain
Lynn Chancer advances the provocative thesis that sadomasochism is far more prevalent in contemporary societies like the United States than we realize. According to Chancer, sexual sadomasochism is only the best-known manifestation of what is actually a much more broadly based social phenomenon. Moving from personal relationships to school, the workplace, and other interactions, Chancer uses a variety of examples that are linked by a recurrent pattern of behavior. She goes beyond the predominantly individualistic and psychological explanations generally associated with sadomasochism (including those popularized in the "how to" literature of the recent Women Who Love Too Much genre) toward a more sociological interpretation. Chancer suggests that the structure of societies organized along male-dominated and capitalistic lines reflects and perpetuates a sadomasochistic social psychology, creating a culture steeped in everyday experiences of dominance and subordination. In the first part of the book, Chancer discusses the prevalence of sadomasochistic cultural imagery in contemporary America and examines sadomasochism through several perspectives. She develops a set of definitional traits both through existential analysis of an instance of S/M sex and by incorporating a number of Hegelian and psychoanalytic concepts. In the second part of the book, she places sadomasochism in a broader context by exploring whether and how it appears in the workplace and how it relates to gender and race.
Love me like you hate me : lessons in pleasure and pain
Grey
Aesthetic Sexuality : a Literary History of Sadomasochism
Fifty shades darker
Speaking sex to power : the politics of queer sex
Embracing the lash : pain and ritual as spiritual tools
Sensational flesh : race, power, and masochism
Sadomasochism : painful perversion or pleasurable play?
Fifty shades of Grey : unseen edition
Ghost talker's daydream. 2
Sadomasochistic perversion : the entity and the theories
Fearful symmetry : the development and treatment of sadomasochism
When someone you love is kinky
Blue velvet : 2-disc limited collector's edition
Issues in therapy with lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender clients
Friendly fetish : a beginner's guide to kink
Sadomasochism : powerful pleasures
Sex drives : fantasies of fascism in literary modernism
The English vice : beating, sex and shame in Victorian England and after
Switch
No ordinary love story
Ghost talker's daydream. 4
Hailed "a revolutionary antidote to America's growing sexual conservatism," Patrick Califia is the most outspoken and intelligent commentator on sexual politics writing today. Following the acclaimed publication of Public Sex and Sex Changes, Califia once again exposes American mainstream culture with unrivaled brillance and integrity. As controversial in writing about the private sphere as the public, Califia speaks intimately of changing his gender identy from female to male and becoming a parent in a two-fathered household. Speaking Sex to Power takes the reader on a remarkable intellectual journey with one of America's most audacious thinkers.
Jason : an Anita Blake, vampire hunter novel
Sex, violence and the body : the erotics of wounding
Justine, or, The misfortunes of virtue
Erotic bible to Europe : from kinky to chic
Ghost talker's daydream. 3
Sadomasochism in everyday life : the dynamics of power and powerlessness
Hardpressed
Who decides where "normal" stops and "perverse" begins? In Vicarious Kinks, Ummni Khan looks at the mass of claims that film, feminism, the human sciences, and law make about sadomasochism and its practitioners, and the way those claims become the basis for the legal regulation of sadomasochist pornography and practice. Khan's audacious proposal is that for film, feminism, law, and science, the constant focus on taboo sexuality is a form of "vicarious kink" itself. Rather than attempt to establish the "truth" about sadomasochism, Vicarious Kinks asks who decides that sadomasochism is perverse, examining how various fields present their claims to truth when it comes to sadomasochism. The first monograph by a new scholar working at the juncture of law and sexuality, Vicarious Kinks challenges the myth of law as an objective adjudicator of sexual truth.
Dominatrix : gender, eroticism, and control in the dungeon
The sadomasochistic homotext : readings in Sade, Balzac and Proust
Fifty shades of bondage & submission : a beginner's guide to BDSM
Nightmare on Main Street : angels, sadomasochism, and the culture of Gothic
This is the first book-length empirical study of lesbian, transgender and queer BDSM practices, identities, relationships and communities. Based on interviews and participant observation, Queer BDSM Intimacies explores various women's and queer BDSM spaces and networks in the USA and Western Europe over a period of five years. While research on alternative forms of sexuality, genders and relationships has been booming recently, the particular experiences and perspectives of this group have yet to receive sufficient attention. Robin Bauer shows that queer BDSM practitioners have created unique social spaces through critical consent-making processes. These spaces are suited to explore not only their own identities beyond common binary categorizations of man/woman and homo/heterosexual, but to create new forms of living, gender, sexuality, intimacy and collectivity. The transgressive nature of BDSM allows them to push their own and social boundaries, engaging with social difference and power dynamics, appropriating them for their own pleasures.
Grey : Fifty shades of Grey as told by Christian
Fifty shades of grey
Sound kinks : sadomasochistic erotica in audiovisual music performances
Reconcilable differences : confronting beauty, pornography, and the future of feminism
Sadomasochistic Power Relations and Erotica in Audiovisual Music Performances
Fifty shades of Grey
Kushiel's chosen
S & M : studies in dominance & submission
Between the body and the flesh : performing sadomasochism
In praise of the whip
Wicked shots
Vicarious kinks : S/M in the socio-legal imaginary
Sadomasochism: Powerful Pleasures is a comprehensive exploration of the entire sexual subculture that lies on the cutting edge of society. The mental health professions and society have marginalized people who practice sadomasochism (SM).This interdisciplinary collection dispels myths surrounding SM, bringing together leading scholars from the fields of sexology, psychology, sociology, and medicine, alongside queer studies and sexual minority advocacy. Experts such as Thomas S. Weinberg, PhD, Susan Wright, MA, Margaret Nichols, PhD, Odd Reiersol, PhD, Svein Skeid, Rebecca F. Plante, PhD, Niklas Nordling, MPsych, and N. Kenneth Sandnabba, PhD, among other stellar authorities, reveal research findings, clinical data, and critical thinking about sexuality that lies beyond "vanilla." To gain a broader understanding of human sexuality, the study of SM is crucial for what it reveals about us as sexual beings. The text discusses the results of research into practitioners' behaviors and perspectives, the prevalence of SM behaviors in today's culture, and stresses the need for greater tolerance and understanding. The realization of SM desires and their acceptance are explored in detail. This unflinching look at the world and the people of SM will guide scholars and lay people alike into a more sensitive, sex-friendly viewpoint of the people society calls "kinky".
In pursuit of the proper sinner
Grey : fifty shades of Grey as told by Christian
Notebooks of the young wife
Perv : the sexual deviant in all of us
Queer BDSM intimacies : critical consent and pushing boundaries
Many faces of sadomasochistic sex
A critical introduction to queer theory
Exhibitionism, voyeurism, transvestism, and sadomasochism in a Finnish population-based sample
Ovid's art and the Wife of Bath : the ethics of erotic violence
