http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1055 ontology (philosophy)
ontology (philosophy)
The basic problems of phenomenology
Time and the other and additional essays
Agency and the semantic web
The primacy of semiosis : an ontology of relations
Being and having : an existentialist diary
Soft computing in ontologies and semantic web
Theory and Applications of Ontology: Philosophical Perspectives
An introduction to philosophy
Mind, meaning, and reality : essays in philosophy
In this follow-up to "The Kingdom and the Glory" and "The Highest Poverty," Agamben investigates the roots of our moral concept of duty in the theory and practice of Christian liturgy. Beginning with the New Testament and working through to late scholasticism and modern papal encyclicals, Agamben traces the Church's attempts to repeat Christ's unrepeatable sacrifice. Crucial here is the paradoxical figure of the priest, who becomes more and more a pure instrument of God's power, so that his own motives and character are entirely indifferent as long as he carries out his priestly duties. In modernity, Agamben argues, the Christian priest has become the model ethical subject. We see this above all in Kantian ethics. Contrasting the Christian and modern ontology of duty with the classical ontology of being, Agamben contends that Western philosophy has unfolded in the tension between the two. This latest installment in the study of Western political structures begun in "Homo Sacer" is a contribution to the study of liturgy, an extension of Nietzsche's genealogy of morals, and a reworking of Heidegger's history of Being.
Quintessence : basic readings from the philosophy of W.V. Quine
Phenomenology and ontology
A world of states of affairs
Being and nothingness
Towards a relational ontology : philosophy's other possibility
Heidegger's way of being
Rethinking the ontological argument : a neoclassical theistic response
New trends of research in ontologies and lexical resources : ideas, projects, systems
On universals : an essay on ontology
The marriage of sense and soul : integrating science and religion
Themes from ontology, mind, and logic : present and past : essays in honour of Peter Simons
Getting ontologically natural
Familiar objects and their shadows
Agent, person, subject, self : a theory of ontology, interaction, and infrastructure
Abstract.
The very idea of organization : social ontology today : Kantian and Hegelian reconsiderations
Are trolls, bears and Sámis people too? : considering the mythic ethnography of Old Norse culture
Empty names, fiction and the puzzles of non-existence
Where are you? : an anthology of the cell phone
Indeterminacy and intelligibility
Time and sacramentality in Gregory of Nyssa's Contra Eunomium
"Prozorov reinterprets the familiar principles of community, equality and freedom in ontological terms as attributes of pure being, subtracted from all positive determinations, and presents them as axioms of universalist politics valid in any world whatsoever"--
Treatise on basic philosophy. Vol. 3, Ontology, 1 : The furniture of the world
Intentionality, modality and supervenience
Metaphysics : a contemporary introduction
Metaphysics : contemporary readings
Reason and responsibility : readings in some basic problems of philosophy
Reframing the social : emergentist systemism and social theory
The event of the thing : Derrida's post-deconstructive realism
Ontology and the ambitions of metaphysics
The existence principle
Four dimensionalism : an ontology of persistence and time
Formal ontology
The age of planetary space : on Heidegger, being, and metaphysics of globalization
"The problem of the nature of being was central to ancient and medieval philosophy, and continues to be relevant today. In this collection of thirteen recent essays, Peter van Inwagen applies the techniques of analytical philosophy to a wide variety of problems in ontology and meta-ontology. Topics discussed include the nature of being, the meaning of the existential quantifier, ontological commitment, recent attacks on metaphysics and ontology, the concept of ontological structure, fictional entities, mereological sums, and the ontology of mental states. Van Inwagen adopts a generally 'Quinean' position in meta-ontology, yet reaches ontological conclusions very different from Quine's. The volume includes two previously unpublished essays, one of which is an introductory essay where van Inwagen explains his conception of the relation between the language of 'the ordinary business of life' and that of 'the ontology room'. The volume will be an important collection for students and scholars of metaphysics." --Publisher's description.
Otherwise than being or beyond essence
The verb "be" and its synonyms : philosophical and grammatical studies. 6, The verb "be" in ancient Greek
A social ontology
"I that is we, we that is I." perspectives on contemporary Hegel : social ontology, recognition, naturalism, and the critique of Kantian constructivism
The ontological argument : from St. Anselm to contemporary philosophers
Time and McTaggart's paradox
Adaptive security in smart spaces
Reusable, semantic, and context-aware micro-architecture : approach to managing interoperability and dynamics in smart spaces
Modular ontologies : proceedings of the fourth international workshop (WoMO 2010)
Ontology and world politics : void universalism I
The verb "be" and its synonyms : philosophical and grammatical studies. 4, Twi/Modern Chinese/Arabic
The verb "be" and its synonyms : philosophical and grammatical studies. 5, Urdu / Turkish / Bengali / Amharic / Indonesian / Telugu / Estonian
Dynamic aspects of industrial middleware architectures
Philosophy of Benedict de Spinoza
The question of being in Husserl's Logical investigations
Heidegger's philosophy of being : a critical interpretation
Logic and ontology
Introduction to philosophical problems
Metaontological Studies relating to the Problem of Universals / Mika Oksanen
Ontological reduction
Being and nothingness : a phenomenological essay on ontology
Contemporary Aristotelian metaphysics
Parts and moments : studies in logic and formal ontology
Essays in linguistic ontology
The meaning of Aristotle's "ontology"
Conceptual relativity, contextualization, and ontological commitments
Essays in logic and ontology
Scientific research and ontology
Anselm's other argument
The background of social reality : selected contributions from the inaugural meeting of ENSO
The ultimate constituents of the material world : in search of an ontology for fundamental physics
An ontology for social reality
Heritage in the digital era
The nature of existence. Vol. 2
Between Levinas and Heidegger
Heidegger, ethics, and the practice of ontology
Logics of worlds : being and event, 2
In The Very Idea of Organization Krijnen develops a new philosophical methodology for a social ontology in general and an organizational ontology in particular by rejuvenating the Kantian and Hegelian tradition of philosophy.
Of God who comes to mind
Readings in analytical philosophy
Basic writings : from Being and time (1927) to The task on thinking (1964)
The mind and its world
Social reality
Bodies moving and moved : a phenomenological analysis of the dancing subject and the cognitive and ethical values of dance art
St. Augustine is not only the bridge that links ancient philosophy and early Christian theology with the thought of the Middle Ages, but one who, in his philosophy and especially in his epistemology, anticipated some of the most important ideas of Descartes and Malbranche, Berkeley and Kant. In this study of the central aspect of St. Augustine's thought, the author analyzes the various facets of his theory of knowledge and offers a new interpretation of his idea of divine illumination. St. Augustine's views on skepticism and truth, on faith and reason, and on sense perception and cogitation are first examined in order to show their relation to this theory of divine illumination as the ultimate source of truth for man. The proper understanding of the theory of illumination, of how man apprehends the divine ideas, is the most difficult problem in St. Augustine's epistemology, for he did not formulate any systematic theory of knowledge. Any account of the Augustinian epistemology, Mr. Nash believes, must resolve three paradoxes: how the intellect is both passive and active; how the forms are distinct from - and not distinct from - the human mind; and how man's mind is and is not the light that makes knowledge possible. In explaining the nature of divine illumination, Nash discusses four interpretations that have been advanced; the Thomist (which he rejects as not faithful to St. Augustine's general philosophy), the Franciscan, the Formalist, and the Ontologist. He argues here for a modified Ontologist view. In his synthesis of Christian theology and Neoplatonic philosophy, St. Augustine held that all creation partakes of truth in varying degrees, that man as the highest part of creation, created in God's image and thus sharing to some degree the divine nature, is able to know truth through the divine light and the light of his own mind. In attempting to find an answer to the perennial problem of knowledge, St. Augustine, Nash suggests, was struggling to find a theory that would combine the benefits of conceptualism and realism, and his answer was more modern than many have given him credit for. Ronald Nash is widely regarded as one of the premier evangelical philosophers in the world. He is professor of philosophy at Southern Baptist Theological Seminary in Louisville, Kentucky. He has taught at a number of other colleges and seminaries, including Western Kentucky University and Reformed Theological Seminary. The author of more than 35 books on philosophy, theology and economics, Dr. Nash is in constant demand as a speaker throughout the world. --Publisher's description.
The possibility of metaphysics : substance, identity, and time
Bridging data mining and semantic web
The Universal proposes a radically new philosophical system that moves from ontology to ethics. Drawing on the work of De Beauvoir, Sartre, and Le Doeuff, among others, and addressing a range of topics from the Asian sex trade to late capitalism, quantum gravity, and Merleau-Ponty's views on cinema, Dorothea Olkowski stretches the mathematical, political, epistemological, and aesthetic limits of continental philosophy and introduces a new perspective on political structures. Straddling a course between formalism and conventionalism, Olkowski develops the concept of an ontological unconscious that arises from our "sensible" relation to the world-the information we absorb and emit that affects our encounters with the environment and others. In this "realm of the senses," or the field of vulnerability defined by our experience with pleasure and pain, Olkowski is able to rethink the space-time relations put forth by Irigaray's notion of the "interval," Bergson's "recollection," Merleau-Ponty's idea of the "flesh," and Deleuze's "plane of immanence." This aesthetic sense is shared by all humankind and nonhuman entities in the organic and inorganic world. The sensible universal can be applied to categories of pure and practical reason; experiential binaries of male-female and subject-object; and issues of autonomy, moral laws, and the regulation of perception.
Ens rationis from Suárez to Caramuel : a study in scholasticism of the Baroque Era
The light of the mind : St. Augustine's theory of knowledge
Ontology
"Most contemporary metaphysicians are sceptical about the reality of familiar objects such as dogs and trees, people and desks, cells and stars. They prefer an ontology of the spatially tiny or temporally tiny. Tiny microparticles 'dog-wise arranged' explain the appearance, they say, that there are dogs; microparticles obeying microphysics collectively cause anything that a baseball appears to cause; temporal stages collectively sustain the illusion of enduring objects that persist across changes. Crawford L. Elder argues that all such attempts to 'explain away' familiar objects project downwards, onto the tiny entities, structures and features of familiar objects themselves. He contends that sceptical metaphysicians are thus employing shadows of familiar objects, while denying that the entities which cast those shadows really exist. He argues that the shadows are indeed really there, because their sources - familiar objects - are mind-independently real" --
Possible-worlds ontology for semantic web
Discourse on thinking
Semantical essays : possible worlds and their rivals
Ontologies and search : 2nd OntoQuery workshop, January 2001.
Cosmology, ontology, and human efficacy : essays in Chinese thought
Existence : essays in ontology
Deified person : a study of deification in relation to person and Christian becoming
On being : a scientist's exploration of the great questions of existence
A relational aesthetic
Descartes' punctum Archimedis : the primality and unity of being, the derivativeness of the generated dualities
Ontology, modality, and the fallacy of reference
God without being : hors-texte
The world of freedom : Heidegger, Foucault, and the politics of historical ontology
The ontology of social being. 3, Labour
Being and nothingness : an essay on phenomenological ontology
"A theory of the emergence of the subject of world politics"--
Logic and reality
Semantic agent programming language : use and formalization
Naturalism, transcendental conditions, and the self-disclipine of philosophical reason
Bradley's reductio of relations and formal ontological relations
The nature of existence
Non-existance and predication
Ontology of technology : mobile technology in the Kathmandu valley
Philosophical papers. Vol. 1
Mathematics of the transcendental
New foundations of ontology
Heidegger and the project of fundamental ontology
Writing the book of the world
Quality assurance in terminology management : recommendations from the TermFactory project
Real beauty
The ontology of substance and the question of individuality in Spinoza's metaphysics
Analytical metaphysics : a collection of essays. Vol. 4, Particulars, actuality, and identity over time
Ontological investigations : an inquiry into the categories of nature, man and society
The universal (in the realm of the sensible) : beyond continental philosophy
Heterarchial ontological commitment for leaders to stimulate creativity among virtual workforce
De natura rerum : scripta in honorem professoris Olli Koistinen sexagesimum annum complentis
Why the world does not exist
Semantic web and databases : second international workshop, SWDB 2004, Toronto, Canada, August 29-30, 2004, revised selected papers
The verb "be" and its synonyms : philosophical and grammatical studies. 3, Japanese/ Kashmiri/ Armenian/ Hungarian/ Sumerian/ Shona
Ontology and the logistic analysis of language : an enquiry into the contemporary views on universals
Technical artefacts : an ontological investigation of technology
Time : a philosophical introduction
Human ontology and rationality
Bertrand Russell's bundle theory of particulars
The problems of contemporary philosophy
Dialogue in the crisis of representation : realism and antirealism in the context of the conversation between theologians and quantum physicists in Göttingen 1949-1961
Dis-orientations : philosophy, literature and the lost grounds of modernity
Individuals, essence, and identity : themes of analytic metaphysics
Being shaken : ontology and the event
The postmodern and political agency
The verb "be" and its synonyms : philosophical and grammatical studies. 4, Twi/ Modern Chinese/ Arabic
Virtual worlds, fiction and reality
The essence of manifestation
Ontology after Carnap
Words and worlds : an essay on foundations of logic, semantics and ontology
Varieties of things : foundations of contemporary metaphysics
Semantic Web : the next generation Web
Current state of ontology matching : a survey of ontology and schema matching
Berkeley's ontology
Does Santa exist? : a philosophical investigation
New ways of ontology
Alexander l. Abecinba argues that Gregory of Nyssa's dispute with Eunomius of Cyzicus in Contra Eunomium gave birth to a sacramental view of time. "In Chapter 1, Time and Ontology, I show that Gregory sees temporal extension ... as a fundamental property that distinguishes the creature from the Creator. Further, Nyssen conceives of creaturely temporality in a two-fold manner: temporality that applies to sensible creation and a higher temporality that applies to intelligible creation. For Gregory, time not only acts to veil the Creator from the creature. Through a participatory ascent from sensible to intelligible temporality, time also acts as the very means of creaturely communion with God. The veiling and unveiling function of time gives rise to its sacramental character. Chapter 2, Time, Language and Thought, extends the findings of Chapter 1. I argue that, for Nyssen, words pertain to sensible temporality while thought pertains to intelligible temporality. Words and thought, being temporally diastematic in character, veil the Creator from the creature. Nevertheless, for Gregory, the ascent of sensible to intelligible temporality is mirrored in an ascent from the spoken words to silent thought that also unveils the Creator to the creature. Thus, words and thought possess a sacramental character insofar as they are caught up the ascent of sacramental time into union with God. Chapter 3, Time and Christology, discusses topics such as the divine economy, the divine and human nature of Christ, and the kenosis and deification of Christ. I argue that Nyssen sees the Incarnation as the Sacrament, par excellence, of humanity's salvation. In this event the Son's divine nature is veiled in flesh, yet is visible in that same flesh to those who have "clear vision." This unique event in history, in which the human nature of the Son is properly deified, provides the basis for creaturely temporal ascent into the life of God. Creaturely temporal existence is sacramental, inasmuch as it shares in the unique Christological Sacrament by analogy. In the Epilogue I allow the findings of Chapters 1 to 3 to shed light on Greogory's understanding of the sacraments of baptism and eucharist. I argue that Gregory's defense of pro-Nicene sacramental practices, over against Eunomius of Cyzicus, depends upon his sacramental view of time."
"Aristotelian (or neo-Aristotelian) metaphysics is currently undergoing something of a renaissance. This volume brings together fourteen new essays from leading philosophers who are sympathetic to this conception of metaphysics, which takes its cue from the idea that metaphysics is the first philosophy. The primary input from Aristotle is methodological, but many themes familiar from his metaphysics will be discussed, including ontological categories, the role and interpretation of the existential quantifier, essence, substance, natural kinds, powers, potential, and the development of life. The volume mounts a strong challenge to the type of ontological deflationism which has recently gained a strong foothold in analytic metaphysics. It will be a useful resource for scholars and advanced students who are interested in the foundations and development of philosophy"--
Contemporary philosophy has reasserted the belief that philosophy has practical tasks. This turn reflects an understanding that the life of the individual and the community is not molded merely by personal needs and fortunes but also by the strength of dominant ideas. For Nicolai Hartmann, ideas are spiritual powers belonging to the realm of thought, but thought has its own strict discipline and critique of events. In his view, theory must include within its scope problems of the contemporary world and cooperation in work that needs doing. New Ways of Ontology stands in opposition to the tradition of Heidegger. With deep appreciation of the history of philosophical controversy, Hartmann divides mistakes of the old ontology into those related to its method and those concerning its content. Hartmann finds a common mistake behind methodological approaches inspired by late German romanticism in attempts to develop a complete systematic account of the categories of being—not only of the ideal, but of real being. The main task of New Ways of Ontology is to reveal and analyze interdependences and interconnections. The divisions of being and becoming, of the separation of existence and essence, as well as the old view that the real and the ideal exclude each other, require revision. For Hartmann, whose ideas take us close to modern social science research, ontology is the neutral category that includes subject and object, and gets beyond old realism and modern idealism alike.
3D visualization of ontologies
Opus Dei : an archaeology of duty
"'Mind, Meaning, and reality' contains fifteen philosophical papers by D. H. Mellor, including a new defence of 'success semantics', and an introduction arguing that metaphysics can and need only be justified by doing it and not by a 'meta-metaphysics', which it needs no more than physics needs metaphysics. The papers are grouped into three parts. Part I is about how the ways we are disposed to act fixes what we believe and what we use language to mean. Part II is about what there is: the reality of dispositions: what makes beliefs and sentences true; why there is only one universe; and how social groups, and other things composed of parts, are related to the people and other things that constitute them. Part III is about time, and includes discussions of twentieth-century developments in the philosophy of time; why Kant was right about tense, even though he was wrong about time; why forward time-travel is trivial and backward time travel impossible; and what gives time its direction"--Publisher's description, p. [4] of dust jacket.
The consolation of ontology : on the substantial and nonsubstantial models
From an encyclopedia of Iranian Folklore to an ontology of Iranian folklore
Thoughts and things
Being with the without
Indigenous film as a tool for developing and maintaining indigenous culture and identity : how do indigenous films and indigenous film festivals as non-governmental organisations develop and maintain indigenous culture and identity?
The concept of non-being and its role in Paul Tillich's thought
A Eucharistic ontology : Maximus the Confessor's eschatological ontology of being as dialogical reciprocity
Necessary beings : an essay on ontology, modality, and the relations between them
An ontology of art
Philosophical essays
Beauty and being : Thomistic perspectives
Jean-Luc Nancy and the thinking of otherness : philosophy and powers of existence
Kritische Gesamtausgabe der Werke von Hans Jonas. Bd. 2, Philosophische Hauptwerke. 2, Ontologische und wissenschaftliche Revolution = Ontological and scientific revolution
Reality revisited : from clockwork to an evolving quantum world
Wholeness and the implicate order
Truth, grounding & dependence
An application of ontology technology in the semantic web within aromatherapy domain
Touching thought : ontology and sexual difference
On the nature of social and institutional reality
Plurality of thought
The undivided universe : an ontological interpretation of quantum theory
Nature and logos : a Whiteheadian key to Merleau-Ponty's fundamental thought
Ontologies : a handbook of principles, concepts and applications in information systems
[The ontology of social being]. 2, Marx's basic ontological principles
Genealogy and ontology of the Western image and its digital future
The activity of being : an essay on Aristotle's ontology
An ontological framework and a methodical skeleton for method engineering : a contextual approach
Three essays on phenomenology and ontology
From the Ultimate God to the Virtual God: Post-Ontotheological Perspectives on the Divine in Heidegger, Badiou, and Meillassoux
Lightweight data and knowledge exchange for pervasive environments
Naturalism and ontology
Externalism in the philosophy of mind
Phenomenologies of art and vision : a post-analytic turn
Theory of the political subject : void universalism II
Medical informatics : knowledge management and data mining in biomedicine
Division III of Heidegger's Being and time : the unanswered question of being
Being and event
