http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10562 plant physiology
plant physiology
Senescence in plants
Mechanisms behind pH changes by plant roots and shoots caused by elevated concentration of toxic elements
Isolation, identification and localization of endophytic bacteria in strawberry (Fragaria x anamassa Duch. L. and F. vesca L.)
Introduction to plant biochemistry
Characterization of the plant NAD(P)H oxidase : regulation by divalent cations
This book (28 chapters), which is the 17th volume in the Crop Production Science in Horticulture Series (18 volumes that focus on scientific principles underlying production practices for economically important horticultural crops from major production systems in temperate, subtropical and tropical climatic areas), summarizes the available information regarding the origin, taxonomy, breeding, physiology, agronomy, pathology (pests and diseases) and processing of cassava, sweet potato, yams and aroids (mainly Alocasia macrorrhiza, Amorphophallus campanulatus, Colocasia esculenta, Cyrtosperma merkusii and Xanthosoma sagittifolium). This book is for researchers, farmers, students and all stakeholders in developing countries, and for those who are working in international institutions.
Solute transport in plants
Plant physiology : a treatise. 5. B, Analysis of growth: the responses of cells and tissues in culture
Leaf-targeted ferredoxin-NADP[+] oxidoreductase (FNR) : electron transfer properties and thylakoid assocoation in Arapidopsis thaliana
Arsenic accumulation in plants for food and phytoremediation : influence by external factors
Potato biology and biotechnology : advances and perspectives
Plant physiology : molecular, biochemical, and physiological fundamentals of metabolism and development
Characterization of systemic acquired resistance in tobacco (Nicotiana tabacum L.) induced by Clavibacter michiganensis subsp. sepedonicus
Development in flowering plants
The hardiness of plants
Advanced plant physiology
Chloroplastic NADPH thioredoxin reductase as a regulator of auxin and amino acid biosynthesis in Arabidopsis thaliana
Third International Strawberry Symposium : Veldhoven, the Netherlands, 29 April - 4 May 1996. Vol. 2
How Plants Work brings the stranger-than-fiction science of the plant world to vivid life. It explains how plants tell time, how they move to follow the sun and capture food, and why they change color. Linda Chalder-Scott, of the popular blog The Garden Professors, uncovers these and other fascinating mysteries in this engaging and accessible introduction to plant physiology.--COVER.
Plant physiology and herbage production : proceedings of Symposium organised by the British Grassland Society 7-9 1981, held at the University of Nottingham
Lignin characteristics and ecological interactions of PtCOMT-modified silver birch
Proceedings of the VIth International Strawberry Symposium : Volume 2 : Huelva, Spain, March 3-7, 2008
Seagrasses and eutrophication : interactions between seagrass photosynthesis, epiphytes, macroalgae and mussels
Unravelling the complexity of cold acclimation in plants
Zhiwu shenglixue mingci
The grass crop : the physiological basis of production
The structure and function of plastids
Applications of modern mass spectrometry in plant science research
Physiology of woody plants
Thylakoid protein phosphorylation in leaves of two Arabidopsis thaliana mutants deficient in non-photochemical quenching of excitation energy
Plant membrane and vacuolar transporters
B-box proteins in light-regulated development in Arabidopsis
Metal fate and sensitivity in the aquatic tropical vegetable Ipomoea aquatica
Purification and charactrisation of plasma membrane proteins from tobacco (Nicotiana tabacum) BY-2 suspension culture cells and pollen tubes
Lectures on photomorphogenesis
The living plant : an introduction to botany, with illustrations by the author
Climate change, air pollution and global challenges : understanding and perspectives from forest research
Proceedings of the XXV International Horticultural Congress : Part 6 : Brussels, Belgium, 2-7 August, 1998
Shedding of plant parts
Photodamage to Oxygen Evolving Complex - An Initial Event in Photoinhibition of Photosystem II.
What a plant knows : a field guide to the senses
Root physiology : from gene to function
Height growth, site index, and carbon metabolism
Plant biotechnology and development
Postharvest biotechnology of flowers and ornamental plants
Proceedings of the SNS Seminar on "Stress in Nature" held at Oulanka, Finland, on September 11-14, 1989.
The living plant
Regulation of ADP-glucose and UDP-glucose conversions in plants : genes, gene functions, expression and sugar metabolic profiles
Functional biology of plants
Optimization of assay conditions and cultivation temperature in the nitrogen metabolism of barley leaves
Crop adaptation to climate change
Plants and microorganisms.
Algal photosynthesis : the measurement of algal gas exchange
Can protoplast production from in vitro cultured shoots of Tanacetum vary during the season?
Xanthophyll cycle in the light of thylakoid membrane lipids : membrane packing, curvature elastic stress and enzyme binding
Applications of plant metabolic engineering
LED lighting for urban agriculture
Novel proteins involved in dynamics of the photosynthetic apparatus
"Contemporary agriculture confronts the challenge of increasing demand in terms of quantitative and qualitative production targets. These targets have to be achieved against the background of soil and water scarcity, world-wide and regional shifts in the patterns of land use driven by both climate change and the need to develop crop-based sources of energy, and the environmental and social aspects of agricultural sustainability. Hence, this book compiles a multi-authored perspective on the ways in which crop physiology could be integrated with other disciplines. With a focus on genetic improvement and agronomy, this book addresses the challenges of environmentally sound production of bulk and quality food, fodder, fiber and energy which will be faced over the next decade".
Analyses of the growth of Scots pine : matching structure with function
Steady, ready, go : proteomics of etioplast inner membranes reveals a high readiness for light
How does a Venus flytrap know when to snap shut? How do roses know when it's spring? Do they actually remember the weather? Now, in 'What a Plant Knows', biologist Daniel Chamovitz presents an exploration of how plants experience our shared Earth in terms of sight, smell, taste, touch, hearing, memory and even awareness.
Tropical root and tuber crops : cassava, sweet potato, yams and aroids
Phytochemical methods : a guide to modern techniques of plant analysis
What a plant knows : a field guide to the senses of your garden - and beyond
Deletion of orf29 gene from the plant chloroplast genome
A physical analysis of sap flow dynamics in trees
The role of regeneration in plant niche differentiation and habitat specialization
Winter wheat, water, nitrogen and latitude
Interactions between morphological and physiological drought responses in Eucalyptus microtheca
Leaf development and canopy growth
Root genomics and soil interactions
How plants work : the science behind the amazing things plants do
Proceedings of Cycad 2008 : the 8th International Conference on Cycad Biology, 13 - 15 January 2008, Panama City, Panama
Polyamine metabolism during development of somatic and zygotic embryos of Picea abies (Norway spruce)
Impact of mycorrhiza formation and drought stress on the expression and function of aquaporins in Norway spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karst.) and hybrid aspen (Populus tremula L. x Populus tremuloides Mich.)
Plant responses to environmental stresses : from phytohormones to genome reorganization
Ecology of leaf longevity
Light and plant growth
Hormonal regulation of plant growth and development. Vol. 2
Plant-animal communication
Seasonal responses of photosynthesis and growth of a bioenergy crop (Phalaris arundinacea L.) to climatic change under varying water regimes
Photodamage to oxygen evolving complex : an initial event in photoinhibition of photosystem II
Developmental mutants in higher plants
An introduction to plant physiology
Proceedings of the Fourth International Symposium on Cucurbits : Changsha, Hunan, China, September 21 - 26, 2009
Physiology of disease resistance in plants. Vol. 2
The Timber Press dictionary of plant names
Plant physiology 75th anniversary : conceptual breakthroughs in biology
Tomato plant culture : in the field, greenhouse, and home garden
Root engineering : basic and applied concepts
Elevated carbon dioxide : impacts on soil and plant water relations
Photomorphogenesis in plants
Phytostabilization of mine tailings covered with fly ash and sewage sludge
Senescence and aging in plants
Size- and age-related changes in tree structure and function
Photobiology of higher plants
Plants interact with small organisms in their environment, such as bacteria, fungi, oomycetes, nematodes and insects. Some of these can cause diseases and pests whereas others can have a plant-beneficial action, such as (i) protecting plants against diseases, (ii) enhancing plant growth and productivity, (iii) reducing plant stresses caused by attackers, draught and salts, and (iv) cleaning soils from pollutants. Our understanding of plant-microbe interactions advances rapidly and the application of beneficial microbes in agriculture and horticulture - presently USD 1.7 billion annually - is increasing fast. Therefore, there is a strong need to present the principles of these interactions to a broad public. In this book, the basics of all interactions mentioned above are explained in an easily understandable way. Modern state-of-the-art technology on visualization of these interactions and on DNA techniques will be highlighted. Successful examples of progress are presented in the section Paradigms of Plant-Microbe Interactions. Finally, a number of innovative ongoing research projects will be presented. Presently, plants are mainly protected from diseases and pests by using agrochemicals. However, many of these chemicals pollute the environment and can be a health threat for animals and humans. This book show that microbes can help to reduce chemical input and can also be used in combination with chemicals, or even replace agrochemicals. It is generally accepted that the use of microbes will cause a breakthrough in agriculture and horticulture, making it more sustainable in a cost-effective way. Major chemical companies are buying microbial biotech companies. This book is aimed at everybody working in or interested in one of the many fields of plant-microbe interactions and who wants to become quickly familiar with (other) aspects of this broad field.
The life of plants
Plant physiology : the structure of plants explained
Recent research developments in plant biology
Cellulase as a major pathogenicity factor in potato ring rot bacterium (Clavibacter michiganensis subsp. sepedonicus)
Offers a comprehensive examination of international potato production. This book discusses how potatoes are managed post harvest, the underlying science behind practices and the influences that can affect final quality. It also describes potato physiology, harvesting techniques and loading procedures as well as optimum storage conditions.
Recent research developments in phytochemistry
"Respected and known worldwide in the field for his research in plant nutrition, Dr. Horst Marschner authored two editions of Mineral Nutrition of Higher Plants. His research greatly advanced the understanding of plant nutrition ranging from rhizosphere processes to nutrient uptake and utilization by plants in the field. While visiting field experiments in West Africa in 1996, Dr. Marschner contracted malaria and passed away, and until now this legacy title went unrevised. Despite the passage of time, it remains the definitive reference on plant mineral nutrition. Since the last edition, great progress has been made in the understanding of various aspects of plant nutrition. In recent years, the perspective on the mode of action of nutrients in plant metabolism and yield formation has shifted. Much progress has been made in the molecular aspects of nutrient uptake and transport within plants as well as the responses of plants to nutrient deficiency or toxicity. These and many other developments are covered in this long-awaited new edition."--P. [4] of cover.
Green planet : how plants keep the Earth alive
Waterlogging signalling and tolerance in plants
Molecular mechanisms in actinorhizal symbioses
Role of temperature in the biological activity of a boreal forest
Seed development, dormancy and germination
Recent research developments in plant physiology
The physiology of flowering
Alternative pathways in the plant respiratory chain : transgenic analyses of type II NAD(P)H dehydrogenases
Plant growth and leaf-applied chemicals
Plants of the Balkan Peninsula : into the next Millenium : proceedings of the 2nd Balkan botanical congress held at Istanbul, Turkey, 14-18 May 2000.. Vol. 2
The life of a leaf
Sustainable forests : earthscan reference collections. Volume 2, Forests and the physical, chemical and biological environment
Fundamentals of plant physiology
Physiological analysis of methods to relieve dormancy of lettuce seeds
Botany of the living plant
Environmental plant physiology
Introduction to plant physiology
Physiological aspects of crop productivity : proceedings of the 15th colloquium of the International Potash Institute held in Wageningen/The Netherlands
Plants under stress : biochemistry, physiology and ecology and their application to plant improvement
Biological weighting of UV-B radiation : the importance of wavelenght for the inhibition of microalgae
Freezing and low temperature photoinhibition tolerance in cultivated potato and potato hybrids
Growth and differentiation in plants
Photoinhibition : struggle between damage and repair of photosystem II
Effects of disease on the physiology of the growing plant
Advanced Plant Physiology
Physiological ecology of forest production : principles, processes and models
Principles of horticultural physiology
Linking water and carbon cycles : modeling latent heat exchange and dissolved organic carbon
Conservation of transcription factors in infected cells of nitrogen-fixing root nodules
Experimental morphogenesis and integration of plants
Starch metabolism of chloroplasts as influenced by light
Principles of plant-microbe interactions : microbes for sustainable agriculture
Proceedings of the VIIth International Strawberry Symposium : Beijing, China, February 18-22, 2012
The role of the homeobox gene ATHB16 in development regulation in Arabidopsis thaliana
Marschner's mineral nutrition of higher plants
Handbook of maize : its biology
Growth and defence in plants : resource allocation at multiple scales
Proceedings of the Ist World Congress on the use of Biostimulants in Agriculture : Strasbourg, France, November 26-29, 2012
Proceedings of the Xth International Symposium on Integrating Canopy, Rootstock and Environmental Physiology in Orchard Systems : Stellenbosch, South Africa, December 3-6, 2012
Comparison of growth and physiological responses to severe drought between two altitudinal Hippophae rhamnoides populations
Photosynthesis
Development and optimization of reverse transcription PCR assay for genotyping of entero- and rhinovirus isolates
Cyanobacterial acclimation to changing environmental conditions : roles for group 2 sigma factors in Synechocystis sp. PCC 6803
Arctic ecosystems in a changing climate : an ecophysiological perspective
Proceedings of the International Workshop on Floral Biology and S-Incompatibility in Fruit Species : San Michelle all̕ Adige (Trento) and Bologna, Italy June 22-25, 2011
Interactions in soil : promoting plant growth
Hormone action in plant development : a critical appraisal
Anatomical and cytological comparison of teh development of crown gall in three host species
Wood properties of northern forest trees grown under elevated CO2, O3 and temperature
Leaf protein, its agronomy, preparation, quality and use
The arctic region is predicted to experience the earliest and most pronounced global warming response to human-induced climatic change. This book synthesizes information on the physiological ecology of arctic plants, discusses how physiological processes influence ecosystem processes, and explores how climate warming will affect arctic plants, plant communities, and ecosystem processes. It reviews the physiological ecology of arctic plants. It explores biotic controls over community and ecosystems processes. It provides physiological bases for predicting how the Arctic will respond to global climate change.
EUROSILVA contribution to forest tree physiology : Dourdan (France), November 7-10, 1994
Vegetation dynamics : a synthesis of plant ecophysiology, remote sensing and modelling
Antioxidants, oxidative damage and oxygen deprivation stress : a review
The dynamic plant cell membrane : lipid metabolism and membrane function in response to varying environmental conditions
Multigenic and induced systemic resistance in plants
Adaptations and responses of woody plants to environmental stresses
The plant in relation to water
Cyanobacterial genome evolution subsequent to domestication by a plant (Azolla)
Lives of conifers : a comparative account of the coniferous trees
Physiological plant ecology : the 39th Symposium of the British Ecological Society, held at the University of York, 7-9 September 1998
Response of crops to air pollutants
Advances in plant ethylene research : proceedings of the 7th International Symposium on the Plant Hormone Ethylene
This book describes the natural history of leaf defence against both invertebrate and vertebrate attack, incorporating insights from the field and laboratory.
Trees in a changing environment : ecophysiology, adaptation, and future survival
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Plant Physiology from Cell to Fruit Production System : Lisbon, Portugal August 22-27, 2010
Protein phosphatases 2A and 2C in Arabidopsis thaliana : role in defence and growth signalling
Oscillatory water regulation in young oat plants
The effect of some carboxylic acids and hydrogen peroxide on onion chromosomes
Physiology-breeding of winter cereals for stressed Mediterranean environments = Physiologie-Sélection des céréales d'hiver en conditions méditerranéennes : Montpellier (France), July 3.6.1989
Temperature and plant development
Crop physiology : applications for genetic improvement and agronomy
Organisation of the light harvesting complex in fucoxanthin containing algae
Allocation of added selenium in lettuce and its impact on roots
Plant resource allocation
On variation, inheritance and chemical interrelationship of monoterpenes in Scots pine [Pinus silvestris L.]
RNA silencing and its inhibition in transgenic tobacco plants
Ca[sup 2+]-induced high amplitude swelling and cytochrome c release from wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) mitochondria under anoxic stress
Screening and characterization of ascorbate peroxidase mutants from T-DNA insertion lines of Arabidopsis thaliana
Wood and tree fungi : biology, damage, protection, and use
Proceedings of the Vth International Symposium on Rose Research and Cultivation : Gifu, Japan, May 24 - 28, 2009
Common families of flowering plants
Simulation of spring wheat responses to elevated CO2 and temperature by using CERES-wheat crop model
Potatoes postharvest
Plant image analysis : fundamentals and applications
Plant physics
Leaf defence
Studies on the heme-globin linkage, ligand binding and primary and secondary structure of soybean leghemoglobin a
Plant calreticulins : isoforms, localization and function
Symplastically transmitted signals regulate pattern formation during root development in Arabidopsis thaliana
Phytochemical dictionary : a handbook of bioactive compounds from plants
Ethylene : agricultural resources and applications
Photosynthesis : metabolism, control, and physiology
Physiology and biochemistry of auxins in plants : proceedings of the symposium, held at Liblice, Czechoslovakia, September 28 - October 2, 1987
Thylakoid protein phosphorylation in regulation of photosynthesis
Climate change-induced alterations in growth, amino acids, phenolics and fungal infections of bilberry (Vaccinium myrtillus L.)
