http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10550 sausages
sausages
Bioprotective and probiotic meat starter cultures for the fermentation of dry sausages
Shallow-water Holothuroidea (Echinodermata) from Kenya and Pemba Island, Tanzania
Viljo Revell : "It was teamwork, you see"
Presentation of 29 Finnish illustrators
Survival of Listeria monocytogenes in North European type dry sausages fermented by bioprotective meat starter cultures
Barrafina : a Spanish cookbook
Cattle and reindeer as possible sources of Escherichia coli 0157 infection in humans
Advances in sea cucumber aquaculture and management
Across the five regions, the scale of catches and the number of exploited species varies widely, the Asian and Pacific regions being those with the highest catches and species diversity. Most fisheries are multispecific, or have evolved from single-species to multispecies fisheries as the more valuable species became overexploited. There are many typologies of sea cucumber fisheries, ranging from artisanal, to semi-industrial and industrial. The bulk of the catches are exported to supply the Asian bêche-de-mer market, with China Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (SAR) the main export destination for the totality of countries reviewed. With the exception of some stocks in the temperate areas of the northern hemisphere, sea cucumber stocks are under intense fishing throughout the world. In Latin America and the Caribbean it appears that high valued commercial species have been depleted. In the majority of the countries reviewed in the Africa and Indian Ocean region stocks are overfished. Likewise in the Asian Pacific region the most sought-after species are largely depleted.
Formation of biogenic amines during ripening of dry sausages as affected by starter culture and thawing time of raw materials
Control of Listeria monocytogenes in the food industry
Microbiological spoilage and contamination of vacuum-packaged cooked sausages
Meat smoking and smokehouse design
The effect of low salt content and low pH value on the water binding capacity of cooked sausage
Variety meats
Making great sausage at home : 30 savory links from around the world plus dozens of delicious sausage dishes
Professional garde manger : a comprehensive guide to cold food preparation
Characterization and identification of lactic acid bacteria in "morcilla de Burgos"
Boom-and-bust cycles are commonplace in the exploitation history of sea cucumber fisheries but pandemic overfishing to critical levels now threatens the persistence of breeding stocks for future generations of coastal fishers. Resource managers must embrace an ecosystem approach to fisheries, in which biodiversity conservation, ecosystem services and the concerns of stakeholders are taken into account alongside of the productivity of stocks and the economic gains from fishing. This booklet provides a "roadmap" for developing and implementing better management of sea cucumber fisheries.--Publisher's description.
Improving the quality of dry-cured sausages using pork from rustic breeds
Butchery and sausage-making for dummies
Meat in emulsion type sausages : an overview
Effect of nitrite on growth of nonproteolytic Clostridium botulinum type B in frankfurter-type sausage
German sausage-makers trust in tradition
The present document reviews the population status, fishery and trade of sea cucumbers worldwide through the collation and analysis of the available information from five regions, covering known sea cucumber fishing grounds: temperate areas of the Northern Hemisphere; Latin America and the Caribbean; Africa and Indian Ocean; Asia; and Western Central Pacific. In each region a case study of a "hotspot" country or fishery was conducted to highlight critical problems and opportunities for the sustainable management of sea cucumber fisheries. The hotspots are Papua New Guinea, Philippines, Seychelles, Galapagos Islands and the fishery for Cucumaria frondosa of Newfoundland in Canada.
Garde manger : the art and craft of the cold kitchen
Sausage and processed meat formulations
The papers also discuss some of the factors behind the unsustainable use of sea cucumbers and the role and potential benefits of alternative management measures, such as the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES). The lack of capacity to gather the basic information needed for management plans, weak enforcement, the high demand from international markets and the pressure exerted from resource-dependent communities figure high as important factors responsible for the critical status of sea cucumber fisheries worldwide. Authors concur on the need for immediate actions to stop the trend of sequential depletion of species if we are to conserve stocks biodiversity and sustain the ecological, social and economic benefits of these resources.
Effect of becterial inoculations on characteristics and microbial flora of dry sausage
Culinary art and traditions of Switzerland : a selection of recipes, typical regional foods, characteristic aspects of the country
The use of pork from rustic pig breeds was tested to improve the quality of dry-cured fermented sausages. The quality of a salchichon/salami-type sausage manufactured with pork from Chato Murciano breed (CM) and Early White pig (EW) (Large White x Landrace breed) was compared. CM pork improved several quality characteristics of dry-cured fermented sausage. Significant (p . 0.05) differences between mean CM and EW values were found for total lipids, ash, collagen, water activity, total acidity, CIELab colour, proteolysis, fat acidity, fatty acid profile, total viable counts, lactic acid bacteria, Micrococacceae, moulds and yeasts, colour, odour, flavour, fattiness and acceptance. CM mainly intensified the reddening of sausage cuts and increased monounsaturated acids in fat. Acceptance was also better for CM, although odour and flavour were only slightly improved. The production of high-quality specialities of dry-cured meat products can contribute to the sustainable production of CM and similar rustic pig breeds, maintaining the genetic diversity of pig species.
Sodium reduction in cooked meat products by using commercial potassium phoshate mixtures
Sir Scallywag and the battle for stinky bottom
Charcuterie : the craft of salting, smoking, and curing
Essential Pepin : more than 700 all-time favorites from my life in food
Lactic acid bacterial contamination at meat processing plants : with special reference to ropy slime producing lactic acid bacteria
Putting into practice an ecosystem approach to managing sea cucumber fisheries
Leuconostoc spoilage of refrigerated, packaged foods
Russian market survey for Kotivara Oy : Saint Petersburg retailers and cold-smoked sausage market
The bacterial flora and keepability of Finnish frankfurters
Influence of porcine fat saturation of fat- and water-holding capacities of cooked sausage
"For the first time ever, the legendary chef collects and updates the best recipes from his six-decade career. With a searchable DVD demonstrating every technique a cook will ever need. In his more than sixty years as a chef, Jacques Pepin has earned a reputation as a champion of simplicity. His recipes are classics. They find the shortest, surest route to flavor, avoiding complicated techniques. Now, in a book that celebrates his life in food, the world's most famous cooking teacher winnows his favorite recipes from the thousands he has created, streamlining them even further. They include Onion Soup Lyonnaise-Style, which Jacques enjoyed as a young chef while bar-crawling in Paris; Linguine with Clam Sauce and Vegetables, a frequent dinner chez Jacques; Grilled Chicken with Tarragon Butter, which he makes indoors in winter and outdoors in summer; Five-Peppercorn Steak, his spin on a bistro classic; Meme's Apple Tart, which his mother made every day in her Lyon restaurant; and Warm Chocolate Fondue Souffle, part cake, part pudding, part souffle, and pure bliss. Essential Pepin spans the many styles of Jacques's cooking: homey country French, haute cuisine, fast food Jacques-style, and fresh contemporary American dishes. Many of the recipes are globally inspired, from Mexico, across Europe, or the Far East. In the accompanying searchable DVD, Jacques shines as a teacher, as he demonstrates all the techniques a cook needs to know. This truly is the essential Pepin. "--
Old world sausage-recipes
Effect of nitrite on growth of nonproteolytic Clostridium botulinum type B in Frankfurter-type sausage
Gastronomy : the anthropology of food and food habits
Biogenic amines in Finnish dry sausages
Scout and the sausage thief
Effect of bacterial inoculations on characteristics and microbial flora of dry sausage
Cattle and reindeer as possible sources of Escherichia coli O157 infection in humans
Despite the fact that sea cucumber fishing is not a traditional activity, a large number of coastal communities have developed a strong dependency on it as alternative source of income. Reconciling the need for conservation with the socio-economic importance that these fisheries have acquired will require effective management efforts, which are currently lacking in many places. The hotspot case studies show for instance that, despite the adoption of management plans in some countries, the lack of enforcement capacity poses considerable constraints on the effectiveness of adopted management measures, besides exacerbating illegal, unreported and unregulated fishing and trade.
Creatures of the deep : in search of the sea's "monsters" and the world they live in
Consumer perception and sensory analyses of pork flavour : effects of fatty acid composition and processing = Forbrukeroppfatning og sensorisk analyse av svinekjøtt : effekter av fettsyresammensetning og prosessering
Formation of biogenic amines in dry sausages : with special reference to raw materials, lactic acid bacteria, pH decrease, temperature and time
Survival of Escherichia coli O157:H7 in dry sausage fermented by probiotic lactic acid bacteria
Commercially important sea cucumbers of the world
Managing sea cucumber fisheries with an ecosystem approach
Makkaratalo - kortteliuudistuksen monumentti = Korvhuset - ett monument över kvartersförnyelsen = Makkaratalo - a monument to the remaking of an urban quarter / Lauri Jääskeläinen
Biologically active amines : analytics, occurence and formation in dry sausages
Sausage casing technology
Key factors influencing economic relationships and communication in European food chains (FOODCOMM) : review of sausage and rye bread chains in Finland
Survival and detection of Escherichia coli O157:H7 and Listeria monocytogenes during the manufacture of dry sausage using two different starter cultures
Sea cucumbers : a global review of fisheries and trade
