http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10533 political theory
political theory
Ethical theory in the study of international politics
An outline for a theory of political semiotics
The fundamentals of political science research
Strategy : a history
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2003, vol. 7.
Stakeholder relations in macro-regional science cooperation : case study : Stakeholder analysis for BONUS joint research and development programme
Buddhism and political theory
States and morals : a study in political conflicts
Issues in political theory
Fast policy : experimental statecraft at the thresholds of neoliberalism
Political theory and ideology in African society : proceedings of a seminar held in the Centre of African Studies, University of Edinburgh, 27th and 28th February 1970.
Ideology after poststructuralism
The triangular relationship between the social, the political and the cultural has opened up social and political theory to new challenges. The social can no longer be reduced to the category of society, and the political extends beyond the traditional concerns of the nature of the state and political authority. This Handbook will address a range of issues that have recently emerged from the disciplines of social and political theory, focusing on key themes as opposed to schools of thought or major theorists. It is divided into three sections which address: the most influential theoretical traditions that have emerged from the legacy of the twentieth century the most important new and emerging frameworks of analysis today the major theoretical problems in recent social and political theory. The Routledge International Handbook of Contemporary Social and Political Theory encompasses the most up-to-date developments in contemporary social and political theory, and as such is an essential research tool for both undergraduate and postgraduate students, as well as researchers, working in the fields of political theory, social and political philosophy, contemporary social theory, and cultural theory.
In Strategy: A History, Sir Lawrence Freedman captures the vast history of strategic thinking, how strategy came to pervade every aspect of our lives. The range of Freedman's narrative is moving from the advanced strategy practiced in primate groups, to the opposing strategies of Achilles and Odysseus in The Iliad, the strategic advice of Sun Tzu and Machiavelli, the great military innovations of Baron Henri de Jomini and Carl von Clausewitz, the grounding of revolutionary strategy in class struggles by Marx, the insights into corporate strategy found in Peter Drucker and Alfred Sloan, and the contributions of the leading social scientists working on strategy today. The core issue at the heart of strategy, the author notes, is whether it is possible to manipulate and shape our environment rather than simply become the victim of forces beyond one's control. Time and again, Freedman demonstrates that the inherent unpredictability of this environment-subject to chance events, the efforts of opponents, the missteps of friends-provides strategy with its challenge and its drama. Armies or corporations or nations rarely move from one predictable state of affairs to another, but instead feel their way through a series of states, each one not quite what was anticipated, requiring a reappraisal of the original strategy, including its ultimate objective. Thus the picture of strategy that emerges in this book is one that is fluid and flexible, governed by the starting point, not the end point.
A rhetoric of reduction : Bertrand de Jouvenel's pure theory of politics as persuasion
The self and the political order
Sources in twentieth-century political thought
Hannah Arendt and political theory : challenging the tradition
Hegemony and socialist strategy : towards a radical democratic politics
What is political theory and why do we need it?
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 1998, vol. 2.
Public policy theories, models, and concepts : an anthology
Approaches to Gramsci
The concept of representation
Introduction to contemporary political theory
Spatial model analysis of party policy strategies : insights of deterministic and probabilistic voting with 'biased' voters: applications to Finland
Representative government and the degeneration of democracy. 1
Security studies : an introduction
Legal personality and political pluralism
"ACSM's Health/Fitness Facility Standards and Guidelines" presents the current standards and guidelines that help health and fitness establishments provide high-quality service and programme offerings in a safe environment. This fourth edition includes new standards and guidelines for pre-activity screening, orientation, education and supervision. A key benefit to the new edition is that it will assist health and fitness facility managers, owners and staff in keeping to a standard of operation, client care and service that will assist members and users in caring for their health through safe and appropriate exercise experiences.
Encyclopedia of political theory
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2001, vol. 5.
Democracy, risk, and community : technological hazards and the evolution of liberalism
Readings in medieval political theory : 1100-1400
Politics and post-structuralism : an introduction
American political thought
Vocations of political theory
Law and reflexive politics
Political and sociological theory and its applications
Contemporary political thought : a critical study
Political science and political theory
Between past and future : Six Exercises in Political Thought
Between philosophy and politics : the alienation of political theory
Contextualist dilemmas : methodology of the history of political theory in two stages
International relations : a general theory
Essays on the theory of optimal taxation
Fifty major political thinkers
A critical analysis of the autonomy of art in Finnish cultural policy 1978-2011
Using political ideas
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2002, vol. 6.
E pluribus unum. Scripta in honorem Eerik Lagerspetz sexagesimum annum complentis
Monetary economics : policy and its theoretical basis
Insurgencies : constituent power and the modern state
The concept of the political on the world stage
Cosmopolitan political thought : method, practice, discipline
Liberalism as ideology : essays in honour of Michael Freeden
The Sage handbook of diplomacy
The dividing discipline : hegemony and diversity in international theory
Radical democracy : politics between abundance and lack
Republicanism and political theory
The political theory of anarchism
A philosophy of concrete life : Carl Schmitt and the political thought of late modernity
Population and political theory
A theory of political obligation : membership, commitment, and the bonds of society
In discussing a topic, political science lecturers and course textbooks often toss out the name of a theorist or make a sideways reference to a particular theory and move on, as if assuming their student audience possesses the necessary background to appreciate and integrate the reference. However, academic librarians can tell you this is usually far from the case. Students often approach them seeking a source to provide a quick overview of a particular theory or theorist with just the basics: the who, what, where, how, and why. And librarians often find it difficult to guide these students to a quick, one-stop source. "SAGE Reference" presents the three-volume "Encyclopedia of Political Theory", available in both print and electronic formats. This work serves as a reference source for anyone interested in the roots of contemporary political theory. Drawing together a team of international scholars, it examines the global landscape of all the key theories and the theorists behind them, presenting them in the context needed to understand their strengths and weaknesses. In addition to interpretations of long-established theories, it also offers essays on cutting-edge research as one might find in a handbook. And, like an unabridged dictionary, it provides concise, to-the-point definitions of key concepts, ideas, schools, and figures. Coverage includes: Ancient Theory; Medieval Theory; Early Modern Theory; Enlightenment; Modern Theory; Constitutionalism; Liberalism; Critical Theory; Continental Theory; Empirical Theory; and, Comparative Political Thought.
Contemporary French political thought
The last interview and other conversations
The American political mind : a textbook in political theory
Political thought of Václav Havel : philosophical influences and contemporary applications
Understanding global conflict and cooperation : an introduction to theory and history
Greek tragedy and political theory
Contemporary political theory
Democracy : a reader
Cod fishery of the European Union and Russia at the Baltic Sea : a game-theoretic analysis
State and civil society : explorations in political theory
Financial sector reforms in Pakistan and a test for McKinnon and Shaw's transmission mechanism: 'Lessons from the last decade'
Rationality and public goods : essays in analytic political theory
Political theories of decolonization : postcolonialism and the problem of foundations
Carl Schmitt : politics and theory
English political thought in the 19th century
A history of political theories : recent times : essays on contemporary developments in political theory
Routledge international handbook of contemporary social and political theory
The political and social theory of Max Weber : collected essays
Political thought from Gerson to Grotius 1414-1625 : seven studies
The power of international theory : reforging the link to foreign policy-making through scientific enquiry
World politics : the writings of theorists and practitioners, classical and modern
Crick asserts that politics, with its compromises and power struggles, remains the only tested alternative to government by coercion, making both freedoma nd order possible in heterogeneous societies. For Crick, politics is necessarily imperfect, messy anmd complex, yet his book defends it against htose who would identify it with (and reduce it to) ideology, nationalism, technology or populist democracy. In this fifth edition, Crick warns us that present-day politicians are in danger of threatening both citizenship and common humanity. He discusses the popular distrust for politicians in both the UK and USA, arguing that they have lowered the level of publicdebate for short-term gain; and he discusses how suchvshort-termism is preventing timely attempts to tackle despoliation of the global environment.
Sectarian identities or geopolitics? : the regional Shia-Sunni divide in the Middle East
Hegemony and revolution : a study of Antonio Gramsei's political and cultural theory
The idea of political theory : reflections on the self in political time and space
The political theory of animal rights
The postmodern and political agency
Ideas in conflict : the political theories of the contemporary world
What is comparative politics?
The Sage handbook of governance
Terms of inquiry : on the theory and practice of political science
An introduction to modern political theory
Fascism and political theory : critical perspectives on fascist ideology
Is democracy a lost cause? : paradoxes of an imperfect invention
Masters of the universe : Hayek, Friedman, and the birth of neoliberal politics
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 1999, vol. 3.
The theory of social democracy
The politics of postmodernity : essays in applied hermeneutics
The radical Machiavelli : politics, philosophy and language
Roots of political behavior : introduction to government and politics
Men in political theory
Walter Benjamin and Sigmund Freud between theory and politics
Political representation
E pluribus unum : scripta in honorem Eerik Lagerspetz sexagesimum annum complentis
Feminist challenges : social and political theory
Western political theory : the modern age
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2000, vol. 4.
Music and politics
Political game theory : an introduction
Political spaces and global war
The notion of the state : an introduction to political theory
Political theory
Democratic legitimacy and the politics of rights : a comparative analysis of the conceptual relationship between democracy and rights in contemporary political theories
The elements of modern politics : an introduction to political science
After the last man : excurses to the limits of the technological system
Democracy (made in Taiwan) : the "success" state as a political theory
Beyond ideology : the revival of political theory
In defence of politics
The concept of the political
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 1997.
Monistic and pluralistic interpretations in the study of international politics : a methodological examination
