http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10575 problem children
problem children
Children in trouble : the role of families, schools and communities
Preventing bullying and school violence
Teaching students with behavior disorders : techniques and activities for classroom instruction
Managing behavioural treatment : policy and practice with delinquent adolescents
The early identification of educationally 'at risk' children
Teacher research and special educational needs
Behaviour problems in young children : assessment and management
Exploring human traffiking as a public health and 'glocal' issue : future considerations and a plea for Finnish society to take action
How to live with your special child : a practical guide for parents and teachers
Children with emotional and behavioural difficulties : strategies for assessment and intervention
Sharp objects : a novel
Why students underachieve : what educators and parents can do about it
Working with emotions : responding to the challenge of difficult pupil behaviour in schools
The sociopathology of education
Rethinking policy for at-risk students
One child
Defusing disruptive behavior in the classroom
Promoting child development and mental health in adult psychiatric care : a nurses' perspective
Make me! : understanding and engaging student resistance in school
Children and society
Classroom behaviour : a practical guide to effective teaching, behaviour management and colleague support
Children's thoughts and feelings
Expertise and decision making among clinicians in investigations of alleged child sexual abuse
The psychology of exceptional children
Sleepless in America : is your child misbehaving ...or missing sleep?
A revolution in working with difficult students began during the 1980s, with a dramatic shift away from dependence on simply punishing bad behavior to reinforcing desired, positive behaviors of children in the classroom. With its foundation in applied behavior analysis (ABA), positive behavior support (PBS) is a social ecology approach that continues to play an increasingly integral role in public education as well as mental health and social services nationwide. The Handbook of Positive Behavior Support gathers into one concise volume the many elements of this burgeoning field and organizes them into a powerful, dynamic knowledge base -- theory, research, and applications. Within its chapters, leading experts, including the primary developers and researchers of PBS: (1) Review the origins, history, and ethical foundations of positive behavior support. (2) Report on applications of PBS in early childhood and family contexts, from Head Start to foster care to mental health settings to autism treatment programs. (3) Examine school-based PBS used to benefit all students regardless of ability or conduct. (4) Relate schoolwide PBS to wraparound mental health services and the RTI (response to intervention) movement. (5) Provide data and discussion on a variety of topics salient to PBS, including parenting issues, personnel training, high school use, poorly functioning schools, and more.
Parenting your defiant child : from toddles to teens : the Kazdin method for managing difficult behaviour
The parent swap shop
"DESCRIPTION A widely used practitioner guide and text, this book presents a blueprint for meeting the challenges of severe problem behavior in grades PreK-8. It shows how to provide effective behavior support for the 1-5% of students who require intensive, individualized intervention. Case examples illustrate step-by-step procedures for identifying student needs using functional behavioral assessment (FBA) and designing, implementing, and evaluating team-based behavior support plans (BSP). The book also describes how to build school- and district-wide capacity to conduct FBA-BSP. Reproducible forms and worksheets are included; purchasers get access to a Web page where they can download and print the reproducible materials in a convenient 8 1/2" x 11" size"--
Educating oppositional and defiant children
Lost in care : the problems of maintraining links between children in care and their families
Antisocial behavior in school : strategies and best practices
Psychology of exceptional children
Improving school attendance
$2.00 a day : living on almost nothing in America
Abstract: Stadi-boys, crime and child protection : five case studies from six decades.
Students with emotional and behavioral problems : assessment, management, and intervention strategies
Philosophy, behaviour disorders, and the school
Abstract: The purpose of this final project was to describe the harmful effects of parental substance abuse from child perspective as having to grow up in a substance abusing family is considered as child maltreatment. In addition, the trends in parental substance abuse and the children's visibility in the treatment cycle were stressed as the data was gathered from Järvenpää Addiction Hospital's children's treatment documents.    This study is of qualitative nature including 80 treatment documents from two decades that were processed using content analysis. The theoretical framework was drawn from the attachment theory and especially concentrating on the attachment disturbances.    The findings were reflected against earlier studies and the attachment theory. The results indicated that the four major emotional harms that had risen from previous studies were visible in the treatment documents as well; insecurity, restlessness, anxiety and aggression. Additionally, the children had frequently encountered different traumatising experiences such as domestic violence that then had exposed them to psychosomatic symptoms.    To conclude, the attachment relationship between the parent and the child plays a significant role in the child's development and the substance abuse of a parent may cause attachment disturbances to the child. Therefore, the child perspective in a substance abusing family should not be belittled as the children are habitually suffering severe harm that may affect them throughout their lifespan.
Comparing children, families and risks
The Harmful Effects of Parental Substance Abuse on Children
Tiger's child
Helping at-risk students : a group counseling approach for grades 6-9
Tried and tested strategies : behaviour in the early years
Troubled families - problem children : working with parents : a collaborative process
Schools and disruptive pupils
Helping foster children in school : a guide for foster parents, social workers and teachers
Adolescent problem behaviors : issues and research
The SAGE handbook of emotional and behavioral difficulties
School behaviour and families : frameworks for working together
The Welfare of Children with Mentally Ill Parents examines the interventions made by professional workers from a range of different disciplines in families with dependent children and a mentally ill parent. The authors compare responses of professionals in ten European countries and one state in Australia. The analysis of the differences sheds new light on both the inherent and system-determined difficulties in helping families to manage their situation effectively. Features the only comparative study of mental health social services and the law governing compulsory hospital admission Covers a current "hot-button" topic that is growing in importance as the impact of social policy developments on children over time becomes more apparent Offers a unique perspective due to the focus on the impact of children of mentally ill parents and the international systems that deal with child protection.
Risk and resilience in childhood : an ecological perspective
Emotional problems of development in children
The hyperactive child : diagnosis, management, current research
All the ugly and wonderful things : a novel
Not a problem? : girls and school exclusion
The Tiger's Child
Children, families and social exclusion : new approaches to prevention
As the daughter of a drug dealer, Wavy knows not to trust people, not even her own parents. It's safer to keep her mouth shut and stay out of sight. Struggling to raise her little brother, Donal, eight-year-old Wavy is the only responsible adult around. Obsessed with the constellations, she finds peace in the starry night sky above the fields behind her house, until one night her star gazing causes an accident. After witnessing his motorcycle wreck, she forms an unusual friendship with one of her father's thugs, Kellen, a tattooed ex-con with a heart of gold. By the time Wavy is a teenager, her relationship with Kellen is the only tender thing in a brutal world of addicts and debauchery. When tragedy rips Wavy's family apart, a well-meaning aunt steps in, and what is beautiful to Wavy looks ugly under the scrutiny of the outside world. Kellen may not be innocent, but he is the fixed point in Wavy and Donal's chaotic universe. Instead of playing it safe, Wavy has to learn to fight for Kellen, for her brother, and for herself.
Treating troubled children and their families
Kids who underachieve
The family and the school : a joint systems approach to problems with children
The new youth justice
Conduct disorders in childhood and adolescence
No more misbehavin' : 38 difficult behaviors and how to stop them
Schools and delinquency
Troublesome behaviour in the classroom : meeting individual needs
Better learning, better behaviour
Intuition is not enough : matching learning with practice in therapeutic child care
How to handle hard-to-handle preschoolers : a guide for early childhood educators
Training teachers to work in schools considered difficult
Hyperkinetic children : a neuropsychosocial approach
Primary school teaching and educational psychology
Emotional and behavioral disorders : theory and practice
Social class, gender and exclusion from school
Motivating the difficult to teach
Brief intervention for school problems : collaborating for practical solutions
The true story of two neglected little children saved from abuse and transformed by the love and care of foster mother Maggie Hartley.
Childhood determinants of later health
Prevention and early intervention with children in need
Getting to normal : a novel
Challenging behaviors in early childhood settings : creating a place for all children
Building positive behavior support systems in schools : functional behavioral assessment
Reducing behavior problems in the elementary school classroom
Residential child care : international perspectives on links with families and peers
Help your child or teen get back on track : what parents and professionals can do for childhood emotional and behavioral problems
Educating children with emotional and behavioral difficulties : inclusive practice in mainstream schools
Divas & dictators : the secrets to having a much better behaved child
The game educator's handbook : revised international edition
Counseling kids with emotional and behavioral problems in the schools
Action research, special needs and school development
Ghosts from the nursery : tracing the roots of violence
Emotional growth and learning
Childhood problems and the teacher
The family school : the impact of a group training programme on overactive hard-to-manage preschool children and their parents
Brief strategic intervention for school behavior problems
Handbook of positive behavior support
Tiny Prisoners: Two siblings trapped in a world of abuse. One woman determined to free them
Dealing with disruptive students in the classroom
Helping troubled children
Therapeutic storywriting : a practical guide to developing emotional literacy in primary schools
The maltreatment of the school-aged child
Students' problem solving in the LEGO/Logo learning environment
Educating students with behavior disorders ; Michael S. Rosenberg...[et al.]
Child and adolescent behaviour problems : a multi-disciplinary approach to assessment and intervention
Unsmiling faces : how preschools can heal
Children's homes : a study in diversity
Evidence-based interventions for students with learning and behavioral challenges
The welfare of children with mentally ill parents : learning from inter-country comparisons
Family troubles? : exploring changes and challenges in the family lives of children and young people
The explosive child : a new approach for understanding and parenting easily frustrated, chrinically inflexible children
Temperament and behavior disorders in children
Functional assessment and program development for problem behavior : a practical handbook
Treating problem children : issues, methods and practice
Teaching young children in violent times : building a peaceable classroom
Know your mind : everyday emotional and psychological problems and how to overcome them
Secondary school teaching and educational psychology
The difficult child : how to understand and cope with your temperamental 2-6 year old
Working with groups
Divas & door slammers : the seecrets to having a better behaved teenager
A practical guide to solving preschool behavior problems
Teaching tough kids : simple and proven strategies for student success
The recent exponential rise in the number of behaviour disorders has been the focus of a wide range of commentaries, ranging from the pedagogic and the administrative, to the sociological, and even the legal. This book will be the first to apply, in a systematic and thorough manner, the ideas of the foundational discipline of philosophy. A number of philosophical tools are applied here, tools arising through the medium of the traditional philosophical debates, such as those concerning governance, truth, logic, ethics, free-will, law and language. Each forms a separate chapter, but together they constitute a comprehensive, rigorous and original insight into what is now an important set of concerns for all those interested in the governance of children. The intention is threefold: first, to demonstrate the utility, accessibility and effectiveness of philosophical ideas within this important academic area. Philosophy does not have to be regarded an arcane and esoteric discipline, with only limited contemporary application, far from it. Second, the book offers a new set of approaches and ideas for both researchers and practitioners within education, a field is in danger of continually using the same ideas, to endlessly repeat the same conclusions. Third, the book offers a viable alternative to the dominant psychological model which increasingly employs pathology as its central rationale for conduct.
A study on behavioural problems of students at Alamata Secondary School, Tigray
The quiet child
Children excluded from primary school : debates, evidence, responses
This book challenges the concept of wellbeing as applied to children, particularly in a school-based context. Taking a post-structural approach, it suggests that wellbeing should be understood, and experiences revealed, at the level of the subjective child. This runs counter to contemporary accounts that reduce children's wellbeing to objective lists of things that are needed in order to live well. This book will be useful for academics and practitioners working directly with children, and anyone interested in children's wellbeing.
Behaviour management with young children : crucial first steps with children 3-7 years
Problems of preschool children
Teaching children who are hard to reach : relationship-driven classroom practice
Children and adolescents with emotional and behavioral disorders
Disorganized children : a guide for parents and professionals
Least among saints
Abnormal child psychology
The difficult child
Perspectives in behavior modification with deviant children
A new regime of governing childhood? : Finland as an example
"In this groundbreaking book, Eric Toshalis explores student resistance through a variety of perspectives, arguing that oppositional behaviors can be not only instructive but productive. All too often treated as a matter of compliance, student resistance can also be understood as a form of engagement, as young people confront and negotiate new identities in the classroom environment. The focus of teachers' efforts, Toshalis says, should not be about "managing" adolescents but about learning how to read their behavior and respond to it in developmentally productive, culturally responsive, and democratically enriching ways. Noting that the research literature is scattered across fields, Toshalis draws on four domains of inquiry: theoretical, psychological, political, and pedagogical. The result is a resource that can help teachers address this pervasive classroom challenge in ways that enhance student agency, motivation, engagement, and academic achievement ... Toshalis blends accessible explanations of theory and research with vignettes of interactions among educators and students. In Make Me!, Toshalis helps teachers perceive possibility, rather than pathology, in student resistance." --
Children and families at risk : new issues in integrating services
Predisposing factors and consequences of adolescent ADHD and DBD : a longitudinal study in the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1986
The teacher's attention : why our kids must and can get smaller schools and classes
Helping families with troubled children : a preventive approach
Mental disorder and crime in a metropolitan cohort
Functional assessment : strategies to prevent and remediate challenging behavior in school settings
Damaged : the heartbreaking true story of a forgotten child
Challenges facing AIDS orphans in Nairobi Kibera slums : descriptive study
The handbook of family-school intervention : a systems perspective
The harmful effects of parental substance abuse on children
School-based interventions for students with behavior problems
Special kids for special treatment ? : or how special do you need to be to find yourself in a special school ?
Using NLP to enhance behaviour and learning : a handbook for teachers
Toxic parents : overcoming their hurtful legacy and reclaiming your life
Educating exceptional children
The problem child
Responding to problem behavior in schools : the behavior education program
Positive behavioral support in the classroom : principles and practices
The girl by the river
Narcissism and Machiavellianism in youth : implications for the development of adaptive and maladaptive behavior
Filicide, intra-familial child homicides in Finland 1970-1994
A waste of good paper
Therapies for school behavior problems : a handbook of practical interventions
Behavior problems in school : a source book of readings
Children in secure accommodation : a gendered exploration of locked institutional care for children in trouble
By exploring existing material on the human trafficking phenomenon, this article aims to build a rationale for future research and development on human trafficking issues. The scope of this study is placed within the context of public health and highlights child trafficking. The qualitative data analysis software ATLAS.ti 6.2 is utilized to sketch a conceptual network of human trafficking issues. A coding scheme was planned and administered where specific terms were chosen for analysis. The aim of this study is to explore the phenomenon of exploitation and human trafficking and learn the ways in which it is addressed in the context of public health. Examples of existing action against human trafficking are discussed especially in the light of child trafficking. Global partnerships will also be discussed in terms of how they fit within the UN Millennium Goal of 2015. Considerations for future action for both local Finnish society as well as South Asian society will be addressed. The preliminary findings presented suggest that the human trafficking phenomenon is multi-faceted and should be understood as a 'glocal', intertwined public health issue..
Studies of troublesome children
Toxic childhood : how the modern world is damaging our children and what we can do about it
Understanding and managing emotional and behaviorial disorders in the classroom
Methods in social and educational caring
New families, old scripts : a guide to the language of trauma and attachment in adoptive families
