http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10531 profession of faith (activity)
profession of faith (activity)
From recognition to reception : the Apostolic faith and the unity of the church in the World Council of Churches
Creeds & confessions of faith in the Christian tradition. Vol. 3, Statements of faith in modern Christianity
Recognition, needs and wrongness : two approaches
Unsettling accounts : neither truth nor reconciliation in confessions of state violence
Philip Melanchthon's influence on the English theological thought during the early English reformation
The silent ones
Recognition and religion : a historical and systematic study
Creeds & confessions of faith in the Christian tradition. Original language texts
Habermas, Honneth and education : the significance of Jürgen Habermas's and Axel Honneth's critical theories to education
The son
Faith and Creeds
Andrew's brain
The Apostles' Creed : a faith to live by
Sources and contexts of the Book of Concord
Studies in Lutheran confessions
Michael Walzer on recognition as a dominated good
The tension among the survivors of the bus accident reaches its threshold as the one-week deadline finally arrives. The three killers may have confessed, but does this mean that all their sins are accounted for? What truly constitutes a crime? Or to what extent is an action criminal? And when the gavel falls on their sentences, perhaps all might not be as it seems.
A time for confessing
Augsburg and Constantinople : the correspondence between the Tübingen theologians and Patriarch Jeremiah II of Constantinople on the Augsburg Confession
My secret : a postsecret book
The principles of theology : an introduction to the thirty-nine articles
The Westminster Confession into the 21st century : essays in rememberance of the 350th anniversary of the Westminster Assembly, v. 3
True story : murder, memoir, mea culpa
The Apostles' Creed : the Apostles' Creed and its early Christian context
European area of recognition manual : practical guidelines for fair recognition of qualifications
Case of the Missing Moonstone
Analyzing recognition : identification, acknowledgement and recognitive attitudes towards persons
Ricoeur's surprising take on recognition
Roman Polanski : wanted and desired
The confessing society : Foucault, confession and practices of lifelong learning
Creeds of the churches : a reader in Christian doctrine from the Bible to the present
"One teacher" : doctrinal authority in the church
Confessio Augustana 1530-1980 : Commemoration and self-examination
Secret. 2
Introduction to Christianity
Struggling for recognition : the psychological impetus for democratic progress
Confessions of faith in early modern England
Recognition and social ontology
Recognition in international relations : rethinking a political concept in a global context
Historical commentary on the Augsburg confession
The role of confession in late twentieth-century British art
Eliciting admissions from suspects in criminal investigations
Sex and the new medieval literature of confession, 1150-1300
Truth to tell : essays
Apostolic faith today : a handbook for study
The ethics of plea bargaining
The doctrine of faith : a study of the Augsburg Confession and contemporary ecumenical documents
Get the truth : former CIA officers teach you how to persuade anyone to tell all
A catalogue of works pertaining to the explanation of the creed in Carolingian manuscripts
The Augsburg confession : a commentary
During the last twenty years, the theory of recognition has become an established field of philosophy and social studies. Variants of this theory often promise applications to the burning political issues of current society, such as the challenges of multiculturalism, group identity, and conflicts between ideologies and religions. The seminal works of this trend employ Hegelian ideas to tackle the problem of modernity. Although some recent studies also investigate the pre-Hegelian roots of recognition, this concept is normally considered to be a product of the secular modernity of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries. Recognition and Religion: A Historical and Systematic Study challenges this assumption and claims that important intellectual roots of the concept and conceptions of recognition are found in much earlier religious sources. Risto Saarinen outlines the first intellectual history of religious recognition, stretching from the New Testament to present day. He connects the history of religion with philosophical approaches, arguing that philosophers owe a considerable historical and conceptual debt to the religious processes of recognition. At the same time, religious recognition has a distinctive profile that differs from philosophy in some important respects. Saarinen undertakes a systematic elaboration of the insights provided by the tradition of religious recognition. He proposes that theology and philosophy can make creative use of the long history of religious recognition.
Liberal multiculturalism group membership and distribution of cultural policies
The Arminian confession of 1621
A theological introduction to the thirty-nine articles of the church of England
Related lives : confessors and their female penitents, 1450-1750
Confessions
Creeds & confessions of faith in the Christian tradition. Volume 3, Part five: Statements of faith in modern Christianity
Creeds & confessions of faith in the Christian tradition. Volume 2, Part four: Creeds and confessions of the Reformation era
Recognition of foreign qualifications in Finland
The meaning of night : a confession
The confession
Churches in communion
The Good of Recognition analyses the polysemy of recognition operative in the thought of two contemporary French thinkers, Emmanuel Levinas (1906-1995) and Paul Ricoeur (1913-2005). Author Michael Sohn shows that recognition -- a concept most often associated with Hegel's works -- appears prominently throughout the works of Levinas and Ricoeur, which exist at the intersection of phenomenology, ethics, politics, and religion. Sohn situates recognition in the sociopolitical context of Levinas and Ricoeur and excavates the philosophical and religious sources that undergird the two thinkers' use of recognition before contextualizing recognition within the broader themes of their thought. By reflecting on phenomenology, ethics, and religion in "The Good of Recognition", Sohn not only shows how Levinas and Ricoeur articulated a response to the pervasive problems of nonrecognition and misrecognition in their day but also suggests how their thought can contribute to a better understanding of our contemporary social and political landscape. -- Review: "In this new and exciting book, Michael Sohn offers a fresh perspective on the concept of recognition by interfacing the ethical project of Emmanuel Levinas with the work of Paul Ricoeur. By interfacing these two figures in particular, Sohn also helps us see the similarities and differences in thinking through Christian and Jewish ethics, an important relation for both thinkers but certainly for readers of Emmanuel Levinas. His book is a significant contribution to the secondary literature not only on Levinas and Ricoeur, but also to those working thematically on recognition--including Hegel scholars, scholars working on psychoanalysis, and feminist theorist." -- Claire Katz, Professor of Philosophy & Women's & Gender Studies, Texas A&M University "Michael Sohn makes a significant contribution to the contemporary debates in philosophy of religion and political philosophy while pushing them in important new directions, impressively offering an account of recognition that is both theologically sophisticated and also historically aware. This book demonstrates that sophisticated work in continental philosophy can still be clear, lucid, and convincing." -- J Aaron Simmons, Assistant Professor of Philosphy, Furman University
The Apostles' Creed : origin, history, and some early commentaries
Confessions in social media : performative, constrained, authentic and participatory self-represenstations in vlogs
Foucault and a politics of confession in education
Studies in the Lutheran confessions
Research methods for memory studies
Ainu minzoku no fukken : senju minzoku to kizuku arata na shakai = Restoration of the Ainu as an indigenous people: building a japanese society in solidarity with the Ainu
Lutheran/Roman Catholic discussion on the Augsburg Confession : Documents 1977-1981
The Shema in the New Testament : Deut 6:4-5 in significant passages
The philosophy of recognition : historical and contemporary perspectives
Possibilities of trust and recognition between refugees and authorities : resettlement as a part of durable solutions of forced migration
Redistribution or recognition? : a political-philosophical exchange
The sexual politics of time : confession, nostalgia, memory
The doctrine of the Russian Church, being the primer or spelling book, the shorter or longer Catechisms, and a treatise [by G. Kononskij] on the duty of parish priests, tr. by R. W. Blackmore
The Book of Concord : the confessions of the Evangelical Lutheran Church
On being Lutheran : reflections on church, theology, and faith
Critical reflections on social justice and recognition
Indoctrination, communicative teaching and recognition : studies in critical theory and democracy in education
Creeds & confessions of faith in the Christian tradition. Volume 1, Part one: Rules of Faith in the Early Church ; Part two: Eastern Orthodox affirmations of faith ; Part three: Medieval Western statements of faith
Credo : meditations on the Apostle's Creed
When red is black
Lutheran identity : a classical understanding
The Lutheran confessions : history and theology of The book of Concord
Psychology of interrogations, confessions and testimony
"In liberal, democratic and capitalist societies today, we are increasingly invited to disclose our innermost thoughts to others. We are asked to turn our gaze inwards, scrutinizing ourselves, our behaviours and beliefs, while talking and writing about ourselves in these terms. This form of disclosure of the self resonates with older forms of church confession, and is now widely seen in practices of education in new ways in nurseries, schools, colleges, universities, workplaces and the wider policy arena. This book brings together international scholars and researchers inspired by the work of Michel Foucault, to explore in detail what happens when these practices of confession become part of our lives and ways of being in education. The authors argue that they are not neutral, but political and powerful in their effects in shaping and governing people; they examine confession as discursive and contemporary practice so as to provoke critical thought.International in scope and pioneering in the detail of its scrutiny of such practices, this book extends contemporary understanding of the exercise of power and politics of confessional practices in education and learning, and offers an alternative way of thinking of them. The book will be of value to educational practitioners, scholars, researchers and students, interested in the politics of their own practices"-- "In liberal, democratic and capitalist societies today, we are increasingly invited to disclose our innermost thoughts to others. We are asked to turn our gaze inwards, scrutinizing ourselves, our behaviours and beliefs, while talking and writing about ourselves in these terms. This form of disclosure of the self resonates with older forms of church confession, and is now widely seen in practices of education in new ways in nurseries, schools, colleges, universities, workplaces and the wider policy arena".
Wrong-doing, truth-telling : the function of avowal in justice
Creeds & confessions of faith in the Christian tradition. [Volume 4], Credo : historical and theological guide to creeds and confessions of faith in the Christian tradition
Early Christian creeds
The modern law of evidence
The principle of mutual recognition in EU law
This volume collects original, cutting-edge essays on the philosophy of recognition by international scholars eminent in the field. By considering the topic of recognition as addressed by both classical and contemporary authors, the volume explores the connections between historical and contemporary recognition research and makes substantive contributions to the further development of contemporary theories of recognition.
"Lifelong learning has become an increasingly important theme in contemporary society through which each citizen is encouraged to become a constant learner. Such narratives are often seen as positive and all-inclusive. In this book, practices of lifelong learning will be considered as practices of confession. Today, people are constantly encouraged to verbalize themselves to others, whether on TV shows, in newspapers, in family life or together with friends. In The Confessing Society, the authors argue that society has become a confessing society by illustrating how confession operates in the practices of family involvement in school, in-service training, educational guidance, through coaching in the media, etc. Together, such practices shape and govern an active and responsible citizen. The authors, drawing on Foucault's later work on confession and governmentality, carefully analyse how confession operates within practices of lifelong learning as a way to shape activated and responsible citizens. Chapters include: - Reflection and Reflective Practices - Deliberation and Therapeutic Intervention - Lifelong Guidance - Medialised Parenting. This book is international in its scope and the argument pursued is related to current debates regarding trans-national policy and to research discussions on education, lifelong learning and governance, and it will provoke lively debate amongst educational practitioners, academics, postgraduate and research students in education and lifelong learning in Europe, North America and Australasia"--Provided by publisher.
Secret. 3, Final
The secret lives of men and women : a postsecret book
The good of recognition : phenomenology, ethics, and religion in the thought of Levinas and Ricoeur
The language of confession, interrogation, and deception
Confessing Christ in the twenty-first century
Evidence, crime and the legal profession : the emergence of free evaluation of evidence in the Finnish nineteenth-century criminal procedure
PostSecret : extraordinary confessions from ordinary lives
"Getting someone to tell the truth is an essential skill that very few people possess. In the boardroom, classroom, or our own homes, every day we interact with others and try to get the truth from them. People are often untruthful out of fear of negative consequences associated with divulging information. But if a person is made to forget the long-term outcomes, he or she can be influenced to disclose sensitive information that's being withheld. The aim is to encourage the person to remain in short-term thinking mode, shifting focus away from the long-term ramifications of telling the truth. As former CIA agents and bestselling authors of Spy the Lie, Philip Houston, Mike Floyd, and Susan Carnicero are among the world's best at recognizing deceptive behavior and eliciting the truth from even the most accomplished liars. Get the Truth is a step-by-step guide that empowers readers to elicit the truth from others. It also chronicles the fascinating story of how the authors used a methodology Houston developed to elicit the truth in the counterterrorism and criminal investigation realms, and how these techniques can be applied to our daily lives. Using thrilling anecdotes from their careers in counterintelligence, and with easy-to-follow instructions, the authors provide a foolproof means of getting absolutely anybody to give an honest answer. Get the Truth is the easy and effective way to learn how to get the truth every time"--
Historical introductions to the symbolical books of the Evangelical Lutheran Church
The new confession standards : Miranda v. Arizona : a legal perspective, a practical perspective
Andrew's brain : a novel
Troubling confessions : speaking guilt in law and literature
Catechism of the Catholic Church
The catalogue identifies works used to explain the creed in Carolingian collection volumes compiled for the instruction of the clergy. It includes both edited and unedited works and some recently edited in a companion volume to this one, 'Symbola, expositiones et explanationes fidei aeui Carolini' (CC CM, 254). The catalogue shows that the teaching of the creedal faith was assembled from snippets of, or whole, patristic works, homilies, personal professions of faith, and works of many other genres. In the past, we have had little concept of the range of works known to those responsible for teaching the faith at the parish and missionary level of the Carolingian world. In this catalogue crucial attention is paid to the contents of the manuscripts as a whole in which the creed explanation is found and how these collection volumes may have functioned. It is hoped that the manuscript descriptions will be of benefit to students and specialists working on other kinds of texts for the education of the clergy.
