http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10576 credit granting
credit granting credit extension
Mid-term review of implementation of the World Bank's Forests Strategy
Fool's gold : how unrestrained greed corrupted a dream, shattered global markets and unleashed a catastrophe
Microcredit and international development : contexts, achievements and challenges
The mystery of banking
Tightening regulation has only a limited impact on loan margins
Operating a cash management and credit control system. Unit 15.
The foreseeable tightening of bank capital requirements will only marginally add to bank costs and, by extension, to loan margins. The other side of the coin is that the most important tool at the disposal of the Financial Supervisory Authority for preventing threats to stability from excessive credit growth - the countercyclical capital buffer requirement - may turn out to be a more ineffective macroprudential instrument than hoped for. Regulation of minimum risk weights for housing loans is likely to be a more effective tool for reining in excessive growth in lending for house purchase..
The financial difficulties of small and medium-sized enterprises in the euro area are gradually easing. Finance surveys indicate that access to finance has continued to be unconstrained in Finland, but the terms and conditions of loans are tightening. Collateral requirements are increasing, as is the use of various loan covenants in corporate finance..
Centralized Debtor Database for Instant Loan Creditors - New Service Concept
Banks' share in corporate finance has increased in Finland
Modeling work on Estonian data indicates that external financing of the private sector has strong impact on domestic demand, which implies that valuable insights may be gained in this case from understanding the behavioral relationships in the monetary sector. The current paper provides a theoretical analysis of the monetary sector under a currency board regime and applies specification tests to Estonian data.As a final product, empirical equations for average lending rate, loans provided to the private sector and money demand are estimated.While estimations herein use monthly data, quarterly modifications of the model will be inserted into Eesti Pank's quarterly macromodel in the future. Key words: currency board, economic modelling, bank lending, capital flows, Estonia .
Women at the center : Grameen Bank borrowers after one decade
Financial markets and  institutions
The moral economy : poverty, credit, and trust in early modern Europe
Lending to households and non-financial corporations has been sluggish and credit standards have continued to be tight in many euro area countries. In June 2014, the Governing Council of the ECB decided to support bank lending to the corporate sector by pledging to commence a series of targeted longer-term refinancing operations. Although the significance of the banking sector in the transmission of monetary policy to the real economy is considerable, the factors behind changes in banks' credit standards in the euro area have not been empirically analysed. With the help of the ECB's Bank Lending Survey, a survey of bank lending and credit demand in the euro area, this article examines to what extent the changes in the terms of credit for corporate loans are due to supply and demand factors, how the size of a company applying for credit affects the terms applied and how the situation in stressed countries differs from that in other euro area countries..
Asymmetric information in financial markets : introduction and applications
What Works for the Poorest? : poverty reduction programmes for the world's extreme poor
Rural women in Bangladesh : the legal status of women and the relationship between NGOs and religious groups
Foreign banks and credit growth in Eastern and Central Europe
Decision-making in corporate lending : the use of information in bank loan context
Finland's neighbouring countries have actively adopted macroprudential instruments to counter stability risks relating to lending for house purchase. Sweden and Norway are taking strong measures to restrain housing credit growth and the associated risks. Of the Baltic States, Estonia and Lithuania, in turn, have imposed limits on the maximum loan servicing costs and length of housing loans so as to prevent risks proactively. Finland has adopted new macroprudential instruments more slowly. The loan-to-value cap that will enter into force in Finland in summer 2016 is more lenient than the requirements imposed in neighbouring countries..
An empirical study of interest rate differences and price discrimination in the Finnish business loan market
Credit and village society in fourteenth-century England
Financial market bubbles and crashes
Bankrupts and usurers of imperial Russia : debt, property, and the law in the age of Dostoevsky and Tolstoy
The Federal reserve act : its origin and problems
Interest rates and loan portfolio performance in commercial banks: a case study of Centenary Bank Entebbe Road Branch Uganda
Payday lending : global growth of the high-cost credit market
Effects of moral hazard and monitoring on monetary policy transmission
Corporate governance
Deposit markets, lending markets and bank screening incentives
"Bankrupts and Usurers of Imperial Russia explores the culture of money and credit in imperial Russia through the eyes of ordinary individuals. Moving beyond the stereotypes of wasteful nobles, backward merchants, and ruthless moneylenders, this study recreates the daily tangle of motivations, practices, and disputes that preceded and underpinned Russia's "great reforms" of the mid-nineteenth century. Sergei Antonov uses close readings of previously unexamined legal cases to argue that Russian courts, despite their many shortcomings, provided a reasonably efficient forum for defining, promoting, and protecting private property interests. At the same time, debt cases reveal beliefs and attitudes shared by members of various classes and legal estates into which Russia's population was officially divided, and indicate the existence of a single, although amorphous, propertied class previously assumed to be absent in pre-revolutionary Russia"--
The price of a dream : the story of the Grameen Bank
Debt : the first 5,000 years
The monetary sector under a currency board arrangement / Specification and estimation of a model with Estonian  data
Essays on debt financing, firm performance, and banking in emerging markets
Banking and capital markets
Essays on microcredit in rural Bangladesh
Law relating to financial services
The economics of microfinance
How should the countercyclical capital buffer requirement be applied?
Credit risk management and bad debt controlling : case: ANZ Vietnam
Cross country capital structure variation - creditor rights and liquidation values
Why are euro area banks' credit standards still tight?
Outstanding credit
Microfinance in fisheries and aquaculture : guidelines and case studies
Counterparty risk management in Nordea
Eight development credits for Zimbabwe in 1980-1991
Banks' option to lend, interest rate sensitivity, and credit availability
The subprime virus : reckless credit, regulatory failure, and next steps
"In an engaging style based on extensive research, Paper Money Collapse shows conclusively why paper money systems - monetary systems that are based on an elastic and constantly expanding supply of money (such as our system today) as opposed to a system of commodity money of essentially fixed supply - are inherently unstable and why they must lead to economic disintegration. All paper money systems in history ended in failure. The book shows why this must be the case and why it will also be the fate of the present system. The conclusions are controversial as they go against the present consensus, which holds that elastic state money is superior to inflexible commodity money (such as a gold standard), and that expanding money is harmless or even beneficial for as long as inflation stays low. The book shows that the present crisis is the unavoidable result of continuously expanding fiat money, that the current policy of accelerated money production to 'stimulate' the economy is counterproductive and that, if pursued further, it will lead to a complete collapse of the monetary system.Paper money systems are confidence games. When the public realizes that the printing press is increasingly used to keep states and banks solvent, this confidence will evaporate quickly. The endgame will then be sovereign default, hyperinflation and economic chaos"--Provided by publisher.
The countercyclical capital buffer requirement is one of the new macroprudential instruments that will come into use in Finland. It enables the strengthening of the banking sector's resilience to systemic risks resulting from excessive credit growth. In setting the requirement, strong emphasis should be placed on a small range of indicators to be selected, defined and published in advance. In contrast, reducing or releasing the buffer should primarily be based on judgment by the relevant authorities..
Who receives bank loans? : a study of lending officers' assessments of loans to growing small and medium-sized enterprises
The new paradigm for financial markets : the credit crisis of 2008 and what it means
Exploring the role of credit is vital to understanding any economy. In the past two decades historians of many European regions have become increasingly aware that medieval credit, far from being the preserve of merchants, bankers, or monarchs, was actually of basic importance to the ordinary villagers who made up most of the population. This is the first study devoted to credit in rural England in the middle ages. Focusing in particular on seven well-documented villages, it examines in detail some of the many thousands of village credit transactions of this period, identifies the people who performed them, and explores the social relationships brought about by involvement in credit. The evidence comes primarily from inter-peasant debt litigation recorded in the proceedings of manor courts, which were the private legal jurisdictions of landlords. A comparative study which discusses the English evidence alongside findings from other parts of medieval and early modern Europe, it argues that the prevailing view of medieval English credit as a marker of poverty and crisis is inadequate.In fact, the credit networks of the English countryside were surprisingly resilient in the face of the fourteenth-century crises associated with plague, famine, and economic depression. This volume will be essential reading for specialists on medieval Britain and will also engage a more general readership interested in conditions and structures in pre-industrial and developing societies.
Paper money collapse : the folly of elastic money and the coming monetary breakdown
The lending and performance determinants of very small start-ups : insight into the lenders' evaluation
Conceptualising home : theories, laws and policies
Banker to the poor : micro-lending and the battle against world poverty
Debtors and creditors in America : insolvency, imprisonment for debt, and bankruptcy, 1607-1900
Finland's neighbours rein in lending for house purchase
Banking fragility and distress : an econometric study of macroeconomic determinants
Country risk : a theoretical framework of analysis
Bank lending and credit creation around the financial crisis : empirical evidence in Eurozone banks during 2006-2012
