http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10557 Rorschach test
Rorschach test
Rorschach assessment of the personality disorders
The Finnish Rorschach Association for the Comprehensive System ry. 10 vuotta
The Rorschach : a comprehensive system. Vol. 1, Basic foundations and principles of interpretation
A Rorschach workbook
Developments in the Rorschach technique. Volume II : Fields of application / Bruno Klopfer with contributions by Mary D. Ainsworth ... [et al.]
Developments in the Rorschach technique. Vol. 2, Fields of application
A primer for Rorschach interpretation
Coding strategies for the Rorschach comprehensive system
Developments in the Rorschach technique. 3, Aspects of personality structure
Assessing psychotic and nonpsychotic depression with the Comprehensive System for the Rorschach
The Finnish Rorschach Association for the Comprehensive System ry 10 vuotta
Child Rorschach responses : developmental trends from two to ten years
The Rorschach technique : an introductory manual
Expertise in using the Rorschach Comprehensive System in personality assessment
Association between the Rorschach Ego Impairment Index (EII-2) and the Level of Personality Organization (LPO) interview assessment in outpatients seeking psychotherapy for depressive and anxiety disorders
What's wrong with the Rorschach? : science confronts the controversial inkblot test
Elements of Rorschach interpretation : with an extended bibliography
The Rorschach : a comprehensive system. Volume 1, Basic foundations
Rorschach science : readings in theory & method
Rorschachiana : yearbook of the international rorschach society. 25
Parental Communication Deviance as a risk factor for thought disorders and schizophrenia spectrum disorders in offspring : the Finnish Adoptive Family Study
Adolescent Rorschach responses : developmental trends from ten to sixteen years
Psychosomatic medicine and the Rorschach test
Principles and practice of the Rorschach personality test
A Rorschach introduction : content and perceptual approaches
Rorschach's test. 1, Basic processes
The modal personality structure of the Tuscarora Indians : as revealed by the Rorschach test
Rorschachiana : yearbook of the international rorschach society. 24
Experiential foundations of Rorschach's test
The Rorschach technique : a manual for a projective method of personality diagnosis
Personality assessment
Parental Communication Deviance as a risk factor for thought disorders and schizophrenia spectrum disorders in offspring:The Finnish Adoptive Family Study
Rorschach's test. II : A variety of personality pictures / foreword by Roy R. Grinker
Rorschach's test. I : Basic processes / foreword by Willard L. Valentine
Personality characteristics and functional capacity in depression and anxiety disorders
Rorschach, WAIS and three psychomotor tests as a test battery : a methodological and normative study with a large Finnish sample
Stability and change in the Rorschach method
Finnish Rorschach responses in cross-cultural context : a normative study
Rorschach coding solutions : a reference guide for the comprehensive system
Rorschach form quality pocket guide
Rorschach test : theory and practice
Rorschach, WAIS and three psychomotor tests as a test battery. Volume 2, Tables, matrices and other normative data
Developments in the Rorschach technique. 2, Fields of application
The Rorschach : a comprehensive system. Vol. 2
Developments in the Rorschach technique. Volume I : Technique and theory / Bruno Klopfer ... [et al.]
