http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10589 formalism (styles)
formalism (styles)
Breaking the glass armor : neoformalist film analysis
Romanticism, literature and philosophy : expressive rationality in Rousseau, Kant, Wollstonecraft and contemporary theory
From within out : the story of Alfred Stieglitz, Lewis Mumford, and modern organicism
Modernism's masculine subjects : Matisse, the New York School, and post-painterly abstraction
The growth of mathematical knowledge
The forms of the affects
Du Henry Parlando miestai ; The two cities of Henry Parland
Olʹga Freidenberg's works and days
The formal method in literary scholarship : a critical introduction to sociological poetics
Painting gender, constructing theory : the Alfred Stieglitz Circle and American formalist aesthetics
Russian formalism : history - doctrine
20th century theories of art / edited by James M. Thomson
In and out of synch : the awakening of a cine-dreamer
Formalism: history, comparison, genre
Rosalind Krauss and American philosophical art criticism : from formalism to beyond postmodernism / David Carrier
Bowstring : on the dissimilarity of the similar
Law and truth
Expressivity and complexity of the grammatical framework
Language form and language function
Towards a theory of political art : cultural politics of 'Black Wave' film in Yugoslavia, 1963-1972
Formalist criticism and reader-response theory
Russian formalist theory and its poetic ambiance
Beyond formalism : literary essays 1958-1970
Aesthetics and nature
The prison-house of language : a critical account of structuralism and Russian formalism
A thematic reading of Ursula K. Le Guin's novel The dispossessed: an ambiguous utopia
Literature and revolution
Why a 'Handshake' wasn't enough : a methodological experiment on the anthropological study of law
Literary structure, evolution, and value : Russian formalism and Czech structuralism reconsidered
A second course in formal languages and automata theory
The major film theories : an introduction
A companion to the philosophy of literature
The returns of history : Russian Nietzscheans after modernity
From Prague to Paris : a critique of structuralist and post-structuralist thought
The Bakhtin reader : selected writings of Bakhtin, Medvedev and Voloshinov
Forms : Whole, Rhythm, Hierarchy, Network
Contemporary political thought : a critical study
On the foundations of geometry and formal theories of arithmetic
Art theory and criticism : an anthology of formalist, avant-garde, contextualist and post-modernist thought / edited by Sally Everett
Russian formalism and Anglo-American new criticism : a comparative study
Vladimir Nabokov : Bergsonian and Russian formalist influences in his novels
The return of the reader : reader-response criticism
Russian modernism : culture and the avant-garde, 1900-1930
Categorial grammar : logical syntax, semantics, and processing
Juri Tynjanov and Cleanth Brooks : a comparative study in Russian formalism and Anglo-American new criticism
Marxist literary theory : a reader
The idea of spatial form
Why is that art? : aesthetics and criticism of contemporary art
Formalism in ethics and non-formal ethics of values : a new attempt toward the foundation of an ethical personalism
Formalism and the Freudian aesthetics : the example of Charles Mauron
Forms of representation in Alois Riegl's theory of art
Formalism and the Freudian aesthetic : the example of Charles Mauron
Films and dreams : Tarkovsky, Bergman, Sokurov, Kubrick, and Wong Kar-wai
Aesthetics and the environment : the appreciation of nature, art and architecture
Russian formalism : history, doctrine
A formalist theatre : Michael Kirby
Introduction to a philosophy of music
Renaissance literature and its formal engagements
Literary interest : the limits of anti-formalism
Why do we value music? Many people report that listening to music is one of life's most rewarding activities. In Critique of pure music, James O. Young seeks to explain why this is so. Formalists tell us that music is appreciated as pure, contentless form. On this view, listeners receive pleasure, or a pleasurable 'musical' emotion, when they explore the abstract patterns found in music. Music, formalists believe, does not arouse ordinary emotions such as joy, melancholy or fear, nor can it represent emotion or provide psychological insight. Young holds that formalists are wrong on all counts. Drawing upon the latest psychological research, he argues that music is expressive of emotion by resembling human expressive behaviour. By resembling human expressive behaviour, music is able to arouse ordinary emotions in listeners. This, in turn, makes possible the representation of emotion by music. The representation of emotion in music gives music the capacity to provide psychological insight-into the emotional lives of composers, and the emotional lives of individuals from a variety of times and places. And it is this capacity of music to provide psychological insight which explains a good deal of the value of music, both vocal and purely instrumental. Without it, music could not be experienced as profound. Philosophers, psychologists, musicians, musicologists, and music lovers will all find something of interest in this book.
Territorial ambitions and the gardens of Versailles
Richard Artschwager, Cady Noland, Hiroshi Sugimoto
Functionalism and formalism in linguistics. Vol. 1, General papers
Formalized music : thought and mathematics in composition
Functionalism and formalism in linguistics. Vol. 2, Case studies
Vasily Sesemann : experience, formalism, and the question of being
Critique of pure music
Reconstruction in literary studies : an informalist approach
Social formalism : the novel in theory from Henry James to the present
Alfred Tarski : philosophy of language and logic
Summary.
Jurij Tynjanov : Method and theory
This book provides state-of-the-art introduction to categorical grammar, a type of formal grammar which analyses expressions as functions or according to a function-argument relationship. The book's focus is on linguistic, computational, and psycholinguistic aspects of logical categorical grammar, i.e. enriched Lambek Calculus. Glyn Morrill opens with the history and notation of Lambek Calculus and its application to syntax, semantics, and processing. Successive chapters extend the grammar to a number of significant syntactic and semantic properties of natural language. The final part applies Morrill's account to several current issues in processing and parsing, considered from both a psychological and a computational perspective. The book offers a rigorous and thoughtful study of one of the main lines of research in the formal and mathematical theory of grammar, and will be suitable for students of linguistics and cognitive science from advanced undergraduate level upwards. --Book Jacket.
Formal philosophy
Close reading : the reader
Russian formalism : a metapoetics
Photography : a facet of modernism : photographs from the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art
Defamiliarization in language and literature
Theories of meaning in cinema : earlier theories vs. Peirce's semiotic
Formalism and marxism
Formalist theory
Art history : the basics
Text production
Wittgenstein and the conditions of musical communication
The uncertain science : criticism of sociological formalism
The futurists, the formalists, and the Marxist critique
Readings in Russian poetics : formalist and structuralist views
Modern literary theory : a reader
Structuralism & semiotics
Fictional worlds
Russian formalist criticism : four essays
Fiction through metaphor : a case study of The God of small things
Painting and understanding abstract art : an approach to contemporary methods
Global literary theory : an anthology
Shakespeare and historical formalism
A reader's guide to contemporary literary theory
Russian formalism and Anglo-American new criticism : A comparative study
Modern literary theory : a comparative introduction
Practising theory and reading literature : an introduction
Studies of grammars, formalisms, and parsing : a report from the project Grammar models for natural language processing
Reading for form
