http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1053 aeroplanes
aeroplanes
Modern Attack Aircraft
Abstract.
COMBAT AIRCRAFT
Flight : the complete history of aviation
How to draw warplanes
Heroes fly high! : Six of the best Commando RAF comic books ever!
Aviation classics : e-lehti
101 amazing facts about planes
Usborne flip flap airport
Air [Vol. 1] : Letters from lost countries
Motor test bench designing for the Rotax 912 ULS motor
The modern civil aircraft guide
The fantastic voyage of lady Rozenbilt
THE CONCISE GUIDE TO COMMERCIAL AIRCRAFT OF THE WORLD
Berlin : The seven dwarves
What plane is that?
Jets : airliners of the golden age
Amazing aeroplanes
The Wright brothers
The air pilot's manual. Vol. 4 : The aeroplane - technical : covering aircraft (general) and aircraft (type) for the PLL(A)
Aviation security management / Volume 3. perspectives on aviation security management
High rollers
Amazing flying machines
The Concorde Story
Red Baron 2. Rain of blood
Until thy wrath be past
Professor Satō's three formulae. Part 2, Mortimer versus Mortimer
Bâu troi dâu cua riêng ai = Nobody owns the sky
Flygplansritningar 4 : Svenska Flygvapnets Spaningsflygplan 1926-1986 = Swedish Air Force Reconnaissance Aircraft 1926-1986
Planes, rockets and other flying machines
The illustrated directory of modern commercila aircraft
Jane's encyclopedia of aviation  3 : aircraft a-z. 3
Red Baron 3. Dungeons and dragons
Airlines : the flagships of the jet age
Lets talk about vehicles
Strategic Development and Sustainability of Airline Industry : case study: Air Malawi
Airplane servicing manual
Aircraft interior comfort and design
The anatomy of the aeroplane
Concorde : the rise and fall of the supersonic airliner
Message for eternity
Jet liners : wings across the world
Mayday! : a history of flight through its martyrs, oddballs, and daredevils
Developing of aircraft de-icing operations at helsinki airport
Russian Airliners
Suomen ilmailumuseon lentokoneet = The Finnish Aviation Museum's aircraft = Samolety muzeja aviacii Finljandii
Novel materials for future aircrafts
Jane's encyclopedia of aviation : Aircraft A-Z. 2, Ap-Cu (Apollo - Cunningham-Hall)
The race
Automatic Dependent Surveillance – Broadcast System : An Overview of the System and Retrofitting to Older Aircraft
Air [Vol. 3] : Pureland
Flygande klassiker : warbirds and vintage aircraft over Sweden
Commando: Battle of Britain scramble! : The 10 best Commando Battle of Britain comic books ever!
The big noisy book of things that go
Embedded mixed-signal testing on board and system level
First book of aircraft
The world's classic aircraft
A dictionary of aviation
CIVIL AIRLINER BOEING 747, JUMBO JET
Health monitoring of aerospace structures : smart sensor technologies and signal processing
Flight : a photographic history of aviation
The Illustrated Encyclopedia of Aviation 16. 16.
Developing of aircraft de-icing operations at Helsinki airport
Tiivistelmä: Aircraft maintenance company's spare part logistics into Russia.
Choo choo clickety-clack!
Flight and flying machines
The concise illustrated book of modern commercial aircraft
Big book of airplanes
Reach for the skies : ballooning, birdmen & blasting into space
Aircrew equipment development process for military aviation
Aeroplanes
Flight : 100 years of aviation
Stuka attack! : the dive-bombing assault on England during the Battle of Britain
The way back home
Artifacts of flight
The World's Worst Aircraft
Aircraft reciprocating engines
The Thunderbirds
Jane's encyclopedia of aviation. 1
Aircraft
Aircraft digital electronic and computer systems : principles, operation and maintenance
Jane's encyclopedia of aviation  4 : aircraft a-z : hei-nor. 4
World airline colours. 2
Aircraft profile 240-262
Jane's encyclopedia of aviation  5 : aircraft a-z : nor-zli. 5
Fly without fear : the only book you'll ever need to conquer your fear
Profile publications : 169-201
Airliners : the flagships of the jet age
Aviation handbook
Aircraft structures for engineering students
11 September and its aftermath : the geopolitics of terror
Aviation security management / Volume 2. elements of aviation security management
Air [Vol. 4] : A history of the future
Mighty aircraft
365 aircraft you must fly : the most sublime, weird, outrageous aircraft from the past 100+ years : ... how many do you want to fly?
Kill chain : drones and the rise of high-tech assassins
Flight
Aircraft profile 203-239
Air France
Civil Aircraft of the World
Airlines since 1946.
GSM on board aircraft
The big noisy book of planes
Classic civil aircraft guide
Wolfpack warriors : the story of world war II's most successful fighter outfit
RAF Typhoon : 1994 onwards (all models) : owners' manual
Speedsters : today's air racers in action
Red Baron 1. The machine gunners' ball
George goes on a plane
Michael Lafosse's origami airplanes
Planes and helicopters
Civil aircraft
Professor Satō's three formulae. Part 1, Mortimer in Tokyo
Fault-tolerant flight control and guidance systems : practical methods for small unmanned aerial vehicles
Advanced control of aircraft, spacecraft and rockets
Aircraft : electricity & electronics
Unmanned aircraft systems : UAVS design, development and deployment
US fighters of world war two
On the edge of flight : a lifetime in the development and engineering of aircraft
The Wright brothers : the dramatic story behind the legend
Systematic approach to develop a stringer coupling concept
Incredible paper : flying machines
Wings of death! : Six of the best comic-book adventures from Air ace picture library
Airplanes
Air [Vol. 2] : Flying machine
Main factors of unsuccessful aviation projects
The new observerns book of airliners
Planes, trains and automobiles : a visual history of modern transport featuring 100 iconic designs
Things that go
An introduction to aircraft structural analysis
Harrier : the biography
The aircraft designed and built in Finland for the Finnish Air Force
Airliners worldwide : over 100 current airliners described and illustrated in colour
Introduction to flight
THE NEW OBSERVER'S BOOK OF AIRCRAFT
Maintenance company's spare part logistics into Russia
Jane's encyclopedia of aviation : Aircraft A-Z. 5, Nor-Zl (North American - Zlin)
Principles of flight simulation
COMMERCIAL AIRCRAFT OF THE WORLD
Advanced Aviation Modelling
Uplifted spirits, earthbound machines : studies on artists and the dream of flight, 1900-1935
Gas turbine propulsion systems
Operation Thunderbolt : flight 139 and the raid on Entebbe Airport, the most audacious hostage rescue mission in history
The aviator's wife : a novel
Flight : the complete history
Jane's encyclopedia of aviation : Aircraft A-Z. 4, He-Nor (Heinkel - Norman Thompson)
Suomen ilmavoimien lentokoneet. 2, Fouga CM 170 Magister in Finnish air force
BOEING : PLANEMAKER TO THE WORLD
Aircraft control and simulation : dynamics, controls design, and autonomous systems
Airliners since 1946
The Picture World of Airlines
Jane's encyclopedia of aviation : Aircraft A-Z. 3, Cur-Ha (Curtiss - Hawker Siddeley)
An illustrated guide to the world's civil Airlines
The Illustrated Encyclopedia of Aviation 15. 15.
Avoid being on the first flying machine!
Military aircraft : 1914 to the present day
The story of flight  : thedevelopment of aviation through the ages
Richard Scarry's hop aboard! Here we go!
MH370 the secret files : at last... the truth behind the greatest aviation mystery of all time
