http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10569 openness
openness
Scandal and silence : media responses to presidential misconduct
Corporate, public and global governance : the G8 contribution
11 rules for creating value in the social era
Political communication in Europe : the cultural and structural limits of the European public sphere
Open tourism : open innovation, crowdsourcing and collaborative consumption challenging the tourism industry
Fashion openness : applying an open source philosophy to the paradigm of fashion
The Chinese government debt : What do we know and what should be done?
We steal secrets : the story of Wikileaks
Transparency : the key to better governance?
Towards legal information and legal knowledge : some basic issues in Finnish perspective
Soviet internationalism after Stalin : interaction and exchange between the USSR and Latin America during the Cold War
Law, opacity, and information in urban Gambia
Essays on the economics of information and communication technologies : copyleft, networks and compatibility
Transparency in politics and the media : accountability and open government
Simpler : the future of government
Eurocrats at Work : negotiating transparency in postnational employment policy
The Ashgate research companion to cosmopolitanism
The fear of openness : an essay on friendship and the roots of morality
The pursuit of efficient copyright licensing : how some rights reserved attempts to solve the problems of all rights reserved
Innovations in governance and public administration : replicating what works
Wiki management : a revolutionary new model for a rapidly changing and collaborative world
Enhancing bank transparency : a re-assessment
Openness, specialisation and vulnerability of the Nordic countries
Open standards and the digital age : history, ideology, and networks
Summary (s. 1-3).
Power and conflict in the age of transparency
Open leadership : how social technology can transform the way you lead
The boy who could change the world : the writings of Aaron Swartz
Preventing systemic crises through bank transparency
Implementation of open innovation paradigm : cases: Cisco Systems, DuPont, IBM, Intel, Lucent, P&G, Philips and Sun Microsystems
The philanthropy of George Soros  : building open societies
"Written by a former CIA covert ops and intelligence expert, The Open-Source Everything Manifesto provides a roadmap for empowering the public to return to an informed, engaged democracy of, by, and for the people"--Provided by publisher.
Application of open innovation paradigm in small and medical enterprises in Russia
Digitalization and the design of everyday life : steps in the evolution of a research agenda
Cross-border innovation support platform for SMEs : case of South-East Finland and North-West Russia
The market for learning : leading transparent higher education
Democracy derailed in Russia : the failure of open politics
Innovations in governance in the Middle East, North Africa, and Western Balkans : making governments work better in the Mediterranean region
Government transparency: impacts and unintended consequences
Open-mindedness and education
Oxford handbook of international investment law
Transparency
Summary (s. 11).
Who is steering the ship and which constellation guides the way? : exploring transparency in the European Central Bank during the time of crisis
Ethical minimum or ethical maximum? : study on public service ethics from the perspectives of justice, ethos and transparency in Finnish public administration
Wikipedia and the politics of openness
Episima praktika tis diaskepsis : 10i diaskepsi epitropon Evropa'i'kon upotheseon, Athina, 9-10 ma'i'u 1994 = Rapport relatif aux activités de la conférence : Xème conferénce des organes spécialisés en affaires communautaires, Athènes, 9-10 mai 1994 = [Report] on the activities of the Conference : 10th Conference of European Affairs Committees, Athens, May 9-10 1994.
Growth and convergence : the case of China
Does openness and open access policy relate to the success of universities?
Corruption and democracy : political finances, conflicts of interest, lobbying, justice
Voting transparency and conflicting interests in central bank councils
Parliament and democracy in the twenty-first century : a guide to good practice
Transparency of nuclear regulatory activities : workshop proceedings, Tokyo and Tokai-Mura, Japan, 22-24 May 2007
Transparency and conspiracy : ethnographies of suspicion in the new world order
The cathedral and the bazaar : musings on Linux and open source by an accidental revolutionary
Open business models : how to thrive in the new innovation landscape
Social networks for volunteered geographic information : a case study of OpenStreetMap
Public sector transparency and accountability : making it happen
Who enjoys listening to sad music and why?
Sisärakennusjärjestelmä avoimeen asuntorakentamiseen : suositus suomalaisen sisärakennusjärjestelmän konseptiksi = Infill systems for residential open building : recommendations for a Finnish infill system concept
Essays on the economics of information and communication technologies : copyleft, networks and compability
Sleepers, moles and martyrs : secret identifications, societal integration and the differing meanings of freedom
Japan : progress in implementing regulatory reform
Investing in trust : nuclear regulators and the public : workshop proceedings, Paris, France, 29 November - 1 December 2000.
How did the idea of openness become the defining principle for the twenty-first-century Information Age? This book answers this question by looking at the history of information networks and paying close attention to the politics of standardization. For much of the twentieth century, information networks such as the monopoly Bell System and the American military's Arpanet were closed systems subject to centralized control. In the 1970s and 1980s, however, engineers in the United States and Europe experimented with design strategies and coordination mechanisms to create new digital networks. In the process, they embraced discourses of "openness" to describe their ideological commitments to entrepreneurship, technological innovation, and participatory democracy. The rhetoric of openness has flourished - for example, in movements for open government, open-source software, and open-access publishing - but such rhetoric also obscures the ways the Internet and other "open" systems still depend heavily on hierarchical forms of control.
OECD Investment policy reviews : Russian Federation : enhancing policy transparency
Openness and transparency in the EU institutions : Seminar on Openness and Transparency in the European Institutions, 22 November 1995, Brussels
Management of future innovative firms and networks
Sustainable innovation : a new age of innovation and Finland's innovation policy
The J curve : a new way to understand why nations rise and fall
Access to information in the European Union : a comparative analysis of EC and member state legislation
Summary.
The hacker ethic : and the spirit of the information age
Wikileaks : inside Julian Assange's war on secrecy
Summary (s. 7-12).
Essays on OSS practices and sustainability
Disclosure of the impact of corporations on society : current trends and issues
Open risk assessment : a new way of providing scientific information for decision-making
Promoting peace with information : transparency as a tool of security regimes
Innovating for transformation : a case study on open innovation
The new global economy and developing countries: making openness work
On innovative search : the use of internal and external sources of innovation among Finnish innovators
WikiLeaks and the age of transparency
Trade openness, heterogeneity and growth
Summary (s. 9-14).
Free as in freedom : Richard Stallman's crusade for free software
Establishing, developing and maintaining trust relationships in cross-cultural cooperation: case Stora Enso Suzhou Paper Co. ltd
Uses and abuses of governance indicators
Open innovation : new product development essentials from the PDMA
Summary
E-governance: effects on civil society, transparency and democracy
Summary: The euro crisis has led to an unprecedented Europeanization and politicization of public spheres across the continent. In this volume, leading scholars make two claims. First, they suggest that transnational crossborder communication in Europe has been encouraged through the gradual Europeanization of national as well as issue-specific public spheres. Second, the politicization of European affairs - at the European Union (EU) level and in the domestic politics of member states - is inevitable and here to stay. Europeanized...
Open systems and standards for software product development
Heidegger and unconcealment : truth, language, and history
Summary (s. 11-15).
European public spheres : politics is back
Transparency  : an everlasting challenge for the European Union
Openness and transparency in the European Union
The naked corporation : how the age of transparency will revolutionize business
The power of ideas : Internet governance in a global multi-stakeholder environment
Cybernetic revolutionaries : technology and politics in Allende's Chile
Council annual report on access to documents ..
Open environmental information upon disclosure request in China : the paradox of legal mobilization
Trust-embedded open innovation : towards a human-centric approach in the financial industry
Civil justice in the age of human rights
Brazil : strengthening governance for growth
Free software, free society : selected essays of Richard M. Stallman
Summary (s. ix-xiv).
Access to information in the Nordic countries : a comparison of the laws of Sweden, Finland, Denmark, Norway and Iceland and international rules
WikiLeaks : inside Julian Assange's war on secrecy
Promoting further openess and transparency in military matters : an assessment of the United Nations star[n]dardized instrument for reporting military expenditures
Abstract.
Political responsibility and the European Union
What can we learn about monetary policy transparency from financial market data?
The great Indian phone book : how cheap mobile phones change business, politics and daily life
Towards transparent disclosure : theoretical review
Value co-creation through transparent buyer-supplier relationships : a case study in the supply network of industrial machinery manufacturer
Social media for citizen participation : report on the Somus project
A review of the economic press and literature reveals that there is little research and analysis on the important issue of the Chinese governmental debt and budget deficits. This is astonishing since the Chinese economy has by now climbed to the second position in global GDP ranking. Thus, China's government debt matters increasingly to the rest of the world as well, both in a corporate and a macroeconomic perspective.  Furthermore, not enough is known about the real size of the total Chinese government debt. Insufficient statistical transparency is an important reason for this shortcoming, but this should not serve as an excuse. Increasing efforts are needed to provide China and the rest of the world with better information on the real state of Chinese government debt.  In this paper, an attempt is made to explain and discuss the real situation when it comes to the Chinese government debt. The current Greek/Southern European debt misery clearly shows that opaque statistics cannot be hidden away forever without sooner or later puzzling and/or frightening the financial markets. On the other hand, China cannot be analyzed completely with Western eyes.  The sooner Chinese decision-makers decide on greater transparency in the government debt situation, and decisive steps towards more efficient fiscal policy are taken, the better the consequences for China itself and the global economy. The alternative - continuous opaqueness and a possible future fiscal explosion - could certainly do a lot of harm to China, but also to the global economy. There is no reason to underestimate this medium and long-term risk. The short-term perspective looks safer.  There should be room for a greater exchange of views and co-operation between EU and China, too. The EU's own bad experience from the past few years could be a realistic starting point.  JEL Classifications: D02, D82, H70, H74, O53, P35 .
Approaches to openness
The effect of openness on real wages and unemployment in Finland
The open-source everything manifesto : transparency, truth, and trust
Power in the academy
Reinventing Nordic openness : transparency and state information in Finland
The digital innovation playbook : creating a transformative customer experience
A transparent city
How can the EU's voters have their say?
"The patent disconnection between the institutions of the European Union and the citizens of Europe has been widely attributed by political leaders and scholars to a 'communications gap', that is, to the way EU affairs are mediated by the media, and to the apparent lack of interest by national elites in conveying the importance of Europe. This book challenges this 'mediation theory' and suggests instead a cultural and systemic explanation for the distant and bureaucratic character of the European Union. Apportioning the blame for the communication gap to the media and national politicians neglects two real deficits which prevent Europe from enjoying a vibrant public sphere: a deficit of domesticisation, a popular disconnection with the idea of the EU, and a deficit of politicisation with European politics, it being difficult to categorise as through traditional methods of 'left vs. right'. This book suggests that popular disengagement with the EU is a consequence of the fact that Europe as a cultural community is an interdependent continent rather than a nation and that, as an political institution, the EU is a pseudo-confederation full of anti-publicity bias, elite-driven integration, corporatism and diplomacy. The result is a book that is an essential read for students and scholars of political communication and of the European Union"--
"This book includes ten essays that trace the notion of unconcealment as it develops from Heidegger's early writings to his later work, shaping his philosophy of truth, language, and history. "Unconcealment" is the idea that what entities are depends on the conditions that allow them to manifest themselves. This concept, central to Heidegger's work, also applies to worlds in a dual sense: first, a condition of entities manifesting themselves is the existence of a world; and second, worlds themselves are disclosed. The unconcealment or disclosure of a world is the most important historical event, and Heidegger believes there have been a number of quite distinct worlds that have emerged and disappeared in history. Heidegger's thought as a whole can profitably be seen as working out the implications of the original understanding of unconcealment"--
Access to documents in the European Union before and after the Treaty of Amsterdam
Silent democracy, noisy media
Basic texts on transparency concerning the activities of the Council of the European Union : february 2000
Hybrid entities in international taxation : the classification of entities for tax purposes
Few virtues are as celebrated in contemporary culture as openness. But what does openness mean, and what would a political theory of openness look like? The author uses Wikipedia, the most prominent product of open organization, to analyze the theory and politics of openness in practice - and to break its spell.
Increasing transparency in the European Union?
Public parts : how sharing in the digital age improves the way we work and live
Delusive spaces : essays on culture, media and technology
The early years of the European Ombudsman
