http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1059 metaphysics
metaphysics
Routledge philosophy guidebook to Aristotle and the Metaphysics
Causation and responsibility : an essay in law, morals, and metaphysics
"'Mind, Meaning, and reality' contains fifteen philosophical papers by D. H. Mellor, including a new defence of 'success semantics', and an introduction arguing that metaphysics can and need only be justified by doing it and not by a 'meta-metaphysics', which it needs no more than physics needs metaphysics. The papers are grouped into three parts. Part I is about how the ways we are disposed to act fixes what we believe and what we use language to mean. Part II is about what there is: the reality of dispositions: what makes beliefs and sentences true; why there is only one universe; and how social groups, and other things composed of parts, are related to the people and other things that constitute them. Part III is about time, and includes discussions of twentieth-century developments in the philosophy of time; why Kant was right about tense, even though he was wrong about time; why forward time-travel is trivial and backward time travel impossible; and what gives time its direction"--Publisher's description, p. [4] of dust jacket.
Metaphysics : concept and problems
Metaphysical essays
Hume's scepticism and realism : his two profound arguments against the senses in an enquiry concerning human understanding
Wittgenstein's Tractatus : a critical exposition of its main lines of thought
The glory of the Lord : a theological aesthetics. Vol. 4, The realm of metaphysics in antiquity
Spinoza and Spinozism
Theodor Adorno : key concepts
Strange bodies : a novel
The Early Solov'ëv and his quest for metaphysics
The moral law or Kant's Groundwork of the metaphysic of morals
Process and reality : an essay in cosmology
From the Ultimate God to the Virtual God: Post-Ontotheological Perspectives on the Divine in Heidegger, Badiou, and Meillassoux
Theology and early modern philosophy (1550-1750)
Does taking the Bohm interpretation seriously make you into a metaphysical realist?
The divine lawmaker : lectures on induction, laws of nature, and the existence of God
Walking the tightrope of reason : the precarious life of a rational animal
Groundwork of the metaphysics of morals
The enneads
Collected papers of Charles Sanders Peirce. Vol. 5, Pragmatism and pragmaticism. Vol. 6, Scientific metaphysics
The glory of the Lord : a theological aesthetics. Vol. 1, Seeing the form
Foundations of the metaphysics of morals, and What is enlightenment?
The restitution of man : C.S. Lewis and the case against scientism
Metaphysics : an anthology
"Most contemporary metaphysicians are sceptical about the reality of familiar objects such as dogs and trees, people and desks, cells and stars. They prefer an ontology of the spatially tiny or temporally tiny. Tiny microparticles 'dog-wise arranged' explain the appearance, they say, that there are dogs; microparticles obeying microphysics collectively cause anything that a baseball appears to cause; temporal stages collectively sustain the illusion of enduring objects that persist across changes. Crawford L. Elder argues that all such attempts to 'explain away' familiar objects project downwards, onto the tiny entities, structures and features of familiar objects themselves. He contends that sceptical metaphysicians are thus employing shadows of familiar objects, while denying that the entities which cast those shadows really exist. He argues that the shadows are indeed really there, because their sources - familiar objects - are mind-independently real" --
Ten billion days & one hundred billion nights
Combining science and metaphysics : contemporary physics, conceptual revision, and common sense
Metaphysics and science
"In this book, that combines cutting edge science with real world applications, Chopra and Kafatos redefine our nature of reality and what is possible. Here they ask 9 questions : What Came Before the Big Bang? Why Does the Universe Fit Together So Perfectly? Where Did Time Come From? What Is the Universe Made Of? Is There Design in the Universe? Is the Quantum World Linked to Everyday Life? Do We Live in a Conscious Universe? How Did Life First Begin? Does the brain create the mind? You Are The Universe offers answers that open up new possibilities for all of us to lead more fruitful, peaceful and successful lives."
Russell's metaphysical logic
Discourse on metaphysics and other essays
The Continuum companion to metaphysics
Metaphysik heute = Metaphysics today
Metaphysics : its structure and function
Metaphysics
Introduction to metaphysics
Nature and lifeworld : theoretical and practical metaphysics
If tropes
The natural philosophy of time
Aristotle's Metaphysics : books [G], [D], and [E] [gamma, delta, epsilon]
Dreams of a final theory : the search for the fundamental laws of nature
Dewey's metaphysics
Person and object
Metaphysics and grammar
"This book proposes a new perspective: that our current theories of the physical world don't work, and can never be made to work, until they account for life and consciousness.  This book proposes that, rather than a belated and minor outcome after billions of years of lifeless physical processes, life and consciousness are absolutely fundamental to our understanding of the universe."--Introd.
The possibility of metaphysics : substance, identity, and time
Ontology and the ambitions of metaphysics
The shorter Leibniz texts : a collection of new translations
The ecological self
Hegel and the metaphysics of absolute negativity
Towards speculative realism : essays and lectures
Method and Metaphysics : Essays in Ancient Philosophy I
The logical basis of metaphysics
Elements of metaphysics
The mind and its place in nature
Modes of learning : Whitehead's metaphysics and the stages of education
Oxford studies in metaphysics. Vol. 3
You are the universe : discovering your cosmic self and why it matters
Solar ethics
Metaphysics : a contemporary introduction
Metaphysics : the classic readings
The metaphysics of morals
The age of planetary space : on Heidegger, being, and metaphysics of globalization
Transcendence and the logical difficulties of transcendence
A guide to metaphysics, a key area of contemporary philosophy. It covers the fundamental questions asked by metaphysics. It explores issues pertaining to personal identity, God, endurantism/perdurantism, naturalism/physicalism, abstracta, universals, properties, modality, free will, mind and consciousness, and causation.
Epistemology and metaphysics for qualitative research
Grounding metaphysics : metaphysical necessity and essentialism
New metaphysical foundations of modern science
The problems of contemporary philosophy
Metaphysics : contemporary readings
Universes
The soul of the marionette : a short enquiry into human freedom
The works of Aristotle. Vol. 8, Metaphysica
Prolegomena to any future metaphysics that can qualify as a science
The metaphysics
Riddles of existence : a guided tour of metaphysics
What does that mean? : exploring mind, meaning and mysteries
One and many in Aristotle's Metaphysics. The central books
The reenchantment of the world
Philosophical perspectives. 1, Metaphysics
Metaphysics and common sense
The philosophy of personalism : a study in the metaphysics of religion
Language, truth and logic
The metaphysics. [I] : Books I-IX
Metaphysics : the elements
Alexander Baumgarten (1714-1762), an influential German philosopher preceding Immanuel Kant, is remembered mainly as a founder of modern aesthetics. Yet his manual on metaphysics was one of the chief textbooks of philosophical instruction in latter 18th-Century Germany. Originally published in Latin, Kant used the Metaphysics for nearly four decades as the basis for lectures on metaphysics, anthropology and religion. Kant composed many of the preparatory sketches for the Critique of Pure Reason in the blank interleaved pages of his personal copy.
Knowledge and justification
Does Santa exist? : a philosophical investigation
Reality : fundamental topics in metaphysics
The glory of the Lord : a theological aesthetics. Vol. 5, The realm of metaphysics in the modern age
A theory of possibility : a constructivistic and conceptualistic account of possible individuals and possible worlds
A metaphysics for the future
Contemporary Aristotelian metaphysics
Reason and responsibility : readings in some basic problems of philosophy
Sketch for a systematic metaphysics
Individuals, essence, and identity : themes of analytic metaphysics
For a philosophy of freedom and strife : politics, aesthetics, metaphysics
Inhabiting the earth : Heidegger, environmental ethics, and the metaphysics of nature
Duns Scotus and the problem of universals
The fundamental concepts of metaphysics : world, finitude, solitude
"Aristotelian (or neo-Aristotelian) metaphysics is currently undergoing something of a renaissance. This volume brings together fourteen new essays from leading philosophers who are sympathetic to this conception of metaphysics, which takes its cue from the idea that metaphysics is the first philosophy. The primary input from Aristotle is methodological, but many themes familiar from his metaphysics will be discussed, including ontological categories, the role and interpretation of the existential quantifier, essence, substance, natural kinds, powers, potential, and the development of life. The volume mounts a strong challenge to the type of ontological deflationism which has recently gained a strong foothold in analytic metaphysics. It will be a useful resource for scholars and advanced students who are interested in the foundations and development of philosophy"--
Minding the body : clinical uses of somatic awareness
Brain-wise : studies in neurophilosophy
Metaphysics : the logical approach
Conditions of identity : a study in identity and survival
How Aristotle gets by in Metaphysics Zeta
The problems of philosophy
Oxford studies in metaphysics. Vol. 6
In this book, that combines cutting edge science with real world applications, Chopra and Kafatos redefine our nature of reality and what is possible. Here they ask 9 questions: What Came Before the Big Bang? Why Does the Universe Fit Together So Perfectly? Where Did Time Come From? What Is the Universe Made Of? Is There Design in the Universe? Is the Quantum World Linked to Everyday Life? Do We Live in a Conscious Universe? How Did Life First Begin? Does the brain create the mind? You Are The Universe offers answers that open up new possibilities for all of us to lead more fruitful, peaceful and successful lives.
How to be a philosopher, or How to be almost certain that almost nothing is certain
The metaphysics of emergence
Spinoza's metaphysics : substance and thought
Charles Sanders Peirce in his own words : 100 years of semiotics, communcation
Aquinas, ethics, and philosophy of religion : metaphysics and practice
Meditations, objections, and replies
Familiar objects and their shadows
The papers of the Metaphysical Society, 1869-1880 : a critical edition
This book argues that a plausible account of emergence requires replacing the traditional assumption that what primarily exists are particular entities with generic processes. Traversing contemporary physics and issues of identity over time, it then proceeds to develop a metaphysical taxonomy of emergent entities and of the character of human life.
Methods of metaphysics
The continuity of Peirce's thought
Metaphysics : a guide and anthology
Logic and reality
The metaphysics. [II] : Books X-XIV
Process philosophy : a survey of basic issues
Appearance and reality : a metaphysical essay
Mind, meaning, and reality : essays in philosophy
Nietzsche and Heidegger were both lovers of language, and author Jean Graybeal argues that their writing styles demonstrate a relationship with the feminine dimension of language. Using as a framework the theories of Julia Kristeva concerning the "symbolic" and "semiotic" dispositions in language, Graybeal reads Nietzsche and Heidegger as writers and thinkers whose experimentation with language is directly relevant both to their quests for nonmetaphysical ways of thinking and to the feminist project of moving beyond male dominance. The chapters on Nietzsche discuss portions of The Gay Science, Thus Spoke Zarathustra, and Ecce Homo with the question of woman in the forefront of the analysis. The chapters on Heidegger deal, first, with Being and Time, describing the ways in which Heidegger evokes the feminine and semioitic dimensions in language. Finally, eight of Heidegger's later essays are read with attention to feminie, maternal, and erotic imagery.
Metaphysical grounding : understanding the structure of reality
Work and object : explorations in the metaphysics of art
Metaphysics : methods and problems
Matters of metaphysics
Work and Object is a study of fundamental questions in the metaphysics of art, notably how works relate to the materials that constitute them. Issues about the creation of works, what is essential and inessential to their identity, their distinct kinds of properties, including aesthetic properties, their amenability to interpretation, their style, the conditions under which they can go out of existence, and their relation to perceptually indistinguishable doubles (e.g. forgeries and parodies), are raised and debated. A core theme is that works like paintings, music, literature, sculpture, architecture, films, photographs, multi-media installations, and many more besides, have fundamental features in common, as cultural artefacts, in spite of enormous surface differences. It is their nature as distinct kinds of things, grounded in distinct ontological categories, that is the subject of this enquiry. Although much of the discussion is abstract, based in analytical metaphysics, there are numerous specific applications, including a study of Jean-Paul Sartre's novel La Nausee and recent conceptual art. Some surprising conclusions are derived, about the identity conditions of works and about the difference, often, between what a work seems to be and what it really is.
An essay concerning human understanding
The Routledge companion to metaphysics
The sword of gnosis : metaphysics, cosmology, tradition, symbolism
From morality to metaphysics : the theistic implications of our ethical commitments
Biocentrism : how life and consciousness are the keys to understanding the true nature of the universe
Philosophy bites back
Bertrand Russell's bundle theory of particulars
Ontology
Metaphysics and explanation : proceedings of the Oberlin Colloquium in Philosophy, 1964
Trilogical metaphysics. Vol.1, Liberation of being
The structure of the world : metaphysics and representation
Delimitations : phenomenology and the end of metaphysics
Form and matter : themes in contemporary metaphysics
Religion and the end of metaphysics : Claremont Studies in the Philosophy of Religion Conference 2006
Contemporary metaphysics : an introduction
Essays on metaphysics and the theory of knowledge. Vol. 1
What is this thing called metaphysics?
Mastering philosophy
Julkaisijan kuvailu: "Thoroughly updated, the second edition of this highly successful textbook continues to represent the most comprehensive and authoritative collection of canonical readings in metaphysics. In addition to updated material from the first edition, it presents entirely new sections on ontology and the metaphysics of material objects. One of the most comprehensive and authoritative metaphysics anthologies available - now updated and expanded Offers the most important contemporary works on the central issues of metaphysics Includes new sections on ontology and the metaphysics of material objects, as well as readings on the topics of fictionalism, fundamentality, tropes, vague identity, temporary intrinsics, stage theory, and composition Surpasses other anthologies in its combination of contributions from leading metaphysicians and a younger generation of "rising-stars".
Metaphysics : a critical survey of its meaning
The elements of philosophy : readings from past and present
A trained philosopher and intellectual historian as well as a writer of genius, C. S. Lewis was one of the most lucid, profound, and eloquent critics of the reductive scientific materialism that has helped make the twentieth century so destructive and confused. The Restitution of Man examines the conflict between scientific materialism and the Christian philosophical tradition as it has taken place since the seventeenth century. It examines Lewis's role as inheritor of and spokesman of this tradition and as an articulate opponent of reductive naturalism and "the abolition of man" that materialistic ideologies always entail. In probing the breadth of Lewis's writings, Michael Aeschliman shows why Lewis's apologetic for the Christian view of man is a precious resource for the transmission of human sanity, ethics, and wisdom in an age that has frequently ignored or obliterated all three. This revised edition of Aeschliman's acclaimed study includes a new foreword by George Gilder and a new afterword by the author.
You are the Universe : discovering your cosmic self and why it matters
The nature of metaphysics
Schopenhauer and Kant's transcendental idealism
A reader's guide to the metaphysical poets
The existentialist prolegomena : to a future metaphysics
Nature and vakues : pragmatic essays in metaphysics
The authentic self : essays in al-Fārābī and late ancient Greek philosophy
Beyond matter : why science needs metaphysics
An enquiry concerning human understanding
Immanuel Kant : Groundwork of the metaphysics of morals, in focus
Language and "the feminine" in Nietzsche and Heidegger
The two selves : their metaphysical commitments and functional independence
The phenomenon of man
On the borders of being and knowing : late scholastic theory of supertranscendental being
Union and distinction in Dionysius the Areopagite
The importance of subjectivity : selected essays in metaphysics and ethics
Descartes, Spinoza, Leibniz : the concept of substance in seventeenth-century metaphysics
Questions on the soul = Quastiones de anima
Was there a Lutheran metaphysics? : the interpretation of communicatio idiomatum in early modern Lutheranism
The ethics of Spinoza : the road to inner freedom
Individuals : an essay in descriptive metaphysics
The Pittsburgh School of Philosophy : Sellars, McDowell, Brandom
Time and realism : metaphysical and antimetaphysical perspectives
The doctrine of being in the Aristotelian Metaphysics : a study in the Greek background of mediaeval thought
Being and event
Metaphysics : an introduction
Substantial knowledge : Aristotle's metaphysics
An introduction to metaphysics
Science and metaphysics : variations on Kantian themes
Philosophy of material nature
Transcendence and the logical difficulties of transcendence : a logical analysis
al-Kindī's metaphysics : a translation of Ya qūb ibn Ishāq al-Kindī's treatise "On first philosophy" (fī al-Falsafah al-Ūlā)
"Some of the most eminent and enduring philosophical questions concern matters of priority: what is prior to what? What 'grounds' what? Is, for instance, matter prior to mind? Recently, a vivid debate has arisen about how such questions have to be understood. Can the relevant notion or notions of priority be spelled out? And how do they relate to other metaphysical notions, such as modality, truth-making or essence? This volume of new essays, by leading figures in contemporary metaphysics, is the first to address and investigate the metaphysical idea that certain facts are grounded in other facts. An introduction introduces and surveys the debate, examining its history as well as its central systematic aspects. The volume will be of wide interest to students and scholars of metaphysics"--
Metaphysics : a critical translation with Kant's elucidations, selected notes, and related materials
The tao of physics : an exploration of the parallels between modern physics and Eastern mysticism
The Bloomsbury companion to metaphysics
The foundations of metaphysics in science
Creative evolution
The riddle of existence : an essay in idealistic metaphysics
Leibniz: philosophical writings
An essay on metaphysics
