http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1056 philosophy
philosophy
There is no single idea of the university. Ever since its medieval origin, the concept of the university has continued to change. The metaphysical university gave way successively to the scientific university, and then to the corporate and the entrepreneurial university. But what might lie ahead? Being a University charts and critiques this conceptual development and examines the future possibilities for the idea of the university. Ronald Barnett pursues this quest through an exploration of pairs of contending concepts that speak to the idea of the university - such as space and time; being and becoming; and culture and anarchy. On this foundation is developed an imaginative exposition of possible ideas of the university, including the liquid university and the authentic university.
The concept of a person and other essays
Mobile lives : self, excess and nature
Now in its fourth edition, Comparative Education: The Dialectic of the Global and the Local remains the same groundbreaking book when it first debuted its collection of outstanding scholars in examining the changing transnational landscape of education. With the addition of new coeditor Stephen Franz, the book provides new perspectives on the dynamic interplay of global, national, and local forces as they shape the functions and outcomes of education systems. The book calls for a rethinking of the nation-state as the basic unit for analyzing school-society relations and emphasizes the need to study social movements in relation to educational reforms. It also emphasizes the value of feminist, postcolonial, and culturally sensitive perspectives for inquiry into the potential of education systems to contribute to individual development and social change. This new edition incorporates recent developments in scholarship, especially in education policy and practice, the impact of the global economic crisis, and a new chapter on education in the European Union.
Zen and the art of motorcycle maintenance : an inquiry into values
The Oxford handbook of philosophy in music education
Structure of social theory
House and philosophy : everybody lies
The nature of philosophy : an introduction
Some problems of philosophy : beginning of an introduction to philosophy (1911)
On law and reason
Art and freedom : a historical and biographical interpretation of the relations between the ideas of beauty, use and freedom in Western civilization from the Greeks to the present day. 2
Can (orchestral) music predict our future? : speech at the Nordic Orchestra Conference
A young person's guide to philosophy : "I think, therefore I am"
Primary philosophy
The Encyclopedia of Political Thought contains over 900 A-Z entries on the most significant political thinkers, theories, concepts, ideas, and schools of thought. Available online or as an eight-volume print set, the Encyclopedia examines the history of political thought, contemporary political theory, and political philosophy. The entries range in size from shorter definitions and biographies to extended treatments of major topics and traditions. The Encyclopedia traces the evolution of political thinking from antiquity to the present and emphasizes the richness and diversity of the field's traditions.
Descartes and Spinoza on the love of God
A source book in Indian philosophy
Mind, man, and machine : a dialogue
Public enemies : dueling writers take on each other and the world
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2003, vol. 7.
Philosophy : an introduction
Music as discourse : semiotic aventures in romantic music
The revolution in philosophy
Stanford encyclopedia of philosophy
Gardening : philosophy for everyone : cultivating wisdom
Sadhana : the realisation of life
The impulse to philosophise
The perennial scope of philosophy
Twilight of the idols, or, How to philosophize with a hammer
The triangular relationship between the social, the political and the cultural has opened up social and political theory to new challenges. The social can no longer be reduced to the category of society, and the political extends beyond the traditional concerns of the nature of the state and political authority. This Handbook will address a range of issues that have recently emerged from the disciplines of social and political theory, focusing on key themes as opposed to schools of thought or major theorists. It is divided into three sections which address: the most influential theoretical traditions that have emerged from the legacy of the twentieth century the most important new and emerging frameworks of analysis today the major theoretical problems in recent social and political theory. The Routledge International Handbook of Contemporary Social and Political Theory encompasses the most up-to-date developments in contemporary social and political theory, and as such is an essential research tool for both undergraduate and postgraduate students, as well as researchers, working in the fields of political theory, social and political philosophy, contemporary social theory, and cultural theory.
A field guide to getting lost
Redescriptions : yearbook of political thought and conceptual history. 2004, vol. 8
Crossing the borders of justice : a philosophical study of climate change, justice and environment
Reason and responsibility : Readings in some basic problems of philosophy
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 1998, vol. 2.
Routledge philosophy guidebook to Aristotle and the Metaphysics
Modern philosophy : a survey
[Luettelo akateemikko Georg Henrik von Wrightin saamista eripainoksista] = [Catalogue of Georg Henrik von Wright's Offprint Collection]
This volume presents the state of the art of philosophical practice worldwide from the perspectives of leading philosophical practitioners, both counselors and institutional consultants. Philosophical practice has developed in different directions in different parts of the world, with the focus in Europe and North America being mostly on client counseling and corporate consultancy, while in Asia it is more community-based and more closely aligned with psychotherapy. In all cases, philosophical practitioners strive to transcend the boundaries of academic philosophy and reach out to the public, to corporations, to the policy makers, to the medical, legal and many other professions. The chapters of this book illustrate both the breadth of philosophical practice and its various methodological directions, while, at the same time, showing how philosophy can be relevant to everyday life, not just for individuals, but for the economy, the government, international organizations, the helping and therapeutic professions, and the educational system. The volume is primarily a companion for students of applied philosophy on all levels, as well as for modern psychotherapists, educational professionals and academics. It is designed to support a variety of undergraduate and postgraduate courses in philosophy and applied psychology, ranging from ancient ethics to philosophical practice sui generis, or to the philosophy of psychology.
Nietzsche and the north
The rhythm of thought : art, literature, and music after Merleau-Ponty
Intelligence in the modern world : John Dewey's philosophy
The consolation of philosophy : Boethius, The consolation of philosophy ; Thomas à Kempis, The imitation of Christ ; Sir Thomas Browne, Religio medici
Contemporary philosophic problems : selected readings
The character of consciousness
On the suffering of the world
The flow of ideas : Russian thought from the enlightenment to the religious-philosophical renaissance
Philosophy: the basics
The English philosophers from Bacon to Mill
The hunger games and philosophy : a critique of pure treason
A companion to analytic philosophy
An encyclopaedia of philosophy
How to relax
The concert of civilizations
Philosophical film worlds : can films themselves philosophize and if so, how can this be achieved and furthermore interpreted?
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2001, vol. 5.
The Choreographic
Some problems of philosophy : a beginning of an introduction to philosophy
The midwife of Platonism : text and subtext in Plato's Theaetetus
Musical creativity : multidisciplinary research in theory and practice
Metaphysics and common sense
Kant's Latin writings : translations, commentaries, and notes
Speculative everything : design, fiction, and social dreaming
Philosophy as a path to happiness : attainment of happiness in Arabic Peripatetic and Ismaili philosophy
Avicenna on subjectivity : a philosophical study
The divine lawmaker : lectures on induction, laws of nature, and the existence of God
The William James reader. Vol. 1
Culture club : modern art, rock and roll, and other things your parents warned you about
The concept of the imaginary is pervasive within contemporary thought, yet can be a baffling and often controversial term. In Imagination and the Imaginary, Kathleen Lennon explores the links between imagination - regarded as the faculty of creating images or forms - and the imaginary, which links such imagery with affect or emotion and captures the significance which the world carries for us. Beginning with an examination of contrasting theories of imagination proposed by Hume and Kant, Lennon argues that the imaginary is not something in opposition to the real, but the very faculty through which the world is made real to us. She then turns to the vexed relationship between perception and imagination and, drawing on Kant, Merleau-Ponty and Sartre, explores some fundamental questions, such as whether there is a distinction between the perceived and the imagined; the relationship between imagination and creativity; and the role of the body in perception and imagination. Invoking also Spinoza and Coleridge, Lennon argues that, far from being a realm of illusion, the imaginary world is our most direct mode of perception. She then explores the role the imaginary plays in the formation of the self and the social world. A unique feature of the volume is that it compares and contrasts a philosophical tradition of thinking about the imagination - running from Kant and Hume to Strawson and John McDowell - with the work of phenomenological, psychoanalytic, poststructuralist and feminist thinkers such as Merleau-Ponty, Sartre, Lacan, Castoriadis, Irigaray, Gatens and Lloyd.
Preface to philosophy : a self-teaching course
The ends of philosophy : an essay in the sociology of philosophy and rationality
The fundamental questions of philosophy
Toward reunion in philosophy
Is Rancière anarchist? : an approach to Rancière's political thought
Selected papers on philosophy
The universe in me - I in the universe : one for CMED philosophy and CMED philosophy for all
Practicing philosophy
Theory and reality : an introduction to the philosophy of science
Philosophy in the twentieth century. Volume four: an anthology
Philosophy
In the service of philosophy
12 modern philosophers
From Descartes to Kant : readings in the philosophy of the renaissance and enlightenment
An outline of philosophy
A guide to the good life : the ancient art of stoic joy
Internet encyclopedia of philosophy
Object-oriented philosophy : The noumenon's new clothes
Hannah Arendt : practice, thought and judgement
Moral Realism is a systematic defence of the idea that there are objective moral standards. In the tradition of Plato and G. E. Moore, Russ Shafer-Landau argues that there are moral principles that are true independently of what anyone, anywhere, happens to think of them. These principles are a fundamental aspect of reality, just as much as those that govern mathematics or the natural world. They may be true regardless of our ability to grasp them, and their truth is not a matter of their being ratified from any ideal standpoint, nor of being the object of actual or hypothetical consensus, nor of being an expression of our rational nature. Shafer-Landau accepts Plato's and Moore's contention that moral truths are sui generis. He rejects the currently popular efforts to conceive of ethics as a kind of science, and insists that moral truths and properties occupy a distinctive area in our ontology. Unlike scientific truths, the fundamental moral principles are knowable a priori. And unlike mathematical truths, they are essentially normative: intrinsically action-guiding, and supplying a justification for all who follow their counsel.Moral Realism is the first comprehensive treatise defending non-naturalistic moral realism in over a generation. It ranges over all of the central issues in contemporary metaethics, and will be an important source of discussion for philosophers and their students interested in issues concerning the foundations of ethics.
Philosophical writings
What engineering scientists know and how they know it : towards understanding the philosophy of engineering science in Finland
The political philosophy of Michel Foucault
Journalism and the philosophy of truth : beyond objectivity and balance
An analysis of the concept of citizenship : legal, political and social dimensions
The invisible hand and science
This book bridges a gap between discussions about truth, human understanding, and epistemology in philosophical circles, and debates about objectivity, bias, and truth in journalism. It examines four major philosophical theories in easy to understand terms while maintaining a critical insight which is fundamental to the contemporary study of journalism. The book aims to move forward the discussion of truth in the news media by dissecting commonly used concepts such as bias, objectivity, balance, fairness, in a philosophically-grounded way, drawing on in depth interviews with journalists to explore how journalists talk about truth.
History of madness
A short introduction to philosophy
10 good questions about life and death
Logic as the universal science : Bertrand Russell's early conception of logic and its philosophical context
The bed of procrustes : philosophical and practical aphorisms
Plato's Theaetetus is an acknowledged masterpiece, and among the most influential texts in the history of epistemology. Since antiquity it has been debated whether this dialogue was written by Plato to support his familiar metaphysical doctrines, or represents a self-distancing from these. David Sedley's book offers a via media, founded on a radical separation of the author, Plato, from his main speaker, Socrates. The dialogue, it is argued, is addressed to readers familiar with Plato's mature doctrines, and sets out to show how these doctrines, far from being an abandonment of his Socratic heritage, are its natural outcome. The Socrates portrayed here is the same Socrates as already portrayed in Plato's early dialogues. While not a Platonist, he is exhibited - to put it in terms of an image made famous by this dialogue - as having been Platonism's midwife. In a comprehensive rereading of the text, Sedley tracks the ways in which Socrates is shown unwittingly preparing the ground for Plato's mature doctrines, and reinterprets the dialogue's individual arguments from this perspective. The book is addressed to all readers interested in Plato, and does not require knowledge of Greek.
The girl with the dragon tattoo and philosophy : everything is fire
Explaining practices
Bodies moving and moved : a phenomenological analysis of the dancing subject and the cognitive and ethical values of dance art
Being a university
The Internet of us : knowing more and understanding less in the age of big data
Collected essays and reviews
Current and comprehensive, The International Encyclopedia of Communication Theory and Philosophy is the ultimate resource for scholarly reflection on key issues in the discipline, covering the history, systematics, and potential of communication theory. Entries are cross-national and cross-disciplinary, featuring authors from Europe, North America, Latin America, and Southeast Asia.
I believe : nineteen personal philosophies
Consciousness has long been a subject of interest in philosophy and religion but only relatively recently has it become subject to scientific investigation. Now, more than ever before, we are beginning to understand this mental state. Developmental psychologists understand when we first develop a sense of self; neuropsychologists see which parts of the brain activate when we think about ourselves and which parts of the brain control that awareness.Cognitive scientists have mapped the circuitry that allows machines to have some form of self awareness, and neuroscientists investigate similar circuitry in the human brain. Research that once was separate inquiries in discreet disciplines is converging. List serves and small conferences focused on consciousness are proliferating. New journals have emerged in this field. A huge number of monographs and edited treatises have recently been published on consciousness, but there is no recognized entry point to the field, no comprehensive summary.This encyclopedia is that reference. Organized alphabetically by topic, coverage encompasses a summary of major research and scientific thought regarding the nature of consciousness, the neural circuitry involved, how the brain, body, and world interact, and our understanding of subjective states. The work includes contributions covering neuroscience, psychology, philosophy, and artificial intelligence to provide a comprehensive backdrop to recent and ongoing investigations into the nature of conscious experience from a philosophical, psychological, and biological perspective.
True blood and philosophy : we wanna think bad things with you
Garden history : philosophy and design 2000 BC - 2000 AD
Twenty questions : an introduction to philosophy
God's debris / A thought experiment
The authentic self : essays in al-Fārābī and late ancient Greek philosophy
"Verum est ipsum factum" : true is what has been made as such
Twilight and philosophy : vampires, vegetarians, and the pursuit of immortality
Concise Routledge encyclopedia of philosophy
The conditions of philosophy : its checkered past, its present disorder, and its future promise
The cognitivity paradox : an inquiry concerning the claims of philosophy
The shorter Routledge encyclopedia of philosophy
Music and consciousness : philosophical, psychological, and cultural perspectives
A Glance at the work of Roger Cotterrell
Determinism and knowledge of the future
Philosophy as cultural politics
Adorno's aesthetics of critique
Indian philosophy. Volume I
Introduction to philosophy
A common humanity : thinking about love and truth and justice
Sacred economics : money, gift, & society in the age of transition
Introduction to the philosophy of sport
This revised and considerably expanded 2nd edition brings together a wide range of topics, including modal, tense, conditional, intuitionist, many-valued, paraconsistent, relevant, and fuzzy logics. Part 1, on propositional logic, is the old Introduction, but contains much new material. Part 2 is entirely new, and covers quantification and identity for all the logics in Part 1. The material is unified by the underlying theme of world semantics. All of the topics are explained clearly using devices such as tableau proofs, and their relation to current philosophical issues and debates are discussed. Students with a basic understanding of classical logic will find this book an invaluable introduction to an area that has become of central importance in both logic and philosophy. It will also interest people working in mathematics and computer science who wish to know about the area.
Law, truth and reason : a treatise on legal argumentation
A companion to phenomenology and existentialism
The hobbit and philosophy : for when you've lost your dwarves, your wizard and your way
A modern introduction to philosophy : readings from classical and contemporary sources
Critical perspectives on mental health
Routledge philosophy guidebook to Hegel and the Phenomenology of spirit
Imagination and the imaginary
The problems of philosophy
Key philosophical writings
After essentially contested concepts
What is populism?
The complete essays and other writings
Contemporary Indian philosophy
Comparative philosophy without borders
Routledge international handbook of contemporary social and political theory
Copenhagen failure : a rhetorical treatise of how speeches unite and divide mankind
Indian philosophy : a counter perspective
Tractatus logico-philosophicus
The encyclopedia of political thought
The Ultimate Harry Potter and philosophy : Hogwarts for Muggles
An introduction to philosophical analysis
Right, morality, ethical life : studies in G. W. F. Hegelś philosophy of right
Indian philosophy. Volume II
Philosophical topics
Music and the myth of wholeness : toward a new aesthetic paradigm
Disputatio politica de formis imperiorum et monarchae seu regis constitutione. Praeside m. Michaele O. Wexionio hist. & pol. p. p. nec non pro tempore in spectore s. r. m.tis stip. accuratissimo: Respondente Iohanne L. Klingio Nericiense s. r.ae m.tis stipendiario. In Regia, nova ac praeclara Academia Aboënsi: ad diem 23. Nov. a. 1644. horis & loco consvetis
The Art of Comics is the first-ever collection of essays published in English devoted to the philosophical topics raised by comics and graphic novels. In an area of growing philosophical interest, this volume constitutes a great leap forward in the development of this fast expanding field, and makes a powerful contribution to the philosophy of art. * The first-ever anthology to address the philosophical issues raised by the art of comics* Provides an extensive and thorough introduction to the field, and to comics more generally* Responds to the increasing philosophical interest in comic art * Includes a preface by the renowned comics author Warren Ellis* Many of the chapters are illustrated, and the book carries a stunning cover by the rising young comics star David Heatley.
Inquiring about God is the first of two volumes of Nicholas Wolterstorff's collected papers. This volume collects Wolterstorff's essays on the philosophy of religion written over the last thirty-five years. The essays, which span a range of topics including Kant's philosophy of religion, the medieval (or classical) conception of God, and the problem of evil, are unified by the conviction that some of the central claims made by the classical theistic tradition, such as the claims that God is timeless, simple, and impassible, should be rejected. Still, Wolterstorff contends, rejecting the classical conception of God does not imply that theists should accept the Kantian view according to which God cannot be known. Of interest to both philosophers and theologians, Inquiring about God should give the reader a lively sense of the creative and powerful work done in contemporary philosophical theology by one of its foremost practitioners.
Imagining the university
A short history of modern philosophy : from Descartes to Wittgenstein
Readings in philosophy
Collective responsibility : against collectivism
The international encyclopedia of communication theory and philosophy
The art of comics : a philosophical approach
The postmodern and political agency
Wittgenstein and the human form of life
The philosopher's habitat : an introduction to investigations in, and applications of, modern philosophy
Constructions and situations : a constructivist reading of Hegel's system
The call and the response
Fifty major philosophers
Hans Kelsen's Defence of Democracy
What is consciousness? How does the subjective character of consciousness fit into an objective world? How can there be a science of consciousness? In this sequel to his groundbreaking and controversial The Conscious Mind, David Chalmers develops a unified framework that addresses these questions and many others. Starting with a statement of the "hard problem" of consciousness, Chalmers builds a positive framework for the science of consciousness and a nonreductive vision of the metaphysics of consciousness. He replies to many critics of The Conscious Mind, and then develops a positive theory in new directions. The book includes original accounts of how we think and know about consciousness, of the unity of consciousness, and of how consciousness relates to the external world. Along the way, Chalmers develops many provocative ideas: the "consciousness meter", the Garden of Eden as a model of perceptual experience, and The Matrix as a guide to the deepest philosophical problems about consciousness and the external world. This book will be required reading for anyone interested in the problems of mind, brain, consciousness, and reality.
Historied thought, constructed world : a conceptual primer for the turn of the millennium
Philosophy : a beginner's guide
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 1999, vol. 3.
Alice in Wonderland and philosophy : curiouser and curiouser
101 philosophy problems
The analytic Freud : philosophy and psychoanalysis
Reading Sartre : on phenomenology and existentialism
Philosophies of India
An introduction to non-classical logic : from if to is
The importance of religion : meaning and action in our strange world
Bourgeois dignity : why economics can't explain the modern world
Selected essays
Introducing philosophy  : a text with integrated readings
The meditations of Marcus Aurelius : spiritual teachings and reflections : selections annotated & explained
Dissensus : on politics and aesthetics
Moral discourse, objectivity, and the future
During the Spanish Civil War, George Orwell was asked why he could not shoot an enemy soldier who was running holding up his trousers. Orwell replied 'I had come here to shoot at "Fascists"; but a man who is holding up his trousers isn't a "Fascist". A Common Humanity is a beautifully written, profound and arresting book about what predicaments such as Orwell's tell us about humanity. Drawing on a wealth of important examples including the Holocaust and attempts to deny it, the trial of Adolf Eichmann, the taking of children of mixed blood from Aboriginal parents in Australia, and the work of Primo Levi, Hannah Arendt and Simone Weil, Raimond Gaita sets out a provocative new picture of our common humanity. He urges us to recognize that whilst many of these examples call into question whether there is such a thing as a common humanity, it is not the idea of humanity that is at fault. It is the empty language of rights and obligations we use to explain what a human being is. It leaves no room for our ability to love other human beings and to share with them grief, hope, built, shame and remorse. It is our recognizing that others share these inescapably human features that gives us our common humanity. It is our common humanity that gives us rights and obligations, not our rights and obligations that give us our common humanity.
Dimensions of moral theory : an introduction to metaethics and moral psychology
Comparative Philosophy without Borders presents original scholarship by leading contemporary comparative philosophers, each addressing a philosophical issue that transcends the concerns of any one cultural tradition. By critically discussing and weaving together these contributions in terms of their philosophical presuppositions, this cutting-edge volume initiates a more sophisticated, albeit diverse, understanding of doing comparative philosophy. Within a broad conception of the alternative shapes that work in philosophy may take, this volume breaks three kinds of boundaries: between cultures, historical periods and sub-disciplines of philosophy such as metaphysics, epistemology, ethics, aesthetics, and political philosophy. As well as distinguishing three phases of the development of comparative philosophy up to the present day, the editors argue why the discipline now needs to enter a new phase. Putting to use philosophical thought and textual sources from Eurasia and Africa, contributors discuss modern psychological and cognitive science approaches to the nature of mind and topics as different as perception, poetry, justice, authority, and the very possibility of understanding other people. Comparative Philosophy without Borders demonstrates how drawing on philosophical resources from across cultural traditions can produce sound state-of-the-art progressive philosophy. Fusing the horizons of traditions opens up a space for creative conceptual thinking outside all sorts of boxes.
Anatomy of reality : merging of intuition and reason
Rather than relegating philosophical inquiry to moot questions and abstract situations, the contributors to this volume address everyday concerns faced by music educators everywhere.
Modern philosophy : an introduction
Philosophers ancient and modern
"Right of death and power over life" : an analysis of Michel Foucault's conceptions of power and violence
The nineteenth century is a period of stunning philosophical originality, characterised by radical engagement with the emerging human sciences. Often overshadowed by twentieth century philosophy which sought to reject some of its central tenets, the philosophers of the nineteenth century have re-emerged as profoundly important figures. The Routledge Companion to Nineteenth Century Philosophy is an outstanding survey and assessment of the century as a whole. Divided into seven parts and including thirty chapters written by leading international scholars, the Companion examines and assesses the central topics, themes, and philosophers of the nineteenth century, presenting the first comprehensive picture of the period in a single volume: * German Idealism * philosophy as political action, including young Hegelians, Marx and Tocqueville * philosophy and subjectivity, including Schopenhauer, Kierkegaard and Nietzsche * scientific naturalism, including Darwinism, philosophy of race, experimental psychology and Neo-Kantianism * utilitarianism and British Idealism * American Idealism and Pragmatism * new directions in Mind and Logic, including Brentano, Frege and Husserl. The Routledge Companion to Nineteenth Century Philosophy is essential reading for students of philosophy, and for anyone interested in this period in related disciplines such as politics, history, literature and religion.
Comparative education : the dialectic of the global and the local
Philosophy in the twentieth century
The spirit of the game : navigational aids for the next century
Encyclopedia of consciousness
Philosophic classics : basic texts. Thales to St. Thomas
Emergence in the philosophy of mind
Art and freedom : a historical and biographical interpretation of the relations between the ideas of beauty, use and freedom in Western civilization from the Greeks to the present day. 1
What is philosophy?
The Routledge International Handbook of Philosophies and Theories of Early Childhood Education and Care
Philosophic classics : basic texts. Bacon to Kant
Panaugia, or, Universal light
About philosophy
Philosophical papers
A practical guide to critical thinking : deciding what to do and believe
Decision as heresy
On translation
Connected sociologies
Slips, thoughts and actions
Dream and reality
Taoist teachings from the book of Lieh Tzu ; Translated from the Chinese, with introduction and notes by Lionel Giles
Language and the ineffable : a developmental perspective and its applications
Sophie's world : a novel about the history of philosophy
Between present and past, visible and invisible, and sensation and idea, there is resonance - so philosopher Maurice Merleau-Ponty argued and so Jessica Wiskus explores in "The Rhythm of Thought". Holding the poetry of Stephane Mallarme, the paintings of Paul Cezanne, the prose of Marcel Proust, and the music of Claude Debussy under Merleau-Ponty's phenomenological light, she offers innovative interpretations of some of these artists' masterworks, in turn articulating a new perspective on Merleau-Ponty's philosophy. More than merely recovering Merleau-Ponty's thought, Wiskus thinks according to it. First examining these artists in relation to noncoincidence - as silence in poetry, depth in painting, memory in literature, and rhythm in music - she moves through an array of their artworks toward some of Merleau-Ponty's most exciting themes: our bodily relationship to the world and the dynamic process of expression. She closes with an examination of synesthesia as an intertwining of internal and external realms and a call, finally, for philosophical inquiry as a mode of artistic expression. Structured like a piece of music itself, "The Rhythm of Thought" offers new contexts in which to approach art, philosophy, and the resonance between them.
"Despite both positive and negative perceptions of the current state of higher education, the contemporary debate over what it is to be a university is limited. Most of all, it is limited imaginatively. The range of imagined options is narrow. The imagination has not been given anything even approaching a wide scope. As a result, our sense as to what a university could be and could become in the modern age is itself impoverished. If we are seriously to develop a wide range of ideas of the university that is adequate to the challenges of the modern world, the imagination itself needs to be freed. Imagining the University seeks to address each of these sets of issues and will do so by first, identifying a very wide range of ideas of the university as it is now unfolding and could become; secondly, by evaluating those conceptions of the university with a classification of ideas of the university; and thirdly, by reflecting on the imagination itself, its current impoverishment and its possibilities. Whether studying, researching or deciding policy, this book is vital reading to all those involved in the planning and delivery of higher education"--
The labyrinth of politics : a conceptual approach to the modes of the political in the Scottish enlightenment
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2000, vol. 4.
Driving to California : an unconventional introduction to philosophy : Colin Radford
The philosophy of Santayana : selections from all the works of George Santayana
The Routledge companion to nineteenth century philosophy
Ancient ethics : a critical introduction
Soviet philosophy : a study of theory and practice
From Plato to Wittgenstein
Meeting other minds
The philosophical quest
Philosophy in children's literature
Science, perception and reality
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 1997.
Experience and history : phenomenological perspectives on the historical world
The owl of Minerva : philosophers on philosophy
