http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10580 employers
employers
Employer Branding for SMEs: Attracting Graduating Students in IT Industry
Social recognition and employees organizational support : the impact of social recognition on organizational commitment, intent to stay, service effort, and service improvements in an Icelandic service setting
How to motivate people
Child care and corporate productivity : resolving family/work conflicts
Online community as networking and collaborating tool in business to employees : a case study in an international corporation
The safe hiring manual : the complete guide to employment screening background checks for employers, recruiters, and jobseekers
Employers and the flexible retirement age : employer views on the Finnish pension reform in 2005 and older employees' continued work
Attracting sales talent to start-ups
Formation of the internal employer brand : case Nordea
The role of social media in building an employer brand : Finland’s most attractive employers
Industrial relations in schools
The social organization of industrial conflict : control and resistance in the workplace
Maid to match
Pieces of the big picture : exploring employment of rehabilitees with European partners
Training for a rapidly changing workplace : applications of psychological research
From the day she arrives at the Biltmore, Tillie Reese is dazzled - by the riches of the Vanderbilts and by Mack Danvers, a mountain man turned footman. When Tillie is enlisted to help tame Mack's rugged behavior by tutoring him in proper servant etiquette, the resulting sparks threaten Tillie's efforts to be chosen as Edith Vanderbilt's lady's maid. After all, the one rule of the house is no romance below stairs. But the stakes rise even higher when Mack and Tillie become entangled in a cover-up at the town orphanage. They could both lose their jobs ... and their hearts.--Taken from backcover.
Line managers and family-friendly employment : roles and perspectives
Blue collar man : patterns of dual allegiance in industry
Learning and education of older workers : lifelong learning at the margin
Behold the dreamers : a novel
Pocket employer
A corporate web site's role in strengthening the company's image as an employer
The management of labor relations
To support the employment of a rehabilitee
Act on codetermination at work : an efficacy study
How does employer branding increase employee retention?
Summary. - Yhteenveto.
Employer branding
Self-interested governments, labor unions, and immigration policy
The employment relationship : examining psychological and contextual perspectives
A good workplace and student's views of Tampere city as an employer
Employer Branding for SMEs : Attracting Graduating Students in IT Industry
Employer brand research : case company: Wulff-Group Plc
Employer branding in power industry
Employers' prerogatives : in a European and Nordic perspective
International Graduates Journey to Finnish Job Market : The Challenges International Graduates Face In Finnish Job Market
Employers' intention to hire highly educated foreign workforce in the Kokkola region : implications for higher education
A guide to non-cash reward
New forms of work and activity : survey of experience at establishment level in eight European countries
Recruitement model for Company Ltd and the impact of recruitment trends
Applying for a job in Lapland : international student ́s guide /.
Nokia's international employer brand
Industrial relations in Africa
Job satisfaction among employees of GS Engineering and Construction Corporation in Vietnam
The limits of employment discrimination law in the United States and European Community
Internet recruitment and employer branding on the company internet recruitment site
Wellbeing as a part of leadership in my country : case Company XX
The 10 secrets of entrepreneurs : how to stop being just an employee
Can corporate social responsibility (CSR) be recruited? : an insight to future employees' values and perceptions on attractive employers
The welfare state as employer
Roads to participation in technological change : attitudes and experiences
The challenges of MNC employer branding in emerging markets : a case study from Hungary and China
Labour markets are experiencing strong changes worldwide. The ongoing trends have an  effect on recruitment and the ability of organisations to attract the best experts. The  purpose of this thesis was to create a recruitment model for the commissioning company,  later referred to as Company Ltd. The effect of the trends was taken into account in the  recruitment model. The goal of this thesis was to enable Company Ltd to find both  motivated and committed employees with the help of the created recruitment model. A  constructive approach was applied in this thesis. The research methods included  benchmarking, surveying, and interviewing. Information was also obtained from recent  articles.  This thesis and assignment revealed the importance of Generation Y, which is about to  enter the labour market. The ability of organisations to communicate with each generation  in the labour market was also made clear. As the domestic and global demographics are  changing significantly, organisations are beginning to face shortage of skilled applicants.  Mismatches in skills and over-qualification gaps are expected all over Europe in the  future. Organisations must see job seekers as their customers. Planning the recruitment  process to serve the applicants improves employer brand and attractiveness as an  employer. This results in increased productivity when experts choose to apply to a  specific organisation.  As the outcome of this assignment, the recruitment model was created for Company Ltd.  The recruitment model has been presented in Chapter 5. Additional documentation  supporting the recruitment model was compiled and updated during this assignment. The  documentation was excluded from the thesis. It was discovered that Company Ltd should  focus on reaching the chosen target group of job seekers and to put emphasis on candidate  experience. Motivation and commitment as a result of the recruitment model were  challenging to validate. Due to changes in the operating environment, Company Ltd's  recruitment-related plans were not taken place in 2016 and this assignment. The results  of the survey carried out among the current personnel of Company Ltd explained what  motivates and commits employees to an organisation. These results comply with the  trends described in this thesis. The steps recommended to be taken by Company Ltd in  the future include actions that strengthen the organisation's employer brand, and  emphasizing candidate experience.
Real work for real pay : inclusive employment for people with disabilities
Search direction and wage dispersion
Exploring the employer brand : a survey for If P&C Insurance Company
A question of trust : the impact of corporate social responsibility on Stora Enso's perceived image as an employer
Ageing workforce and employers' attitudes to employment of older persons : the case of Finland
Employee Relations
Problems of ownership : proceedings of a Finnish-Estonian seminar May 22.-23., 1991 in Tartu
How should companies use employer branding in order to attract student and graduate applications?
Tutkijoiden eurooppalainen peruskirja : säännöstö tutkijoiden työhönotosta = The European charter for researchers : the code of conduct for the recruitment of researchers
Abstract: The aim of this thesis was to find out whether employer branding is a necessary action every organisation should take to attract more job applicants, or is it just a current fashion invented by the Human Resources professionals. Besides investigating the general necessity of the concept, this research also gives recommendations to a company called Triodor Software about needed actions to increase the quality and quantity of their job applicants. The need for this research aroused when current literature did not show any empirical evidence about what is actually attracting job seekers to apply for work in certain companies. A company called Triodor Software needed advice in attracting more and more talented job applicants, and the research aimed to help to find out whether employer branding is the solution. A critical review of the current literature was carried out and an online questionnaire was distributed to the job applicants of Triodor Software to answer the research questions. The results revealed that a globally or nationally known company might have the potential to attract job applicants without any specific employer branding actions. In a case of a more unfamiliar company in the local labour market however employer branding can be the key action to attract more job applicants. However, the research showed that different people represents different opinions and desires, and therefore a combination of employer brand and companies' other brands can be the best solution to increase the quality and quantity of job applicants.
The significance of the employer image in the recruitement process : case: company X
Finnish labour market policy in trial : evaluation on the 1980's
Employer Brand and Great Place to Work as Perceived by Generation Y Employees - Case Ravintolakolmio-ryhmä
Stories employers tell : race, skill, and hiring in America
Abstract: How should companies use employer branding in order to attract student and graduate applications? The research objective was to provide guidelines for companies to communicate to students and graduates as internal and recruitment markets. The primary research absorbed into their decision making processes when applying for jobs. The aim was to find out what attracts them at the announcements, what gets them to apply for the job and to keep working for the company. Primary research was conducted using both qualitative and quantitative method. The data was collected using questionnaire and two interviews. Internet questionnaire resulted 53 responses from students and graduated. The research found out that students and graduates appreciate job description, career possibilities and salary and benefits the most. The needs that job can satisfy are safety and esteem needs and the need for self-actualisation. From these, the company should concentrate its employer branding efforts to esteem needs and the need for self-actualisation. Employer marketing should focus on promotion and especially advertising. Job announcements are the employer brand advertisements and the ones that attract the students and graduates to apply for the company. Challenging and interesting job profiles are the ones that attract the students and graduates. The marketing communications for employer brand should inform and persuade. The channel should be Internet, both their own and external websites. The research was quite facile and the sample size small. It would be recommended to conduct it again using larger sample. There are lots of research about the area, but most of them are from human resource management point of view. It would be beneficial to research employer branding more from marketing point of view.
Juggling work and care : the experiences of working carers of older adults
Employers associations and industrial relations : a comparative study
Managing external relations in schools and colleges
Crackers
Employer's liability at common law
Principles of hotel and catering law
Service design advantages, case service freedo.me : service mediating design fields freelancers and companies facing design challenges
Toward connectivity : internships of Finnish universities of applied sciences
Summary.
Supporting employer branding by inbound marketing in Russia
And what do you do? : 10 steps to creating a portfolio career
The objective of this research was to evaluate Nokia's International Employer Brand during the fall of 2012. Recently, the mobile industry has faced intensive competition in terms of recruitment for the best talent. Nokia has faced some difficulties, such as losing its market leadership and facing some remarkable financial turbulence. In February 2011, the company announced a new strategy and since then Nokia's situation has changed dramatically. On June 14, 2012 a reshaped strategy was announced, and this has affected 10,000 employees worldwide. This study evaluated the perception of Nokia' employer brand based on the opinions of different groups (former employees, people working for Nokia and people who have never worked for Nokia). First, the study explores the importance of employer brand categories and attributes. Moreover, the study evaluates Nokia's performance. The study describes the gap between people's expectations and Nokia's offering. The attributes of the employer brand were created based on previous theoretical models adapted to Nokia's situation. The data was collected in September 2012 using an online survey which was sent to the respondents using different social media channels. In total, 216 people from 34 different countries answered the survey. It was found that Nokia's employer brand consists of eight categories and Nokia's overall employer brand remains good. There are some differences in terms of perception depending on respondents' relation to the company. Former employees' perceptions are more negative than those of other groups. The employees' perception is from neutral to positive. Outsiders' perception is the most positive one. Nokia weakest performance was related to leadership and management, HR processes and development opportunities.
Sustainable employer branding : guidelines, worktools and best practices
The help
The psychological contract : managing and developing professional groups
Employer image among summer trainees 2010: Case Wärtsilä Finland Oy
The purpose of this thesis is to examine a corporate web site's role in strengthening the company's image as a potential employer. The goal is to find out how university students perceive the client company's web site and how this web site could be developed to help it correspond better to students' career aspirations. The client company's success in the market is closely linked to their human capital, which highlights the importance of attracting talented university graduates. The framework of the thesis consists of the different elements that affect an employer's image. It examines how the general corporate image affects a specific employer's image. After this, it looks at how recruitment communication and a corporate web site can be used to increase an organization's attractiveness to potential employees. As part of my thesis I conducted a Webropol survey for the third-year students of Aalto University School of Economics. The survey was conducted in May 2012. The first part of the survey examined the same factors than the employer image surveys conducted in 2011 and 2010 by Universum. However, the main focus in this case was on the client company's web site and how it reflects the desired employer image. The survey reveals that these students value the same things that they traditionally have valued, i.e. possibilities for training and development and a pleasant work environment. These students also consider a corporate web site as their preferred source of information, as was previously the case. However, the aspects that students consider the most important are not visible enough on the client company's web site. The company should focus on simplifying their employment content information and navigation so that students could find the relevant information more easily. One developmental suggestion was also to increase the transparency between the company and students.
Employer branding - fashion or the future? Investigation into the necessity of employer branding for organisations to attract talent : case study : Triodor Software
Explaining the desire for local bargaining : evidence from a Finnish survey of employers and employees
Strategic negotiations : a theory of change in labor-management relations
Employment and progressive employer's social security contributions
The interpreter's resource
Management consulting
Researching the world of work : strategies and methods in studying industrial relations
Telecommuting and virtual offices : issues and opportunities
Search in the labour markets : empirical evidence of the role of technology and sanctions
Adjusting to capitalism : Chinese workers and the state
Action reflection learning : solving real business problems by connecting learning with earning
Labour law in English
Butterworths employment law handbook
Memoirs of a geisha
Abstract (1 s.).
Unions, labour supply and structure of taxation : equal tax bases
Matching heterogeneous job seekers and vacancies : empirical studies using Finnish data
Employer Branding - fashion or the future? Investigation into the necessity of Employer Branding for organisations to attract talent - Case Study : Triodor Software
The domestic revolution : the modernisation of household service in England and France 1820-1920
The employer brand : keeping faith with the deal
Teaching English abroad : your expert guide to teaching English around the world
