http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10503 multi-modal studying
multi-modal studying
Blended learning : tools for teaching and training
Changing spaces of education : new perspectives on the nature of learning
Enhancing the distance learning in the BME programme
Distance learning technologies: issues, trends and opportunities
Reflecting on the aspects of meaningful learning in blended training situations : case: Metso Paper
Development of virtual learning material
The rise of blended learning : students' perspectives
Rethinking learner support in distance education : change and continuity in an international context
Abstract.
Student retention in online, open, and distance learning
Blended learning : using technology in and beyond the language classroom
Online learning in music : foundations, frameworks, and practices
Web-based communications, the Internet, and distance education
Innovation in open and distance learning : successful development of online and web-based learning
Distance education : crossing frontiers : papers for the 12th biennial forum of the Open and Distance Learning Association of Australia, Vanuatu: September 1995.
Supporting meaningful chemistry learning and higher-order thinking through computer-assisted inquiry : a design research approach
The handbook of blended learning : global perspectives, local designs
The rise of blended learning - students’ perspectives
Writing across distances & disciplines : research and pedagogy in distributed learning
"This encyclopedia offers the most comprehensive coverage of the issues, concepts, trends, and technologies of distance learning. More than 450 international contributors from over 50 countries"--Provided by publisher.
Open and distance learning : case studies from industry and education
During the recent years blended learning has become more common strategy in higher education. In Oulu University of Applied Sciences School of Business and Information Management blended learning was developed in a project where about 20 teachers from two degree programs developed courses from the point of view of individual, blended and online learning. A focus group interview was organised with voluntary students in order to get insights to student's experiences.     Students wish that they would have activities and feedback along the course - not big assignments or exam at the end of the course. Blended learning should be tied to real life cases which are connected to theories. Two-way interaction plays a critical role when blended learning is used in order to avoid the isolation of students. Learning Cafe type of assignments, where talented students' expertise could be used in coaching, received excellent feedback because of the better interaction.
Flipping 2.0 : practical strategies for flipping your class
Blended learning and online tutoring : a good practice guide
"So much more  than just a web course"
Towards more effective open and distance teaching
The passion to learn : an inquiry into autodidactism
Virtuality and digital nomadism : an introduction to the LIVE Project (1997-2000)
Foundations of distance education
Introducing a collaborative network-based learning environment into foreign language and business communication teaching : action research in Finnish higher education
Staff development in open and flexible learning
"State-of-the-art" review specification : CMC techniques as applicable to the support of open and distance learning and the specification of appropriate tools for use in SCHEMA
Blended learning design in vocational teacher education
Blended learning in Finland
Compressed video learning : creating active learners
Learning and teaching in distance education : pedagogical analyses and interpretations in an international perspective
Engaging hybrid and blended learning in higher education
Blended learning and online tutoring : planning learner support and activity design
Information technology and the future of post-secondary education
Individual preferences in e-learning
Open and distance learning today
A language didactic case study of multiform teaching and studying of Swedish at Helsinki University Langaueg Centre.
The open learning handbook : promoting quality in designing and delivering flexible learning
Shifting borders : globalisation, localisation and open and distance education
Encyclopedia of distance learning
Technology, open learning and distance education
Flexible learning in a digital world : experiences and expectations
Preparing for blended e-learning
Adult learning and technology in OECD countries : proceedings of a Round Table held in Philadelphia, United States on 14-16 February 1996.
Reaching learners through telecommunications : management and leadership strategies for higer education
Supporting the learner in open and distance learning
Rethinking pedagogy for digital age : designing and delivering e-learning
Telelearning via the Internet
The blended learning book : best practices, proven methodologies, and lessons learned
Studying at a distance : a guide for students
Abstract : The purpose of this thesis was to improve the SAMK blended learning process as a whole by finding possible enhancements for the practicalities of distance learning in the BME programme.   The theoretical background related to continuous learning, knowledge sharing in virtual teams and technology based teaching & learning as well as the concept of blended learning are discussed as viewpoints to distance learning. Also examples of blended learning implementations in three different educational institutions are briefly presented.   The implementation of blended learning in Satakunta University of Applied Sciences is considered by looking at its elements, constructivism as the pedagogic approach and Jasu-Kuusisto & Mattila model as the implementation guide. The blended learning solutions in the BME programme are discussed as well.   In the inductive qualitative research the data was gathered by using a semi-structured e-interview. The answers to the e-interview questions were analyzed according to grounded theory and recursive abstraction methods. Based on the findings of the preliminary analysis an additional question was sent to the respondents of the e-interview. The answers to the additional question were analyzed using diligent interpretation in order to gain deeper understanding.   The analysis yielded six primary findings indicating common satisfaction in the functions of the library and the other supportive offices, mixed feelings about the contact sessions and discontent of absences and unreachability of programme participants in general. Another three related findings not in the scope of the e-interview were discovered and utilized in the research, typical for the process of an inductive research.   The findings combined with diligent interpretation of the answers were used as a basis for 16 recommendations regarding the blended learning implementation in the SAMK BME programme. While two of the recommendations suggest keeping the supportive offices and the use of email and Moodle as they are, the rest of the recommendations suggest changes in the existing practices, or implementation of completely new approaches. While some of the suggested changes can be implemented immediately with a single decision, others require planning of larger changes in the BME programme structure.   Despite the low answering percentage in the research, the study has reached its target of suggesting improvements in the overall model of blended learning in Satakunta University of Applied Sciences.
Spotlight on technology in education
Exploring open and distance learning
Implementing flexible learning
