http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p105 listening habits
listening habits
The making of American audiences : from stage to television, 1750-1990
Musical listening in the age of technological reproduction
Joukkoviestimet 2006 = Finnish mass media
Finnish mass media. 1999.
Listen to this! : leading musicians recommend their favorite recordings
Discovering great music : a new listener's guide to the top classical composers and their masterworks on CDs, LPs and tapes
Music in the moment
Popular music. 4, Performers and audiences
How music works : a listener's guide to the science and psychology of beautiful sounds
Joukkoviestimet 2000 = Finnish mass media
Sound in the age of mechanical reproduction
Study and listening guide for Concise history of Western music by Barbara Russano Hanning and Norton Anthology of Western music, fifth edition, edited by J. Peter Burkholder and Claude V. Palisca
The great transformation of musical taste : concert programming from Haydn to Brahms
European studies in ethnomusicology : historical developments and recent trends : selected papers presented at the VIIth European Seminar in Ethnomusicology, Berlin, October 1-6, 1990
A music learning theory for newborn and young children
Through music to the self : how to appreciate and experience music anew
The global jukebox : the international music industry
The art of listening : developing musical perception
Mind models : new forms of musical experience
Active listening to music through dramatization and instrumental play. Volume 1
Shut up and listen! : Women and local radio: a view from the inside
In what ways does listening to music shape everyday perception? Is music particularly effective in promoting shifts in consciousness? Is there any difference perceptually between contemplating one's surroundings and experiencing a work of art?
Portable music & its functions
Music style preference: a ranking of musical styles and comparison by age, gender, music training, and rural, suburban, or urban upbringing
Children's media barometer 2010 : the use of media among 0-8-year-olds in Finland
Active listening to music through dramatization and instrumental play. Volume 2
Everyday music listening : absorption, dissociation and trancing
Ear training for the body : a dancer's guide to music
Musical listening in the German Enlightenment : attention, wonder and astonishment
From metal to Mozart : the rock and roll guide to classical music
Interpreting audiences : the ethnography of media consumption
Children's media barometer 2010 : the use of media among 0-8-year-olds in Finland : an English summary of the original Finnish report
Culture of the everyday : leisure and cultural participation in 1981 and 1991
Studying popular music culture
The Oxford handbook of children's musical cultures
The long-player goodbye : the album from vinyl to iPod and back again
Everyday music listening is the first book to focus in depth on the detailed nature of music listening episodes as lived mental experiences. Ruth Herbert uses new empirical data to explore the psychological processes involved in everyday music listening scenarios, charting interactions between music, perceiver and environment in a diverse range of real-world contexts. Findings are integrated with insights from a broad range of literature, including consciousness studies and research into altered states of consciousness, as well as ideas from ethology and evolutionary psychology, suggesting that a psychobiological capacity for trancing is linked to the origins of making and receiving of art.
Aural matters : A student's guide to aural perception at advanced level
Music in everyday life
On repeat : how music plays the mind
The pleasure of modernist music : listening, meaning, intention, ideology
Audience research review 1995
Tuned out : why Americans under 40 don't follow the news
Musical listening habits of college students in Finland, Slovenia, South Africa, and Texas : similarities and differences
Radio in the digital age
Public service radio programming for minority language audience(s) in a competitive market : the case of the Swedish-speaking minority in Finland
Musicking : the meanings of performing and listening
Summary: Development of the mass media in Finland.
This fascinating study brings together research and theory from a wide range of fields to provide a new framework for understanding the phenomenology of music listening in a way that will appeal to both specialist academic audiences and a broad general readership.
The term 'trance' is not generally associated with music listening outside ethnomusicological studies of strong experiences, yet 'hypnotic-like' involvements in daily life have long been recognized by hypnotherapy researchers. The author argues that multiply distributed attention - prevalent in much contemporary listening- does not necessarily indicate superficial engagement. Music emerges as a particularly effective mediator of experience. Absorption and dissociation, as manifestations of trancing, are self-regulatory processes, often operating at the level of unconscious awareness, that support individuals' perceptions of psychological health.
The world of music
Active listening to music through dramatization and instrumental play. Volume 3
The dynamics of musical expectancy : cross-cultural and statistical approaches to melodic expectations
Yle serving its audiences : summary of 1998 audience research
Summary.
The Oxford Handbook of Children's Musical Cultures is a compendium of perspectives on children and their musical engagements as singers, dancers, players, and avid listeners. Over the course of 35 chapters, contributors from around the world provide an interdisciplinary enquiry into the musical lives of children in a variety of cultures, and their role as both preservers and innovators of music. Drawing on a wide array of fields from ethnomusicology and folklore to education and developmental psychology, the chapters presented in this handbook provide windows into the musical enculturation, education, and training of children, and the ways in which they learn, express, invent, and preserve music.
The music between us : is music a universal language?
Listen to this
Joukkoviestimet 2002 = Finnish mass media
What jazz is : an insider's guide to understanding and listening to jazz
Radio in the global age
Music and emotion : theory and research
Children's media barometer 2011 : media use among 7-11-year-old children and their experiences on media education : an english summary of the original Finnish report
Fans, feminisms and 'quality' media
Ratings analysis : theory and practice
LISTENING TO JAZZ
1000 songs to change your life
In what ways does listening to music shape everyday perception? Is music particularly effective in promoting shifts in consciousness? Is there any difference perceptually between contemplating one's surroundings and experiencing a work of art? "Everyday Music Listening" is the first book to focus in-depth on the detailed nature of music listening episodes as lived mental experiences. Ruth Herbert uses new empirical data to explore the psychological processes involved in everyday music listening scenarios, charting interactions between music, perceiver and environment in a diverse range of real-world contexts. Findings are integrated with insights from a broad range of literature, including consciousness studies and research into altered states of consciousness, as well as ideas from ethnology and evolutionary psychology suggesting that a psychobiological capacity for trancing is linked to the origins of making and receiving of art. The term 'trance' is not generally associated with music listening outside ethnomusicological studies of strong experiences; yet 'hypnotic-like' involvements in daily life have long been recognized by hypnotherapy researchers. The author argues that multiply distributed attention - prevalent in much contemporary listening-does not necessarily indicate superficial engagement. Music emerges as a particularly effective mediator of experience. Absorption and dissociation, as manifestations of trancing, are self-regulatory processes, often operating at the level of unconscious awareness, that support an individual perception of psychological health. This fascinating study brings together research and theory from a wide range of fields to provide a new framework for understanding the phenomenology of music listening in a way that will appeal to both specialist academic audiences and a broad general readership.
Of Mozart, parrots and cherry blossoms in the wind : a composer explores mysteries of the musical mind
Norske lytter- og seervaner = Radio listening and television viewing in Norway
Living stereo : histories and cultures of multichannel sound
The mobility of radio listening : the transition of radio as a medium and its significance to listeners in Finland
Joukkoviestimet 1998 = Finnish mass media
Absolute music, mechanical reproduction
What to listen for in music
Every song ever : twenty ways to listen to music now
A century of recorded music : listening to musical history
Listening to recorded music : habits and motivation among high-school students
Music with the under-fours
The future of music : manifesto for the digital music revolution
The music instinct : how music works and why we can't do without it
