http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1058 substance
substance
Aristotle's theory of material substance : heat and pneuma, form and soul
Phenomenology of spirit
Substance : its nature and existence
Substance and predication in Aristotle
Sense and contradiction : a study in Aristotle
Aristotle on artifacts : a metaphysical puzzle
Self and substance in Leibniz
Analytical metaphysics : a collection of essays. Vol. 4, Particulars, actuality, and identity over time
Since its publication in 1677, Spinoza's Ethics has fascinated philosophers, novelists, and scientists alike. It is undoubtedly one of the most exciting and contested works of Western philosophy. Written in an austere, geometrical fashion, the work teaches us how we should live, ending with an ethics in which the only thing good in itself is understanding. Spinoza argues that only that which hinders us from understanding is bad and shows that those endowed with a human mind should devote themselves, as much as they can, to a contemplative life. This Companion volume provides a detailed, accessible exposition of the Ethics. Written by an internationally known team of scholars, it is the first anthology to treat the whole of the Ethics and is written in an accessible style.
Hegel's Phenomenology of spirit : a critical guide
Familiar objects and their shadows
Logic and reality in Leibniz's metaphysics
Wittgenstein's Tractatus : a critical exposition of its main lines of thought
Philosophy of Benedict de Spinoza
Substance and separation in Aristotle
Personal agency : the metaphysics of mind and action
Part of nature : self-knowledge in Spinoza's Ethics
Leibniz's new system (1695)
Form, matter, and mixture in Aristotle
The democracy of objects
Pierre Bayle's Cartesian metaphysics : rediscovering early modern philosophy
Accident : a philosophical and literary history
Don't be such a scientist : talking substance in an age of style
The ontology of substance and the question of individuality in Spinoza's metaphysics
Leibniz's "new system" and associated contemporary texts
Spinoza's Ethics and On the correction of the understanding
Sameness and substance
The Cambridge companion to Spinoza's Ethics
Human nature : the categorial framework
Problems from Locke
Leibniz on substances and material things
Kantian humility : our ignorance of things in themselves
Brentano and Meinong studies
Aristotle's theory of substance : the Categories and Metaphysics Zeta
Spinoza's geometry of power
Theology and intelligibility
The four-category ontology : a metaphysical foundation for natural science
Why hasn't everything already disappeared?
The ontological criteria of reality : a study of Bradley and McTaggart
John Locke and personal identity : immortality and bodily resurrection in seventeenth-century philosophy
On clear and confused ideas : an essay about substance concepts
Sameness and substance renewed
E.J. Lowe defends a common-sense view of ourselves as free agents, capable of bringing about changes in the world through the choices we make, rather than being caused to act as we do by factors external to our will.
"Most contemporary metaphysicians are sceptical about the reality of familiar objects such as dogs and trees, people and desks, cells and stars. They prefer an ontology of the spatially tiny or temporally tiny. Tiny microparticles 'dog-wise arranged' explain the appearance, they say, that there are dogs; microparticles obeying microphysics collectively cause anything that a baseball appears to cause; temporal stages collectively sustain the illusion of enduring objects that persist across changes. Crawford L. Elder argues that all such attempts to 'explain away' familiar objects project downwards, onto the tiny entities, structures and features of familiar objects themselves. He contends that sceptical metaphysicians are thus employing shadows of familiar objects, while denying that the entities which cast those shadows really exist. He argues that the shadows are indeed really there, because their sources - familiar objects - are mind-independently real"-- Provided by publisher.
The substance of Spinoza
Aristotle
From an ontological point of view
Substance and individuation in Leibniz
Commentary on Aristotle's Metaphysics
Subjects of experience
Aristotle's Metaphysics
Hegel's Phenomenology. Part 1, Analysis and commentary
Metaphysics : a contemporary introduction
A metaphysics for the mob : the philosophy of George Berkeley
