http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10509 municipal division
municipal division
Economic theory and social justice
Productive men, reproductive women : the agrarian household and the emergence of separate spheres in the German Enlightenment
Labour and inequality : sixteen Fabian essays
Local and regional reform processes in Norden
Social class and the division of labour : essays in honour of Ilya Neustadt
Family (versus) policy : combining work and care in Russia and Sweden
Inequality and public policy in China
Émile Durkheim : critical assessments. Vol. 2
The economics of inequality, poverty, and discrimination in the 21st century / Robert S. Rycroft, editor. Volume II, Solutions
Beyond mechanization : work and technology in a postindustrial age
Alueluokitukset = Regionala indelningar = Regional classifications handbook. Kunnat 1.9.1997 = Kommunerna 1.9.1997 = Municipalities 1.9.1997
A major new manifesto for a high-tech future free from work  Neoliberalism isn't working. Austerity is forcing millions into poverty and many more into precarious work, while the left remains trapped in stagnant political practices that offer no respite.  Inventing the Future is a bold new manifesto for life after capitalism. Against the confused understanding of our high-tech world by both the right and the left, this book claims that the emancipatory and future-oriented possibilities of our society can be reclaimed. Instead of running from a complex future, Nick Srnicek and Alex Williams demand a postcapitalist economy capable of advancing standards, liberating humanity from work and developing technologies that expand our freedoms.
The economics of inequality, poverty, and discrimination in the 21st century / Robert S. Rycroft, editor. Volume I, Causes
The division of labour in post-industrial societies
Class at work : the design, allocation and control of jobs
Determinants of profit sharing in the Finnish corporate sector
Inequality in Africa : political elites, proletariat, peasants and the poor
Regions of the Baltic states
The myth of the strong leader : political leadership in modern politics
Ideas of difference : social spaces and the labour of division
Work and wealth : a human valuation
Suomen asutuksen yleisluettelon opas : en handledning = The general register of settlement in Finland : An introduction in Finnish and Swedish = Generalregistret över bosättningen i Finland
Power, labor, and livelihood : processes of change in rural Java
The division of labour in society
Class inequality in austerity Britain : power, difference and suffering
A short history of distributive justice
Inequality and transformation of social structures in transitional economies
Super rich : the rise of inequality in Britain and the United States
Structural adjustment : the SAPRI report : the policy roots of economic crisis, poverty, and inequality
Alueluokitukset = Regionala indelningar = Regional classifications handbook. Kunnat 1998 = Kommunerna 1998 = Municipalities 1998.
The structure of socialist society
Cross-class families : a study of wives' occupational superiority
Plebs and Princeps
The new social economy : reworking the division of labor
The solidarist ideology in turn-of-the-century France : is it an adequate justification of the modern welfare state?
Power and privilege : a theory of social stratification
Total capitalism : market politics, market state
Inequality : What everyone needs to know
Allocation of law enforcement authority in the international system : proceedings of an international symposium of the Kiel Institute of International Law, March 23 to 25, 1994
Economic justice : selected readings
Fairness, responsibility, and welfare
Inequality reexamined
Production income and welfare : the search for an optimal social order
Class politics in the information age
The Swedish local government act
Post-Keynesian economics : debt, distribution and the macro economy
Egalitarianism and the generation of inequality
Abu Dhabi : oil and beyond
American inequality : a macroeconomic history
"Are you fed up with the status quo? Do you ask yourself why 1% of the world owns nearly half the wealth? Are you appalled that in a year of recession, banker's bonuses rose by around 64%? Does it anger you that multi-million dollar corporations pay hardly any tax? Do you trust your government? Always insightful, irreverent but funny, Russell Brand is asking the questions the public wants answered. This is his call to arms. This is Russell Brand's Revolution". Provided by publisher.
The debate on the origins of modern gender norms continues unabated across the academic disciplines. This book adds an important and hitherto neglected dimension. Focusing on rural life and its values, the author argues that the modern ideal of separate spheres originated in the era of the Enlightenment. Prior to the eighteenth century, cultural norms prescribed active,interdependent economic roles for both women and men. Enlightenment economists transformed these gender paradigms as they postulated a market exchange system directed exclusively by men. By the early nineteenth century, the emerging bourgeois value system affirmed the new civil society and the market place as exclusively male realms. These standards defined women's options largely as marriage and motherhood.
This important interdisciplinary volume explores feminist approaches to institutional design and reshaping. It looks at the scope for ensuring that Australian institutions acknowledge gender difference and deliver more equitable outcomes. It shows how gendered regulatory norms underpin and intersect with all other institutional settings. The leading team of writers discusses topics including: institutions, embodiment and sexual difference; the welfare state; housing policy; household work; republicanism and citizenship; and gender-based discrimination.
Power, production and social reproduction : human in/security in the global political economy
Models of democracy
Mondragon : an economic analysis
Communist and transitory income distribution and social structure in the Czech Republic
Inequality and poverty re-examined
"Argues that power is changing, becoming harder to use and easier to lose. All leaders have less power than their predecessors and the potential for upheaval is unprecedented. The antiestablishment drive of micropowers can topple tyrants, dislodge monopolies and open remarkable new opportunities but it can also lead to chaos." --Publisher's description.
Income distribution effects from local public expenditures in the Swedish municipalities
Portrait of the regions. Volume 4, Austria, Finland, Sweden, Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway, Switzerland
Summary and conclusions (s. 1-14).
Women and the state : the shifting boundaries of public and private
The good society : the humane agenda
The division of labor in society
Capitalists, workers, and fiscal policy : a classical model of growth and distribution
Handbook on social stratification in the BRIC countries : change and perspective
Gender and institutions : welfare, work and citizenship
This land is their land : reports from a divided nation
The end of power : from boardrooms to battlefields and churches to states, why being in charge isn't what it used to be
Global productions : labor in the making of the "information society"
Labour market exclusion, income distribution and poverty : summary of the working group report
Summary (s. 11-12): Local and regional reform processes in Norden.
Regional institutions and development policies in Finland
The division of labour : the labour process and class-struggle in modern capitalism
Inventing the future : postcapitalism and a world without work
Just democracy : the Rawls-Machiavelli programme
Social justice : strategies for national renewal : the report of the Commission on Social Justice
The rocky road to reform : adjustment, income distribution, and growth in the developing world
Inequality and the state
On the political economy of municipality break-ups
