http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10505 open-air museums
open-air museums
Beamish : the North of England Open Air Museum
Vernacular architecture at the Estonian Open-Air Museum : catalogue
Seurasaari open-air museum and conservation of the museum building collection
The Symposium "Organization of open-air ethnographic museums - principles and methods" : Bucharest, September 7-15 1966 : papers
Tourism, museums and the local economy : the economic impact of the North of England Open Air Museum at Beamish
Den Gamle By : a window into the past
The Folk Architecture Museum, The Ethnographic Park in Olsztynek = Musée de la construction populaire, Park ethnographique de Olsztynek
Freilichtmuseen und Denkmalpflege : Tagungsbericht 1978 = Open air museums and the preservation of monuments : report of the conference 1978
Open air museums : the history and future of a visionary idea
On the future of open air museums
Tagungsbericht = Conference report : 2005
The Luostarinmäki Handicrafts Museum : guide book
Tagungsbericht des Verbandes europäischer Freilichtmuseen. 1995, 17th annual conference of European open air museum
The museum of the Hungarian village at Szentendre : a guided tour around the open air ethnographic museum of Szentendre
The value of an archaeological open-air museum is in its use : understanding archaeological open-air museums and their visitors
Williamsburg in colour
Tagungsberichte. 1988 : Tagungsbericht Meiringen = Report of the conference
The Seurasaari Open-Air Museum : guide
Zaonež'e : muzej-zapovednik pod otkrytym nebom = Zaonezhye : museum of wooden architecture in the open air
Light and shadow : the President's report
Tagungsbericht 1974 = Report of the conference 1974
Olivetti builds : modern architecture in Ivrea : guide to the Open Air Museum
Regional units of the Open Air Museum. 1, Upper Tisza region
Museums of the world. 2, Sweden - Zimbabwe, Indices
Dendrochronological dating of six buildings from Jan Karlsgården open-air museum and master chronology for the Åland Islands
Metsänhavaintoasema : Kirishiman ulkomuseo, Japani = Forest observatory : Kirishma Open Air Museum, Japan
A short guide to the Open-air Museum on Seurasaari
Tagungsbericht. 1980, Tagungabericht [i.e. Tagungsbericht] Oslo : Reali[t]ät und Museum : Kommerzialiserungstendenzen : Neue Konservierungstechniken = Report of the conference : Reality and museum : Tendencies of commercialisation : New conservation techniques
Skansen : traditional Swedish style
Museums of the world. Volume 1, Afghanistan - Tanzania
Museum of Folk Technology : guide book
About some problems of the preservation of monuments in situ = Über einige Probleme der Erhaltung von Baudenkmalen in situ
"This book provides a critical interpretation of the rich and unique architectural patrimony in Ivrea, a small city in North-West Italy that is the home of Olivetti, the typewriter manufacturing company famous throughout the world. As a guide to the open air Museum of modern architecture in Ivrea (Maam-Ivrea), the text describes the events resulting from Adriano Olivetti and the Olivetti company's commitment to architecture and town planning from the 1930's until the modern day. From the mid-1930's, indeed, Olivetti launched a process of renewal of industrial production - making referral to developments and product distribution policies from abroad - that was also linked to the reorganization of the local district and its landscape. In the period after World War II, this process and the publication of a book written by Adriano Olivetti, L'Ordine politico delle comunita (The political order of the communities) had a direct bearing on the organisation of the company and led to the creation of a political movement, the Community Movement." "The book provides the reader with a detailed description of the Olivetti company and the individuals who made its history, of the project to reorganise the district through architecture and town planning schemes, of the image of the company and its products, and of the role played by architecture in the attempt to build a manufacturing community characterised by the integration of production and services."--BOOK JACKET.
Exhibition of old saunas : Sauna Village, Muurame, Finland
MUSEUMS OF ETHNOGRAPHIC-SOCIOLOGICAL NATURE IN ROMANIA = MUZEE CU CARACTER ETNOGRAFIC-SOCIOLOGIC DIN ROMANIA
Möödunud aegade rajad Eesti vabaõhumuuseumis = Paths of bygone times : Estonian Open Air Museum
Latvijas etnogrāfiskajā brīvdabas muzejā = In the Latvian ethnographic open-air museum
I was an inhabitant of Seurasaari : the connection between culture and ecotourism in Seurasaari Open-Air Museum in 2002.
A few words about us, Estonians : the Estonian Open Air Museum
Museums of the world. 1, Afghanistan - Swaziland
Museums of the world. Volume 2, Thailand - Zimbabwe, Indices
Tagungsberichte. 2001 : 20th Conference of the Association of European Open Air Museums : Hungary 19th to 20th August 2001 = 20. Konferenz de Verbandes Europäischer Freilichtmuseen : Ungarn 19. bis 26.8.2001 = 20 iéme conférence Lȧassociation des Musées de Plein Air Européens : Hongrie 19 au 26 aout 2001
A short guide to the Open-air museum on Seurasaari
Seurasaari : the outdoor museum : guide
Dansk Folkemuseum & Frilandsmuseet : history & activities
The village of living history : from ideas through changes to realisation : summary
America's Williamsburg
Dansk folkemuseum & Frilandsmuseet : history & activities. Axel Steensberg in honour of his 60th birthday, 1st June 1966.
Open-air museums in Poland
Sóstói Múzeumfalu = Open air museum of Sóstó = Sóstóer Freiluftsmuseum : Guide book = Museumsführer
The Finn Creek Open Air Museum, New York Mills, Minnesota
Privatisation and commercialisation of open air museums: opportunity of threat? : report of the meeting of a special working group of the Association of European Open Air Museums at Arnhem, 14 and 15 January 1993 : Tagungsbericht einer speziellen Arbeitsgruppe des Verbandes europäischer Freilichtmuseen in Arnheim am 14. und 15. Januar 1993 = Privatisierung und Kommerzialisierung von Freilichtmuseen: eine Chance oder eine Bedrohung?
Moesgård - A new museum of cultural history
Report of the 21st Conference : September 2003
Skansen : buildings and animals : a short guide for visitors
Latvijas Etnografiskaja brivdabas muzeja = V Latvijskom etnograficeskom muzee pod otkrytym nebom = In the Latvian Ethonographic Open-air Museum
The Estonian open-air museum
Verband europäischer Freilichtmuseen Tagungsbericht. 1982, Ungarn : 25 Jahre ICOM-Deklaration über Freilichtmuseen = 25 years of ICOM-declaration about open air museums
Tagungsberichte. 2002, Arbeitstagung des Verbandes Europäischer Freilichtmuseen, Kroatien : 04. bis 07. September 2002 = Working Sessions of the Association of European Open Air Museums, Croatia : 4th to 7th September 2002 = Conférence de travail de l'Association des musées de plein air européens, Croatie : 4 au 7 septembre 2002
Arbeitstagung des Verbandes Europäischer Freilichtmuseen, Kroatien : 04. bis 07. September 2002 = Working session of the Association of European Open Air Museums, Croatia : 4th to 7th September 2002 = Conférence de travail de l'Association des musées de plein air européens, Croatie : 4 au 7 septembre 2002
Ètnografičeskij muzej pod otkrytym nebom v Kozmodem'ânske = Ethnographic museum in the open air in Kozmodemyansk
Seurasaari : kuvakirja ulkomuseosta = the Open-Air Museum in pictures
The Seurasaari open-air museum was established in 1909, when the first group of 13 buildings, The Niemelä tenant farm from Central Finland, was relocated to Seurasaari. Today, the open-air museum includes 89 separate buildings acquired comprehensively throughout Finland for the collection. The buildings represent various social classes and typical examples of wood architecture from the 17th to the 20th centuries. A four-member building conservation working group works with the Seurasaari museum buildings all year long. The work is based on an in-depth understanding of the history of the buildings, the traditional materials and building techniques as well as following the international principles of conservation and museum work. The tools required for preserving the buildings are research, preventive conservation, technical conservation and restoration.
Guide : Westphalian Open Air Museum Detmold, Museum of Rural History and Culture
Avoncroft Museum of Buildings
There are about 300 archaeological open-air museums in Europe, which do more than simply present (re)constructed outdoor sceneries based on archaeology. They have an important role as education facilities and many showcase archaeology in a variety of ways. This research assesses the value of archaeological open-air museums, their management and their visitors, and is the first to do so in such breadth and detail. After a literature study and general data collection among 199 of such museums in Europe, eight archaeological open-air museums from different countries were selected as case studies. Management and visitors have different perspectives leading to different priorities and appreciation levels. The studies conclude with recommendations, ideas and strategies which are applicable not just to the eight archaeological open-air museums under study, but to any such museum in general. The recommendations are divided into the six categories of management, staff, collections, marketing, interpretation and the visitors.
Archaeological site museums in Latin America
The Seurasaari Open-Air Museum
Tagungsberichte. 1986 : Tagungsbericht Polen = Report of the conference
Colonial Williamsburg : official guidebook
Lietuvos kaimo muziejus = the Lithuanian open air museum
Tagungsbericht. 1988. Tagungsbericht Meiringen : Arten von Freilichtmuseen : Freilichtmuseen weltweit : Freilichtmuseen und Tourismus = Report of the conference : Types of open-air museums : International open-air museums : Open-air museums and tourism
