http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10536 republicanism
republicanism
The CNT in the Spanish Revolution. 1
Hobbes and republican liberty
A classical republican in eighteenth-century France : the political thought of Mably
Republicanism in Ireland : confronting theories and traditions
Soft despotism, democracy's drift : Montesquieu, Rousseau, Tocqueville & the modern prospect
Abstract: Republican political philosophy as a philosophy of right : Rousseau and Hegel.
The republic of Britain, 1760-2000
Milton and republicanism
Machiavelli and the modern state : the prince, the discourses on Livy, and the extended territorial republic
Barricades : the war of the streets in revolutionary Paris, 1830-1848
Adam Ferguson in the Scottish enlightenment : the Roman past and Europe's future
Andrew Marvell : the chameleon
Greed and control : the history and content of the international anti-mercenary norm
The monarchical republic of early Modern England : essays in response to Patrick Collinson
Shakespeare and republicanism
Republicanism : a theory of freedom and government
The Jacobin republic under fire : the Federalist Revolt in the French Revolution
Ireland in the new century : politics, culture and identity
Guardians of republicanism : the Valori family in the Florentine Renaissance
The republic unsettled : Muslim French and the contradictions of secularism
The virtue of the citizen : Jean-Jacques Rousseau's republicanism in the eighteenth-century French context
Globalisation and democracy
The idea of the republic
The legacy of the French Revolutionary Wars : the nation-in-arms in French republican memory
Restoration of the republic : the Jeffersonian ideal in 21st-century America
French revolutionaries and English republicans : the Cordeliers Club, 1790-1794
Thomas Jefferson and the politics of nature
Jeffersonian America
Ireland and Scotland : literature and culture, state and nation, 1966-2000
The apocalyptic politics of Richard Price and Joseph Priestley : a study in late eighteenth century English republican millennialism
Violent London : 2000 years of riots, rebels, and revolts
The young Turk legacy and nation building : from the Ottoman Empire to Atatürk's Turkey
Republicans : essays on eighteenth-century Dutch political thought
An analysis of the concept of citizenship : legal, political and social dimensions
Imperial republics : revolution, war, and territorial expansion from the English Civil War to the French Revolution
On the people's terms : a republican theory and model of democracy
Republicanism and political theory
Stability without statehood : lessons from Europe's history before the sovereign state
The republican moment : struggles for democracy in nineteenth-century France
In 1989, the Cold War abruptly ended and it seemed as if the world was at last safe for democracy. But a spirit of uneasiness, discontent, and world-weariness soon arose and has persisted in Europe, America, and elsewhere for two decades. To discern the meaning of this malaise we must investigate the nature of liberal democracy, says the author of this provocative book, and he undertakes to do so through a detailed investigation of the thinking of Montesquieu, Rousseau, and Tocqueville.Paul A. Rahe argues that these political thinkers anticipated the modern liberal republic's propensity to drift in the direction of 'soft despotism', a condition that arises within a democracy when paternalistic state power expands and gradually undermines the spirit of self-government. Such an eventuality, feared by Tocqueville in the nineteenth century, has now become a reality throughout the European Union, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, and the United States, so Rahe asserts, and he explains what must be done to reverse this unfortunate trend.
A laboratory of liberty : the transformation of political culture in republican Switzerland, 1750-1848
Intellectual founders of the Republic : five studies in nineteenth-century French republican political thought
Machiavelli's liberal republican legacy
The terror of natural right : republicanism, the cult of nature, and the French Revolution
Republicanism : a shared European heritage. Vol. 2, The values of republicanism in early modern Europe
Contentious republicans : popular politics, race, and class in nineteenth-century Colombia
The life of Roman republicanism
Scripture politics : Ulster Presbyterians and Irish radicalism in the late eighteenth century
Perspectives on English revolutionary republicanism
The Republican Party : 1854-1966
Citizens and citoyens : republicans and liberals in America and France
Commercial republicanism in the Dutch Golden Age : the political thought of Johan & Pieter de la Court
Rhetoric and public speech in English republicanism 1642-1681
Abstract: Order or autonomy? The concept of power in the Finnish constitutional debate of 1918.
Natural right - the idea that there is a collection of laws and rights based not on custom or belief but that are "natural" in origin - is typically associated with liberal politics and freedom. But during the French Revolution, this tradition was interpreted to justify the most repressive actions of the violent period known as the Terror." "In The Terror of Natural Right, Dan Edelstein argues that the revolutionaries used the natural right concept of the "enemy of the human race" - an individual who has transgressed the laws of nature and must be executed without judicial formalities - to authorize three-quarters of the deaths during the Terror. But the significance of the natural right did not end with its legal application. Edelstein argues that the Jacobins shared a political philosophy that he calls "natural republicanism," which assumed the natural state of society was a republic and that natural right provided its only acceptable laws. Ultimately, he argues that what we call the Terror was in fact only one facet of the republican theory that prevailed from Louis's trial until the fall of Robespierre." "A work of historical analysis, political theory, literary criticism, and intellectual history, The Terror of Natural Right challenges prevailing assumptions of the Terror to offer a new perspective on the Revolutionary period.
The philosophy and politics of Bruno Bauer
"Republicanism and imperialism are typically understood to be located at opposite ends of the political spectrum. In Imperial Republics, Edward G. Andrew challenges the supposed incompatibility of these theories with regard to seventeenth- and eighteenth-century revolutions in England, the United States, and France.
"This book offers a significant reinterpretation of the history of republican political thought and of Niccolo Machiavelli's place within it. It locates Machiavelli's political thought within enduring debates about the proper size of republics. From the sixteenth century onward, as states grew larger, it was believed only monarchies could govern large territories effectively. Republicanism was a form of government relegated to urban city-states, anachronisms in the new age of the territorial state. For centuries, history and theory were in agreement: constructing an extended republic was as futile as trying to square the circle; but then James Madison devised a compound representative republic that enabled popular government to take on renewed life in the modern era. This work argues that Machiavelli had his own Madisonian impulse and deserves to be recognized as the first modern political theorist to envision the possibility of a republic with a large population extending over a broad territory"--
Russia's first republican : the Decembrist Pavel Pestel
Gloryland : Christian suburbia, Christian nation
Queen liberty : the concept of freedom in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth
Many scholars have noted the influence of the Roman state on the ideology of republican revolutionaries, especially in the model it provided for transforming subordinate subjects into autonomous citizens. Andrew finds an equally important parallel between Rome's expansionary dynamic - in contrast to that of Athens, Sparta, or Carthage - and the imperial rivalries that emerged between the United States, France, and England in the age of revolutions. Imperial Republics is a sophisticated, wide-ranging examination of the intellectual origins of republican movements, and explains why revolutionaries felt the need to 'don the toga' in laying the foundation for their own uprisings."--pub. desc.
Against throne and altar : Machiavelli and political theory under the English Republic
Although overshadowed by his contemporaries Adam Smith and David Hume, the Scottish philosopher Adam Ferguson strongly influenced eighteenth-century currents of political thought. A major reassessment of this neglected figure, Adam Ferguson in the Scottish Enlightenment: The Roman Past and Europe’s Future sheds new light on Ferguson as a serious critic, rather than an advocate, of the Enlightenment belief in liberal progress. Unlike the philosophes who looked upon Europe’s growing prosperity and saw confirmation of a utopian future, Ferguson saw something else: a reminder of Rome’s lesson that egalitarian democracy could become a self-undermining path to dictatorship. Ferguson viewed the intrinsic power struggle between civil and military authorities as the central dilemma of modern constitutional governments. He believed that the key to understanding the forces that propel nations toward tyranny lay in analysis of ancient Roman history. It was the alliance between popular and militaristic factions within the Roman republic, Ferguson believed, which ultimately precipitated its downfall. Democratic forces, intended as a means of liberation from tyranny, could all too easily become the engine of political oppression—a fear that proved prescient when the French Revolution spawned the expansionist wars of Napoleon. As Iain McDaniel makes clear, Ferguson’s skepticism about the ability of constitutional states to weather pervasive conditions of warfare and emergency has particular relevance for twenty-first-century geopolitics. This revelatory study will resonate with debates over the troubling tendency of powerful democracies to curtail civil liberties and pursue imperial ambitions.
Republicanism and liberalism in America and the German states, 1750-1850
At the crossroads of empires : middlemen, social networks, and state-building in Republican Shanghai
Republicanism : a shared European heritage. Vol. 1, Republicanism and costitutionalism in early modern Europe
Then the walls came down : a prison journal
A history of modern France
Modern republicanism - distinguished from its classical counterpart by its commercial character and jealous distrust of those in power, by its use of representative institutions, and by its employment of a separation of powers and a system of checks and balances - owes an immense debt to the republican experiment conducted in England between 1649, when Charles I was executed, and 1660, when Charles II was crowned. Though abortive, this experiment left a legacy in the political science articulated both by its champions, John Milton, Marchamont Nedham, and James Harrington, and by its sometime opponent and ultimate supporter Thomas Hobbes. This volume examines these four thinkers, situates them with regard to the novel species of republicanism first championed more than a century before by Niccolo Machiavelli, and examines the debt that he and they owed the Epicurean tradition in philosophy and the political science crafted by the Arab philosophers Alfarabi, Avicenna, and Averroes.
The Republican Party 1854-1964
Noble conceptions of politics in eighteenth-century Sweden (ca 1740-1790)
John Milton, radical politics, and biblical republicanism
A political philosophy in public life : civic republicanism in Zapatero's Spain
The French Republic : history, values, debates
The Greek tradition in republican thought
The dominion of war : empire and liberty in North America, 1500-2000
The trouble with guns : republican strategy and the Provisional IRA
Redefining republicanism : a political perspective
Radicals : politics and republicanism in the French Revolution
The English Republican tradition and eighteenth-century France : between the ancients and the moderns
Towards Great Britain : commerce & conquest in the thought of Algernon Sidney and Charles Davenant
The virtue of the citizen : Jean-Jacques Rousseau's Republicanism in the eighteenth-century French context
"So you're a big spender ; that's all there is to it, Your're a big-government conservative" : persuasion strategies in the U.S. Republican primary election debates
Making democracy in the French Revolution
Spinoza and Dutch republicanism
Commonwealth
Against war and empire : Geneva, Britain, and France in the eighteenth century
