http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10582 World Wide Web
World Wide Web
Blogs, wikis, Facebook, and more : everything you want to know about using today's Internet but are afraid to ask
Unleashing Web 2.0 : from concepts to creativity
Professional JavaScript for Web developers
Web portfolio design and applications
Adopting web framework in Web-application development
Web hits! : creative and artistic sites from around the world wide web
Domino 5 Web programming with Java and JavaScript
Advanced ActionScript 3 with design patterns
Painting the Web
Pro Silverlight 4 in C#
Corporate online presence : a study of eight Finnish exporting companies' corporate websites
Beginning RSS and Atom programming
Web Technology of Electronic Commerce
Integrated marketing communications plan for online newspaper : case : ess.fi of Mediatalo Esa
E-commerce usability : tools and techniques to perfect the on-line experience
Java for dummies
Joomla! for dummies
Creating a web site in Dreamweaver CS4 : visual quickproject guide
The internet book : everything you need to know about computer networking and how the internet works
The Internet for scientists and engineers : online tools and resources
Dictionary of the World Wide Web
Hypermedia systems and applications : World Wide Web and beyond
Social Networks and the Working Life : design and development of a business oriented social network website for the Innowell project
Wordpress
Web site marketing effectiveness in cross-cultural contexts
Redesigning the web presence of an organization
How to program JavaBeans
Successful commercial website design
Creating a web site with Flash CS4 professional
Product Design for the web : principles of designing & releasing web products
THE ROLE OF A WEBSITE IN COMPANY MARKETING: Innoventum Oy strategies for entering the Irish ICT market.
Pogue's basics : essential tips and shortcuts (that no one bothers to tell you) for simplifying the technology in your life
Java : the complete reference, J2SE 5 edition
JavaScript programmer's reference
HTML 4  for the world wide web : visual quickstart guide
Putting your small business on the Web
Context-aware web service composition
Corba on the web
OPTIMISING THE WEB-PAGES CONCERNING THE INCOMING EXCHANGE STUDENTS TO KYMENLAAKSO UNIVERSITY OF APPLIED SCIENCES
A usability research of an innovative start-up company : case ReturnMe
Microsoft Office Frontpage 2003 : fast & easy
Herb Schildt's Java programming cookbook
Brilliant JavaScript
Brilliant Adobe Dreamweaver CS4
What is web design?
Customer support in the Internet
How to set up and maintain a Web site
Web 2.0 technologies and applications
Exam ref 70-480 : programming in HTML5 with JavaScript and CSS3
Christianity and digital culture : analysis of users' experiences of the christian social networking site in Taiwan - Walei
Perl, CGI, and JavaScript complete
This bachelor thesis is about how to study and integrate Bootstrap 3 into OpixManager. The purpose is to improve user interface of OpixManager application. OpixManager is constructed by using CodeIgniter and Model-View-Controller (MVC) framework. OpixManager application is for project management. It includes staff augmentation, customer management, report management and so on. It is to support both scrum and traditional software development process. There are two major parts included in this thesis work. The theoretical part is about studying what is responsive web design, and what components are included in Bootstrap 3. The author also study how OpixManager's CodeIgniter interrelates among the model, the view and the controller in the theoretical part. The theoretical framework gives the author knowledge how to integrate Bootstrap template to OpixManager's user interface. The empirical part is actual implementation and testing of template page, login page and home page as well as its link pages in OpixManager. Final results has been tested in cross-browser through local host server such as Mozilla Firefox, in Internet Explorer and in Chrome. I used Freelancer template's design in this thesis. Typography and color palette are balanced and modern. Navigation bar and grid system are responsive, they are squeezed onto a tiny mobile device or stretched onto a wide screen.
Clustering Techniques : A solution for e-business
Concept for a tryvertising web service
What the web can be
Utility of a Web Site
JavaScript by example
Penetration tester's open source toolkit
Internet made easy for the over 50s
Sams teach yourself HTML, CSS & Javascript web publishing in one hour a day
Internet marketing : how to get a website that works for your business
www.animation : animation design for the world wide web
Development of a blog system using CodeIgniter framework
Website creation
Development of a web site for and airline company
Silverlight 4 business intelligence software
Learn JavaScript in a weekend
Epica book 11
Staying safe online
Design your own website
Open systems and standards for software product development
PHP and MySQL: 24-Hour Trainer
Study and Integrate Bootstrap 3 for OpixManager
Web usability for dummies
JQuery for dummies
Guideline for companies: creating digital marketing communications plan
Search engine pptimization : all-in-one
Macromedia Flash MX 2004 for rich Internet applications
User interface design by applying theories of aesthetics
Session control using PHP and MySQL
Web and Cross-Platform Mobile application sharing same code base using modern web technologies
Web sites design and HTML standards
Online journalism : principles and practices of news for the Web
Abstract: The Fryske Akademy hosts the Mercator Research Centre, the Network of Schools, and the Mercator Network websites. They were originally developed on Plone® 'content management system' (CMS) platform which had been decided to be replaced by TYPO3® CMS. Additionally, the accessibility features were inadequate.    Little knowledge was available regarding the methodology of converting a Plone-based website to TYPO3 platform. Building up knowledge on this matter as well as clearly documenting the migration were the essential goals of this assignment.    All three Mercator websites were successfully migrated during the project. Achieving this positive outcome resulted from a comprehensive analysis of the initial circumstances, and from a determination to design a verified migration method.    The templates of all three websites were recreated by committing to W3C's Markup Validation, and accessibility was improved by following the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines. Additionally, the flexible template design allowed straight-forward implementation of “neat features” in the end. The Fryske Akademy went live on the new platform as of finishing the writing of this document.    This study teaches that while the actual content migration is merely a mechanical task, recreating existing website's template design under another CMS architecture and/or ideology can be challenging. Nonetheless, redesigning and upgrading an outdated CMS software is an opportunity for an organization to refresh their web presence, and furthermore, renew web editors' toolbox for content management..
The rough guide to the Internet
Letting go of the words : writing Web content that works
Head first JavaScript
Usability of web-based software products : usability evaluation methods and optimization techniques applied to web-based software
Applying responsive web design in a small business - case: Satakunnankadun sauna
Professional JavaScript for web developers
Joomla website project for Norsad Agency
Lean websites
Internet Marketing in Tourism : The quality of Helsinki City Tourism Bureau’s website from tourism perspective
PHP : for the world wide web
Software development for e-commerce web site and web-based sales management system
Lowfat : [A visual journey taking you to 96 hot motion graphics destination]
Internet marketing : acquisition process : case : www.flashgame4fun.com
Hypermedia & the Web : an engineering approach
Office 2010 web apps for dummies
Professional Web APIs with PHP : eBay, Google, PayPal, Amazon, FedEx plus Web feeds
SAMS Teach yourself  CSS in 24 hours
Blogging : genius strategies for instant web content
JavaScript and DHTML cookbookTM
Beginning JavaScript
Europa : an introduction to the European Union's server
This bachelor thesis is about Website development and design. I have a chance to work with Mc kalla Oy. Mc kalla Oy is a construction company from Kempele which was founded 2011. They have projects in Central-Finland, through Northern Finland to Lapland. This thesis is to develop and design a new website to Mc kalla Oy. Wordpress is used to develop the new website. For the development process I use school server (.opiskelijaprojektit.net). The Thesis contains two main parts designing the website layout and implementing the design. With meeting with the commissioner, I had a good understanding of their expectation. They are expecting, a website easy to maintenance and update. The new website is easy to navigate and has enough information. The new website contains photo galleries, videos, PDF files and music. The new website is connected with companies Facebook page. As the result of this thesis,www.mckalla.fi is available for Mc Kalla Oy customers. The website is accessible for any device which has internet connection. The website manages to fulfill all the Mc kalla Oy’s expectations. From my discussion with the commissioner, the commissioner is satisfied with the result.
Servlets and Javaserver pages : the J2EE technology web tier
Developing and design a website for mc kalla oy
Dark web : exploring and data mining the dark side of the web
Public Relations and the Social Web : how to use social media and web 2.0 in communications
Styling Web pages with CSS : Visual QuickProject Guide
500 simple website : hints, tips and tecniques : the easy, all-in-one guide to those inside secrets for building better websites
Sams teach yourself Active Server Pages in 24 hours
Developing a web-based forum system
HTML utopia : designing without tables using CSS
Webworks : exploring online design
History of the world wide web
Sams teach yourself CSS in 10 minutes
Migration and enhancement of Plone-based multilingual website to TYPO3 platform
Web site usability : handbook
Microsoft IIS 6.0 : administrator's pocket consultant
Jump start JavaScript
Wicked cool PHP : real-world scripts that solve difficult problems
Communicating design : developing web site documentation for design and planning
Consumer Preferences of Travel Web Content
Persuasive Digital Advertising in Online Advertisement : Case Company: MarkPrint Oy
JavaScript and Ajax : for the web
A/B Testing in Improving Conversion on a Website : Case: Sanoma Entertainment Oy
A cultural analysis of the visual signs in the Zapatistas websites
Learning Javascript
FWD this link : a rough guide to staying amused online when you should be working
User centered property website for Singapore markets : Case: Midnight Sun Software Services
Fluency with information technology : skills, concepts, & capabilities
PHP 5 unleashed
The web designer's idea book. Volume 3, inspiration from today's best web design trends, themes and styles / Patrick McNeil
"I Sid you not", "Raanta Claus" and "Getz the last laf" : punning wordplays in the news headlines of the National Hockey League's official website
Computer networking : a top-down approach
Hacking Firefox : more than 150 hacks, mods, and customizations
A web-based reservation system : with PHP and MySQL
Web form design : filling in the blanks
The book of JavaScript : a practical guide to interactive web pages
Distinctive design : a practical guide to a useful, beautiful web
Implementation and Evaluation of eCodicology Web Portal - CodiHub
Crafting Effective User Interface Animations : Understanding the Complexity of Crafting User Interface Animations on Web Platforms
Google secrets : do what you never thought possible with Google
Ordering disorder : grid principles for web design
Developing and design a website for Mc Kalla Oy
Professional Silverlight 4
"Revealing new stories and reviving forgotten tales" : representations of Finnishness on the English-language websites of Finnish design companies
Finnish travel web sites : perceived usefulness from foreignerś point of view
Visual design as an aspect of an online store's usability : case: Radio86 Store
Designing an effective website architecture
J2EE web services using BEA weblogic
English on the Finnish web pages : representations of Finnish towns and municipalities
The World Wide Web and databases : selected papers
Web communication of the Mission of Finland to NATO
Active server pages for dummies
PHP & MySQL in easy steps
Internet simplified
Create your own website
HTML5 mobile development cookbook
Designing web usability : [the practice of simplicity]
DEVELOPMENT OF A CONSULTING TOOL BASED IN MARKETING THEORIES : Case Study: Trimedia's Steps
Master visually : creating webpages
Picture yourself building a website with Joomla! 1.6 : step-by-step instruction for creating a high-quality, professional-looking site with ease
Responsive design workflow
This thesis aims to create a guide for making a successful website. And will go with the scope showing why some web sites does not work, why they don?t show the same content on a plenty of different browsers and operating systems, as a matter of fact will be going through the HTML and CSS codes to see how they interact together and what cause the most major problems. And why not for other web-site acquisition and design. The guide is intended to guide the driving and compelling website design. My thesis will go through the websites as a main task, problems, and website influence on marketing. Empirical part and concentrate on the design process of making a site is the most important and central step. Following the instructions to get a new home page, look better, and marketing on the Internet is going better. The design model is created in such a way that the marketing or the entrepreneur himself would be able to design an effective and user-friendly web site, even if the programming does not know any. The finished plan is a programmer's quick and easy to implement and the outcome of appeals to both entrepreneurs and users. Solutions will be tested and gives a clear idea about the problem and how it was fixed. So, basically I will treat compatibilities, HTML standards and web sites design since after a wide research realized that the HTML code should be clean and goes with the standards and more than that the design is very important.
Where did they come from and where did they all go? : a new website for Finnish researchers
Tips and tricks for web site managers
PHP & MySQL for dummies
FrontPage 2000 : the complete reference
Improvement plan for ABB Substation Automation Oy's web pages
Integration of a web-based loan trading platform to an international financing company
Getting started with D3
Study and integrate Bootstrap 3 for OpixManager
Return on design : Smarter web design that works
Head first Java
VBScript programmer's reference
Adobe Dreamweaver CS4 unleashed
PHP objects, patterns, and practice
Improve Search Engine Optimization
Deconstructing web graphics.2
Animation on the web
Adobe Dreamweaver CS6 on demand
Semantic web and databases : second international workshop, SWDB 2004, Toronto, Canada, August 29-30, 2004, revised selected papers
Personalizing web content with intelligent web applications
Browsing and navigating web applications with mobile devices
The PHP anthology : volume I foundations. 1, Foundations
The intelligent web : search, smart algorithms and big data
Proceedings of the International Conferences on ICT, Society and Human Beings 2015, Web Based Communities and Social Media 2015 and Connected Smart Cities 2015 : Las Palmas de Gran Canaria, Spain : July 21-23, 2015
Visibility on the Web: search results and spam
Fresher styles for Web designers : more eye candy from the underground
Professional ASP.NET 3.5 SP1 edition : in C♯ and VB
Wärtsilä project purchasing and logistics configurator
Planning and designing effective web sites
Internet marketing methods revealed : the complete guide to becoming an internet marketing expert
Creating dynamic web sites : a webmaster's guide to interactive multimedia
Documentation of Salo Region Rotary Clubs website
Agency in the Girl Effect campaign website : a multimodal discourse analytic study
The Internet literacy handbook
Semantic Web : the next generation Web
The administrative interface and the framework of MBnet program presentation engine
Pray for Japan : 3.11 Sekaijū ga inorihajimeta hi
Administrating Web servers, security & maintenance
Implementation of hosting and multi server management control panel for Multitronic
Son of Web pages that suck : learn good design by looking at bad design
Learning web design : a beginner's guide to HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and web graphics
Design, implementation and evaluation of the effectiveness of an Internet advertising campaign  : A case study of Garage Countdown
Security Issues of the Sandbox inside Java Virtual Machine (JVM)
Building websites all-in-one For dummies
Usability of e-government portals in China
The MIT guide to teaching web site design
Foundation Flash CS5 for designers
The hutchinson directory of web sites
Usability in WWW-production process
Wow wow : sites unseen // the internet review
Mastering Dart : master the art of programming high-performance applications with Dart
Online store based on Magento E-commerce
World Wide Web database developer's guide
Design for a mashup of Wordpress and Google Maps API : case: digital service innovation for Chinese restaurants management in Finland
Evolution of the high performance database
Googlepedia : the ultimate Google resource
E-marketing Analysis with Web-Page Focus. Case: Tour Organizer X
Analysis of Dream Hostel Tampere website : with Experience Pyramid
Official tourism websites : a discourse analysis perspective
Blog on : the essential guide to building dynamic Weblogs
Get to #1 on Google
WEBSITE AS A MARKETING TOOL IN TOURISM : Website Design for Svanen Camping Site
Designing with JavaScript : creating dynamic web pages
Java in a nutshell : a desktop quick reference
"This book defines and gives an overview of the web portfolio and how it is being used in academic programs and professional scenarios"--Provided by publisher.
Wordpress web design for dummies
HTML5  : your visual blueprint for designing rich web pages and applications
Steps for Developing a Professional Career Homepage for Winning  Most Suitable Employees for RPC
On design and modelling of web applications outside the browser
Analysis of CIM implementations for the network management
Website development project for Setynoil Oy
Web-based decision-making application
The NAO robot as a Personal Assistant
"Experience the real New Zealand - Maori culture as it is today" : representations of New Zealand and Maoris in Maori tourism websites
Building a web site with Ajax
Beginning ASP.NET 4 : in C# and VB
Gamification in automotive marketing : A conceptual framework for implementation
Using XML in Web services : vision of the future
Web design index by content: Pt. 03
