http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10523 cha-cha (latin dances)
cha-cha (latin dances)
Technique of latin dancing : Supplement - technique for the British Dance Council's appendix 1 (Latin) figures
Latin mega hits : 40 sizzling original hits for latin dancing. 2.
Let's dance the cha cha cha
The ultimate... Latin album. 8, Satisfy my soul
Christopher Norton's essential guide to Latin styles for keyboard
Need to know? : Latin dancing
The ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. [1]
The ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. 16, "Everytime we touch"
MAAMME LAULUJA 2
Dance attack!. 1, 16 original vocal recordings
Latin madness
Mambo with Tjader
The art of playing timbales. Volume 1; edited by Dan Thress
World masters voice. 2, Standard and latin dances
Ritmos cubanos : traditionelle und populäre Rhythmen aus Cuba für Congas und cubanische Rhythmus-Instrumente : Geschichte, Formen, Noten = traditional and popular rhythms from Cuba for congas and Cuban rhythm instruments : history, forms, music
It's time for cha-cha : original hits
World Dancesport Federation: cha cha cha
Latin classics. Vol. 1.
Miami latin : The best of latin music. Vol 23.
Cuban fire : the story of salsa and Latin jazz
Fire in the blood : giants of Latin
Dancebeat : Latin sensation
100 latin : C instruments
The Joy of dancing : ballroom, latin and rock/jive for absolute beginners of all ages
Super Latin : 22 original latin hits
Latin mega hits : 40 sizzling original hits for latin dancing. 3.
The Ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. 2.
The Ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. 14, "Don't stop the music"
The ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. 15, "The shadow of your smile"
Super Latin. Vol. 2, 21 original Latin hits
The ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. 3.
The next steps : the joy of dancing : ballroom, Latin and jive for social dancers af all ages
Giants of Latin : the Walter Laird Rhythms
Salsa hanon : 50 essential excercises for latin piano
Cha cha collection
How to dance : step-by-step
Learn to play... Latin piano : authentic salsa, mambo, bossa nova, samba and more!
Latin boogalú : original hits for latin dancing. Vol. 21.
Latin jazz : play-a-long book and CD set for all instrumentalists
Salsa : musical heartbeat of Latin America
Brazil : the best of Latin music : original hits for Latin dancing : Karina, Dimitri
Salsa Hanon : 50 essential exercises for latin piano
Let's dance! : learn to swing, jitterbug, rumba, tango, line dance, lambada, cha-cha, waltz, two-step, foxtrot and salsa with style, grace and ease
Modern ballroom dancing
Vivo latino : best of latin music
Ballroom favourites : one more time ten
A technique of advanced Latin-American figures
Tiki Tiki : the best of Latin music : original hits for Latin dancing. Martino & Michelle
Latin nights : 44 tropical hits for Latin dancing
Latin music : competitive and practice tracks. 3.
How to dance!
The ballroom dance pack
Around the world with Señor Coconut and His Orchestra
Latin devotion : ...from the Latin soul
The world of ballroom dance
Gold Star ballroom : Cha, cha, cha
The ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. 10, Hip hip chin chin
Superhythm fun : 10 modern dances : Miniature dances for classroom instruments and voice
Latin boss : the centenary collection
Fiesta for two : songs for latin lovers : original hits for latin dancing : Tonja & Ralf
Latin bass : The essential guide to Afro-Cuban and Brazilian styles
That's danceable. Vol. 2, Latin
Luna do Brazil : the best of latin music
30 top cha cha chas
The ultimate... latin album 4 : original music for latin dancing. 4, Latin eyes
Joe McCarthy's afro-cuban big band play-along series
The Ultimate... latin album : original music for dancing and listening. 5, "Bang Bang"
Giants of Latin : Rumbita Molana
The essence of Afro-Cuban percussion & drum set
The rhythmic construction of a salsa tune. Vol.1
