http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10514 cha-cha (dance music)
cha-cha (dance music)
The Ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. 2.
Need to know? : Latin dancing
30 top cha cha chas
Latin devotion : ...from the Latin soul
Mambo with Tjader
Super Latin. Vol. 2, 21 original Latin hits
Latin music : competitive and practice tracks. 3.
Joe McCarthy's afro-cuban big band play-along series
Dancebeat : Latin sensation
Learn to play... Latin piano : authentic salsa, mambo, bossa nova, samba and more!
Salsa : musical heartbeat of Latin America
Latin jazz : play-a-long book and CD set for all instrumentalists
Miami latin : The best of latin music. Vol 23.
The ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. 10, Hip hip chin chin
The ultimate... Latin album. 8, Satisfy my soul
Super Latin : 22 original latin hits
The Joy of dancing : ballroom, latin and rock/jive for absolute beginners of all ages
The ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. [1]
Let's dance the cha cha cha
Modern ballroom dancing
Brazil : the best of Latin music : original hits for Latin dancing : Karina, Dimitri
Giants of Latin : the Walter Laird Rhythms
Vivo latino : best of latin music
The ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. 16, "Everytime we touch"
Cuban fire : the story of salsa and Latin jazz
Superhythm fun : 10 modern dances : Miniature dances for classroom instruments and voice
Latin bass : The essential guide to Afro-Cuban and Brazilian styles
Dance attack!. 1, 16 original vocal recordings
Cha cha collection
Fire in the blood : giants of Latin
The next steps : the joy of dancing : ballroom, Latin and jive for social dancers af all ages
That's danceable. Vol. 2, Latin
Giants of Latin : Rumbita Molana
Latin mega hits : 40 sizzling original hits for latin dancing. 3.
MAAMME LAULUJA 2
Let's dance! : learn to swing, jitterbug, rumba, tango, line dance, lambada, cha-cha, waltz, two-step, foxtrot and salsa with style, grace and ease
How to dance : step-by-step
Tiki Tiki : the best of Latin music : original hits for Latin dancing. Martino & Michelle
The ultimate... latin album 4 : original music for latin dancing. 4, Latin eyes
Christopher Norton's essential guide to Latin styles for keyboard
The ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. 15, "The shadow of your smile"
A technique of advanced Latin-American figures
The art of playing timbales. Volume 1; edited by Dan Thress
The Ultimate... latin album : original music for dancing and listening. 5, "Bang Bang"
World Dancesport Federation: cha cha cha
The ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. 3.
The essence of Afro-Cuban percussion & drum set
Salsa Hanon : 50 essential exercises for latin piano
The ballroom dance pack
Latin boogalú : original hits for latin dancing. Vol. 21.
It's time for cha-cha : original hits
How to dance!
Technique of latin dancing : Supplement - technique for the British Dance Council's appendix 1 (Latin) figures
Salsa hanon : 50 essential excercises for latin piano
Gold Star ballroom : Cha, cha, cha
Social dance : steps to success
The rhythmic construction of a salsa tune. Vol.1
100 latin : C instruments
Latin mega hits : 40 sizzling original hits for latin dancing. 2.
Latin nights : 44 tropical hits for Latin dancing
Fiesta for two : songs for latin lovers : original hits for latin dancing : Tonja & Ralf
The Ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. 14, "Don't stop the music"
World masters voice. 2, Standard and latin dances
Luna do Brazil : the best of latin music
Around the world with Señor Coconut and His Orchestra
Latin boss : the centenary collection
Latin classics. Vol. 1.
Ritmos cubanos : traditionelle und populäre Rhythmen aus Cuba für Congas und cubanische Rhythmus-Instrumente : Geschichte, Formen, Noten = traditional and popular rhythms from Cuba for congas and Cuban rhythm instruments : history, forms, music
Ballroom favourites : one more time ten
The world of ballroom dance
