http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10578 women's rights movements
women's rights movements
Crystal Eastman on women and revolution
Reconsidering the Bluestockings
The Korean women's movement, which is seen in both Western and the non-Western countries as being exemplary in terms of women's activism, experienced a dramatic change in its direction and strategy in the early in the early 1990's. At the heart of the new approach was an increasing focus on sexual violence, which has had a huge impact on bringing women's issues onto the public agenda in Korea. This book examines feminist practice in Korea by analyzing the experiences of the country's first sexual assault center, the Korea Sexual Violence Relief Center. Based on extensive original research, including interviews with activists and extensive participant observation, it explores why feminist activists in South Korea chose to organize around the issue of sexual violence, the strategies it used to do so, what impact the movement has made, and what challenges it still faces to achieve its objectives.
This collection of articles offering new perspectives on the women's movement includes contributions by Solveig Bergman, Ann-Dorte Christensen, Yvonne Hirdman, Karin Lutzen, Kari Melby, Hanne Rimmen Nielsen, Joyce Outshoorn, Jane Rendall, Leila Rupp, Aino Saarinen and Verta Taylor.
In a long and active life (1882–1960), Sylvia Pankhurst was a tireless activist for a variety of radical causes, including women's suffrage, labour movement and international solidarity campaigns. She made pioneering contributions to gender and class politics, revolutionary communist politics and the struggles against imperialism, racism and fascism. In addition, Pankhurst founded and edited four newspapers, and wrote and published twenty-two books, and numerous pamphlets and articles. In this biography, Mary Davis provides a much-needed reappraisal of a woman whose contribution to a wide variety of causes is too often marginalised or overlooked, whether as the employer of the first black journalist in Britain – the activist and writer Claude McKay – or as an early campaigner for pan-Africanism. Pankhurst's changing affiliations and commitments – from her early suffragette activities, though her involvement with disenfranchised and impoverished women in London's East End, to her passionate embrace of the Soviet revolution, the cause of communism worldwide and the fight against imperialism and fascism – mirror the history of radical politics in the twentieth century. Mary Davis's lucid and accessible account of Pankhurst's political life restores a remarkable woman to her rightful place in twentieth-century history.
The militant suffrage movement : citizenship and resistance in Britain, 1860-1930
The hourglass factory
Rebirth of feminism
Women's movement and internationalisation : the "third wave"
International Women's Conference, Bad Reichenhall, Germany, Septembert 25-30, 1950
A contribution to the history of the american women's movement : the case study of Dayton, Ohio (1969-1980)
One of the most memorable images of the British women's suffrage movement occurred on June 4, Derby Day, 1913. As the field of horses approached a turning at Epsom, militant suffragette Emily Wilding Davison ducked out from under the railing and ran onto the track, reaching for the bridle of the King's horse, and was killed in the collision. While her death transformed her into a heroine, it all but erased her identity. To identify what impelled Davison to suffer multiple imprisonments, to experience the torture of force-feedings and the insults of hostile members of the crowds who came to hear her speak, Carolyn P. Collette explores a largely ignored source--the writing to which Davison dedicated so much time and effort during the years from 1908 to 1913. Davison's writing is an implicit apologia for why she lived the life of a militant suffragette and where she continually revisits and restates the principles that guided her: that woman suffrage was necessary to improve the lives of men, women, and children; that the freedom and justice women sought was sanctioned by God and unjustly withheld by humans whose opposition constituted a tyranny that had to be opposed; and that the evolution of human progress demanded that women become fully equal citizens of their nation in every respect-- politically, economically, and culturally. In the Thick of the Fight makes available for the first time the archive of published and unpublished writings of Emily Wilding Davison. Collette reorients both scholarly and public attention away from a single, defining event to the complexity of Davison's contributions to modern feminist discourse, giving the reader a sense of the vibrancy and diversity of Davison's suffrage writings.
Half of the human race
Votes for Women provides an innovative re-examination of the suffrage movement, presenting new perspectives which challenge the existing literature on this subject. This fascinating book charts the history of the movement in Britain from the nineteenth century to the postwar period, assessing important figures such as: Emmeline Pankhurst and the militant wing. Millicent Garrett Fawcett, leader of the constitutional wing. Jennie Baines and her link with the international suffrage movements.
Steven Buechler has written a comparative sociological analysis of the woman suffrage movement (1840s-1920) and the contemporary women's movement (1960s to the present). His identification of similarities and differences between these movements reveals persistent feminist issues over time as well as the distinctive concerns of each movement in the sociohistorical context. Buechler compares these two movements in terms of their origins, organizations, ideologies, class and racial diversities, countermovement's, and outcomes. He uses resource mobilization theory. Buechler explains why women's movements arise, the forms of organization they adopt, the diversity of ideologies they espouse, and the class and racial composition of women's movements. He also helps us to understand the roots of countermovements, as well as the mixture of successes and failures that has characterized both past and present women's movements. While recognizing both the setbacks and the victories of the contemporary movement, Buechler identifies grounds for relative optimism about the lasting consequences of this ongoing mobilization.
Feminism and the Contradictions of Oppressionis a penetrating and comprehensive study of the development of feminism over the last thirty years. The first part of this major new textbook examines feminist theory and feminist political strategy. The second section examines how contradictions of class, race, subculture and sexuality divide women. The final part explores ways out of the impasse. This level-headed and challenging book is one of the most notable contributions to feminism in recent years.
The world according to Garp
Towards a new democratic order : women's organizing in Sweden in the 1990s
Anna Howard Shaw : the work of woman suffrage
Social history of women and gender in the Modern Middle East
The dialectic of sex : the case for feminist revolution
Woman's Estate is a compilation of several essays written by Juliet Mitchell in the late 1960's and in 1970, combined with new material that both connects the older essays and elaborates upon the implications of Mitchell's arguments. Mitchell describes the women's liberation movement (the term she uses to designate the most progressive wing of the women's movement) as the vanguard of radical political activism in the late 1960's. She likewise sees it as the key element in a new revolutionary political movement.
Too "artistic" for political history, too political for the history of art, the visual history of the campaign for women's suffrage in Britain has long been neglected. In this comprehensive and pathbreaking study, Lisa Tickner discusses and illustrates the suffragist use of spectacle - the design of banners, posters and postcards, the orchestration of mass demonstrations - in an unprecedented propaganda campaign.
To "Herland" and beyond : the life and work of Charlotte Perkins Gilman
Politics and the occult : the left, the right and the radically unseen
March, women, march
The spectacle of women : imagery of the suffrage campaign 1907-14
The Matriarchs of England's Cooperative Movement : a study in Gender Politics and Female Leadership, 1883-1921
The women's movements in the Unites States and Britain from the 1790s to the 1920s
At home with the empire : metropolitan culture and the imperial world
Poems from the Women's Movement
Sex and suffrage in Britain, 1860-1914
Becoming visible : women in European history
Women's emancipation movements in the nineteenth century : a European perspective
Women & activism : Women Writers Conference, Harare, 29-30 July 1999
Feminism and the contradictions of oppression
Resisting the sacred and the secular : women's activism and politicized religion in South Asia
Don't bet on the prince : contemporary feminist fairy tales in North America and England
Winning women's votes : propaganda and politics in Weimar Germany
Introducing feminism
Controled or autonomous : identity and the experience of the network Women Living Under Muslim Laws
Report of fifth conference and first quinquennial, London, England, April 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, May 1, 1909
First Quinquennial International Woman-Suffrage Alliance Meeting, held in London, April 26th to May 2nd, 1909.
New women in colonial Korea : a sourcebook
The American new woman revisited : a reader, 1894-1930
This feminist classic explores the many manifestations of friendship between women and examines the ways women have created their own communities and destinies through friendship.
Report of the council meeting and conference, Edinburgh, October 1st-5th, 1934
Worlds of women : the making of an international women's movement
Shoulder to shoulder : a documentary
Gender and the political opportunities of democratization in South Korea
Rebel girls : their fight for the vote
A stage of their own : feminist playwrights of the suffrage era
Report of the Ninth Conference held at Oxford July 26th-30th 1954 = Rapport du Neuvième Congrès reuni a Oxford du 26 au 30 juillet 1954
This book addresses the theme of the history of internationalism in feminist theory and praxis, covering such topics as the historical concept of internationalism within feminism and women's movements; the nature of historical shifts within feminist movements, and challenges to internationalism within feminism by women of colour and by women from colonised or formerly colonised countries.
The history of doing : an illustrated account of movements for women's rights and feminism in India, 1800-1990
Women's activism and globalization : linking local struggles and transnational politics
20th International Congress of the Women's International League for Peace and Freedom : Tokyo, Japan 11th-15th August 1977.
The international women's news - jus suffragii : the monthly organ of The international woman suffrage alliance
It changed my life : writings on the women's movement
Chinese women organizing : cadres, feminists, Muslims, queers
Feminist theory : from margin to center
Report of the Third International Congress of the Women, Vienna, July 10-17, 1921.
Report of the eleventh congress, Berlin, June 17th - 22nd, 1929.
Sixth conference, Edinburgh, July 27th - Aug. 4th. 1932 : preliminary programme
Transactions of the National Council of Women of the United States, assembled in Washington, D.C., February 22 to 25, 1891
It was a bloody and dangerous war lasting several decades, won finally by sheer will and determination in 1928. Drawing on extracts from diaries, newspapers, letters, journals and books, Joyce Marlow has pieced together this inspiring, poignant and exciting history using the voices of the women themselves. Some of the people and events are well-known, but Marlow has gone beyond the obvious, particularly beyond London, to show us the ordinary women - middle and working-class, who had the breathtaking courage to stand up and be counted - or just as likely hectored, or pelted with eggs. These women were clever and determined, knew the power of humour and surprise and exhibited 'unladylike' passion and bravery. Joyce Marlow's anthology is lively, comprehensive, surprising and triumphant.
Womanews
The German-American encounter : conflict and cooperation between two cultures, 1800-2000
Twelfth report of the Association for moral and social hygiene (April 1st. 1926 - March 31st. 1927)
This issue makes a stimulating contribution to the growing store of knowledge about the feminist movement which immediately preceded current ones. What emerges is the similarity of purpose between past and present movements; the task of seeking women's equal participation in the administration and work of the world, and that of liberating women from sexual slavery, and the basic commitment to expose the system of male power. A rich and varied collection of articles, this issue reflects both the achievements of current feminist historical research and the obstacles which stand in the way of the full development of such research.
Pink sari revolution : a tale of women and power in the badlands of India
The march of the women : a revisionist analysis of the campaign for women's suffrage, 1866-1914
Women and transformation in Russia
Report of the Fourth Congress of the Women's International League for Peace and Freedom, Washington, May 1 to 7, 1924.
Practicing feminism in South Korea : the women's movement against sexual violence
Women and the Republican Party, 1854-1924
Object of the Women's International League for Peace and Freedom, endorsed by the Washington Congress 1924.
Half-yearly report of the Women's International league for Peace and Freedom : July-December, 1924.
Women's activism : global perspectives from the 1890s to the present
Votes for women
Report of the Seventh Conference held in Sigtuna July 24th-25th 1950 = Rapport du Septième Congrès reuni a Sigtuna les 24 et 25 juillet 1950
Women's suffrage in the British Empire : citizenship, nation, and race
Report of eighth congress, Geneva, Switzerland, June, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 1920
Voices and votes : a literary anthology of the women's suffrage campaign
Subversive women : historical experiences of gender and resistance
The German women's movement : the social role of women in the 19th century and the emancipation movement in Germany
Report of the Tenth Conference held in Paris August 19th-23rd 1957 = Rapport du Dixième Congrès reuni a Paris du 19 au 23 août 1957
Islamic feminism in Kuwait : the politics and paradoxes
The radical future of liberal feminism
Suffragettes : the fight for votes for women
First published in 1976, "It Changed My Life" is a compellingly readable collection of reports from the front, back in the days less than a generation ago when women were routinely shut out of the professions and higher education, underpaid, condescended to, and harassed without consequences to the harassers. The book describes the political campaigns for equal pay and job opportunities, for the outlawing of sex discrimination, for the Equal Rights Amendment, and for legalized abortion, the creation of National Organization for Women, the National Abortion Rights Action League, and the National Women's Political Caucus, and analyzes the antifeminist backlashes. Encounters with Simone de Beauvoir and Indira Gandhi are juxtaposed with moving and vivid personal struggles of many ordinary women. Among those women was Friedan herself, who frankly recorded her astonishment, gratification, and anger as the movement she helped create grew beyond all her hopes, and then raced beyond her control into a sexual politics she found disturbing.
A voice of their own : the woman suffrage press, 1840-1910
Suffragettes to she-devil : women's liberation and beyond
Womens suffrage : a short history of a great movement
Sylvia Pankhurst : a life in radical politics
Researching the women's movement : considerations arising out of a comparative study of the new women's movement in Finland and the Federal Republic of Germany
Feeling women's liberation
Feminism and the women's movement : dynamics of change in social movement, ideology and activism
Introducing postfeminism
Girls to the front : the true story of the Riot Grrrl revolution
The first hundred years : a short history of Socialist International Women = Die ersten hundert Jahre : eine kurze Geschichte der Sozialistischen Fraueninternationale
Reassessments of "first wave" feminism
Fields of protest : women's movements in India
This work provides a study of American women's responses to evolutionary theory and illuminates the role science played in the nineteenth-century women's rights movement. Here the author reveals how a number of nineteenth-century women, raised on the idea that Eve's sin forever fixed women's subordinate status, embraced Darwinian evolution, especially sexual selection theory as explained in The Descent of Man, as an alternative to the creation story in Genesis. The author chronicles the lives and writings of the women who combined their enthusiasm for evolutionary science with their commitment to women's rights, including Antoinette Brown Blackwell, Eliza Burt Gamble, Helen Hamilton Gardener, Charlotte Perkins Gilman, and Elizabeth Cady Stanton. These Darwinian feminists believed evolutionary science proved that women were not inferior to men, that it was natural for mothers to work outside the home, and that women should control reproduction. The practical applications of this evolutionary feminism came to fruition, it si shown, in the early thinking and writing of the American birth control pioneer Margaret Sanger. In contrast to the extensive scholarship that has been dedicated to analyzing what Darwin and other males evolutionists had to say about women, this work offers information on what women themselves had to say about evolution. -- From book jacket.
Feminism and internationalism
The women's movement in Egypt, with selected references to Turkey
The women's rights movement : moving toward equality
Since 1976, when Juliet Mitchell and Ann Oakley published their path–breaking book The Rights and Wrongs of Women, the search for a coherent identity for 'woman' has called that identity into question in the most fundamental way. If 'woman' cannot be defined beyond the biological female, how can feminism have a single definition? The contributors to this collection ask as many questions as they answer. Nancy Cott explores the paradox at the heart of feminism; that while requiring gender consciousness as its very basis, its political end is the elimination of gender roles. Deborah Rhode examines the tensions between feminist theory and the liberal, legalist traditions that have shaped the development. Juliet Mitchell's discussion of social change and feminism points out how feminism may succeed in bringing about social change but in doing so become involved in constructing a future it never wanted. Developments in theory are not allowed to obscure discussion of the practical situation of women. Essays cover health, motherhood, child abuse, social welfare, science and law. Perhaps, as Rosalind Delmar contends, we can no longer usefully talk of one monolithic feminism but should think in terms of a plurality of related feminisms. Feminists have combated the stereotypes of woman; now they must look at themselves with equal rigour.
Moving on : new perspectives on the women's movement
Deeds not words : the lives of suffragette teachers
What is feminism?
Political worlds of women : activism, advocacy, and governance in the twenty-first century
Sisterhood is powerful : an anthology of writings from the women's liberation movement
Fall of giants
Women in German history : from bourgeois emancipation to sexual liberation
Hidden from herstory : women, feminism and the new global solidarity
A new peace : report of the International Conference of Women at the Hague, 7 to 9 December, 1922, organized by The Women's International League for Peace and Freedom
Helping women at work : the women's industrial council, 1889-1914
In the thick of the fight : the writing of Emily Wilding Davison, militant suffragette
Love, anarchy, and Emma Goldman
How the vote was won : woman suffrage in the western United States, 1868-1914
The sceptical feminist : a philosophical enquiry
Report of sixth congress, Stockholm, Sweden, June 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 1911
From Eve to evolution : Darwin, science, and women's rights in Gilded Age America
Rapport du Sixième Congrès reuni a Bruxelles du 5 au 9 juillet 1948 = Report of the Sixth Conference held in Brussels, July 5th-9th, 1948
Feminist generations : the persistence of the radical women's movement
The dictionary of feminist theory
Report of seventh congress, Budapest, Hungary, June 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 1913
Illuminates the thrilling possibilities of female grassroots activism in India through the story of Sampat Pal and her Pink Gang.
The most widely used anthology of feminist writings, Feminist Frontiers has stood the test of time. Classic and contemporary readings on cutting-edge topics cut across disciplinary and generational lines, presenting the full diversity of women's lives and exploring commonalities and interconnected differences. Feminist Frontiers offers analyses of the causes and consequences of gender inequality in interaction with race, ethnicity, class, sexuality, ability, and nation, and introduces students to feminist theory and methodology. The ninth edition maintains a consistent coverage of diversity within a global perspective while highlighting the impact of new technologies on women's lives and experiences.
Women and social protest
The secret history of Wonder Woman
Irish feminism and the vote : an anthology of the Irish Citizen newspaper, 1912-1920
Provides an overview of theoretical developments within the Anglo-Saxon women's movement from the late 18th century to today, taking as its theme sexual difference. The first part traces the evolution of attitudes towards the question of difference and the second part examines key policy areas.
Women's quest for the vote Kent argues, was indissolubly linked with other feminist demands for reform which would overturn the cultural constructions of masculinity and femininity and determined their powerlessness in both public and private.
The jazz files : Poppy Denby investigates
The suffragette movement : an intimate account of persons and ideals
Bericht = Rapport = Report
International encyclopedia of women's suffrage
Report of the ... congress / International Alliance of Women for Suffrage and Equal Citizenship = Rapport de ... congrès / Alliance Internationale pour le Suffrage et l'Action Civique et Politique des Femmes = Bericht des ... Kongresses / Weltbund für Frauenstimmrecht und Staatsbürgerliche Arbeit
Against obscenity : reform and the politics of womanhood in America, 1873-1935
A history of Riot Grrrl, a radical feminist movement that was started in the 1990s by young women who were fed up with sexism and harrassment and decided to make some noise.
The liberation of women : a study of patriarchy and capitalism
Post-war feminism in Finland
In The Liberation of Women, Roberta Hamilton explores two of the key questions that have been systematically raised by the Women's Liberation Movement: why have women occupied a subordinate position in society and how can the variation in the forms and intensity of their exploitation and oppression be explained? Within the Women's Liberation Movement there have been seen to be two different and opposed answers to these questions: a feminist answer and a Marxist one. The feminist analysis has addressed itself to a patriarchal ideology, locating the source of male domination and female subordination in the biological differences between the sexes. Marxists, on the other hand, have seen the origins of female subordination in the growing phenomenon of private property, which, in their view, has made possible and necessary the exploitation of these biological differences in the modern world. This new work attempts to examine this debate in specific analytical terms through a study of the changing role of women during a particular historical period – the seventeenth century. In the course of less than one hundred years the rise of capitalism and the acceptance of Protestantism had separately and together radically altered every aspect of a woman's life. Can both a feminist and a Marxist analysis account for these changes? Do such accounts conflict with each other, making a choice inevitable? Do they overlap to such an extent that retaining both would be redundant? Or, finally, are they complementary, can they usefully coexist? To answer these questions Roberta Hamilton tries to work out the changes that can be attributed to the emergence of capitalism (a Marxist explanation) and those that stemmed from the transformation in patriarchal ideology (a feminist explanation). The Liberation of Women will be of particular interest to students of history, sociology and Women's Studies and to those who have been involved in the Women's Liberation Movement. In particular, it will prove essential basic reading for an ever-growing number of courses on sexual divisions in society and the role of women.
No middle ground : women and radical protest
Once a feminist : stories of a generation
Women's movements in the United States : woman suffrage, equal rights, and beyond
Feminist frontiers
In Feminism and the Women's Movement, Barbara Ryan integrates a broad historical view with an analytical framework drawn from the theory of social movements. Relying on participation and observation of diverse groups involved in the woman's movement, interviews with long-term activists, and readings of historical and contemporary movement publications, she discusses the changing nature of feminist ideology and movement organizing. Ryan portrays the successes and difficulties that women have faced in their efforts to effect social change in recent history.
A passion for friends : toward a philosophy of female affection
Berlin coquette : prostitution and the new German woman, 1890/1933
The radical feminist movement has undergone significant transformation over the past four decades - from the direct action of the 1960s and 1970s to the backlash against feminism in the 1980s and 1990s. Drawing on organizational documents and interviews with both veterans of the women's movement and younger feminists in Columbus, Ohio, Nancy Whittier traces the changing definitions of feminism as the movement has evolved. She documents subtle variations in feminist identity and analyzes the striking differences, conflicts, and cooperation between longtime and recent activists. The collective stories of the women - many of them lesbians and lesbian feminists whom the author shows to be central to the women's movement and radical feminism - illustrate that contemporary radical feminism is very much alive. It is sustained through protests, direct action, feminist bookstores, rape crisis centers, and cultural activities like music festivals and writers workshops, which Whittier argues are integral - and political - aspects of the movement's survival. Her analysis includes discussions of a variety of both liberal and radical organizations, including the Women's Action Collective, Women Against Rape, Fan the Flames Bookstore, the Ohio ERA Task Force, and NOW. Unlike many studies of feminist organizing, her study also considers the difference between Columbus, a Midwest, medium-sized city, and feminist activities in major cities like New York, San Francisco, and Chicago, as well as the roles of radical feminists in the development of women's studies departments and other social movements like AIDS education and self-help.
Broken silence : voices of Japanese feminism
Suffragette : my own story
XIIth Internationa1 Congress of the Women's International League for Peace and Freedom, Paris, August 4th-8th, 1953.
The masculine woman in America, 1890-1935
Theory in its feminist travels : conversation in U.S. women's movement
Temptation
Report of the eleventh congress, Berlin, June 17th to 22nd, 1929.
Report of the Eleventh Conference held in Helsinki June 7th-11th 1960 = Rapport du Onzième Congrès reuni a Helsinki du 7 au 11 juin 1960
Networking is an everyday practice in our lives as feminists
Same difference : feminism and sexual difference
French connections : voices from the women's movement in France
Portrait album of who's who at the International Congress of Women, helf in London, from June 26th to July 5th, 1899.
Faces of feminism : a study of feminism as a social movement
Liberalism in nineteenth century Europe : the political culture of limited suffrage
VI. conference of the International Woman Suffrage Alliance,Stockholm, June 12-17, 1911.
Revolt against chivalry : Jessie Daniel Ames and the women's campaign against lynching
40 years of woman suffrage in Finland
Woman's estate
