http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10527 predestination
predestination
The works of James Arminius
Gratia et certamen : the relationship between grace and free will in the discussion of Augustine with the so-called semipelagians
Finney's systematic theology : lectures on classes of truths, moral government, the atonement, moral and physical depravity, natural, moral, and gracious ability, repentance, faith, justification, sanctification, election, divine sovereignty & perseverance of the saints
Theodicy in Islamic thought : the dispute over al-Ghazālī's "Best of all possible worlds"
Foundations of Wesleyan-Arminian theology
In A New Apophaticism Susannah Ticciati draws on Augustine to develop an apophatic theology for the twenty-first century. Shifting the focus away from the potential and failure of words to say something about God, the book suggests that the purpose of God-language is to transform human beings in their relationship with God. Augustine's doctrine of predestination is read, with the help of speech-act theory and indexical studies, for its power to effect redemptive change; and his De doctrina christiana is drawn upon for its semiotics. Together they make way for the hypothesis that God-language transforms human beings into better signs of God.
Predestination, policy and polemic : conflict and consensus in the English church from the Reformation to the civil war
Middle knowledge : theory and applications
Trinity and election in contemporary theology
Theodicy and predestination in Pauline soteriology
Christian philosophy in the patristic and byzantine tradition
It has been over a decade since the first edition of The Cambridge Companion to Augustine was published. In that time, reflection on Augustine's life and labors has continued to bear much fruit: significant new studies into major aspects of his thinking have appeared, as well as studies of his life and times and new translations of his work. This new edition of the Companion, which replaces the earlier volume, has eleven new chapters, revised versions of others, and a comprehensive updated bibliography. It will furnish students and scholars of Augustine with a rich resource on a philosopher whose work continues to inspire discussion and debate.
On divine foreknowledge : part IV of the Concordia
Intellect and action : elucidations on Christian theology and the life of faith
Dissertation on predestination and grace
Britain and the Bestandstwisten : the causes, course and consequences of British involvementin the Dutch religious and political disputes of the early seventeenth century
Elect in the Son
Eric Platt examines British participation in the Dutch religious and political disputes of the early 17th century (the Bestandstwisten) and its significant impact on both countries. Although the disputes began over predestination, they quickly took on political overtones as the two sides, the Remonstrants (Arminians) and Contra-Remonstrants, vehemently debated proper church-state relations and leading Dutch officials began supporting differing sides. By 1611 King James I and other important British figures had also become closely involved. Although the King's initial impulse was to defuse the conflict, he eventually threw his considerable influence behind the Contra-Remonstrants. This assistance helped them and their political allies secure victory, and a large British contingent participated in the Synod of Dordt that took place in the aftermath of the conflict. Not all British influences, however, came about as a result of direct involvement. Both sidesgreatly relied on British precedents and sources in arguing their positions. The conflict also had an impact on Great Britain. Observers there closely followed developments in the Bestandstwisten and repeatedly expressed concern that the conflict would spread to the British Isles. These fears proved true as the Dutch disputes contributed to increased British disputes about predestination during the 1620s. Scholars have long recognized the importance of the Bestandstwisten and Synod of Dordt for Dutch history and the development of Reformed doctrine. But there has never before been published a full-length treatment of the British involvement in the conflict and its impact on both countries. As the world prepares to commemorate the 400th anniversary of the Synod of Dordt, Platt's book fills this scholarly gap.
Human and divine agency : Anglican, Catholic, and Lutheran perspectives
Barth and Schleiermacher on the doctrine of election : a systematic-theological comparison
The problem of divine foreknowledge and future contingents from Aristotle to Suarez
Presents not only G W Leibniz's reflections on predestination and election but also a detailed account of the problem of evil than is found in any of his other works apart from the "Theodicy". This book addresses such topics as free will, moral responsibility, divine causation, justice, punishment, divine foreknowledge, and human freedom.
St. Augustine's dilemma : grace and eternal law in the major works of Augustine of Hippo
God's strategy in human history
The Cambridge companion to Augustine
Calvin, participation, and the gift : the activity of believers in union with Christ
A new apophaticism : Augustine and the redemption of Signs
Heinrich Bullinger and the covenant : the other reformed tradition
Theology at Paris, 1316-1345 : Peter Auriol and the problem of divine foreknowledge and future contingents
Liberum arbitrium and necessitas : a philosophical inquiry into Augustine's conception of the will
