http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10574 problem youth
problem youth
The breakfast club
a The streets of modern-day London are hectic, multicultural, and difficult to read if you are a white-collar, middle-aged man. Keith is a social worker who, following a brief affair with a colleague, finds himself living alone in a flat a few streets away from his wife, Annabelle, and his teenage son. His domestic problems, allied with growing tensions at work, profoundly undermine his peace of mind. Keith attempts to take refuge in a long-cherished writing project and turns his attention to the plight of his aging father, but for the first time in his life he feels extremely vulnerable as a black man in English society. Annabelle met Keith twenty-five years ago at university, and she watches the man she married - against the wishes of her English parents - as he appears to be losing his grip on his life. However, after three years of estrangement, she realizes that despite her disappointment with her former husband, the pair of them have no choice but to close ranks and protect their son, who seems to have become increasingly involved with street gangs and a world that is entirely alien to them. A brilliant and penetrating story of contemporary Britain, "In the Falling Snow" is Caryl Phillips' finest novel yet.
Young people in care and criminal behaviour
School discipline and self-discipline : a practical guide to promoting prosocial student behavior
The dinner
The blue girl
Angus, thongs and full-frontal snogging. book 1
This book challenges the concept of wellbeing as applied to children, particularly in a school-based context. Taking a post-structural approach, it suggests that wellbeing should be understood, and experiences revealed, at the level of the subjective child. This runs counter to contemporary accounts that reduce children's wellbeing to objective lists of things that are needed in order to live well. This book will be useful for academics and practitioners working directly with children, and anyone interested in children's wellbeing.
Zelah Green, queen of clean
Make me! : understanding and engaging student resistance in school
In a small southern town with a secret world hidden in plain sight, sixteen-year-old Lena, who possesses supernatural powers and faces a life-altering decision, draws away from her true love, Ethan, a mortal with frightening visions.
Family troubles? : exploring changes and challenges in the family lives of children and young people
Background and Aims      The aim of this study was to identify problematic gaming behavior among Finnish adolescents and young adults, and evaluate its connection to a variety of psychological, social, and physical health symptoms.        Methods      This cross-sectional study was conducted with a random sample of 293 respondents aged from 13 to 24 years. Participants completed an online survey. Problematic gaming behavior was measured with the Game Addiction Scale (GAS). Self-reports covered health measures such as psychological health (psychopathological symptoms, satisfaction with life), social health (preferences for social interaction), and physical health (general health, Body Mass Index [BMI], body discomfort, physical activity).        Results      Problematic gaming behavior was found to relate to psychological and health problems, namely fatigue, sleep interference, depression and anxiety symptoms. Multiple linear regression indicated that the amount of weekly gaming, depression and a preference for online social interaction predicted increased problematic gaming symptoms.        Conclusions      This research emphasized that problematic gaming behavior had a strong negative correlation to a variety of subjective health outcomes.
Shifty
Constructing risky identities in policy and practice
The breakfast club : 30th anniversary edition
"How to Set a Fire and Why is a blistering, singular, devastating novel by Jesse Ball ("A young genius who hits all of the right notes." --Chicago Tribune) about a teenage girl who has lost everything and will burn anything. Lucia has been kicked out of school, again, this time for stabbing a boy in the neck with a pencil. Her father is dead; her mother is in a mental institute; and she's living in a garage-turned-bedroom with her aunt. Making her way through the world with only a book, a Zippo lighter, and a pocket full of stolen licorice, Lucia spends her days riding the bus to visit her mother in The Home, avoiding the landlord who hates her, and following the only rule that makes any sense: Don't Do Things You Aren't Proud Of. When Lucia starts at Whistler High it seems no different from the schools that came before: girls play field hockey, chasing the ball like dogs, the school psychologist has beanbag chairs in her office, and detention means sitting silently surrounded by stupid people ("I am a veteran of detention"). But when Lucia discovers a secret Arson Club, she will do anything to be a part of it. With a biting wit and striking intelligence that she can't fully hide, Lucia animates her small-town life: the parties at an abandoned water park, visits to the 24-hour donut shop where her friend Lana's cousin works, the little island in the middle of a medical park where kids go to drink. As Lucia's fascination with the Arson Club grows, her chronicle becomes a riveting story of family, loss, misguided friendship, and destruction"--
Children, families and social exclusion : new approaches to prevention
Youth homelessness : the construction of a social issue
Abstract.
When I found you
How to love
The other me
How to set a fire and why
Vulnerable, guilty or on their own? : Institutional identities of substance abusing children and families within Finnish child welfare
To Sir, with love
Conduct disorders in childhood and adolescence
The gang : a study in adolescent behavior
Where there's a will
Random family : love, drugs, trouble, and coming of age in the Bronx
Creative interventions for marginalised youth : the Risky Business project
When the devil holds the candle
The fourth victim
Adolescents and risk : making sense of adolescent psychology
Boot camp
Freedom writers
"In this cutting edge collection authors examine risk thinking in a range of policy and practice contexts, including special needs education, digital exclusion, domestic violence and abuse, child protection and youth work. Four key interlinking themes emerge from the chapters. The first is how, within a neoliberal context, risk agendas can be used to justify and normalise the rationing and targeting of services. The second theme shows how the use of such agendas can in themselves redefine what is constituted as social problems, and how they are understood and responded to. Thirdly, welfare practice itself is being re-structured and re-theorised to adapt and conform to the new definitions and understandings that risk thinking has brought about. Finally, the fourth theme is how the use of risk as a negative organising discourse is not inevitable but, in different contexts, can create positive outcomes for service users, practitioners and society"--
Reality therapy : a workable approach for adolescents
Using support groups to improve behaviour
New age travellers : vanloads of uproarious humanity
The sociopathology of education
Death of a superhero
Problematic digital gaming behavior and its relation to the psychological, social and physical health of Finnish adolescents and young adults
Children at the margins : supporting children, supporting schools
Secondary modern discipline : with special reference to the "difficult" adolescent in socially depressed industrial areas
Conceptualising youth work : back to the future
Psychiatric symptoms and their recognition in adolescents institutionalized for behavior problems
Tainted love
Children in secure accommodation : a gendered exploration of locked institutional care for children in trouble
Fish tank
Eleanor & Park
Okay for now
"In this groundbreaking book, Eric Toshalis explores student resistance through a variety of perspectives, arguing that oppositional behaviors can be not only instructive but productive. All too often treated as a matter of compliance, student resistance can also be understood as a form of engagement, as young people confront and negotiate new identities in the classroom environment. The focus of teachers' efforts, Toshalis says, should not be about "managing" adolescents but about learning how to read their behavior and respond to it in developmentally productive, culturally responsive, and democratically enriching ways. Noting that the research literature is scattered across fields, Toshalis draws on four domains of inquiry: theoretical, psychological, political, and pedagogical. The result is a resource that can help teachers address this pervasive classroom challenge in ways that enhance student agency, motivation, engagement, and academic achievement ... Toshalis blends accessible explanations of theory and research with vignettes of interactions among educators and students. In Make Me!, Toshalis helps teachers perceive possibility, rather than pathology, in student resistance." --
In the falling snow
Substance abuse treatment and the stages of change : selecting and planning interventions
Acting out : understanding and reducing aggressive behaviour in children and youth
Teenagers and attachment : helping adolescents engage with life and learning
How to manage behaviour in further education
Handbook of adolescent behavioral problems : evidence-based approaches to prevention and treatment
The instructions
On their own : what happens to kids when they age out of the foster care system?
Adolescents with substance use disorder at reform schools are severely maladjusted
The Freedom Writers diary : how a teacher and 150 teens used writing to change themselves and the world around them
Chicimire ankha = The eyes of a dragonfly : (four eyes can see four times more!)
Saint anything
Antisocial behavior and mental health problems : explanatory factors in childhood and adolescence
The game educator's handbook : revised international edition
Long-term alcohol use in adolescence and neurocognition : a preliminary study
The new youth justice
Drawing on Australian and International research, this collection of essays critiques the existing evidence base about the causes and prevention of youth offending in Australia, and the ways forward for policy making and service delivery.
Nurturing hidden resilience in troubled youth
Peer mediation
Engaging troubling students : a constructivist approach
Psychiatric disorders, behavioural and family problems and neuropsychological disabilities are common among adolescent reform school students
Responding to adolescents : helping relationship skills for youth workers, mentors and other advisors
Princess in training
Teaching students with behavior disorders : techniques and activities for classroom instruction
Adolescent education : a reader
Abstract: The placement on a reform school - the second change for an adolescent? : psychiatric disorders, learning disabilities and problems in the family as a challenge of treatment.
No and me
Characteristics of emotional and behavioral disorders of children and youth
Narcissism and Machiavellianism in youth : implications for the development of adaptive and maladaptive behavior
Evidence based policy and practice in youth justice
It's kind of a funny story
Teaching young children in violent times : building a peaceable classroom
Therapeutic community and community education - a client based research at
Child and adolescent behaviour problems : a multi-disciplinary approach to assessment and intervention
Be near me
Lost at school : why our kids with behavioral challenges are falling through the cracks and how we can help them
Abstract: Stadi-boys, crime and child protection : five case studies from six decades.
New perspectives on disaffection
Functional family therapy in clinical practice : an evidence-baced treatment model for working with troubled adolescents
Cognitive functioning in alcohol and other substance use disorders in young adulthood : a genetic epidemiological study
The betrayal of trust
Defusing disruptive behavior in the classroom
All my secrets
Improving school attendance
Schools and delinquency
A study on behavioural problems of students at Alamata Secondary School, Tigray
Go ask Alice
Brief counselling in schools : [working with young people from 11 to 18]
Princess in love
Emotional and behavioral disorders : theory and practice
Delinquency and young offenders
Bullying behavior : current issues, research, and interventions
Training teachers to work in schools considered difficult
Adolescent ADHD and family environment—an epidemiological and clinical study of ADHD in the Northern Finland 1986 Birth Cohort
Early-onset depressive disorders, related mental health disorders and substance use-a prospective, longitudinal study of finnish twins born 1983-1987
Wild song
White's rules : saving our youth one kid at a time
Getting the buggers to behave 2
Ready player one
Youth homelessness in the European Union
Brief strategic intervention for school behavior problems
Social Exclusion of Young People in Finland
Working with distressed young people
Teaching hope : stories from the Freedom Writer teachers and Erin Gruwell
Bring them back alive : helping teens get out and stay out of trouble
Helping kids hope : a teacher explores the need for meaning in our schools and in our lives
Predisposing factors and consequences of adolescent ADHD and DBD : a longitudinal study in the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1986
Social work with young people in care : looking after children in theory and practice
Functional assessment : strategies to prevent and remediate challenging behavior in school settings
Counseling troubled boys : a guidebook for professionals
