http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10539 mass communication
mass communication
The media syndrome
Media Today uses convergence as a lens that puts students at the center of the profound changes in the 21st century media world. Through the convergence lens they learn to think critically about the role of media today and what these changes mean for their lives presently and in the future. The book’s media systems approach helps students to look carefully at how media is created, distributed, and exhibited in the new world that the digital revolution has created. In this way, Media Today goes beyond the traditional mass communication textbook’s focus on consuming media, to give students an insider’s perspective on how media businesses operate. Joseph Turow—who has been teaching Intro to Mass Communication for well over a decade—demonstrates the many ways that media convergence and the pervasiveness of the Internet have blurred distinctions between and among various media. From newspapers to video games or social networking to mobile platforms, Media Today prepares students to live in the digital world of media.
The shadow of a nation : how celebrity destroyed Britain
Constructing post-communism : a study in the Estonian social problems discourse
Electronic media : then, now, and later
NORDICOM : bibliography of Nordic mass communication literature : bibliografi over nordisk massekommunikationslitteratur. 1979, Document list
On the political possibilities of therapy news : media responsibility and the limits of objectivity in disaster coverage
What really happened to the 1960s : how mass media culture failed American democracy
Media in transition : Russian papers presented at the 20th General Assembly and Scientific conference of the International Association for Mass Communication Research : 18-22 August 1996, Sydney, Australia
The critical communications review. 2, Changing patterns of communications control
the book begins with an overview of mass communication research and the ethics of research. It then explores each major approach to research, including qualitative research, content analysis, survey research, longitudinal research, and experimental research. The text continues with a section on data analysis and concludes with a forward-looking section on applying research methods to the primary areas of interest including print, electronic media, advertising, and public relations. Coverage of mass media research and the Internet, which was presented in a concluding chapter in the previous edition, has now been integrated as appropriate throughout the text.
Connecting social problems and popular culture : why media is not the answer
Media violence : opposing viewpoints
Media and the city : cosmopolitanism and difference
An introduction to the mass media
Milestones in mass communication research : media effects
Mass communications : a book for readings
Health communication in the 21st century
One of the least understood countries in the world, North Korea has long been known for its repressive regime. Yet it is far from being an impenetrable black box. Media flows covertly into the country, and fault lines are appearing in the government's sealed informational borders. Drawing on deeply personal interviews with North Korean defectors from all walks of life, ranging from propaganda artists to diplomats, Jieun Baek tells the story of North Korea's information underground--the network of citizens who take extraordinary risks by circulating illicit content such as foreign films, television shows, soap operas, books, and encyclopedias. By fostering an awareness of life outside North Korea and enhancing cultural knowledge, the materials these citizens disseminate are affecting the social and political consciousness of a people, as well as their everyday lives. -- Website.
Fundamentals of human communication
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
Abstract.
Ethics of media
Finland : media, Internet and telecommunications : complete profile
Reading media theory : thinkers, approaches and contexts
The Nordic media market : Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, Sweden : media companies and business activities 2003
Russia and the olympic movement : a study of Russian national identity as described in the newspaper Sovetskij Sport during the winter olympic games of 1988, 1992, 1994, and in the future winter olympic games of 2014
Virtuous reality : how America surrendered discussion of moral values to opportunists, nitwits and blockheads like William Bennet
The handbook of communication and corporate social responsibility
New media and religious transformations in Africa
A history of broadcasting in the United States. 1, A Tower in Babel : To 1933
Mapping the Somali media : an overview
"Over the past 45 years, award-winning sociologist David L. Altheide has illuminated how media formats and media logic affect our understanding of social issues, of how political decisions are made, and of how we relate to each other. In this masterful, summative work, Altheide describes the media syndrome: how these factors shape our expectations of, and reactions to, both public and personal events. Ideal for courses on mass media and political communication, the book -provides a detailed description of the media syndrome and its impact on daily life; -uses historical and contemporary examples from Watergate to Edward Snowden; -includes the changes in the ecology of communication from mass media to social media and its social impact"--
Health communication : theory, method, and application / edited by Nancy Grant Harrington
Communication yearbook : an annual review published for the International Communication Association. 15
The weight of images : affect, body image and fat in the media
Finnish mass media
Media today : mass communication in a converging world
Ill effects : the media/violence debate
The media studies reader
Media studies journal
Ethnic minorities and the media : changing cultural boundaries
Beyond media : new approaches to mass communication
The challenge of democracy : to achieve a global plus-sum game
The effects of mass communication
Media law : the rights of journalists and broadcasters
Essentials of mass communication theory
Focal words on environmental issues : in a British tabloid and a quality newspaper
Mass media V : an introduction to modern communication
Media & culture : an introduction to mass communication
The process and effects of mass communication
Introduction to mass communication : media literacy and culture
Few voices, many worlds : toward a media reform movement
The blogization of journalism : how blogs politicize media and social space in Russia
Effective media relations : how to get results
Science and the mass media
Broadcasting in Africa
A general curricular model for mass media education
Conglomerates and the media
Maincurrents in mass communications
The media and social theory
Mass communication in India
Introduction to mass communication
Construing and defining the out of control : addiction in the media 1968-2008
Responsibility in mass communication
Development communication : rhetoric and reality
Electronic media and government : the regulation of wireless and wired mass communication in the United States
Now in a fully revised and updated edition, this concise and insightful book explores the ways American popular products such as movies, music, television programs, fast food, sports, and even clothing styles have molded and continue to influence modern globalization. Lane Crothers offers a thoughtful examination of both the appeal of American products worldwide and the fear and rejection they induce in many people and nations around the world. The author defines what we mean by "popular culture," how popular culture is distinguished from the generic concept of "culture," and what constitutes "American" popular culture. Tracing how U.S. movies, music, and TV became dominant in world popular culture, Crothers also considers the ways in which non-visual products like fast-food franchises, sports, and fashion have become ubiquitous. He also presents a fascinating set of case studies that highlight the varied roles American products play in a range of different nations and communities. Concluding with a projection of the future impact of American popular culture, this book makes a powerful argument for its central role in shaping global politics and economic development.
The press of Africa : persecution and perseverance
Reflections on public broadcasting : rise of the modern press in Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden
The international encyclopedia of media effects. Volume I, A-D
Strategic management in the media : from theory to practice
The Liquor weeks : alcohol in the public library
Russian media challenge
Understanding mass communication
Intergovernmental Council of the International Programme for the Development of Communication : (second session), Acapulco, 18-25 January 1982 : final report
Screening the public sphere : media and democracy in India
Television and Fertility
2009 stylebook and briefing on media law
Voices in the media : discourse representation in articles about the case of Elián González in Time and Newsweek
Much research has been conducted in the field of utilising the media - television and radio in particular - to promote particular public health messages. However, a burgeoning canon has examined how mass media can play a role in affecting change in fertility preferences and outcomes. In this paper we review these researches which have primarily focussed upon higher fertility settings. The impact of mass media presentation of families and children in low fertility settings has not yet been subject to rigorous sociological investigation so its impact can not be accurately inferred. However, given the pervasive nature of mass media and celebrity culture, we suggest that this is an important avenue for future research. We conclude that television plays a multi-faceted role in shaping individuals decision-making procedures concerning both demographic events and public health interactions. To illustrate this, we present a model which demonstrates a sliding scale of intent - but not impact - of various genres in order to understand the actual role of the media in shaping attitudes towards family size - either explicitly in terms of edutainment or implicitly as a forms of normalization. .
Mass communications and culture
Sport beyond television : the internet, digital media and the rise of networked media sport
The information machines : their impact on men and the media
The two faces of TASS
Media and identity in contemporary Europe : consequences of global convergence
Cyberculture and new media
Power and need in Africa
The flow of information : an experiment in mass communication
Children's media barometer 2010 : the use of media among 0-8-year-olds in Finland : an English summary of the original Finnish report
"The Routledge Handbook of Chinese Media is a prestigious reference work providing an overview of the study of Chinese media. The editors bring together an interdisciplinary perspective with contributions from an international team of renowned scholars on subjects such as television, journalism and the internet and social media. Locating Chinese media within a regional setting by focusing on 'Greater China', the People's Republic of China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Macau and overseas Chinese communities; the chapters highlight the convergence of media and platforms in the region and emphasise the multi-directional and trans-national character of media and information flows in East Asia"-- Provided by publisher.
On the cusp of postwar modernization : Americanization, international culture, and gender roles in Finnish commercials, 1955-1975
The global and the national : media and communications in post-Communist Russia
Journalism and PR : new media and public relations in the digital age
Understanding media and culture : an introduction to mass communication
Journalism & mass communication quarterly
How to speak TV, print & radio : a self-defence manual : when youŕe the news
Media research : technology, art, communication ; essays
Media industries : the production of news and entertainment
Mind-based media and communications technologies : how the form of symbolical information influences felt meaning
New media - new norms : transparency in Finnish online journalism
Communication
Mapping media and communication research : the Netherlands
The bilingual screen : ethnolinguistic identity and television viewing among three language minorities
The photographic image in digital culture
An arm of democracy for promoting human rights or simple rhetoric? : media developments and communication competence in eastern and southern Africa in the 1990s
Asian media productions
Media history after 1945
Featuring a wide range of exercises, examples, and images, this textbook provides a practical way of analysing the discourses of the global media industries. Building on a comprehensive introduction to the history and theory of global media communication, specific case studies of lifestyle and entertainment media are explored with examples from films, global women's magazines, Vietnamese news reporting and computer war games. Finally this book investigates how global media communication is produced, looking at the formats, languages and images used in creating media materials, both globally and in localised forms. At a time when the media is becoming increasingly global, often with the same films, news and television programmes shown all over the world; "Global Media Discourse" provides an accessible, lively introduction into how globalisation is changing the language and communicative practices of the media. Integrating a range of approaches, including political economy, discourse analysis and ethnography, this book will be of particular interest to students of media and communication studies, applied linguistics, and (critical) discourse analysis.
Where the truth lies : trust and morality in PR and journalism
Arab television industries
Readings in mass communication : concepts and issues in the mass media
The international encyclopedia of media effects. Volume II, E-K
Massenmedien und Wahlen = Mass media and elections : international research perspectives
Mass media and cultural relationships
South Asian Media Cultures : audiences, representaions, contexts
A manual on mass media in population and development
The international encyclopedia of communication
Design literacy : understanding graphic design
Closing the shop : information cartels and Japan's mass media
The Nordic media market 2009 : media companies and business activities
Media and politics in new democracies : Europe in a comparative perspective
Nordic/SADCC media seminar proceedings : Harare, Zimbabwe, 16-19 September 1988
European media policy for the twenty-first century : assessing the past, setting agendas for the future
There is no such thing as a free press : and we need one more than ever
African broadcast cultures : radio in transition
Also they have a meaning
Narrative across media : the languages of storytelling
NordMedia 2007 : 18th Nordic Concerence on Media and Communication Research, Helsinki, 16-19 August 2007
Script planning : positioning and developing scripts for TV and film
Mass media and media policy in Western Europe
Critical studies in media communication : a publication of the National Communication Association
Routledge handbook of Chinese media
Basic books in the mass media : an annotated, selected booklist covering general communications, book publishing, broadcasting, editorial journalism, film, magazines, and advertising
Who's who in mass communication
Mapping communication and media research : conjunctures, institutions, challenges
North Korea's hidden revolution : how the information underground is transforming a closed society
Executive summary.
Dimensions of communication
Spending advertising money in the digital age : how to navigate the media flow
The creation of the media : political origins of modern communications
Media today : an introduction to mass communication
Communication and cultural domination
New media language
The new media handbook
See no evil : a guide to protecting our children from media violence
Introduction to mass communications
Joukkoviestimet 2013 = Finnish mass media 2013.
The post-socialist media: what power the West? : the changing media landscape in Poland, Hungary, and the Czech Republic
Regulation, awareness, empowerment : young people and harmful media content in the digital age
Audiencemaking : how the media create the audience
Who calls the shots? : proceedings of the 1991 International Conference on Women, Media and Advertising
The media in the core of political conflict : Venezuela during the last years of Hugo Chávez's presidency
Media and morality : on the rise of the mediapolis
Mapping media and communication research : Belgium
Voices of a nation : a history of mass media in the United States
Rights vs. responsibilities : the Supreme Court and the media
The mind managers
Hope and despair : representations of Europe and Africa  in Finnish news coverage of “migration crisis”
The international encyclopedia of media effects. Volume III, L-O
Critical studies in mass communication
People, society and mass communications
Mass culture and perestroika in the Soviet Union
Mass media in the USSR
The beginning of the 21st century has witnessed distinctive examples of a global politicized Islam: Islamic controversies originating in the actions of non-Muslims. The most important of these has been the 'cartoon crisis', originating in the cartoons of Mohammad published by the Danish Jyllands-Posten . The article describes and analyzes the reactions of Muslims as they developed in the context of the cartoon crisis. The significance of the Islamic public sphere in understanding the crisis is discussed in theoretical terms. It is argued that the crisis demonstrated the significance of a mass effect as a prducer of global Islam, of the struggle for control of public sphere, and of the creation of counter-publics. The analysis deals with the nature of the political activity connected to the crisis. Themes discussed in the article include the politics of recognition, community victimization, the principle of collective responsibility, and processual politics.
Understanding media users : from theory to practice
A handbook of media and communication research : qualitative and quantitative methodologies
Relations of television : genre and gender in the production, reception and text of a Japanese family drama
"And now to the rest of the trash..." : representations of begging Roma and an ideal society in two Nordic newspapers
Populism, media and education : challenging discrimination in contemporary digital societies
Mediatization and religion : Nordic perspectives
Media, gender and identity : an introduction
100 Photographs that changed the world
Making television useful in a developing country : the case of Zimbabwe
Media system of Finland
Whose news? : the media and women's issues
Silent democracy, noisy media
Mass communications
Understanding media industries
Communications and the 'Third World'
Handbook of mass media ethics
Media advocacy and public health : power for prevention
Enduring issues in mass communication
The suffocation of Hong Kong : decline of press freedom since the 1997 handover
Picture perfect : Putte Wilhelmsson on difference and indifference in the global village
Children's media barometer 2011 : media use among 7-11-year-old children and their experiences on media education : an english summary of the original Finnish report
Writing for the media in Southern Africa
A sampler of international media and communication statistics 2010
Media, culture and society : an introduction
Cultural life in Hungary
Globalization and American popular culture
Handbook of sports and media
The law of public communication
The cultural study of reception
Cultivating habitats of meaning : broadcasting, participation and interculturalism
EMTEL II research (European media technology and everyday life network) : diasporic minorities and their media in the EU : a mapping
Media research : technology, art, communication
The Television Handbook is a critical introduction to the practice and theory of television. The book examines the state of television today, explains how television is made and how production is organised, and discusses how critical thinking about programmes and genres can illuminate their meanings. This book also explores how developments in technology and the changing structure of the television industry will lead the medium in new directions. The Television Handbook gives practical advice on many aspects of programme making, from an initial programme idea through to shooting and the post-p.
The international encyclopedia of media effects. Volume IV, P-Z
Protest campaigns, media and political opportunities
The crisis of public communication
The rise of the network society
America through the eyes of China and India : television, identity and intercultural communication in a changing world
The politics of metaphor : biotechnology and biodiversity in the media
The Television Handbook
Mass media statistics
What is a child? : popular images of childhood
Mass communication theory : an introduction
Beyond powerful radio : a communicator's guide to the internet age : news, talk, information & personality for broadcasting, podcasting, internet, radio
The journal of communication inquiry
Three papers on mass media and integration at international and national level : A joint project with section for long-range planning, the Finnish broadcasting company
South Africa media policy : debates of the 1990s
Role of the Estonian Russian-language media in the integration of the Russian-speaking minority into Estonian society
Personal influence : the part played by people in the flow of mass communications
The media studies book : a guide for teachers
A Handbook of Media and Communication Research presents qualitative as well as quantitative approaches to the study of media and communication, integrating perspectives from both the social sciences and the humanities. Taking methodology as a strategic level of analysis that joins practical concerns with theoretical issues, the Handbook offers a comprehensive and in-depth review of the field and a set of guidelines for how to think about, plan, and carry out media and communication studies in different social and cultural contexts. The second edition has been thoroughly updated with reference to the development of the internet, mobile, and other digital media. Each chapter addresses shifting configurations of established media organizations, media discourses, and media users in networked practices of communication. The introduction and one further chapter probe changing conceptions on mass and interpersonal, online and offline communication -- in research as in everyday life. Three new chapters have been added to exemplify different forms of research employing multiple methods to study multiple media in multiple contexts.
Cultural diversity and global media : the mediation of difference
Developing a crisis communication scorecard : outcomes of an international research project 2008-2011 (Ref.)
We live in the midst of a revolution in communication technologies that affects the way in which people feel, think, and behave. The media have become the space where power strategies are played out. In the current technological context mass communication goes beyond traditional media and includes the Internet and mobile communication. In this wide-ranging and powerful book, Manuel Castells analyses the transformation of the global media industry by this revolution in communication technologies. He argues that a new communication system, mass self-communication, has emerged, and power relationships have been profoundly modified by the emergence of this new communication environment. Created in the commons of the Internet this communication can be locally based, but globally connected. It is built through messaging, social networks sites, and blogging, and is now being used by the millions around the world who have access to the Internet.Drawing on a wide range of social and psychological theories, Castells presents original research on political processes and social movements, including the misinformation of the American public on the Iraq War, the global environmental movement to prevent climate change, the control of information in China and Russia, and Internet-based political campaigns, such as the Obama campaign in the United States. On the basis of these case studies he proposes a new theory of power in the information age based on the management of communication networks Justly celebrated for his analysis of the network society, Castells here builds on that work, offering a well grounded and immensely challenging picture of communication and power in the 21st century. This is a book for anyone who wants to understand the dynamics and character of the modern world.
Youth media
Reflections on public service broadcasting ; The rise of the modern press in Danmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden
Rethinking media pluralism : a critique of theories and policy discourses
Global media discourse : a critical introduction
Communication students' motives for and attitudes towards personal branding
Mass media research : an introduction
Mass communication and human interaction
Communication power
Electronic media : then, now and later
Going grey : the mediation of politics in an ageing society
Media and left
Media, monarchy and power
Global war - local views : media images of the Iraq war
Government denies knowledge : representations of the United States government in the television series The X-Files
Media, politics, and democracy
Globalized Islam in Europe: the cartoon crisis as transnational politics
Media perceptions and portrayals of pastoralists in Kenya, India and China
The new television handbook
Media freedom and accountability
The audience, the message, the speaker
On the discursive construction of corruption : a critical analysis of media texts
Public relations: a brief selective history -- Corporate PR -- Political communications -- How it's done : the Internet as a mechanism for a changed relationship between PR and journalism -- PR elsewhere -- Conclusions and recommendations -- Appendix: List of interviewees (who agreed to be named).
Nordicom review : Journal from the Nordic Information Centre for Media and Communication Research
"Exploring Health Communication from Multiple Perspectives provides coverage of the major current areas of interest (e.g., interpersonal, organizational, media). It takes an in-depth approach to health communication research by analyzing and critically evaluating research conducted across multiple paradigmatic perspectives. In addition, it offers features important to undergraduate texts, such as sidebars, summary boxes, suggestions for in-class activities, discussion questions, and lists of additional resources. This edited textbook includes a range of chapters covering interpersonal health communication issues, challenges and complexities in health communication, communication aspects of health behaviors and conditions, organizational issues in health communication, and media and eHealth research. This text is designed to be used in upper level health communication courses, and it may be of interest to master's level courses as well. Other social science disciplines such as health education and public health may also find the book to be of interest."
Media and politics in a globalizing world
Development communication policy and economic fundamentalism in Ghana
Analysis of the sponsoring impact on the mass media and local spectators: a case study of Caprabo Lleida Basketball
Russian middle class and media in the new millennium
