http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10555 conceptions of god
conceptions of god
A history of God : from Abraham to the present: the 4000-year quest for God
Cruel God, kind God : how images of God shape belief, attitude, and outlook
Atheism : the case against God
God and revelation in African context
God : a brief history
Aristotle East and West : metaphysics and the division of Christendom
Histories of the hidden God : concealment and revelation in Western gnostic, esoteric, and mystical traditions
God and cosmos in Stoicism
The living God
My idea of God - Mi idea sobre Dios
This volume brings together experts in the study of ancient prayers and divination methods to analyse the variety of means by which human beings sought to communicate with their gods and by which the gods were seen to communicate with their worshippers. In a departure from previous scholarship, the volume brings together the study of prophecy, as an intuitive form of divination, with the study of technical methods of communication and other forms of institutionalised communication such as prayer. Such a format allows divine-human communication to be studied in both directions simultaneously: the means by which the divine communicates to human beings through divination, and the means by which human beings communicate with the divine through prayer. This new perspective on the study of divine-human-divine communication allows scholars to better appreciate the way in which communication and the relationship between heaven and earth was conceived in the ancient near East.
THE SACRED AND THE PROFANE
Rethinking the ontological argument : a neoclassical theistic response
The theology of Thomas Aquinas
Analogy : a study of qualification and argument in theology
Misunderstandings about what it means for humans to be created in God's image have wreaked devastation throughout history — for example, slavery in the U. S., genocide in Nazi Germany, and the demeaning of women everywhere. In Dignity and Destiny John Kilner explores what the Bible itself teaches about humanity being in God's image. He discusses in detail all of the biblical references to the image of God, interacts extensively with other work on the topic, and documents how misunderstandings of it have been so problematic. People made according to God's image, Kilner says, have a special connection with God and are intended to be a meaningful reflection of him. Because of sin, they don't actually reflect him very well, but Kilner shows why the popular idea that sin has damaged the image of God is mistaken. He also clarifies the biblical difference between being God's image (which Christ is) and being in God's image (which humans are). He explains how humanity's creation and renewal in God's image are central, respectively, to human dignity and destiny. Locating Christ at the center of what God's image means, Kilner charts a constructive way forward and reflects on the tremendously liberating impact that a sound understanding of the image of God can have in the world today.
Divinity in things : religion without myth
Beyond personality : the Christian idea of God
As in a mirror : John Calvin and Karl Barth on knowing God : a diptych
A mature faith : [spiritual direction and anthropology in a theology of pastoral care and counseling]
The big questions
The invocation : an exloration of God and a call for world peace
The atheist's Bible : the most dangerous book that never existed
Hating god : the untold story of misotheism
Concepts of God in Africa
The body of God : an ecological theology
The question of God in Heidegger's phenomenology
Newton and Newtonianism : new studies
Motion and motion's God : thematic variations in Aristotle, Cicero, Newton, and Hegel
Thomas Aquinas's Summa contra gentiles : a mirror of human nature
Job's God
The violence of God and the war on terror
Speaking of God : relational theology
Vedantic approaches to God
Brothers estranged : heresy, Christianity, and Jewish identity in late antiquity
God, Christ & God's People in Asia : [As seen by the participants of the Consultation on the Theme 'Through a New Vision of God Towards the New Humanity in Christ' Kyoto, 1994]
The Christian concept of 'God' names a category with surprisingly heterogeneous contents. In the Old Testament traditions God is an anthropomorphic agent; in Christian theology God often appears as a personalized metaphysical principle; philosophers of religion try to find the inherent rationality of this concept; finally, some natural scientists regard God as the "intelligent designer" of the world. What is common to all these ideas, covering a time span of about 2,500 years, is that representations of God are triggered by the perception of order and control in the world.
Divine intervention : metaphysical and epistemological puzzles
Lectures on philosophical theology
This book is a vivid reconstruction of the practical aspects of ancient Egyptian religion. Through an examination of artifacts and inscriptions, the text explores a variety of issues. For example, who was allowed to enter the temples, and what rituals were preformed therein? Who served as priests? How were they organized and trained, and what did they do? What was the Egyptians,♯ ḁttitude toward death, and what happened at funerals? How did the living and dead communicate? In what ways could people communicate with the gods? What impact did religion have on the economy and longevity of the society? This book demystifies Egyptian religion, exploring what it meant to the people and society. The text is richly illustrated with images of rituals and religious objects.
Revisiting the doctrine of the divine attributes : in dialogue with Karl Barth, Eberhard Jüngel and Wolf Krötke
The possibility of an all-knowing God
The experience of God : Orthodox dogmatic theology. Vol. 1 : Revelation and knowledge of the triune God
Renewal theology. [1], God, the world & redemption
Visions of God and ideas on deification in patristic thought
Concepts of deity
Reimagining God : the case for scriptural diversity
The triumph of Elohim : from Yahwisms to Judaisms
Aslan in the Chronicles of Narnia as a representative of the Judeo-Christian God
Like catching water in a net : human attempts to describe the divine
African peoples, alongside other peoples of all generations with good genuine religions have had a sound saving knowledge of the One, True God before Christianity was introduced to them. This is so because the Divine Spirit responsible for this inspiration is not restricted to Christianity. Rather, it is incarnated in every sound and good religion in all the ages of humankind. The main conclusion of my Doctoral Thesis as summed up above has already raised healthy debate in various circles in Kenya and elsewhere. It is hoped that this book will be accessible to more readers than the original Thesis, and that it will raise vigorous discussions on this and related themes. -- “This book is a challenge to all those involved in mission and dialogue in Africa. They are cautioned to avoid the temptation to demand of prospective African converts to abandon their religious heritage as a prerequisite for admission to the Church of Christ. Rather, prospective converts to the Christian faith should be encouraged to digest the Gospel in accordance with their own understanding within their respective cultures. Only through this process can the Gospel become internalized cross-culturally.” Prof. Frans Wijsen, Radboud University, Netherlands. -- “This book imposes on the reader an argument so forcefully articulated that it I difficult to refute. Anyone involve in Christian missionary activity in Africa would be wise to take the book very seriously.” Prof. J.N.K Mugambi, University of Nairobi, Kenya
Earliest intellectual man's idea of the cosmos
Young, gifted and spiritual - the case of Finnish sixth-grade pupils
Philosophy of Benedict de Spinoza
God, religion and reality
In 1239, Pope Gregory IX accused Frederick II, the Holy Roman Emperor, of heresy. The author tracks the course of the book from its origins in 1239 to its most salient episodes in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries. He also sheds light on the persistence of free thought during a time when the outspoken risked being burned at the stake.
Thinking the divine in interreligious encounter
One god or many? : concepts of divinity in the ancient world
Dignity and destiny : humanity in the image of God
Peoples of an almighty god : competing religions in the ancient world
36 arguments for the existence of God : a work of fiction
The Christian doctrine of God, one being three persons
Mediating between heaven and earth : communication with the divine in the Ancient Near East
Graven ideologies : Nietzsche, Derrida & Marion on modern idolatry
The Christian understanding of God today : theological colloquium on the occasion of the 400th anniversary of the foundation of Trinity College, Dublin
Impossible God : Derrida's theology
Divine discourse : philosophical reflections on the claim that God speaks
The question of God : an introduction and sourcebook
Beyond Yahweh and Jesus : bringing death's wisdom to faith, spirituality, and psychoanalysis
The misunderstood God : the lies religion tells us about God
Theology for sceptics
God : the contemporary discussion
Why there almost certainly is a God : Doubting Dawkins
The God who acts : philosophical and theological explorations
The death of God : an investigation into the history of the Western concept of God
Critiques of God
The philosophy of religion : a critical introduction
Mister God, this is Anna
Conceptions of god in ancient Egypt : the one and the many
God's message to the world : you've got me all wrong
Lessons on Islamic doctrine. Book 1, God and his attributes
Rock of Ages? opens with the emergence of the Biblical God from the pantheon of deities in bronze age Canaan, and culminates in the radical images of God that were appearing at the end of the twentieth-century, providing a historical overview of the different and sometimes conflicting ways in which He has been understood.
God in the world
Does God have a nature?
Is there a God?
By the river Piedra I sat down and wept
The recalcitrant Imago Dei : human persons and the failure of naturalism
Conversations with God : an uncommon dialogue. Book 2
The traditional African concept of God and the Christian concept of God : Chukwu bụ ndụ - God is life, the Igbo perspective
The image of God and the psychology of religion
God and the world : believing and living in our time
The emergence of formative Judaism has traditionally been examined in light of a theological preoccupation with the two competing religious movements, 'Christianity' and 'Judaism' in the first centuries of the Common Era. In this book Ariel Schremer attempts to shift the scholarly consensus away from this paradigm, instead privileging the rabbinic attitude toward Rome, the destroyer of the temple in 70 C.E., over their concern with the nascent Christian movement. The palpable rabbinic political enmity toward Rome, says Schremer, was determinative in the emerging construction of Jewish self-identity. He asserts that the category of heresy took on a new urgency in the wake of the trauma of the Temple's destruction, which demanded the construction of a new self-identity. Relying on the late 20th-century scholarly depiction of the slow and measured growth of Christianity in the empire up until and even after Constantine's conversion, Schremer minimizes the extent to which the rabbis paid attention to the Christian presence. He goes on, however, to pinpoint the parting of the ways between the rabbis and the Christians in the first third of the second century, when Christians were finally assigned to the category of heretics.
God is not great : the case against religion
Do the gods know what you did today? : full access strategic agents and god concepts in Chinese popular religion
The incomprehensibility of God : Augustine as a negative theologian
Global gods : exploring the role of religions in modern societies
Deepest differences : a Christian-Atheist dialogue
Oceanic and Australasian mythology
The Goddesses and Gods of Old Europe : 6500-3500 BC : myths and cult images
God reflected : metaphors for life
Deus caritas est : Acts of the World Conference on Charity
Theology through the theologians : selected essays, 1972-1995
The Akan doctrine of God : a fragment of Gold Coast ethics and religion
The elements of pantheism : understanding the divinity in nature and the universe
Gods, demons and symbols of Ancient Mesopotamia : an illustrated dictionary
Religion and ritual in ancient Egypt
The portable atheist : essential readings for the nonbeliever
The triune God : a biblical, historical, and theological study
Breaking the spell : religion as a natural phenomenon
The origin of our belief in God
Philosophy of religion
God and the state
God in Africa : conceptions of god in African traditional religion and Christianity
The God delusion
The hyphenated phrase 'in-visibility' indicates that the visible and the invisible are inseparable and yet in tension with each other. If originating from acts of (in)visibilization, both the visible and the invisible are ethically imbued. Whether we see or overlook each other, respect or dismiss another's dignity, remember or forget a history of crimes against humanity, our (over)sight has an impact on our interaction. What, then, is implied in seeing the human being as created in the image of an invisible God, as imago Dei? Which (re)sources in Judaism and Christianity can counter idolatry in the sense of cognitive captivity and experiences of abandonment after the Shoah? In addressing such questions, this book outlines an ethics of in-visibility in an interdisciplinary dialogue between philosophy and theology, cultural history, art and media theory, sociology, literary and gender studies. Contributors: Christina von Braun, Iben Damgaard, Daniel Dayan, Arne Grøn, Hannes Langbein, Paul Mendes-Flohr, Melissa Raphael, N. Verbin, Alana M. Vincent, Claudia Welz, Christian Wiese, Elliot R. Wolfson.
The gods of Nepal : an introduction to the Deities of Hinduism and Buddhism with a glossary to aid in their identification
Oneness Pentecostals and the Trinity
Jonathan Edwards confronts the gods : Christian theology, Enlightenment religion, and non-Christian faiths
Goddess as nature : towards a philosophical thealogy
The rise of Mahāsena : the transformation of Skanda-Kārttikeya in North india from the Kuṣāṇa to Gupta empires
A moral ontology for a theistic ethic : gathering the nations in love and justice
The return of ancestral gods : modern Ukrainian paganism as an alternative vision for a nation
Place and spirit in Taiwan : Tudi Gong in the stories, strategies, and memories of everyday life
Christology : a biblical, historical, and systematic study of Jesus
God and the nature of time
Who is Allah?
Models of God : theology for an ecological, nuclear age
God, power and justice in texts of Simone Weil and Dorothee Sölle
Image of God and gender models in Judaeo-Christian traditon
Sharers in divine nature : 2 Peter 1:4 in its Hellenistic context
This is a collective study, in nine new essays, of the close connection between theology and cosmology in Stoic philosophy. The Stoic god is best described as the single active physical principle that governs the whole cosmos. The first part of the book covers three essential topics in Stoic theology: the active and demiurgical character of god, his corporeal nature and irreducibility to matter, and fate as the network of causes through which god acts upon the cosmos. The second part turns to Stoic cosmology, and how it relates to other cosmologies of the time. The third part examines the ethical and religious consequences of the Stoic theories of god and cosmos.
Goddesses and trees, new moon and Yahweh : ancient Near Eastern art and the Hebrew Bible
"God" as ultimate reality in religion and in science
God : a brief history with a cognitive explanation of the concept
In Western religious traditions, God is conventionally conceived as a humanlike creator, lawgiver, and king, a being both accessible and actively present in history. Yet there is a concurrent and strong tradition of a God who actively hides. The two traditions have led to a tension between a God who is simultaneously accessible to humanity and yet inaccessible, a God who is both immanent and transcendent, present and absent. Western Gnostic, esoteric, and mystical thinking capitalizes on the hidden and hiding God. He becomes the hallmark of the mystics, Gnostics, sages, and artists who attempt to make accessible to humans the God who is secreted away. 'Histories of the Hidden God' explores this tradition from antiquity to today. The essays focus on three essential themes: the concealment of the hidden God; the human quest for the hidden God, and revelations of the hidden God.
Rock of ages? : the changing faces of the christian God
Aisha's cushion : religious art, perception, and practice in Islam
Alpha god : the psychology of religious violence and oppression
God in early Christian thought : essays in memory of Lloyd G. Patterson
The openness of God : a biblical challenge to the traditional understanding of God
The divine Father : religious and philosophical concepts of divine parenthood in antiquity
Jonathan A. Goldstein turns to the religious literature of these ancient peoples to discover how they reconciled their beliefs with the realities of history. In a magnificent blend of several academic disciples (literary criticism, political theory, biblical and classical history), he compares and contrasts the responses of different eras and nations - from the Israelites, Babylonians, and Egyptians to the Zoroastrians, Iranians, and Persians under Alexander the Great. Goldstein's close readings of literature written following such devastating events as the fall of the Israelites to the Assyrians and the Babylonians demonstrate that theology, far from being a static and unchanging set of beliefs, evolves with the course of history. Revealing how each defeat helped to shape and define the religious beliefs of the conquered, Peoples of an Almighty God clearly demonstrates that no belief can remain unchanged or untouched by the beliefs of other people.
Augustine's way of speaking about God has been frequently deplored. It has been dismissed as too confident regarding the content of its assertions and too narrowly confined. The reception of Augustine's work appears to indicate that there was not a little truth to this view. Augustine's affirmative statements on God's essence and activities constituted the 'initial capital' of Christian theology and spirituality. In contemporary religion, a tendency is in evidence to deny that too specific an image of God can really contain absolute truth. Fully formulated religious truths have to be placed in perspective, or must even be deconstructed, especially if the suspicion arises that they inhibit openness to authentic religious experiences of unity and harmony. Given such an outlook on religion, it seems understandable that those who take contemporary culture's renewed interest in religion seriously ignored Augustine's work as an authoritative source for 'post-Christian' discourse about God.
The inconceivable polytheism : studies in religious historiography
Gods and the universe in Buddhist perspective : essays on Buddhist Cosmology and related subjects
Conversations with God : an uncommon dialogue. Book 1 : guidebook
The theology of Rāmānuja : an essay in interreligious understanding
The idea of the Holy : an inquiry into the non-rational factor in the idea of the divine and its relation to the rational
Atheist manifesto : the case against Christianity, Judaism, and Islam
The God of Jesus Christ
Total presence : the language of Jesus and the language of today
Why did Freud reject God? : a psychodynamic interpretation
The art of loving
Divine hiddenness : new essays
The rise of Yahwism : the roots of Israelite monotheism
Agnosticism : a very short introduction
On the nature and existence of God
God's many-splendored image : theological anthropology for Christian formation
The atheist's guide to Christmas
The affirmation that God acts in history has roots deep within the religious traditions of the West. The God depicted in biblical narrative is by no means a detached spectator, unconcerned with the course of events in the world. Rather, God engages human beings in and through their history, shaping the destinies of individuals and communities. While this way of thinking about God has profoundly shaped the theological imagination of the biblical religions, it has become a source of persistent puzzlement in modern theology. The rise of the natural sciences has demonstrated the power of understanding our world as governed by natural law, and this poses difficult questions about how God can be understood to act in a such a world. Furthermore, a compelling set of religious and ethical objections can be urged against the idea that God performs particular actions in history; the problem of evil arises here with great force. This book brings together a group of well-known philosophers and theologians for a sharply focused exchange on these crucial questions about the God who acts.
God and his attributes
Questions about God : today's philosophers ponder the Divine
God is watching you : how the fear of God makes us human
Ethics of in-visibility : Imago Dei, memory, and human dignity in Jewish and Christian thought
The idea of God in Homer
The doctrine of God : a global introduction
The enneads
God the Almighty : power, wisdom, holiness, love
The God who commands
The promise of Trinitarian theology
Religion : if there is no God : on God, the devil, sin and other worries of the so-called philosophy of religion
All about Adam & Eve : how we came to believe in gods, demons, miracles & magical rites
The silent god
God is not dead
The Summa contra gentiles is perhaps the most peculiar work of St. Thomas Aquinas, due to Thomas's decision to structure the work first according to what humans can say about God without revelation and then what humans can say about God once revelation is explicitly introduced. Such an approach to the human pursuit of the divine is otherwise unheard of in Thomas's own day, and this unusual structure has provided a fertile seedbed for a wide range of interpretations. Matthew Kostelecky's book shows the integral relationship between the conceptions of human nature and God operative throughout the Summa contra gentiles such that the text is always in a twofold movement, at once describing what humans can say about God while also reflecting human nature back on itself by delineating its limits and capabilities with respect to the possible human knowledge of God. As a result, the Summa contra gentiles is presented as a mirror of human nature as that nature is directed to its most noble object.
A dictionary of Egyptian gods and goddesses
God's power : traditional understandings and contemporary challenges
Contending with Christianity's critics : answering new atheists & other objectors
The Johannine exegesis of God : an exploration into the Johannine understanding of God
The revolution against the church : from reason to the Supreme Being
Knowledge of the self-revealing God in the thought of Thomas Forsyth Torrance
"Everything created by God is pure" : the image of God in Emanuel Vigeland's programme of art in his Tomba Emmanuelle in Oslo
Darwin and God
