http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1054 aircrafts
aircrafts
Flying saucer technology
On the move : an encyclopedia of transport
Weapons of the Navy SEALs
Helicopter test and evaluation
Air and space travel
The illustrated science encyclopedia : transport : a journey of discovery that explores how humans have developed ways of travelling on the sea, on land and in the air
Things that go
The world's greatest aircraft
Advanced control of aircraft, spacecraft and rockets
Aircraft powerplants
Jane's high-speed marine transportation. 2007-2008
Aircraft year book. 1939
Vehicles
Aerodynamics for engineering students
Flight through the ages : a complete, illustrated chronology from the dreams of early history to the age of space exploration
Airplanes
Introduction to aircraft aeroelasticity and loads
A history of airships
On miniature wings : model aircraft of the National air and space museum
The sources of complementary competitive advantages for systems' manufacturers in the aircraft modernization market
Detail & Scale 7 : F-4 Phantom II. 7
Finnish civil aircraft 1926-1999
The timechart of aviation history
Jane's surface skimmers 1972-73 : hovercraft and hydrofoils
Interpretive history of flight : a survey of the history and development of aeronautics with particular reference to contemporary influences and conditions
The illustrated encyclopedia...commerc. aircraft
Mechanics and thermodynamics of propulsion
The visual dictionary of flight
Global economic institutions : critical writings on global institutions. Volume 2, Trade
My first book of transport
Bond cars and vehicles
Reach for the skies : ballooning, birdmen & blasting into space
Investigation of aeronautical and engineering component failures
Wings Over Water : A chronicle of the flying boats and amphibians of the twentieth century
Aircraft : [discover everything you ever wanted to know about aircraft ... ]
Passenger safety and convenience systems
Polar vessel design temperature = Analysis of Russian temperature data
Jane's encyclopedia of aviation
The pre-astronauts : manned ballooning on the threshold of space
Let's look at flying machines
Handbook of transport and the environment
Handbook of aviation human factors
Small unmanned aircraft : theory and practice
Mighty machines
Aircraft annual. 1966
Empress of the sun
The Hamlyn colour encyclopedia of transport
Space encyclopedia
The big book of flight
BALLOONING : THE COMPLETE GUIDE TO RIDING THE WINDS
In the 1950s and early 1960s a small fraternity of daring, brilliant men made the first exploratory trips into the upper stratosphere, reaching the edge of outer space in tiny capsules suspended beneath plastic balloons. This book tells the story of these tenacious men as they labored on the cusp of a new age, seeing things that no one had ever seen and experiencing conditions no one was sure they could survive. Mostly U.S. Air Force and Navy officers, among them doctors, physicists, meteorologists, engineers, astronomers, and test pilots, they struggled with meager budgets, bureaucratic politics, and one another. It is a thrilling story of tremendous personal sacrifice and great risk for the promise of adventure and the opportunity to uncover a few precious aspects of the universe. Capt. Joseph Kittinger, for example, rode a balloon up to 103,000 feet in an open gondola and then stepped out and freefell to Earth, becoming the only person to break the sound barrier without a vehicle. Lt. Col. David Simons stayed aloft for a full day and night in a primitive pressurized capsule to become one of the first to see the curvature of the planet. In this work, Craig Ryan masterfully captures the drama of their spectacular achievements and those of many of the other space pioneers who made America's stratospheric balloon programs possible.
Aviation and airport security : terrorism and safety concerns
Milestones of the first century of flight
IHS Jane's all the world's aircraft. 2012-2013, Development & production
Space Believe it or not! ; Mighty machines Believe it or not!
The standard handbook for aeronautical and astronautical engineers
Popular culture in London c. 1890-1918 : the transformation of entertainment
Jane's all the world's aircraft 2008-2009
The usborne big book of big machines
Introduction to aircraft design
Flight physics : introduction to disciplines and technology of aircraft flight
Big book of airplanes
Jeep goes to war
Jack Cloudie
Physics of the environment
Accelerated test methods for ground and aerospace vehicle development / an SAE professional development e-seminar / Handbook & educational support materials
Jane's surface skimmers 1975-76 : hovercraft and hydrofoils
Flight vehicle performance and aerodynamic control
Principles of helicopter aerodynamics
The big noisy book of things that go
100 years of aviation
Aeronautical engineers' data book
Improving air quality : progress and challenges for the auto industry
Hot air balloons
The international directory of civil aircraft. 1997/98
Aircraft and flight
Jane's aircraft recognition guide
Analysis and design of flight vehicle structures
Zeppelins : German airships 1900-40
Aircraft year book. 1929
Milestones of manned flight : the ages of flight from the Wright brothers to stealth technology
Graf Zeppelin : the adventures of an aerial globetrotter
Vehicle thermal management systems : held on 18-21 May 2003 at the Hilton Brighton Metropole Hotel, Brighton, UK
