http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10561 printers (data processing)
printers (data processing)
Fabricated : the new world of 3D printing
Practical 3D printers : the science and art of 3D printing
Creative digital printmaking : a photographer's guide to professional desktop printing
3D printing ; the next industrial revolution
Abstract.
Printing the image
Instant fabric : quilted projects from your home computer
Xerography and troubleshooting
Printing in plastic : build your own 3D printer
3D printing with SketchUp : real-world case studies to help you design models in SketchUp for 3D printing on anything ranging from the smallest desktop machines to the largest industrial 3D printers
Fine art printing for photographers : exhibition quality prints with inkjet printers
Make : ultimate guide to 3D printing 2014
Mastering 3D printing
Digital negatives : using Photoshop to create digital negatives for silver and alternative process printing
A haptic rendering system for virtual handheld electronic products
Job grouping in surface mounted component printing
The printing ink manual
3D printing is no longer just a figment of your imagination. This remarkable technology is coming to the masses with the growing availability of 3D printers. 3D printers create 3-dimensional layered models and they allow users to create prototypes that use multiple materials and colors. This friendly-but-straightforward guide examines each type of 3D printing technology available today and gives artists, entrepreneurs, engineers, and hobbyists insight into the amazing things 3D printing has to offer. You'll discover methods for the creation of 3D printable objects using software, 3D scanners, and even photographs with the help of this timely For Dummies guide.
Effect of different substances for color printing quality
Printout generation in a large client-server application
Getting started with MakerBot
3D printing 90 success secrets : 90 most asked questions - what you need to kow
How electronic things work ... and what to do when they don't
3d Printing : high-impact emerging technology - what you need to know: definitions, adoptions, impact, benefits, maturity, vendors
3D printed science projects : ideas for your classroom, science fair, or home
Introduction to prepress
The art and technique of digital color correction
Great production by design
301 inkjet tips and techniques : an essential printing resource for photographers
3D Printing for Artists, Designers and Makers
New surface size composition changes paper surface properties for improving ink jet printability of copy paper
3D-printers : a beginner's guide
Make : 3D printing projects
This book tells the story of 3D printers, humble manufacturing machines that are bursting out of the factory and into schools, kitchens, hospitals, even onto the fashion catwalk. The book describes the emerging world of printable products, where people design and 3D print their own creations as easily as they edit an online document. A 3D printer transforms digital information into a physical object by carrying out instructions from an electronic design file, or "blueprint."
The designer's desktop manual
Mastering advanced Photoshop techniques : for professional photography
Inkjet printing of carbon nanotubes for electronic applications
Reduced-reference methods for measuring quality attributes of natural images in imaging systems
3D printing for dummies
Beginning design for 3D printing
The magic of digital printing
Real world color management : industrial-strength production techniques
Graphic designer's print + color handbook
Bigelow's PC hardware desk reference
The digital print : the complete guide to processes, identification and preservation
Even if you've never touched a 3D printer, these projects will excite and empower you to learn new skills, extend your current abilities, and awaken your creative impulses. Each project uses a unique combination of electronics, hand assembly techniques, custom 3D-printed parts, and software, while teaching you how to think through and execute your own ideas. Written by the founder of Printrbot, his staff, and veteran DIY authors, this book of projects exemplifies the broad range of highly personalized, limit-pushing project possibilities of 3D printing when combined with affordable electronic components and materials. In Make: 3D Printing Projects, you'll: Print and assemble a modular lamp that's suitable for beginners--and quickly gets you incorporating electronics into 3D-printed structures. Learn about RC vehicles by fabricating--and driving--your own sleek, shiny, and fast Inverted Trike. Model a 1950s-style Raygun Pen through a step-by-step primer on how to augment an existing object through rapid prototyping. Fabricate a fully functional, battery-powered screwdriver, while learning how to tear down and reconstruct your own tools. Get hands-on with animatronics by building your own set of life-like mechanical eyes. Make a Raspberry Pi robot that rides a monorail of string, can turn corners, runs its own web server, streams video, and is remote-controlled from your phone. Build and customize a bubble-blowing robot, flower watering contraption, and a DIY camera gimbal.
"In 3D Printing Will Rock the World, John Hornick takes a deep look into the world of 3D printing and its potential future impact on business, manufacturing, science, crime, law, education, and basically, life as we know it."--Back cover.
3D printing will rock the world
Digital print styles recipe book : getting professional results with Photoshop Elements and your inkjet printer
Absolute beginner's guide to A+ certification
Implementing a new printing solution : FollowPrint
Spectral characterization of paper and print
Getting started with 3D printing : a hands-on guide to the hardware, software, and services behind the new manufacturing revolution
Print your own fabric
3d printing : build your own 3d printer and print your own 3d objects
3D printing : the next technology gold rush : future factories and how to capitalize on distributed manufacturing
