http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10556 wild plants
wild plants
Feral : rewilding the land, the sea and human life
Wildflowers of the Pacific Northwest
Musa campestris Beccari varieties in northern Borneo
Genome constitution for Musa beccarii (Musaceae) varieties
Nature printing with herbs, fruits & flowers
British & European wild flowers
Field guide to the wild plants of the Benelux
Wildflowers and winter weeds
The herbarium accessions amount to 17,308 specimens, including 6,599 specimens of phanerogams and pteridophytes, 1,708 specimens of bryophytes and algae, 9,000 specimens of fungi (including lichens), and 1 specimen of zoocecidia. Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here..
Finnish botanists on the Kola Peninsula (Russia) up to 1918.
A photographic guide to wild flowers of South Africa
Field trips : bug hunting, animal tracking, bird watching, shore walking with Jim Arnosky
Collins photoguide to the wild flowers of the Mediterranean
Karte der natürlichen Vegetation Europas = Map of the natural vegetation of Europe. [1], Erläuterungstext = Explanatory text
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2013.
Wildflowers of Fogo Island and Change Islands
Second Global Plan of Action for Plant Genetic Resources for Food and Agriculture : adopted by the FAO Council, Rome, Italy, 29 November 2011.
This book is arranged in 3 sections. The first section (Chapters 2-4) provides an introduction to the flower seed industry and identifies the users of flower seeds. These chapters provide a historical treatment of the industry and emphasize the challenges and opportunities for the ornamental and bedding plant and wildflower industries. The second section (Chapters 5-10) considers the science of flower seed production. Discussions focus on the establishment of successful breeding programmes by seed companies, factors controlling flower induction to obtain high-quality seeds and maximize yield, structure and anatomy of flower seeds, as well as the physiological events that govern seed germination, dormancy imposition and release, and seed deterioration. The third section (Chapters 11-17) discusses the technology of flower seeds. This includes chapters on cleaning, enhancements, germination, viability and vigour testing of flower seeds. Specific guidelines and information to accomplish these tasks are given. A chapter is also provided, describing the activities of the Ornamental Plant Germplasm Centre, the only governmental organization dedicated to conserving germplasm for the future genetic improvement of flower crops.
Cyanobacterial RNA polymerase : structural features and acclimation to environmental change
Jacob Fellman - the botanising priest
Crop wild relative conservation and use
The weed flora in conventionally and organically grown spring cereals was investigated in southern and central Finland during 2007-2009. The survey was conducted in 16 regions, 283 farms and 595 fields (72 organically cropped and 523 conventionally cropped fields, of which 503 were treated with herbicides). The occurrence of weeds was assessed in late July-early August. Altogether 148 weed species were identified, of which 128 were broad-leaved and 20 grass species. In organically cropped fields, the average species number per field was 21 and the most frequent species were Chenopodium album 96%, Stellaria media 94%, Viola arvensis 94% and Elymus repens 89%. In conventionally cropped fields, the average species number was 12 and the most frequent weed species were Viola arvensis 83%, Stellaria media 65%, Galeopsis spp. 59% and Galium spurium 59%. The average density of weeds was 160 m-2 (median = 112) in sprayed conventional fields and 519 m-2 (468) in organic fields. The average air-dry biomass of weeds was 167 kg ha-1 (median = 82) and 775 kg ha-1 (563), respectively. Elymus repens, the most frequent and abundant grass species, produced the highest proportion (about 30%) of the total weed biomass in both cropping systems. The frequency of Galium spurium in conventional cropping and Fumaria officinalis in organic cropping had increased substantially since the previous survey in 1997-1999. The average size of the weed seedbank in the 5 cm surface layer was about 1 700 seeds m-2, the most predominant seeds being of C. album. Although the weed flora in Finnish spring cereal fields consists of numerous species, only a fraction of them severely threaten crop production in terms of their frequency and abundance. Weeds in conventional cropping were effectively controlled with available herbicides whereas weed management in organic cropping calls for urgent measures such as direct mechanical weed control in crop stands, which was not practised at all in survey fields.
Natal wild flowers
Cunningham's encyclopedia of magical herbs
Luonnontuotealan valtakunnallinen tutkimusseminaari : 5.10.2010 Joensuu, Itä-Suomen yliopisto = Proceedings of the national research seminar on nature products, Joensuu, October 5, 2010
Karte der natürlichen Vegetation Europas = Map of the natural vegetation of Europe. [2], Legende = Legend
Native ferns and fern allies of Ynnan China in colour
Wild flowers of Spain and Portugal
A wild flower alphabet
Weeds in spring cereal fields in Finland - a third survey
The herbarium accessions amount to 19,853 specimens, including 4,751 phanerogams and pteridophytes, 2,559 specimens of bryophytes and algae, 5,000 specimens of fungi, 7,542 specimens of lichens, and 1 specimen of zoocecidia. Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here.
Towards bast fibre production in Finland : Stem and fibre yields and mechanical fibre properties of selected fibre hemp and linseed genotypes
Typification of Musa salaccensis and nomenclatural notes on Musa (Musaceae)
Ericas of South Africa
The effects of conventional and organic farming system on some quality parameters of grains were studied in winter and spring common wheat, spelt wheat and proso millet. Under organic farming conditions, spelt wheat was characterized by the most favorable grain chemical composition (essential amino acids index [EAAI] 85.3, o-dihydroxyphenol 2.00 g kg-1, nitrogen [N] 23.5 g kg-1, magnesium [Mg] 705, zinc [Zn] 32.9 mg kg-1), followed by millet (total dietary fiber [TDF] 185.3 g kg-1, Mg 904, copper [Cu] 6.27, iron [Fe] 57.0 mg kg-1). The above-mentioned cereals also showed a satisfactory yield level under the organic system (spelt wheat 2.69, proso millet 1.42 t ha-1). Both in winter and spring common wheat organic farming led a significant reduction in productivity, but the content of chemical components in grain (dihydroxyphenols—spring wheat 1.68 g kg-1, winter wheat 1.74 g kg-1; selenium [Se]—spring wheat 53.4 mg kg-1, winter wheat 40.5 mg kg-1; some amino acids—spring wheat valine [Val] 5.11, methionine [Met] 2.09, tryptophan [Trp] 0.40 g kg-1, winter wheat glutamate [Glu] 41.9, proline [Pro] 15.3, glysine [Gly] 5.24, arginine [Arg] 5.04, [Trp] 0.97 g kg-1) was more favorable compared to the conventional system. The present study showed that the organic farming system does not result in reduced productivity neither in spelt wheat or proso millet, but contributes to an improvement in their grain quality parameters. On the other hand, common wheat performed better under the conventional system..
Locally used plants in Bulamogi County, Uganda: diversity and modes of utilisation : medicinal, edible, fodder and firewood species
Proceedings of the IInd International Symposium on Underutilized Plant Species "Crops for the Future - Beyond Food Security" : Kuala Lumbur, Malaysia June 27-July 1, 2011
Functional genomic approaches for deciphering plant-virus interactions
Wild flowers
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2014.
Field and laboratory methods for grassland and animal production research
Trees and forests : a colour guide : biology, pathology, propagation, silviculture, surgery, biomes, ecology, conservation
Plants of western Oregon, Washington & British Columbia
Cultivated plants and their wild relatives
Genes from the wild : using wild genetic resources for food and raw materials
Wildflowers of Denali National Park
Novel proteins involved in dynamics of the photosynthetic apparatus
Field guide to wild flowers of Southern Europe
Coming to terms with conservation under climate change : using species distribution models and translocation trials for estimating the need and potential of assisted migration
Wildflowers of Newfoundland and Labrador
Three trials were performed on two organic farms with dairy and suckler cows and using home-produced forage and feed crops, predominantly grass-clover ley, in order to determine whether boron (B) is a limiting factor for legumes on coarse-textured soils in an area predisposed to low B soil concentrations. The effects of B fertilisation (applied as sprayed liquid) on biomass yield, botanical composition and plant macro- and micronutrient concentrations relative to soil concentrations and livestock requirements were investigated. Boron fertilisation (i) did not affect any yield, (ii) increased the white clover percentage significantly in forage on one farm and (iii) increased B concentrations in plants and soil on both farms, and (iv) did not affect concentrations of other nutrients in forage on either farm. Thus, B was not an obvious limiting factor on these farms. Effects of management practices on interactions and   ratios between B, calcium (Ca), potassium (K), magnesium (Mg) and sodium (Na) and their implications are discussed.
Flowers : a guide to familiar American wildflowers
The naturetrail omnibus
Identification and quantification of indirect land and resource use changes : challenges caused by expanding liquid biofuel production
Personalities of Russian amateur botany, 1. Leontius Petrovich Alexandrov (1857-1929), and the neglected protologue of Alchemilla propinqua H.Lindb.
Guide to some of East Africa's upland flowers
Producing Sea Buckthorn of High Quality : proceedings of the 3rd European Workshop on Sea Buckthorn : Naantali, Finland, October 14-16, 2014
Fireweed, roseroot, Bergenia and chokeberry : joint research for supporting the herb production
Food for free
Proceedings of the Ist International Symposium on Wild Relatives of Subtropical and Temperate Fruit and Nut Crops : Davis, California, USA, March 19-23, 2011
Native plants of northern Australia
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2007.
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2008.
Guide to orchids of North America
The illustrated encyclopedia of wildflowers & flora of the world : an expert reference and identification guide to over 1730 wild flowers and plants from every continent : 3800 beautiful illustrations, maps and photographs
"Lilies of the field" : a book of Cyprus wild flowers
Wild flowers of Britain and Europe
Gene flow between crops and their wild relatives
Wildflowers of Nova Scotia, New Brunswick & Prince Edward Island
Herbs for long-lasting health : how to make and use herbal remedies for lifelong vitality
A child's guide to California wildflowers. Book 1, Mountains & foothills
Craft from natural materials
The national crop wild relative strategy report for Finland
Wild flowers of Britain
Delectus seminum : list of seeds and spores available in 1994.
Musa lawitiensis Nasution & Supard. (Musaceae) and its intraspecific taxa in Borneo
Hunt, gather, cook : finding the forgotten feast
Wild flowers of South Africa
Wild flowers of the Yukon, Alaska and northwestern Canada
Variation in grazing tolerance and restoration of meadow plant communities
Karte der natürlichen Vegetation Europas = Map of the Natural Vegetation of Europe. [3], Karten = Maps
Flora of the Azores : a field guide
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2010.
Urban wildlife habitats : a landscape perspective
Alaska's wild plants : a guide to Alaska's edible harvest
A field guide to the plants of Arizona
The wild flowers of Ireland : the habitat guide
Flora of Madeira
Wild flowers of the Mediterranean
British wild flowers. vol. 2
Weed flora in organically grown spring cereals in Finland
Wild flowers of the Pyrenees
Feral : rewilding the land, sea and human life
Wildflowers of Unalaska Island : a guide to the flowering plants of an Aleutian Island
Trade measures - tools to promote the sustainable use of NWFP? : an assessment of trade related instruments influencing the international trade in non-wood forest products and associated management and livelihood strategies
The Essentials of traditional Chinese herbal medicine
British wild flowers. vol. 1
A Botanical expedition researching wild bananas of Borneo
Leaf-targeted ferredoxin-NADP[+] oxidoreductase (FNR) : electron transfer properties and thylakoid assocoation in Arapidopsis thaliana
Vegetation patterns of boreal herb-rich forests in the Koli region, eastern Finland : classification, environmental factors and conservation aspects
Molecular mechanisms and interactions in regulation of photosynthetic reactions
Typification and check-list of Musa L. names (Musaceae) with nomenclatural notes
The content of dietary fiber, amino acids, dihydroxyphenols and some macro- and micronutrients in grain of conventionally and organically grown common wheat, spelt wheat and proso millet
Flower guide for holiday weekends in Eastern Canada and Northeastern U.S.A
Discovering wild plants : Alaska, western Canada, the northwest
The Hamlyn photographic guide to the wild flowers of Britain & Northern Europe
A field guide to Rocky Mountain wildflowers : from northern Arizona and New Mexico to British Columbia
Succulents of the Transvaal
Wildflowers : a portrait of the natural world
The herbarium accessions amount to 19,878 specimens, including 5,510 specimens of vascular plants, 2,767 specimens of bryophytes and algae, 11,566 specimens of fungi (incl. lichens), and 35 specimens of zoocecidia. Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here..
Country flowers in watercolour
Wild food
Wildflowers across America
To be an environmentalist early in the twenty-first century is always to be defending, arguing, acknowledging the hurdles we face in our efforts to protect wild places and fight climate change. But let's be honest: hedging has never inspired anyone. So what if we stopped hedging? What if we grounded our efforts to solve environmental problems in hope instead, and let nature make our case for us? That's what George Monbiot does in Feral, a lyrical, unabashedly romantic vision of how, by inviting nature back into our lives, we can simultaneously cure our "ecological boredom" and begin repairing centuries of environmental damage. Monbiot takes readers on an enchanting journey around the world to explore ecosystems that have been "rewilded": freed from human intervention and allowed--in some cases for the first time in millennia--to resume their natural ecological processes. We share his awe, and wonder, as he kayaks among dolphins and seabirds off the coast of Wales and wanders the forests of Eastern Europe, where lynx and wolf packs are reclaiming their ancient hunting grounds. Through his eyes, we see environmental success--and begin to envision a future world where humans and nature are no longer separate and antagonistic, but are together part of a single, healing world.
Thylakoid protein phosphorylation in regulation of photosynthesis
Bulbs of North America
Wild herb : cookbook
Use and potential of wild plants in farm households
The genus Gentiana
Flower seeds : biology and technology
Wildflowers along the Alaska Highway
Weed flora and weed management of field peas in Finland
Wild wheat : an introduction
Herbs : the complete gardener's guide
Spring and winter flowering bulbs of the Cape
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2012.
Meat and bone meal as nitrogen fertilizer to cereals in Norway
NADPH-dependent thioredoxin system in regulation of chloroplast functions
Wild orchids across North America : a botanical travelogue
Photodamage to oxygen evolving complex : an initial event in photoinhibition of photosystem II
The herbarium accessions amount to 19,139 specimens, including 5,238 phanerogams and pteridophytes, 2,598 specimens of bryophytes and algae, and 11,303 specimens of fungi (incl. lichens). Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here..
Collins flower guide
The observer's book of wild flowers
The book of whole meals : a seasonal guide to assembling balanced vegetarian breakfasts, lunches & dinners
Finnish botanists actively studied the flora of Karelia (Karelian Republic) and the Kola Peninsula (Murmansk Region) when Finland was a Grand Duchy of Russia in 1809-1918. J. Fellman's expeditions in 1829 were the first notable botanical expeditions to the area. Geologically and floristically the area was similar to Finland, and exploring the area was considered to be a national duty for Finnish biologists. Almost 40 Finnish scientists who travelled on the Kola Peninsula collected significant amounts of herbarium specimens from there. The specimens are mostly in H, but duplicates were distributed widely. The collectors include M. Aschan, W. M. Axelson (Linnaniemi), V. Borg (Kivilinna), M. Brenner, V. F. Brotherus, R. Envald, J. Fellman, N. I. Fellman, C. W. Fontell, E. af Hällström, H. Hollmén, P. A. Karsten, A. Osw. Kihlman (Kairamo), F. W. Klingstedt, H. Lindberg, J. Lindén, A. J. Malmberg (Mela), J. Montell, F. Nylander, J. A. Palmén, V. Pesola, P. A. Rantaniemi, J. Sahlberg, and G. Selin. A short description is given of the biographies of the most important collectors with notes on their itineraries. Details of the collections from the Kola Peninsula are mostly taken from the vascular-plant specimens kept in the Finnish main herbaria and entered in the Floristic database Kastikka of the Finnish Museum of Natural History. As to bryophytes, lichens and other fungi, only a small proportion has been entered into the database. A network of biogeographic provinces for the Kola Peninsula was created by Finnish scientists in the mid 1800s, and it is still commonly used. Changes in the boundaries of provinces in the peninsula are discussed. The herbarium data are given according to the provinces.
Health and wealth from medicinal aromatic plants
The herbarium accessions amount to 17,972 specimens, including 6,193 phanerogams and pteridophytes, 2,118 specimens of bryophytes and algae, 9,605 specimens of fungi (incl. lichens), and 56 specimens of zoocecidia. Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here..
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2009.
Edible plants of Uganda : the value of wild and cultivated plants as food
Manitoba wayside wildflowers
Harald Lindberg was one of the most eminent botanist in Finland during the 1900's. He studied a wide range of taxa, including subfossils and bryophytes. He investigated subfossils on peatlands in 60 municipalities, many of them now belonging to Russia. Lindberg described 11 new bryophyte taxa, and discovered 12 new species to Finland (including areas of former Finnish territory of today's Russia). For East Fennoscandia he described 8 new vascular plant species to science, discovered 42 new species and 26 hybrids to country. Apomictic species interested him also, and he described 4 new Alchemilla species, 34 Hieraciumtaxa and 80 Taraxacum species or subspecies. Later he became expertise also on Mediterranean species, and described 50 new species and 22 subspecies, especially from Morocco and Spain. Plantae Finlandiae Exsiccatae was an extensive effort. 2,081 numbers were distributed to 23 museum. .
Novel CO2 regulated proteins in synechocystis PCC 6803
Composition of weed flora in spring cereals in Finland : a fourth survey
The Sunday Times book of woodland and wildflower gardening
A guide to native plants of the New York City region
Wildflowers of Minnesota : field guide
The herbal bath & body book : create custom natural products for hair and skin
Country wild
Natural beauty : the practical guide to wildfower cosmetics
Wild, edible, and poisonous plants of Alaska
Gitoro Forest, Meru district, Kenya : a survey of the vegetation with socio-cultural perspectives on plants : a minor field study
A new species of the wild banana genus,. Musa (Musaceae), from Borneo
Sea buckthorn (Hippophae rhamnoides L.) : production and utilization
Transvaal wild flowers
Horta hunter's handbook : well-being and delicacies from edible wild plants
The detection and analysis of genetic variation and paternity in Musa, section Rhodochlamys (Musaceae)
Pennsylvania's wonderful wildflowers : an activity book for children
The wildflower book : east of the Rockies : an easy guide to growing and identifying wildflowers
A guide to the flowering plants and ferns of Iceland
Infraspecific classification of wild and cultivated plants : proceedings of an international symposium held in Oxford, Sept. 1984
Wildflowers of Arizona field guide
The herbarium accessions amount to 21,068 specimens, including 3,993 specimens of phanerogams and pteridophytes, 2,558 of bryophytes, 42 of algae, and 14,475 of fungi (incl. lichens). Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here..
Synthetic account of the second global plan of action for plant genetic resources for food and agriculture
The nutritional value of indigenous wild plants : an annotated bibliography
Human health and forests : a global overview of issues, practice, and policy
New species and variety of Musa (Musaceae) from Yunnan, China
Leontius Petrovich Alexandrov (1857-1929) was a paediatric surgeon (in urology) in Moscow. As an amateur botanist he collected plants in 1914-1924, mostly Alchemilla, in Moscow and its nearest vicinities, as well as in the former Yaroslavl, Vyatka and Perm Regions. His collections, including types of Alchemilla, are housed at the Komarov Botanical Institute (LE) and the Herbarium of the Museum of History and Culture of the Central Kama Region in Sarapul, Udmurt Republic, Russia....
Amateur botanist Jacob Fellman (1793-1875), priest of northernmost Finland at Utsjoki in 1820-1831, was the first Finn to study the flora of northernmost East Fennoscandia. He did several long expeditions to Lapponia inarensis (Finland), to East Finnmark (Norway) and to the western Kola Peninsula region (Northwest Russia). His main publications include lists of the species of those areas, as well as their localities and frequencies (J. Fellman 1831, 1835). His memoirs (J. Fellman 1906a) also contain a great deal of plant information. Fellman was also interested in economic plants and phenological observations....
Field guide to the wild flowers of Britain
Edible wild plants of sub-Saharan Africa : an annotated check-list, emphasizing the woodland and savanna floras of Eastern and Southern Africa, including the plants used for food by chimpanzees and baboons
Aboriginal relationships between culture and plant life in the Upper Great Lakes region
Grazing tolerance of biennial meadow plants in relation to resource availability
Getting ready! : a study of national governance structures for REDD+
Crop yields and supply of nitrogen compared in conventional and organic farming systems
Primal images : 100 lumen prints of Amazonia flora
Philip's guide to wild flowers of Britain and northern Europe
Delectus seminum : list of seeds and spores available in 1994 : supplement : seeds from natural habitats in Hokkaido, Japan
Flowers of Greece and the Aegean
Ethnobotany in the new Europe : people, health, and wild plant resources
Wildflowers of Northern Mongolia
A feast of weeds : a literary guide to foraging and cooking wild edible plants
Predicting species richness of wood-inhabiting fungi, epiphytic bryophytes and lichens based on stand structure and indicator species
The herbarium accessions amount to 19,919 specimens, including 6,570 phanerogams and pteridophytes, 2,103 specimens of bryophytes and algae, and 11,246 specimens of fungi (incl. lichens). Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here..
RNA silencing and its inhibition in transgenic tobacco plants
Medicinal plants at home : more than 100 easy, practical, and efficient natural remedies
Biogeography, landscapes, ecosystems and species of Zaonezhye Peninsula, in Lake Onega, Russian Karelia
The herbarium accessions amount to 16,777 specimens, including 5,605 phanerogams and pteridophytes, 2,573 specimens of bryophytes and algae, 3,448 specimens of fungi and 5,151 specimens of lichens. Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here.
Weed occurrence in Finnish coastal regions : a survey of organically cropped spring cereals
Biophysical modelling of photosynthetic electron transfer and practical applications to syanobacteria
Cyanobacterial acclimation to changing environmental conditions : roles for group 2 sigma factors in Synechocystis sp. PCC 6803
Alpine flowers of Britain and Europe
Harald Lindberg - a Finnish botanist
Creating a forest garden : working with nature to grow edible crops
Conserving plant genetic diversity in protected areas : population management of crop wild relatives
Wild flowers of the Canary Islands
Traditional technology. Natural dye
Environmental impact of household biogas plants in India : local and global perspective
Musa campestris Becc. (Musaceae) varieties in northern Borneo
The aim of organic agriculture is to produce food of high nutritional quality in sufficient quantity. Field experiments were conducted to evaluate the effect of organic and conventional growing systems on (i) total amounts and supply of N taken up or applied to plants during a five year crop cycle period and (ii) crops total dry matter (DM) yield obtained during same period. The total DM yields from the organic treatments were 25-33% smaller than from the conventional treatments. The ratio of N output/N input was significantly the smallest in the organic treatment with cattle manure, where only 37% of all supplied N was used by plants during the crop cycle period. The organic fertiliser with faster mineralisation rate and splitting the application of organic N during crop cycle period would be more appropriate to supply sufficient quantities of N during rapid plant growth and to obtain higher crop yields in organic farming systems.
A taste of the wild : cooking with the good things from nature's garden
European bird cherry (Prunus padus Linneaus) : a biodiverse wild plant for horticulture
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2006.
Stalking the wild asparagus
Carmel flowers : thirty two wild flowers = Fleurs du Carmel : trente deux fleurs des champs
Flowers of the field
Boron fertilisation of organically managed grass-clover swards on coarse-textured soils: effects on botanical and element composition
"An award-winning journalist and blogger's guide to foraging, fishing, hunting--and making the most of the fruits of a day spent gathering food in the field. If there is a frontier beyond organic, local, and seasonal, beyond farmers' markets and sustainably raised meat, it surely includes hunting, fishing, and foraging your own food. A lifelong angler and forager who became a hunter late in life, Hank Shaw has chronicled his passion for hunting and gathering in his widely read blog, Hunter Angler Gardener Cook, which has developed an avid following among outdoor people and foodies alike. Hank is dedicated to finding a place on the table for the myriad overlooked and underutilized wild foods that are there for the taking--if you know how to get them. In Hunt, Gather, Cook, he shares his experiences both in the field and the kitchen, as well as his extensive knowledge of North America's edible flora and fauna. With the fresh, clever prose that brings so many readers to his blog, Hank provides a user-friendly, food-oriented introduction to tracking down everything from sassafras to striped bass to snowshoe hares. He then provides innovative ways to prepare wild foods that go far beyond typical campfire cuisine: homemade root beer, cured wild boar loin, boneless tempura shad, Sardinian hare stew--even pasta made with handmade acorn flour. For anyone ready to take a more active role in determining what they feed themselves and their families, Hunt, Gather, Cook offers an entertaining and delicious introduction to harvesting the bounty of wild foods to be found in every part of the country"--
Indigo madder & marigold : a portfolio of colors from natural dyes
Wildlife & trees in British Columbia
Plants of Alberta : trees, shrubs, wildflowers, ferns, aquatic plants & grasses
