http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10591 interaction
interaction
Users' experiences of COM - a computer-mediated communication system
Perché business is business : a study on anglicisms in Milano Finanza
Companion animals and us : exploring the relationships between people and pets
Increasing Cultural Competence through the Method of Appreciative Inquiry
Can we formalise the linguistic resources of interactional language?
Screening of putative interaction partners of eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3h
Teachers' evaluative turns in Finnish CLIL classrooms
Introducing social semiotics
Social and Emotional Aspects of Learning
Management & organisational behaviour
This volume examines maintaining relationships through communications through relational, contextual, and cultural variations. Topics covered include: family relationships; romantic relationships; repair after transgression; long-distance relationships; relational maintenance in organizational settings; gay/lesbian relationships; culturally-mixed couples; marriage in Russia and the United States; and maintaining relationships in Korea.
Thanks for the feedback : the science and art of receiving feedback (even when it is off-base, unfair, poorly delivered, and frankly, you're not in the mood)
Interaction design in the post-PC era : Using tablet devices
Challenging the school mathematics culture : an investigative small-group approach : ethnographic teacher research on social and sociomathematical norms
Preparing and delivering interpretations in psychoanalytic interaction
Clinical reasoning in three different fields of physiotherapy : a qualitative case study
Developing skills for human interaction
Planning, implementing and evaluating social and emotional skills course for coaches
Exploring intercultural competency growth by non-mobile university students through interaction with dissimilar others : internationalizing at home through voluntary social interaction
The teacher as a source of educational support : exploring teacher-child interactions and teachers' pedagogical practices in Finnish preschool classrooms
Nonviolent communication : a language of life
Symbolic interactionism : an introduction, an interpretation, an integration
The international encyclopedia of language and social interaction
Topic-invoked participation frameworks in "talk"-discussion programs
Social and behavioural sciences for nurses : psychology, sociology and communication for project 2000
Together : communicating interpersonally
Estimation of missing values in genetic interaction data
This is a practical book on negotiation in all realms of life. The authors cover the steps in the negotiating process and describe the necessary interpersonal skills for effective negotiators. They look at the factors that cause negotiations to break down, what to do when that happens, and the ethical and moral dimensions of negotiation. Chapters 7-12 examine key areas of life in which negotiation takes place: interpersonal relations, the workplace, consumer settings, community relations, and international affairs. The book: contains practitioner interviews; provides readers with real-world examples; and, emphasizes throughout the day-to-day relevance of negotiating skills.
Teacher turn-allocation and repair practices in classroom interaction : a multisemiotic perspective
Problematic talk : the role of multiple understandings in project meetings
Knowing matters : how students address lack of knowledge in bilingual classroom interaction
Two-year-old children's self-repairs of speech in the mother-child interaction
Presence at a distance : the educator-learner relationship in distance education
Teaching is a profession notorious for high 'burn-out', with some describing this process  beginning as early as student teaching. Struggling teachers feel disconnected and uninspired. On the side  of them, new teachers make their way through their induction years. At schools and in universities  experienced teachers and researchers have a lot of contextual knowledge and competences. Value  increasing projects like peer group mentoring are needed to enhance both conceptual and practical  implications for understanding learning in professional communities. The present study is aimed at  investigating factors which contribute to variations of teachers and researchers coping through the  stages of their professional lives. The idea of sustaining the commitment goes back to the conception of  social learning in communities of practice (Wenger, 1998). The 14-month program of 15 ECTS credits (400  hours) was started in 2010 in Oulu University of Applied Sciences (Oulu UAS), in the School of Vocational  Teacher Education (SVTE) and is continuing still, starting with slight alterations every year. Each year a  group of about 10 experienced professionals are educated to act as peer group mentors in their work  places. Yearly their expectations, feedbacks and overall evaluations are collected to form a data basis for  research. Among the most convincing features expressed in the research material which support the  planned aims was the acquisition of fresh attitudes towards work places, their functions and the  employees' roles in them. Besides widened perspectives, feelings of collegial respect, sense of  professional ethics and personal positive attitudes to professional growth were apparent.
Translation under negotiation : the textual interplay of translators and editors in contemporary Finnish Shakespeare translation
The interview format in aids counselling : a study of questions and answers in the counselling practice in a London clinic
Intentions - God-given ideas or interactional phenomena?
Idealizing motherhood and mother-infant interaction
Helping : how to offer, give, and receive help
A stochastic model of social interaction
Language of interaction in online shopping
Contexts of computer-mediated communication
Multiple regression : testing and interpreting interactions
Analyzing multimodal interaction : a methodological framework
Talkability : discover the secrets of effective conversation
Interaction and social structure
Different student-strategies for interactional power in the IRF pattern in an EFL classroom
Humour in EFL classrooms : a comparative case study between elementary and secondary school lessons
"We only want tits and timestamps" : framing gender and sexuality on a popular American image board
Creating shared understandings of interpersonal relationships in online settings
Tourism-related informal interaction in Chembe, Malawi : an ethnographic study
An early interaction music therapy model
The power of positive horse training : saying yes to your horse
Using talk effectively in the primary classroom
Instructional work in textile craft : studies of interaction, embodiment and the making of objects
Sensemaking in meetings : collaborative construction of meaning and decisions through epistemic authority
"Teachers teach so well that it's nice to learn" : a case-study on the role of teacher-to-student feedback in attitude-formation on L2 elementary English lessons
Joint attention : new developments in psychology, philosophy of mind, and social neuroscience
Adaptation of a generalist moth, Operophtera brumata, to host plants
On to way to nonviolent communication
Diamond-like carbon binding peptides - evolutionary selection, characterization, and engineering
Cellulase-lignin interactions in the enzymatic hydrolysis of lignocellulose
Relational tensions in subgroup relationships : a case study of synchronous communication in a global virtual team
Copresence video conference mediated interaction
Understanding communication theory : a beginner's guide
Coaching educational leadership : building leadership capacity through partnerships
On the semantics and pragmatics of linguistic feedback
Network research - future issues
Social interaction among children with Autism Spectrum Disorders (ASD)
A comparative analysis between Finns and Chinese : how communication traits affect self-disclosure in intercultural friendships?
Business Culture Differences in Communication between Finland and Tunisia
Nonlinear Distortion in Wireless Systems: Modelling and Simulation with Matlab(r) describes the principles of modeling and simulation of nonlinear distortion in single and multichannel wireless communication systems using both deterministic and stochastic signals. Models and simulation methods of nonlinear amplifiers explain in detail how to analyze and evaluate the performance of data communication links under nonlinear amplification. The book deals with the analysis of nonlinear systems with stochastic inputs and establishes the performance metrics of communication systems with regard to nonlinearity. The relationship between nonlinear system parameters (which are model dependent) and system performance figures of merit is established when the input to the system consists of real-world communication signals. The book also addresses the problem of how to embed models of distortion in system-level simulators such as MATLAB&trade; and MATLAB Simulink&trade; where practical techniques that professionals can use immediately on their projects are presented. The book explores simulation and programming issues and provides a comprehensive reference of simulation tools for nonlinearity in wireless communication systems.
Mother-infant interaction is influenced by the amount of holding in preterm infants
Tutoring Finnish exchange students in Zambia : experiences of clinical tutors
Constructing shared understanding and common epistemic grounds in BELF-mediated work meetings
Teaching and learning oral skills in Finnish upper secondary school : a study of students' and teachers' views on oral skills education
Complexities of project interactions in Nicaraguan rural development
The formation of dominant voice in issue arenas
After a decade of movement-based interaction in human-computer interaction, designing for the moving body still remains a challenge. Research in this field requires methods to help access, articulate, and harness embodied experiences in ways that can inform the design process. To address this challenge, this article appropriates bodystorming, an embodied ideation method for movement-based interaction design. The proposed method allows for early consideration of the physical, collocated, and social aspects of a designed activity as illustrated with two explorative workshops in different application domains: interactive body games and interactive performances. Using a qualitative methods approach, we used video material from the workshops, feedback from participants, and our own experience as participants and facilitators to outline important characteristics of the bodystorming method in the domain of movement-based interaction. The proposed method is compared with previous ones and application implications are discussed.
Smoking and social interaction
Over the last decade or so research into bullying, emotional abuse and harassment at work, as distinct from harassment based on sex or race and primarily of a non-physical nature, has emerged as a new field of study. Two main academic streams have emerged: a European tradition applying the concept of 'mobbing' or 'bullying' and the American tradition, primarily identified through concepts such as emotional abuse and mistreatment. One focuses on the perpetrator, the other on the victim. In addition research in this field has also started in Australia and South Africa. All are brought together in this work, in a synthesis of research and analysis of practice in the field. In addition, this book aims to document the existence and consequences of the problem of bullying, to explore its causes and to investigate the effectiveness of approaches aimed at mitigating and managing the problem, as well as to offer suggestions for further progress in this important new field.
Interactive Exhibitions : The Use of Interactivity in Educational Exhibitions
Towards intelligibility and shared understanding : co-construction of meaning in ELF interaction
Individual change through small groups
Influence : the psychology of persuasion
Extending the semiotics of embodied interaction to blended spaces
Multiactivity in social interaction : beyond multitasking
Social contact and attitude change : a case of homeless men living in a dormitory
No need necessarily to show off! : directives as situated activity in L2 classroom interaction
Web user interaction - a declarative approach based on XForms
Personal relationships. 2, Developing personal relationships
Use of art based methods in nursing for intellectually disabled children
Kalmyk-Russian bilingualism and translation issues
Communication and education : social and psychological interactions
Humour and good athmosphere in classroom interaction : exploring teachers and students views and interaction
Negotiation : communication for diverse settings
Interactional perspectives on discourse : proceedings from the Organization in discourse 3 conference
As every parent knows, kids are surprisingly clever negotiators. But how can we avoid those all-too-familiar wails, That s not fair! and You can t make me! ? In "The Game Theorist s Guide to Parenting," the award-winning journalist and father of five Paul Raeburn and the game theorist Kevin Zollman pair up to highlight tactics from the worlds of economics and business that can help parents break the endless cycle of quarrels and ineffective solutions. Raeburn and Zollman show that some of the same strategies successfully applied to big business deals and politics such as the Prisoner s Dilemma and the Ultimatum Game can be used to solve such titanic, age-old parenting problems as dividing up toys, keeping the peace on long car rides, and sticking to homework routines.Raeburn and Zollman open each chapter with a common parenting dilemma. Then they show how carefully concocted schemes involving bargains and fair incentives can save the day.
Sign languages in village communities : anthropological and linguistic insights
Indirect speech and language therapy for individuals with profound and multiple learning disabilities : an ecological perspective
Interactive expertise : studies in distributed working intelligence
Global-local interplay in the Baltic Sea Region : papers from the 5th International Nordic-Baltic Conference Pärnu, 1998
An autobiographical narrative about my teaching experiences and priorities: Visualizing Bangladeshi and Finnish experiences
A survey of microorganisms from the spruce beetle in central British Columbia
Paths to purchase : the role of the online environment and the fluctuation of customer brand engagement
Herbivory on willows : abiotic constraints and trophic interactions
Meeting a Hearing Impaired Patient : Guide for Nursing Students
Stop telling, start selling : how to use customer-focused dialogue to close sales
Sign bilingualism : language development, interaction and maintenance in sign language contact situations
Refugee children's friendships and the historical context of their migrations : qualitative case study of Congolese children's current friendships in Finland and past experiences as refugees in Rwanda, 1996-2012
Communication skills for working with children and young people : introducing social pedagogy
Bodystorming for movement-based interaction design
Creating art with mobile phones in public spaces is an emerging form of artistic expression. This dissertation investigates the design of mobile art applications for creating and sharing interactive art experiences in public spaces. It explores new ways of deploying mobile and ubiquitous computing for art making that fosters creativity and community. This is done by developing a series of novel prototype applications, with a focus on multimodal interfaces, that are put into use in authentic environments for validation by real people. The results of this research inform future design of new forms of artistic and social activity that may eventually become everyday actions of creative expression and exploration.
Adding value through social media : case Autokiila
Creating positive environment through interaction in Finnish EFL and CLIL classrooms
Midwives, families and everyday health information and ICT interactions : exploration of identities and networks
Action rituals between mother and infant
Dogs cant́ read : why we learn to read
Interaction rituals in parenthood discussion forum RaisingKids.co.uk : entering rituals, rants and prayer requests
Skilled interpersonal communication : research, theory, and practice
Children and the changing family : between transformation and negotiation
Gender and classroom interaction : implications for teacher education
Investigations into the instructional process. 2, Objectivity of coding in a modified Flanders interaction analysis
Virus-cell interactions as a pathological mechanism of parvovirus infection
This book explains how designing, playing and modifying computer games, and understanding the theory behind them, can strengthen the area of digital humanities. This book aims to help digital humanities scholars understand both the issues and also advantages of game design, as well as encouraging them to extend the field of computer game studies, particularly in their teaching and research in the field of virtual heritage. By looking at re-occurring issues in the design, playtesting and interface of serious games and game-based learning for cultural heritage and interactive history, this book highlights the importance of visualisation and self-learning in game studies and how this can intersect with digital humanities. It also asks whether such theoretical concepts can be applied to practical learning situations. It will be of particular interest to those who wish to investigate how games and virtual environments can be used in teaching and research to critique issues and topics in the humanities, particularly in virtual heritage and interactive history.
Under-studied relationships : off the beaten track
An activity based approach to pragmatics
Life-changing conversations : 7 strategies for talking about what matters most
Cultural diversity in hospitality management  : how to improve cultural diversity workforce
Critical gaming : interactice history and virtual heritage
Microbes and Man Research Programme 2003-2005 (MICMAN) : evaluation report
Leadership, discourse, and ethnicity
Alone and in a group : ethnographic research on autistic children's play
Gender-specific features of male/female interaction in a popular romantic novel by Barbara Cartland
Academic interest in the phenomenon of joint attention-- the capacity to attend to an object together with another creature--has increased rapidly over the past two decades. Yet it isn't easy to spell out in detail what joint attention is, how it ought to be characterized, and what exactly its significance consists in. The writers for this volume address these and related questions by drawing on a variety of disciplines, including developmental and comparative psychology, philosophy of mind, and social neuroscience. The volume organizes their contributions along three main themes: definitional concerns, such as the question of whether or not joint attention should be understood as an irreducibly basic state of mind; processes and mechanisms obtaining on both the neural and behavioral levels; and the functional significance of joint attention, in particular the role it plays in comprehending spatial perspectives and understanding other minds. The collected papers present new work by leading researchers on one of the key issues in social cognition. They demonstrate that an adequate theory of joint attention is indispensable for a comprehensive account of mind.
Enrich your personal and work relationships with the art of compassionate communication. What if you could defuse tension and create accord in even the most volatile situations just by changing the way you speak? Over the past 35 years, Marshall Rosenberg has done just that, peacefully resolving conflicts in families, schools, businesses, and governments in 30 countries on 5 continents.
Interpersonal relationships of immigrant students
Conversational joking in the classroom
Reinventing the third way : towards new forms of economic and democratic conduct
Family interaction
Human-computer interaction in mobile context : a cognitive resources perspective
Plant-induced soil changes : processes and feedbacks
The nature of communication structures of university students in an international web-based computer-supported collaborative learning (CSCL) course
User interaction experiences on the touchscreen mobile device
Investigations into the instructional process. 7, Non-verbal behaviour in group work, observational technique and typology of pupil's work
Creating intergenerational contact between Oulunkylä English Kindergarten and Kustaankartano Centre for the Elderly
Two-year cycle spruce beetle (Dendroctonus rufipennis [Kirby]) adults were collected from emergence traps installed on two types of hosts (stumps and windfalls) in two adjacent timber harvesting areas in central British Columbia over a 5-year period to determine the incidence of associated fungi, bacteria, yeasts, nematodes, and mites. There was no difference in either the mean size or the female ratio of spruce beetles between host types or areas. Yeasts and bacteria were the most common associates of the spruce beetle and were isolated from the majority of beetles, regardless of host type. Pesotum sp. A, a blue-stain fungus, was the most common filamentous species and was isolated from 63% of the 221 beetles sampled. This fungus appears to be closely associated with the spruce beetle regardless of host type. At least 25 taxa of other filamentous fungi (OFF) were also isolated from beetles. Most of the OFF were common, wind-dispersed species, prevalent in the environment, e.g., Penicillium and Cladosporium spp., and are likely only incidental associates of the spruce beetle. The OFF were more likely to be isolated from beetles emerging from windfalls than from stumps. This may have been due to higher moisture in windfalls, which promoted the growth of some OFF. The incidence of mites and nematodes associated with the spruce beetle was relatively low; however, only those observed on the exoskeleton were recorded. The association of microorganisms with the spruce beetle did not vary between the two timber harvesting areas sampled in this study. Despite differences in the two types of host material, the spruce beetle is able to maintain a consistent association with yeasts, bacteria, and Pesotum sp. A.
Intercultural customer service encounters : a behavioral study of satisfactory and unsatisfactory service outcomes
Interpersonal boundary regulation in the context of social network services
Interactionism : exposition and critique
Personal relationships. 1, Studying personal relationships
Herd : how to change mass behaviour by harnessing our true nature
Studies in symbolic interaction : volume 29
Objects are essential for how, together, people create and experience social life and relate to the physical environment around them. Interacting with Objects: Language, materiality, and social activity presents studies which use video recordings of real-life settings to explore how objects feature in social interaction and activity. The studies consider many objects (e.g. paper documents, food, a camera, art, furniture, and even the human body), across various situations, such as shopping, visiting the doctor, interviews and meetings, surgery, and instruction in dance, craft, or cooking. Analyses reveal in precise detail how, as people interact, objects are seen, touched and handled, heard, created, transformed, planned, imagined, shared, discussed, or appreciated. With the companion collection Multiactivity in Social Interaction: Beyond multitasking, the book advances understanding of the complex organisation and accomplishment of social interaction, especially the significance of embodiment, materiality, participation and temporality. By focussing on objects in and for actual occasions of human action, Interacting with Objects: Language, materiality, and social activity will interest many researchers and practitioners in language and social interaction, communication and discourse, design, and also more widely within anthropology, sociology, psychology, and related disciplines.
Approaches and Strategies in Next Generation Science Learning
"Hei mitä tää ny tarkottaa?" : experiences of intercultural communication and linguistic shock while using English abroad
Sexual communication among intercultural couples with a Finnish partner
Sociological slices : introductory readings from the interactionist perspective
Reported thought in complaint stories
Interpersonal dynamics : essays and readings on human interaction
Pollen - pollen interactions in Pinus sylvestris
Bridging the Divide : understanding interactions between international and home students in U.S. secondary schools
Co-membership and co-operation : Interpersonal discourse strategies within communities of practice
Experiential groups : the uses of interpersonal encounter, psychotherapy groups, and sensitivity training
Interpersonal motives and the regulation of interaction
Empowering mobile art practice : a recontextualization of mobile and ubiquitous computing
Theory of groupwork practice
Intercultural communication in business between China and Arabic countries : Case company: Zhejiang Lianmei Co., Ltd
Translators in production networks : reflections on agency, quality and ethics
Knowledge sharing between generations in an organisation : retention of the old or building the new?
Muscle mechanics during human movement revealed by in vivo measurements of tendon force and muscle length
Question-reply argumentation
Proceedings : American studies in Trans-Pacific perspective
Radiation and matter interaction in strong magnetic field of accreting neutron stars
The 5 love languages : the secret to love that lasts
Dialogue and the development of children's thinking : a sociocultural approach
Encounters : two studies in the sociology of interaction
Mind over medicine : scientific proof you can heal yourself
DNA-protein interactions
Virtual, augmented and mixed reality : designing and developing augmented and virtual environments
Essays on the dynamic interactions between investments and corporate financing
Adopting web framework in Web-application development
Book reading with a two-year-old : participative story-telling
Intercultural Intelligence in the Start-Up of a Life-Sciences Institute
Military sociology meets the gap between cultures
Intercultural communication in experience tourism in the Inari area
Comparing homeopathic and general practice consultations: The case of problem presentation
Counselling skills : a practical guide for counsellors and helping professionals
Theatre, the dynamics of the art
Magic of NLP demystified : a pragmatic guide to communication and change
Avoiding providing solutions : orienting to the ideal of students' self-directedness in counselling interaction
Interacting with objects : language, materiality, and social activity
Jaan Kross and Russian culture
This book is about building leadership capacity in indivudals and in institutions, through enhancing professional relationships. It is based on the importance of maximising potential, and harnessing the ongoing commitment and energy needed to meet personal and professional goals.
Evolution process in industrial networks
The effect of sensory-processing sensitivity on social preference for online interaction and associated outcome on psychological wellbeing
A possible life : a novel in five parts
Redrawing the lines : analytic philosophy, deconstruction, and literary theory
Social simulation in dreams
Managing network connections in international business
The impact of multiculturalism on group work : the process of multicultural group work through the eyes of the International Business Students of Turku University of Applied Sciences
Relationship between intercultural friendship networks and homesickness level of international degree students at a Finnish university
Abstract. - Swedish summary.
Applied conversation analysis : intervention and change in institutional talk
Fingerspelling English words in Finnish sign language context : a multimodal view on interaction
Characterisation and engineering of protein-carbohydrate interactions
Faith matters : case studies from the Faiths in Action Fund
The Nursing Process, a Tool to Enhance Clinical Care – a Theoretical Study
The arctic region is predicted to experience the earliest and most pronounced global warming response to human-induced climatic change. This book synthesizes information on the physiological ecology of arctic plants, discusses how physiological processes influence ecosystem processes, and explores how climate warming will affect arctic plants, plant communities, and ecosystem processes. It reviews the physiological ecology of arctic plants. It explores biotic controls over community and ecosystems processes. It provides physiological bases for predicting how the Arctic will respond to global climate change.
Unleashing excellence : the complete guide to ultimate customer service
Communicating change from leadership : a case study on Kulosaari secondary school
"I've been raised to value the human equality" : Finnish as second language teachers' intercultural communication competence at the integration training of Vantaa Adult Education Institute
Rethinking consumer behaviour for the well-being of all : reflections on individual consumer responsibility
Power and politeness in historical novels set during the American Civil War
Creative teaching methods in education  : YKON ́s World Idea Game pilot-project for upper secondary schools
Emotional communication : products that connect friends and family
Groups as epistemic communities : studies on the role of groups in forming and circulating social knowledge
Approaches and Strategies in Next Generation Science Learning examines the challenges involved in the development of modern curriculum models, teaching strategies, and assessments in science education in order to prepare future students in the 21st century economies. This comprehensive collection of research brings together science educators, researchers and administrators interested in enhancing the teaching and learning of next generation science.
Arctic ecosystems in a changing climate : an ecophysiological perspective
Social interaction : process and products
Communication and interpersonal skills for nurses
Class, codes and control. 2, Applied studies towards a sociology of language
Identities and interactions
Social proximity in early mother-infant interactions : implications for gender differences?
Aspects of values in human-technology interaction design : a content-based view to values
Humor in the classroom
Designing and Testing an Educational Program for Professional Development  in Work Place : Sharing Expertise in Teachers' Peer Group Mentoring
Facial expressions as an interactional resource in everyday face-to-face conversation
Nexus analysis : discourse and the emerging internet
Class, codes and control. 1, Theoretical studies towards a sociology of language
Universities, once at the forefront of campaigns for intellectual liberty, are now bastions of conformity. This provocative book traces the demise of academic freedom within the context of changing ideas about the purpose of the university and the nature of knowledge and is a passionate call to arms for the power of academic thought today.
Family support : direction from diversity
Student's conceptual understanding and its relation to teachers' pedagogical content knowledge in the case of Newtonian mechanics
Interaction competence
From selling to serving : the essence of client creation
There is urgent need for adults to re-think their ideas about childhood. Sociological approaches to childhood are needed as key contributions to improve basic conceptual thinking about how society works; as a matter of social justice; and as theoretical bases for educational reforms. Children have been traditionally understood in the education system as immature, incompetent, morally suspect pupils. Sociological thinking can help reconceptualise them as people to be respected; as knowledgeable, critical, competent participants in learning. Universities have an important role in providing opportunities for studients to study sociological approaches to childhood.
The game theorist's guide to parenting : how the science of strategic thinking can help you deal with the toughest negotiators you know - your kids
Action research and interactive research : beyond practice and theory
The handbook of conversation analysis
The Orchard baby and toddler collection
Group processes in social work : a theoretical synthesis
Maintaining relationships through communication : relational, contextual, and cultural variations
From understanding to participation : a relational approach to embodied practices
The 7 habits of highly effective families : building a beautiful family culture in a turbulent world
Food biotechnologies in Italy : a social psychological study
Conflict and human interaction
Proceedings SUSDEV-CHINA Symposium : sustainable agroecosystem management and development of rural-urban interaction in regions and cities of China
Sociologies of childhood and educational thinking
Body language communication : an international handbook on multimodality in human interaction : Volume 1
Nurse's role in breaking bad news : literature review
Foreign footballers’ integration challenges in Finland
Building strengths and skills : a collaborative approach to working with clients
Bullying and emotional abuse in the workplace : international perspectives in research and practice
Relational work in therapeutic interaction : a comparative conversation analytic study on psychoanalysis, cognitive psychotherapy and resource-centred counselling
Voices for tomorrow : Sixth International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
Communication, relationships and care : a reader
Doctoral student engagement : the dynamic interplay between students and scholarly communities
An immigrant nurse is our colleague : how to develop the language and culture in multicultural nursing
Communication mosaics : an introduction to the field of communication
In this paper, we develop a new way of understanding interactions in blended spaces. We do this by developing ideas about embodied semiotics and then apply these ideas to the analysis of interaction in mixed-reality blended spaces (where the physical world and digital world are blended deliberately to provide new forms of interaction). We discuss how blended spaces provide a new medium within which people have experiences. The semiotic analysis reveals how blended spaces are constructed across the physical and the digital, highlighting the ontology, topology, volatility, and agency present within them. It shows how people move between the physical and digital spaces through the objects and places that anchor them together. Our approach reveals more about the way bodily and higher cognitive functions are brought into play within a holistic interactive experience in which people move physically and conceptually through the layers of experience that make up the interaction.
