http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10598 paper machines
paper machines
Rapid microbiological control of paper machines with PMEU method
New Direct Drive system opens a new era for paper machines
Roll and web defect terminology
Laboratory scale measurement procedure of paper machine wet web runnability : part 1
Intelligent estimation of web break sensitivity in paper machines
The mechanics of web handling
Structure and on-site formation of biofilms in paper machine water flow
Fault diagnostics and vibration control of paper winders
Manufacture of fine paper
Integrated fault fetection system for a board machine
XIV IMEKO World Congress, 1-6 June 1997, Tampere, Finland. Volume 10B, CD Symposium
High-vacuum dewatering on a paper machine wire section - a literature review
In this thesis different turn up devices have been studied and compared. The target was to gain a comprehensive view from turn up devices and their function. Also, the target was to gain awareness as to what kind of things must be considered when designing a new turn up device. At the same time, the suitability of different turn up devices to different paper and board grades was classified. The factors affecting the choice of turn up device were analyzed. Because of a lack of written literature available, the primary method of studying the topic was decided to be learning by doing. The major part of information published in this thesis is based on conversations and interviews conducted with reeler operators, other mill personnel and experts on this field. There is a lot of information that is based on my own cogitation and observation that was made when studying technical drawings available, principle drawings and on mill visits, studying turn up machines when in use. The results gained from thesis gives quite good view about what kind of turn up devices there is available nowadays and what kind of device is suitable for each paper or board grade. For light weight papers the pocket blow turn up, the blade turn up and goose neck turn up are suitable turn up methods. For heavy paper and board grades the tape turn up and more and more popular water jet turn up methods are suitable. Water jet turn up is suitable for a large variety of grammages. The only difference is the way the paper or board tail is picked up to wrap around the new reel spool. This thesis work contains confidential background material.
Machine optimization for board and packaging paper machines
New paper machine investments worldwide
The variation in results of efficiency calculations with different standards
The goal of this thesis was to find the factors which are affecting formation and parameters that could be changed on KCL's pilot paper machine to improve formation of the sheets. There are theory and experimental part on the thesis. There were three trial runs and on the first and the second trial run parameters were designed according to the theory of the thesis. The third part was run with the best parameters taken from the first two trial runs. The parameters that were optimized during the trial runs were jet-to-wire ratio, velocity and direction of rotation of perforated rolls, head box consistency, machine speed and amplitude and frequency of wire shake. Laboratory measurements were done in paper laboratory in Tampere University of Applied Sciences. Besides formation also basis weights, thickness, tear strength, tensile strength, TSI orientation and orientation angles were measured from each trial run point. The best formation values were acquired by using low head box consistency, keeping head box jet contraction coefficient on the value 0.7 and calculating other parameters according to that, using wire shake with high frequency and  low amplitude and  using the optimized parameter values that were acquired from the last trial run. Physical changes were an important part of improving the formation of pilot paper ma-chine. Foil angles and the front wall of the head box was changed after the first two trial runs. Changing the front wall to more elastic plastic plate, lip width range is wider and therefore head box consistency range is wider as well which enable to produce paper with lower consistency and therefore with better formation. Taking the spare object from the head box had a positive influence to the formation because of more even flow. Personnel in KCL can continue this project by calculating the real values of running parameters to match the values seen on KCL's machine control system. After matching KCL can run wanted parameters on the pilot paper machine and in order to achieve better formation.
Automatic control of paper machine by dry line measurement
Colored moderately thermophilic bacteria in paper-machine biofilms
Paper machine design and operation : descriptions and explanations
Some factors affecting desorption of silicate in the white water system of a paper machine
Computational flow-field modeling of paper machine dryer fabric
XI Valmet Paper Technology Days 1998.
Hybrid modeling of paper machine grade changes
Prognostics for industrial machinery availability : final seminar Espoo 12.12.2006
Developers of electric motor technology win the 2009 Marcus Wallenberg Prize
Multi-period MINLP models for the synthesis of heat recovery systems
Paper machine grade changes : closed-loop control
Inverse methods for continuous balancing of elastic rolls
Lumi 7 : made for people
Mapping of heat streams and heat pumps in heat recovery systems for paper machines
A self-assessment based method for post-completion audits in paper production line investment projects
Analysis of stability of axially moving orthotropic membranes and plates with a linear non-homogeneous tension profile
The effect of web structure on wet web runnability
Improving the distribution of the headbox vanes through transportation development
Adhesion of reactive sizes and paper machine fouling
The subject of the work was fluttering in the drying section. Fluttering means that the paper web edges flutter and it occurs mostly in the open draws of the drying section. Fluttering is a harmful phenomenon because it could cause edge cracks and impair runnability of the paper machine or supercalender. Inspecting fluttering is difficult and therefore in this thesis some of the tests were video recorded and others were followed visually. The purpose of the work was to study the reasons which affect the paper web fluttering and to find solutions for it. Effects of the adjustments which were done were followed and it was noticed that they had often some other effects on process. It was also noticed that reasons of the edge cracks could be depending on the paper web properties and adjustments of the paper machine. It was found that the most important reason for fluttering was air flows of the hood. In the big scale hood air amounts were controlled with the exhaust and supply air adjustments. Those adjustments did not affect fluttering but instead of that they had an effect on the zero level and the heat recovery. Supply air was blown to the drying section through the pocket ventilators. Pocket ventilators air amounts were controlled with valves and it was the most effective way to control fluttering. Other effective adjustments were the speed differences between the drying groups. Fluttering improved when the draw was lower. Lower draw decreased drying efficiency but running with the lower draws decreases the amount of the edge cracks. Drying profiles during the drying section were inspected with the thermographic camera. It was found that the edges dried slower than the middle regime because of the too wide web. The effect of the drying was tested with the narrowed web and it was noticed that the fluttering decreased. However this cannot be used because of the minimum width of the supercalender. The results can be used to decrease the amount of fluttering and to improve runnability. It was found that decreasing of fluttering could be a difficult because adjustments affect many other process variables or solutions are expensive. According to the results it would be a good to study more drying groups speed differences to achieve better runnability. Hood ventilation and especially exhaust air moisture control should be optimized and changed to automatic controlled.
Optimization of dryer section for recycled paperboard
Langerbrugge hits the news as new PM gets gong
Control of pressure difference across a moving porous media
Development of future oriented clothing through press nip simulation
Abstract: A vibration study of the mechanical condition and dynamic behaviour of a paper machine press section.
Dynamic geometry of a rotating paper machine roll
Adhesion, presence and antifouling of Deinococcus geothermalis in paper machine environment
Tranportation of paper machine rolls between Finland and Russia
New measurements, challenges and visions. Volume 10B, International CD Symposium'97 : cross directional web measurements, controls and actuator systems in paper machines
Improvement of formation on pilot paper machine
Enhancement of water removal in the press section
Stability of wet end for paper machines with dilution headboxes
On stochastic modelling and reliability of systems with moving cracked material
China building 3 million tonnes of new P&B capacity annually
Minimization of halfcritical run-out of steel tube framed paper machine rolls
Two different approaches for fluid-structure interaction (FSI) based flutter problems in paper machine
Effects of heating, drying and straining on the relaxation and tensile properties of wet paper
The mechanics of winding
Recent developments in papermachine headbox screening : mill experiences demonstrate benefits of advances in technology
The mechanics of rollers
Feasibility of industrial implementation of laser cutting into paper making machines
Technology diffusion and the lifetimes of paper machines
Fouling of polymer surfaces in paper machine wet end
Turbulence characterization with PIV in a backward-facing step
Adaptation of neural network and fuzzy logic for the wet-end-control and process management of paper or board machines : a tool-making approach
The improvers of paper and board pulp. (English summary)
Mechanisms of biofilm formation in paper machine by Bacillus species : the role of Deinococcus geothermalis
Pro Finnish Design 1999 honorary mentions : the Opticoncept paper production line
Good results obtainable with reeling-based iRoll measurement
Matti Kankaanpää,  the man behind Valmet's expansion
Technology review
On modelling and stability of axially moving viscoelastic materials
Comparison of turn-up methods
Dimensioning of paper machine heat recovery recuperators
A Markov model for the broke handling system of a paper machine
A benchmark study of 12 fine paper machines on operational efficiency
Piezoelectric vibration damping of rolling contact
Development and application of acoustic air flow paper dust measuring device in POLYTEST-project
KCL-PROPOSE - a new simulation and optimization system for paper machines
Pre-assembly development of the paper and pulp finishing machines in China
Industry at a crossroads: hardware or intelligence
Effects of fibre deformations on strength and runnability of wet paper
Fluttering in drying section
The efficiency of a spray coater equipped double coating MWC line
Paper coating trends in the worldwide paper industry
Kaukas PM 1 : a Finnish success story
Computational and experimental investigation of the grooved roll in paper machine environment
Abstracts: Closure of water circuits.
Attachment mechanisms and properties of bacterial biofilms on non-living surfaces
Comparison of solutions with varying cost factors in structural optimisation of paper machine heat recovery systems
Effect of coating on wearing of screen basket
Extension of maintenance interval of suction rolls
The designer's handwriting is different from the engineer's
Paper industry invests in better web runnability
The United States as a potential market for Quattroll Oy
Quality management in paper machinery business
Paper machine efficiency : a comparison of standards
Wet runnability of fibre furnish for magazine papers
Studies on on-line retention and cationic demand measurement and their utilization on a paper machine
Release properties of press roll cover materials
Detrimental substances in pulp and paper production : approaches to chemical analysis of deposits and dissolved organic matter
XII Valmet Paper Technology Days 2000, Turku : recipies for success
Interfacial interactions and fouling in paper machines
Iron and steel for the world : industrial designer of the year 1999 Risto Väätänen
The green kingdom : Finland's forest cluster
LEIPA's competitive business concept : LWC from a 100 % DIP-based furnish
Optimisation of the roll geometry for production conditions
Control of the cross-machine profile on the edges of the paper web
The net sales potential of spare parts
Winders : The complete guide for paper mills and converters
Paper machine white water treatment in channel flow : integration of passive deaeration and selective flotation
Thiosulfate pitting corrosion of stainless steels in paper machine environment
Plastic strain lines in paper
Dynamic monitoring of finishing efficiency : a simulation-based analysis
Mathematical modelling and simulation of fluid flows in the headbox of paper machines
This thesis is the result of co-operation between Fastpap Oy, Räpina Paberivabrik AS and Tampere University of Applied Sciences. Work originated from Fastpap Oy and the target of this thesis work was to gain knowledge from the mill and the product in order to take the efficiency of the machine even further. Fastpap had delivered a comprehensive rebuild on the wet end of the machine. The results were good but the targeted production rate was not achieved. The old dryer section could not cope with the new capacity of the wet end. This thesis aims to collect all the information that helps to improve the efficiency of the dryer section. Couple of studies were already made to assess the current state of the machine. This work is a summary of those studies already made incorporating further machine concept and properties of the paperboard affecting to the drying efficiency.  The theoretical part of this thesis includes the operation principles of the conventional wire section. This was made to explain the origins of the two sidedness of the product. The drying section concept point of view was also included since the possible bottlenecks of the process would locate on this particular section. The experimental section of this thesis covered the analysis of the product. This analysis gave a vital information of the product to understand the drying process. Besides testing the basic properties of the paperboard, the air permeance and absorbency of the product were examined. Experimental drying simulation were also carried out. The results of the earlier studies from the machine concept point of view were included to gain comprehensive view from the process of this particular machine.  The results of the product analysis did not reveal any severe signs of the two sidedness of the paperweb affecting the drying process. Excluding the surface roughness of the paperboard, the results were quite uniform on the top and the wire side of the product. Some possible improvements on the machine concept point of view were discovered. Most of these discovered points of improvements were already covered in a way or another in the earlier studies. In addition, the assumed originating factors of these detected points were considered. This thesis gives a comprehensive idea of the operating process and the paperboard produced on site. These extensive results can be used as a tool for estimating the possible investments in the mill.
Effects of various furnish components on the stabilization of entrained air measured with an ultrasonic air content meter
Optimal design of paper machine headboxes
The effect of bleached pulp type on AKD internal sizing - an EuroFEX experimental paper machine study
Identification and control of cross-machine profiles in paper machines : a functional penalty approach
Laboratory simulator for splash zone biofouling and corrosion in paper machine environment
Method and device for in situ runout measurement of calender thermo rolls
The stress-strain state and stabilization of viscoelastoplastic, imperfect moving web continuum
Nordland going fine on uncoateds
Measurements of the permeability of press felts
Bacteria colonizing paper machines
Papermaking systems and their control : transactions of the symposium held at Oxford, September 1969, volume 2
Stora Enso goes to the heart of the market : Stora Enso in Belgium
Resonance phenomena of polymer-covered cylinders under rolling contact
Development of environmental protection machinery in China
High precision VIB AirTech[sup Plus 6] water moisturization system in Optiload Twinline in Kvarnsveden PM 12
Pulp and paper manufacture. 7, Paper machine operations
On the mechanical stability and out-of-plane dynamics of a travelling panel submerged in axially flowing ideal fluid : a study into paper production in mathematical terms
Branding in the business-to-business markets : case WinBelt Winder by Valmet Corporation
Experimental and theoretical study of the effect of a new dryer construction on paper machine runnability
Stora Enso Kvarnsveden PM12 inaugurated : high energy costs a challenge
Installation of a deinking plant to increase paper machine production : financial analysis and final report
Modelling of fibre orientation in contracting channel flows and in the jet-to-wire impingement
Prevention of fouling on paper machine surfaces
A new web monitoring system
Aiming for a more efficient paper manufacturing process
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Papermaking systems and their control : transactions of the symposium held at Oxford, September 1969, volume 1
Development of droplet and dust separators for pulp and paper machine ventilation systems
Production problems in French paper mills : market research for Finnish analyzing method companies
Energy is saved, productivity improves
Advanced process control in paper machines utilizing adaptive virtual sensors : increased productivity through in-spec. quality properties provited by Voith On V VirtualSensors technology
On-line study and mathematical modeling of a paper dryer section
Environmental arguments : product marketing of paper machine
Analytical solution for heat transfer in temperature gradient calendering
Fluid mechanics of the papermaking machine headbox : instabilities and disturbances in the slice chamber
Standard paper mill concepts with intelligent modules
