http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10577 credit market
credit market
Finland's financial system is, by structure, vulnerable to risks associated with lending for house purchase. Housing loan volumes are large relative to other lending by banks and requirements on banks' own funds. The fact that household debt levels have increased and that housing wealth constitutes a large proportion of household assets also increases the vulnerabilities. In addition, covered bonds secured by housing loans play a significant role in bank funding and investment. However, the increase in vulnerabilities has largely levelled off in the 2010s..
Essays on bank screening and market power in loan markets
Equilibrium unemployment with credit and labour market imperfections : the critical role of labour mobility
The emerging mortgage market in Russia : an overview with local and foreign perspectives
House prices have in the past 10 years risen in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area faster than in the other large Finnish cities. The widening price gap may reflect the increasing attractiveness of the Helsinki Metropolitan Area relative to the other major cities. At the same time, the decline in housing loan interest rates has reduced the user cost of owner-occupied housing. This may also explain why house prices have risen in areas where the supply of housing has not grown correspondingly..
Loan market equilibrium with difference of opinion and imperfect competition
Investing in corporate bonds and credit risk
New issues in financial and credit markets
Essays on debt financing, firm performance, and banking in emerging markets
Anatomy of a financial crisis : a real estate bubble, runaway credit markets, and regulatory failure
Creating long-term mortgage-backed bond markets in Asian developing economies : a postcrisis reform agenda
Liquidity provision in transition economy : the lessons from Russia
The Finnish banking system
Credit growth and moral hazard : an empirical study of the causes of credit expansion by the Finnish local banks in 1986-1990
Money, debt and economic activity
Credit derivatives and the management of risk : including models for credit risk
Banks and corporate debt market development
Demand, segmentation and rationing in the rural credit markets of Puri
The credit risk of complex derivatives
The demand for money, other liquid assets and short-term credit by Finnish firms
Investicionno-kreditnyj slovar' : v dvuh tomah = Investment and credit dictionary : in two volumes. Tom 1 : Anglo-russkij slovar' : bolee 12 500 terminov
Paper money collapse : the folly of elastic money and the coming monetary breakdown
Financial matching, asymmetric information and entrepreneurial risk taking
Nordic financial sector vulnerable to housing market risks
Does competition make loan markets more fragile?
What do the sources and uses of funds tell us about credit growth in Central and Eastern Europe?
Banking and capital markets
The development of the Finnish credit market in 1950-1978
Credit and consumer society
Fundamentals of corporate finance
From red to green? : how the financial credit crunch could bankrupt the environment
Risks related to economic and credit cycles
Household indebtedness is high in the Nordic countries. Housing loans are a significant part of banks' business, and covered bonds are important for banks both as sources of funding and as investments. The large size of the Nordic banking sector, its high degree of concentration and its interconnectedness with insurance companies increase the importance of housing market-related risks for the financial system and the economy as a whole. The materialisation of threats would increase losses in lending and investment activities and the cost of funding..
Syndicated lending : practice and documentation
Annual survey of letter of credit law & practice. 2007
The Oxford handbook of credit derivatives
Deposit markets, lending markets and bank screening incentives
The mystery of banking
Debt, financial fragility, and systemic risk
Institutional constraints to formal sector lending : a case of Tanzania
Essays on the economics of small business finance
Debtors and creditors in America : insolvency, imprisonment for debt, and bankruptcy, 1607-1900
Credit derivatives : techniques to manage credit risk for financial professionals
The big short : inside the doomsday machine
Stochastic dynamic optimization models in the banking sector
Place, exclusion, and mortgage markets
Effects of moral hazard and monitoring on monetary policy transmission
Understanding credit derivatives and related instruments
Credit risk management : basic concepts. financial risk components, rating analysis, model, economic and regulatory capital
Finnish financial markets
Credit markets for the poor
The Big short
Priceless markets : the political economy of credit in Paris, 1660-1870
How markets work : supply, demand and the 'real world'
Securitization : structuring and investment analysis
Essays on search and informational asymmetry in labor and credit markets
Financial systems, markets and institutional changes
Understanding risk : the theory and practice of financial risk management
The great financial crisis : causes and consequences
The equilibrium relationship and the price discovery process of European corporate CDS and bond spreads : evidence from 2007 – 2013
Journal of credit risk
Implementing credit derivatives
Risky debt, bad bank and government
The liability of credit rating agencies to investors : a Swedish perspective
Credit crunch or collateral squeeze? : an empirical analysis of credit supply of the Finnish local banks in 1990-1992
Information sharing in banking : an anti-competitive device?
Credit, intermediation,  and the macroeconomy : readings and perspectives in modern financial theory
Credit risk models and management
Theoretical aspects to the Finnish credit cycle
Horizontalists and verticalists : the macroeconomics of credit money
Regulating unfair banking practices in Europe : the case of personal suretyships
Managing credit risk : the next great financial challenge
The big short
Monitoring and market power in loan markets
Euro zone sovereign debt crisis : empirical study on the dynamics of credit default swaps and bond prices
Essays on credit contagion and shocks in banking
An empirical study of interest rate differences and price discrimination in the Finnish business loan market
Managing and measuring capital : for banks and financial institutions
Bank mergers, interest rates and the fragility of loan markets
Global financial integration thirty years on : from reform to crisis
The effect of bank ownership on management's loan maturity selection : empirical evidence from the Finnish loan markets
Asymmetric information in credit markets and entrepreneurial risk taking
Abstract (s. 2).
Proceedings of the Second Inter-regional Debt Management Conference : Geneva, 3-5 April 2000
Credit rating agencies : their role in the global financial market
Essays on financial risks and derivatives with applications to electricity markets and credit markets
Traders, guns and money : knowns and unknowns in the dazzling world of derivatives
Regional divergence is a strong feature of the Finnish housing market and household debt. House prices are higher in growth centres than in the rest of the country, and households in growth centres also have more housing debt both in absolute terms and relative to their income. In the long term, the mutually reinforcing cycles and vulnerabilities in housing and credit markets could turn out to be detrimental to financial stability and the macroeconomy..
Equilibrium unemployment with credit and labour market imperfections
Pricing corporate debt
SEPA migration projects in Finnish companies
One country, many housing markets
Financial system risk resilience and structural risks
Market structure in banking and debt-financed project risks
Low interest rates reflected in house prices
High housing debt increases risks to financial stability
Capital market reaction to rating transitions
"In an engaging style based on extensive research, Paper Money Collapse shows conclusively why paper money systems - monetary systems that are based on an elastic and constantly expanding supply of money (such as our system today) as opposed to a system of commodity money of essentially fixed supply - are inherently unstable and why they must lead to economic disintegration. All paper money systems in history ended in failure. The book shows why this must be the case and why it will also be the fate of the present system. The conclusions are controversial as they go against the present consensus, which holds that elastic state money is superior to inflexible commodity money (such as a gold standard), and that expanding money is harmless or even beneficial for as long as inflation stays low. The book shows that the present crisis is the unavoidable result of continuously expanding fiat money, that the current policy of accelerated money production to 'stimulate' the economy is counterproductive and that, if pursued further, it will lead to a complete collapse of the monetary system.Paper money systems are confidence games. When the public realizes that the printing press is increasingly used to keep states and banks solvent, this confidence will evaporate quickly. The endgame will then be sovereign default, hyperinflation and economic chaos"--Provided by publisher.
The characteristics of the non-financial and the financial sector credit risk determinants : an empirical study from the CDS index market
Bank capital, capital regulation and lending
Credit management : the key to profitable trading
Persistence of government funding in small business finance
Relationship lending and competition : higher switching cost does not necessarily imply greater relationship benefits
