http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10697 Windows
Windows
Office and SharePoint 2010 user's guide : integrating SharePoint with Excel, Outlook, Access and Word
Microsoft Windows XP : simply visual
Office 2011 for Mac all-in-one for dummies
Advanced server virtualization : WMware and Microsoft platforms in the virtual data center
Microsoft Windows group policy guide
MCTS : Windows Server Virtualization Configuration : study guide (exam 70-652)
Exam ref 70-417 : upgrading your skills to MCSA Windows server 2012
Windows Vista step by step : deluxe edition
Windows Server 2008 portable command guide : MCTS 70-640, 70-642, 70-643, and MCITP 70-646, 70-647
Microsoft system center 2012 service manager cookbook
Essential PHP for Web professional
Microsoft® official academic course (70-562) : Microsoft® .NET framework 3.5, ASP.NET application development
Windows 98 answers : certified tech support
Microsoft Office 365 & PowerPoint 2016 : Introductory
More sales through the window
Simply Windows 7
The GUI guide : international terminology for the Windows interface
Windows 8.1 simplified
Windows Server 2012 Unified Remote Access : Planning and Deployment
MCTS self-paced training kit (Exam 70-652) : configuring Windows Server Virtualization
Actionet mobile radio system integration testing of the Windows NT RIH
Beginning Windows Phone 7 application development : building Windows Phone applications using Silverlight and XNA
Windows 7 : the missing manual
York Minster : the great east window
The Windows interface guidelines for software design
Windows 8.1 administration pocket consultant : storage, security, & networking
Windows 7 for dummies
Microsoft Office servers, including: Active Directory, Domain Controller, Flexible Single Master Operation, Group Policy, Administrative Template, Directory Services Restore Mode, Paramount Defences, File Replication Service, Active Directory Explorer
Rapid Roller: A Game For Windows Phone
Get the inside scoop on Hyper-V for Windows Server 2008 R2. Virtualization is a top priority for thousands of companies all over the world. Written by an author team that is part of the Windows virtualization group at Microsoft, Windows Server 2008 R2 Hyper-V will walk you through Hyper-V essentials so you can get you up to speed and down to business with Hyper-V. Now fully updated for Windows Server 2008 R2 Hyper-V, you will find additional content on new features and capabilities such as Live Migration and support for 64 Logical Processors (LP). Teaches how to manage virtual machines with the latest System Center tools such as Virtual Machine Manager 2008 R2, Data Protection Manager 2010, and Operations Manager 2007 R2. Covers all of the new functionalities of Windows Server 2008 R2 Hyper-V, including Live Migration, 64 LP support, Processor Compatibility Mode, enhanced processor functionality support, hot-add and remove of storage, TCP Offload support, and VM Queue support. Demonstrates key scenarios for Hyper-V, including server consolidation, testing and development, Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery, and Dynamic IT. Provides step-by-step instructions and examples. This insiders guide will help you get the most out of your hardware and reduce cost with Windows Server 2008 R2 Hyper-V. --
Microsoft Windows Vista : visual quick tips
Windows internals : covering Windows Server 2008 and Windows Vista
Programming Windows Identity Foundation
Mastering Windows 95
Windows Vista inside out
Welcome to Calculus&Mathematica
Microsoft Windows 8
Data binding with Windows forms 2.0 : programming smart client data applications with .NET
Microsoft Office Word 2003 : fast & easy
Windows® 7 all-in-one for dummies®
Automated Basic Tester
An introductory guide to SPSS for Windows
Building enterprise applications with Windows Presentation Foundation and the Model View ViewModel Pattern
Window display
MCTS Self-paced training kit [Exam 70-620] : configuring Windows Vista Client
MCDST self-paced training kit (exam 70-271) : supporting users and troubleshooting a Microsoft Windows XP operating system
Beginning programming for dummies
Laptops for dummies
Beginning SharePoint 2010 development
Windows Vista all-in-one desk reference for dummies
Building Windows 8 apps with JavaScript
Windows 7 Bible
'An Introductory Guide to SPSS for Windows' develops SPSS skills through the use of sample programs that illustrate how to conduct the analyses typically found in an introductory statistics course.
Windows 10 : for PCs, laptops and touch devices
Computer help for seniors in easy steps
The virtual window : from Alberti to Microsoft
How to cheat at Windows system administration using command line scripts
Mastering Microsoft Windows 7 administration
Microsoft Windows 2000 server. Internetworking guide
Pro Hyper-V
Microsoft Office home and student edition : all-in-one for dummies
Microsoft® official academic course (70-562) : Microsoft® .NET framework 3.5, ASP.NET application development : lab manual
Introducing Windows 7 for Developers
Microsoft official academic course (70-643) : Windows Server 2008 applications infrastructure configuration : lab manual
Windows 2000 active directory survival guide : planning and implementation
Visual merchandising : window and in-store displays for retail
Microsoft Word : basics
Windows 8 secrets
Windows 7 simplified
Microsoft Office 2010 introductory
Win32 API programming with visual basic
Inside Microsoft Windows 2000
Teach yourself visually Windows 8
Teach yourself window display
Microsoft Windows operating system : essentials
Concurrent programming on Windows
How to cheat at managing windows server update services. Volume 1
Windows 7 all-in-one for dummies
Windows 95 for dummies
Windows developer magazine : application development from windows to web
Microsoft Windows Vista in simple steps
Windows 7 bible
Windows 7 for seniors for dummies
Windows group policy resource kit : Windows Server 2008 and Windows vista
Statistical methods in the study of agglomeration of ash in FB combustion
Mastering Windows XP Professional
Location based guide application for Windows Phone 7
Windows server 2008 Hyper-V : insiders guide to Microsoft's Hypervisor
Microsoft Windows 2000 server : self-paced training kit
MCTS self-paced training kit (exam 70-236) : configuring Microsoft Exchange Server 2007
Data analysis using SPSS for Windows versions 8 to 10 : a beginner's guide
Special edition using microsoft windows XP
Mastering Windows PowerShell Scripting
Windows 8 for dummies : quick reference
Microsoft Windows 2000 Server resource kit. Microsoft Windows 2000 Server : resource kit
Windows Server 2008 R2 Hyper-V : insider's guide to Microsoft's Hypervisor
Windows 7 visual : Quick tips
Windows NT 4 : the complete reference
Windows 2000 programming from the ground up
Windows phone 7 programming for Android and iOS developers
This handbook is designed to teach beginners how to use SPSS for Windows. It explains the basics, including the input of data data manipulation, descriptive analyses and inferential techniques, reliability analysis and factor analysis.
Microsoft Office 365 administration inside out
Windows 7 plain & simple
Windows 8 for the older and wiser : get up and running on your computer
Application development with Qt Creator : design and build dazzling cross-platform applications using Qt and Qt Quick
MCTS self-paced training kit (exam 70-502) : Microsoft .NET Framework 3.5 : Windows presentation foundation
Microsoft official academic course (70-643) : Windows Server 2008 applications infrastructure configuration
Operating systems : incorporating UNIX & Windows
Microsoft VBScript : step by step
Moving from Windows to Linux
Mastering Windows 7 deployment
This is a textbook for introductory courses in quantitative research methods across the social sciences. It offers a detailed explanation of introductory statistical techniques and presents an overview of the contexts in which they should be applied.
Get started in Windows 7
Door & window design
Pcs all-in-one desk reference for dummies(r), 4th edition
The story of Microsoft
Programming Windows 95
Windows 7 : step by step
Programming "Indigo" : the unified framework for building service-oriented applications on the microsoft windows platform
It is important to have alternatives in everyday life to have best of everything and this is also true while selecting operating system. Windows being only chargeable operating system and Microsoft ending support for Windows XP, many consumers are looking alternatives. This thesis evaluates Windows 7 and Linux Mint 13 functionalities from student point of view by conducting a case study. Case study consisted several tasks for operating systems user interface and programs. It was discovered that both operating systems were able to execute the desirable functions and were user friendly according to the test subject. Windows 7 is more likely to be consumers choice because its familiarity but for more money conscious consumer, Linux Mint is something to be considered.
Windows server 2008 Hyper-V unleashed
Teach yourself visually Windows 10
Windows developer's journal
Microsoft Windows 2000 Server resource kit. Microsoft Windows 2000 Server : distributed systems guide
Big book of Windows hacks
Mastering Windows 2000 Professional
Microsoft Windows home server : unleashed
Intro to Windows programming
NMR- Laboratory, introduction with a Time Lapse and Tilt-shift video
Windows Communication Foundation 3.5 unleashed
Sarah Boslaugh introduces the major tasks of data management & presents solutions using SPSS syntax. All basic features of SPSS syntax are illustrated, as are advanced topics such as using vectors & loops, reading complex data files, & using the SPSS macro language.
Windows 8 simplified
Windows 8 for dummies
'Statistical Methods for Practice and Research' helps beginners to effectively solve statistical problems using SPSS (13.0). Written in a reader-friendly, non-technical style, the book is illustrated by simple, practical problems and useful screen shots and diagrams.
Using SPSS for Windows : data analysis and graphics
Pogue's basics : essential tips and shortcuts (that no one bothers to tell you) for simplifying the technology in your life
Microsoft Windows XP Professional resource kit
Windows Vista : the missing manual : exactly what you need to get started
SAMS teach yourself microsoft windows XP on 24 hours
Describes the history of Bill Gates's Microsoft Corporation and its impact on the computer industry.
Windows lockdown! : your XP and Vista guide against hacks, attacks and other Internet mayhem
Windows 8.1 all-in-one for dummies
Windows : history, repair, and conservation
MCSA ; Microsoft Windows 8.1 Complete Study Guide
Interpreting quantitative data with SPSS
Windows annoyances
Windows 8.1 for dummies
Laptops all-in-one desk reference for dummies(r)
Microsoft Windows 2000 Server resource kit. Microsoft windows 2000 Server : TCP/IP Core networking guide
What's new in Visual FoxPro 8.0
Exam ref 70-480 : programming in HTML5 with JavaScript and CSS3
Microsoft Windows 2000 Server resource kit. Microsoft Windows 2000 Server : Internetworking guide
Brilliant Microsoft Windows 8
Windows 7 and Linux Mint : evaluation of basic actions from student's perspective - case study
Microsoft Windows 2000 Server resource kit. Microsoft Windows 2000 Server : deployment planning guide
Microsoft Windows XP inside out deluxe
How to cheat at designing a Windows Server 2003 Active Directory infrastructure
The Windows Vista book : doing cool things with Vista, your photos, videos, music, and more
Microsoft Visual C++ Windows applications by example : code and explanation for real-world MFC C++ applications
Pro WPF with VB 2008 : Windows Presentation Foundation with .NET 3.5
Reading, writing & the World Wide Web
Microsoft Windows security : essentials
Windows 7 : up and running
Windows internals
Windows 7 visual quick tips
Word annoyances : how to fix the most annoying things about your favorite word processor
Open source mazeball game for Windows Phone
Teach yourself visually Windows 7
Microsoft Windows registry guide
Learn Windows PowerShell 3 in a month of lunches
Training guide : configuring Windows 8
Advanced windows
Abstract. This thesis work is an implementation of a wireless control system for Industrial robot: a Mitsubishi MOVEMASTER RV-E3J industrial robot which has a SONY EVI-D30 camera device attached nearby to provide a real-time video feedback   to the operator. The purpose is also to get acquainted with the related   technologies needed for the implementation of this thesis work. The fields   covered are in telecommunications, multimedia, networking, telerobotic and   programming.   The software development tool used in this thesis work is the Qt Framework   development tools for Windows and the Symbian platform. One application   developed in this thesis work is acting as the desktop application which runs   on the Windows operating system, while another application installed on a   smartphone runs on the Symbian operating system.   The main idea of the project was to develop a wireless control system for the   Mitsubishi RV-E3J industrial robot, and controlling the robot wirelessly from a   smartphone. The smartphone' s can send commands to the industrial robot to   control its movement.   The second main idea of this thesis was to get a visual feedback from the   standby camera to the smartphone through video streaming, the operator from   the mobile phone can control the movement of the camera and at the same   time get visual feedback from the camera which is positioned next to the robot   and it transmits a real-time video output showing the robot's actions.   Most importantly it is very necessary for the robot's movement to be within a   specific area and the working environment must be safe from an accidental   damage caused by the robot.   This Bachelor's thesis work was done in the Computer Laboratory of Raahe School of Engineering and Business.
Windows with style : creating inspirational curtains for the home
The Beginner's Guide to Windows 7
Practical statistics : a quick and easy guide to IBM SPSS Statistics, STATA, and other statistical software
Windows Powershell in action
Windows NT in a nutshell : a desktop quick reference for system administrators
Microsoft® official academic course (70-536) : Microsoft® .NET framework application development foundation
Training guide : configuring advanced Windows Server 2012 services
An application using WCF
Windows of the world
Microsoft® official academic course (70-536) : Microsoft® .NET framework application development foundation : lab manual
Microsoft Windows Vista
Modern mobile application development : case: developing location based mobile application for Windows Phone and Android
Introduction to Windows Phone 8
Microsoft Windows PowerShell programming for the absolute beginner
An intermediate guide to SPSS programming : using syntax for data management
Training guide : administering Windows server 2012
Microsoft Windows internals : Microsoft Windows server 2003, Windows XP, and Windows 2000
Microsoft Windows 3.1 : guide to programming
This book provides readers with step-by-step guidance on running a wide variety of statistical analyses in SPSS, Stata, & other programmes. David Kremelberg begins his user-friendly text by covering charts & graphs through regression, time-series analysis, & factor analysis.
Windows Phone 7 application development for dummies
Windows in buildings : thermal, acoustic, visual, and solar performance : CD-ROM with MS-Excel workbooks includes
Microsoft Exchange server 5.5 : proactive maintenance
Microsoft® Windows 8 administration : pocket consultant
Microsoft Office Word 2007 : quicksteps
Managing the Windows NT registry
Programming in the Key of C# : a primer for aspiring programmers
Statistical methods for practice and research : a guide to data analysis using SPSS
Pro WPF : Windows Presentation Foundation in .NET 3.0
Windows graphics programming : Win32 GDI and DirectDraw
Beginning Microsoft Office 2010
Windows NT® server 4 security handbook
MCITP : Windows server 2008 : server administrator : study guide
Applied networking labs : a hands-on guide to networking and server management
Comparing buying decision processes between smartphone consumers : case Android, iOS and Windows Phone
Tiivistelmä: An application using WCF.
Study of configuration anf utilization of windows 95 in the netware 4.X based network
Windows to Linux migration toolkit
Windows 8 five minutes at a time
Windows XP embedded step by step
Windows operating system fundamentals, exam 98-349
Cisco networking academy program : IT Essentials 1 : Pc Hardware and Software Lab Companion
Terminal services for Microsoft Windows Server 2003 : advanced technical design guide
Microsoft Word 2010 Bible
Multimedia studio for Windows
Windows 8 visual quick tips
Introduction to Windows Azure : an introduction to cloud computing using Microsoft Windows Azure
Windows internals. Part 1.
iCloud : for iPhone, iPad, iPod, Mac, and Windows
Mastering Windows Server 2008 : networking foundations
Managing the Windows 2000 registry
Open Source Mazeball Game for Windows Phone
Wireless control system for an industrial robot
The aim of this thesis was to find a best way to advertise short-term sales and reduce paper waste. Another aim was to help the seller to identify a potential customer for a specific product, by means of providing a number of people accessing an advertisement. A mobile phone is one of the widely used electronic devices by many people. Modern mobile phones support a good internet connection. Also, people carry their mobile devices with them even outside their homes. So a mobile application would be a best way to advertise short-term sales. The benefits include reducing the time to reach advertisements from a seller to a buyer, reducing paper waste, and saving money. A client mobile application “Best Sale Application” was implemented to show an advertisement to a user and a back end server was developed to feed the advertisements and provide them to a client application on demand. The developing of a prototype version of Best Sale Application is explained in this thesis. The application runs on Windows Phone and it is able to interact with an early version of Best Sale Server. The back end server side development is explained in the Thesis paper of Ramkumar Patturaj entitled “Server for Best Sale Application”. The proto type version of Best Sale Application carries a significant potential for a future upgrade to a real product to be launched in the Windows Market place for a real user. It will be very useful for a shop owner to reach a potential customer faster and save money compared to a paper advertisement.
Winning! : the awesome and amazing insider's book of Windows game tips, traps, and sneaky tricks
Dr. Tom Shinder's ISA server 2006 migration guide
Windows server 2008 for dummies
Microsoft Vista for IT security professionals
Microsoft Windows Server 2003 : troubleshooting guide
Professional Windows DNA
Wireless Control System for an Industrial Robot
Programming Windows with MFC
