http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10645 interculturalism
interculturalism intercultural competence
This wide-ranging survey of issues in intercultural language teaching and learning covers everything from core concepts to program evaluation, and advocates a fluid, responsive approach to teaching language that reflects its central role in fostering intercultural understanding. Includes coverage of theoretical issues defining language, culture, and communication, as well as practice-driven issues such as classroom interactions, technologies, programs, and language assessment Examines systematically the components of language teaching: language itself, meaning, culture, learning, communicating, and assessments, and puts them in social and cultural context Features numerous examples throughout, drawn from various languages,international contexts, and frameworks Incorporates a decade of in-depth research and detailed documentation from the authors' collaborative work with practicing teachers Provides a much-needed addition to the sparse literature on intercultural aspects of language education
Diversities and interculturality in textbooks : Finland as an example
Intercultural training : theory and design : a sample training program from Americans : doing business in Mexico
Crucible of cultures : Anglophone drama at the dawn of a new Millennium
Serious games as catalyst for intercultural literacy development? : a case study of Immigropoly
The novel and Europe : imagining the continent in post-1945 fiction
Fatal natalities : the algebra of diaspora and difference after apartheid / Sarat Maharaj. Cultural translation and its limits / Nikos Papastergiadis
The multicultural planet : the report of a Unesco International expert group
Culture and cultural development are now internationally recognised as important dimensions of contemporary governance and public policy. The production of accurate and relevant data has become central to cultural policy and how the cultural lives of citizens are understood. Conceptual and practical developments in measurement tools, such as cultural indicators, have the potential to enrich our understanding of culture's role in wellbeing, vitality and citizenship. From UNESCO's benchmarks for cultural freedom to comparative measures of provision and creative cities indices, diverse approaches to quantifying culture and tracking progress now exist. But how useful are all these measures? Are they helping us to keep track of what matters? What opportunities exist to contest, refine or democratise these systems of measurement? Making culture count brings together diverse perspectives from scholars, policy-makers and creative practitioners to explore the burgeoning field of cultural measurement and its political implications.
The UNITWIN Cooperation Programme on Media and Information Literacy and Intercultural Dialogue (MILID) is based on an initiative from the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) and the UN Alliance of Civilizations (UNAOC). This Network was created in line with UNESCO’s mission and objectives, as well as the mandate of UNAOC, to serve as a catalyst and facilitator helping to give impetus to innovative projects aimed at reducing polarization among nations and cultures through mutual partnerships. This UNITWIN Network is composed of eight universities from different geographical areas. The main objectives of the Network are to foster collaboration among member universities, to build capacity in each of the countries in order to empower them to advance media and information literacy and intercultural dialogue, and to promote freedom of speech, freedom of information and the free flow of ideas and knowledge. Specific objectives include acting as an observatory for the role of media and information literacy (MIL) in promoting civic participation, democracy and development as well as enhancing intercultural and cooperative research on MIL. The programme also aims at promoting global actions related to MIL and intercultural dialogue. In such a context, a MILID Yearbook series is an important initiative. This first MILID Yearbook is a result of a collaboration between the UNITWIN Cooperation Programme on Media and Information Literacy and Intercultural Dialogue, and the International Clearinghouse on Children, Youth and Media at NORDICOM, University of Gothenburg.
International handbook on diversity management at work : country perspectives on diversity and equal treatment
Intercultural training in teacher education : a literature and explorative field study
Teachers' intercultural competence in two multicultural societies : perceptions of three U. S. American and three Australian teachers
Media and information literacy and intercultural dialogue
Mediterranean modernism : intercultural exchange and aesthetic development
Cross-cultural psychology : research and applications
Transformative learning in practice : insights from community, workplace, and higher education
Crystals of Schoolchildren’s Well-Being. Cross-Border Training Material for Promoting Psychosocial Well-Being through School Education
Turn left for Murmansk : 'Fourth World' transculturalism and its cultural ecological framing
Communication problems of Finnish exporters in intercultural business negotiations : a qualitative study
Third party in workplace conflicts : the mediator's conflict management and intercultural competences
Intercultural competence and intuition : an integrative approach
Intercultural communication and ideology
Cultural values and advertising appeals in international advertising : a comparison of Finland and Vietnam advertising
Sociocultural aspects of translating and interpreting
Diamond Dust : and Other Stories
Intercultural marketing management in the spotlight : what and why, but what about the how?
Examining intercultural effectiveness : a case study of the Finnish-Peruvian 'Salud Mental Infantil y Familiar en Huamalíes' development co-operation project
Intercultural language teaching and learning
Race, equity, and the learning environment : the global relevance of critical and inclusive pedagogies in higher education
Building intercultural competences : a handbook for professionals in education, social work and health care
Intercultural learning and competence : the learning process from pre-expatriation to post-repatriation
"We are human beings" : a study on friendship and ethnicity in a finnish elementary school classroom
The many faces of Jesus Christ : intercultural christology
Intercultural education : what? why? how?
The Routledge international companion to multicultural education
Intercultural education Finland today
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
To survive, you have to adjust : study abroad as a process of learning intercultural competence in nursing
Knowledge sharing behaviour in cross-border interpersonal relationships
How to play with dragons? : Chinese cultural standards from a Finnish perspective
Cultural circulation : dialogues between Canada and the American South
Divided dreamworlds? : the cultural Cold War in East and West
A double exile : African and West Indian writing between two cultures
Increasing Cultural Competence through the Method of Appreciative Inquiry
Effective multicultural teams : theory and practice
Task-based language learning in a real-world digital environment : the European digital kitchen
Culture as a part of cross-border M&A deal : a study on the post-deal cultural integration
Information systems in context : building a tool for analysing the sociotechnical context of organisational information systems
The many faces of overlap : non-competitive overlap in a conversation between Finnish and British speakers of English
Interculturalism and new Russian in Berlin
Crossing cultures : readings for composition
Insights into intercultural teaching
Making culture count : the politics of cultural measurement
Exploring the concept of intercultural training and its significance in Bavaria, Germany
Intercultural learning in non-formal education : theoretical framework and starting points
Kult[t]u[u]r[i] : documentation of the project "cultureXchange" : 2007/2008
In search of time : time of work and fiesta time in the PGRSAP project : development project "Proyecto de Gestion de Riesgos y Seguridad Alimentaria en la cuenca de San Pedro", Bolivia
While the divide between capitalism and communism, embodied in the image of the Iron Curtain, seemed to be as wide and definitive as any cultural rift, Giles Scott-Smith, Joes Segal, and Peter Romijn have compiled a selection of essays on how culture contributed to the blurring of ideological boundaries between the East and the West. This important and diverse volume presents fascinating insights into the tensions, rivalries, and occasional cooperation between the two blocs, with essays that represent the cutting edge of Cold War Studies and analyze aesthetic preferences and cultural phenomena as various as interior design in East and West Germany; the Soviet stance on genetics; US cultural diplomacy during and after the Cold War; and the role of popular music as the universal cultural ambassador.An illuminating and wide-ranging survey of interrelated collective dreams from both sides of the Iron Curtain, Divided Dreamworlds? has a place on the bookshelf of any modern historian.
Translation and migration
Operation mode choice and efficiency in the context of perceived uncertainty : case of Finnish firms in Asia
Influence of cultural differences on Finnish-Chinese cooperation at UPM-Kymmene's three Asian sales offices
This volume focuses on advances in research methodology in an interdisciplinary field framed by discourses of identity and interculturality. It includes a range of qualitative studies: studies of interaction, narrative studies, conversation analysis, ethnographic studies, postcolonial studies and critical discourse studies, and emphasizes the role of discourse and power in all studies of identity and interculturality. The volume particularly focuses on critical reflexivity in every stage of research, including reflections on theoretical concepts (such as 'identity' and 'interculturality') and their relationship with methodology and analytical practice, reflections on researcher identity and subjectivity, reflections on local and global contexts of research, and reflections on language choice and linguacultural aspects of data generation, analysis and communication.
Trans-cultural leadership for transformation
Culture care diversity and universality : a theory of nursing
Practical ideas for multicultural learning and teaching in the primary classroom
Intercultural readiness : four competences for working across cultures
Living dialogue : an evaluation of the work exchange program and intercultural training of the city of Jyväskylä
Abstract: The world is definitely becoming smaller due to advances in transport and communications. Technology combined with the development of a world economy have resulted in people from different nations, cultures, languages and backgrounds now communicating, meeting and doing business with one another more than ever. Very few businesses can escape the need to at some point in time deal with foreign colleagues, clients or customers. Business is international and if an organisation wants to develop and grow it needs to harness the potential an international stage offers.  Negotiations are a frequent part of international business. Parties involved in a negotiation face different problems in reaching a successful outcome. When the parties have different cultural bacgrounds the faced problems becomes more complex. The West (UK) and the East (India) have attracted many experts to make a comparison because distinguished differences do exist in the two kinds of cultures and are the deep-seated reasons as to why negotiation styles differ between the UK and Indian business people.
Culture matters in Russia - and everywhere : backdrop for the Russia-Ukraine conflict
This volume examines the role and representation of 'race' and ethnicity in the media with particular emphasis on the United States. It highlights contemporary work that focuses on changing meanings of racial and ethnic identity as they are represented in the media; television and film, digital and print media are under examination. Through fourteen innovative and interdisciplinary case studies written by a team of internationally based contributors, the volume identifies ways in which ethnic, racial, and national identities have been produced, reproduced, stereotyped, and contested. It showcases new emerging theoretical approaches in the field, and pays particular attention to the role of race, ethnicity, and national identity, along with communal and transnational allegiances, in the making of identities in the media. The topics of the chapters range from immigrant newspapers and gangster cinema to ethnic stand-up comedy and the use of 'race' in advertising.
Indigenous knowledges, development and education
Faith matters : case studies from the Faiths in Action Fund
Filosofiâ v dialoge kul'tur : Vsemirnyj den' filosofii (Moskva-Sankt-Peterburg, 16-19 noâbrâ 2009 goda) : materialy = Philosophy in the dialogue of cultures
The adjustment of Finnish expatriates in Britain with special reference to communicative comperence : a case study
Salsa, soul, and spirit : leadership for a multicultural age
Intercultural informal organizations at university
Interculturalism and multiculturalism : similarities and differences
Counseling the culturally diverse : theory and practice
Old borders, new borders, no borders : sport and physical education in a period of change
Intercultural management and the process of international acquisitions : a study of Turkish firms
Challenges, practices, recommendations and training needs in intercultural workplaces in Finland
International Club at Savonia UAS
Intercultural friendship development between Finnish and international students
The self-perceived commitment and relationship maintenance behaviors among Finnish-Chinese couples in Finland : an application of the investment model in intercultural romantic relationship studies
The proceedings of the twentieth world congress of philosophy : A twelve volume series. Vol. 12, Intercultural philosophy
"The essays discuss Black cultural retellings of traditional, European fairy tales. The tales are rich and diverse in perspective, illuminating stories such as Aesop's fables, Cinderella, Rapunzel and Ananse. Stories from Black perspectives adhere to the dictates of traditional literary conventions while steeped in literary traditions that can be traced back to Africa or the diaspora"--Julkaisija
Secret daughter
This book discusses cultural mélange in a variety of different textual and non-textual aesthetic practices within literature, theatre, and music. The process of globalization has left no corner of the world untouched. Although many studies use postcolonial theory to understand its large-scale effects, the contributors to this book show how such theory can be drawn on for productive use also in other contexts, such as the Scandinavian. In doing so, they also rework the well-worn concept of hybridity to one of cultural mélange , creating a lens by which to take a broader view of the phenomenon: from Africa to Poland, from France to Norway, various forms of globalization processes have accelerated an interpenetration of cultures which takes place on a number of widely different cultural arenas. Cultural and linguistic mixes are explored in a wide variety of areas, including shotgun theatre , travel literature, rap music, children s literature, and, last but not least, Leonard Cohen s songs. Often translation either in a metaphorical or a non-metaphorical sense is seen to play an essential part, and the processes of mixing and blending are rarely seen as something anyone is passively giving in to. There is always a strong sense of agency, even in merely responding. As such, this volume makes an important contribution to the sense of cultural mélange as a creative process that opens up to multiple forms of participation and positive change.
Cross-Cultural Psychology is a leading textbook offering senior undergraduate and graduate students a thorough and balanced overview of the whole field of cross-cultural psychology. The team of internationally acclaimed authors present the latest empirical research, theory, methodology and applications from around the world. They discuss all domains of behavior (including development, social behavior, personality, cognition, psycholinguistics, emotion and perception), and present the three main approaches in cross-cultural psychology (cultural, culture-comparative, and indigenous traditions) as well as applications to a number of domains (including acculturation, intercultural relations and communication, work and health). With new additions to the writing team, the third edition benefits from an even broader range of cross-cultural perspectives. Now in 2-colour, the format is even more reader-friendly and the features include chapter outlines, chapter summaries, further reading and an updated glossary of key terms. This edition also offers an accompanying website containing additional material and weblinks.
"Designed for use in multicultural counseling courses, graduate level practicum, or as part of a counseling techniques course, this casebook provides students with the opportunity to think critically and learn how to incorporate and apply multicultural skills and competencies in a treatment setting. This book features cases from leading scholars and practitioners in the field and is written from both the perspective of the therapist/counselor and the client/consumer. Aligned with ACA's CACREP accreditation standards, APA Guidelines for Multicultural Competence, and the AMCD Multicultural Counseling Competencies, each case contains focus questions and an analysis of the case by the author"--
Promoting Intercultural Management for Working Life in the Baltic Sea Region : A Five-Year Project. Thoughts, Experiences and Impact
Racial and ethnic identities in the media
Intercultural education : studies & exercises
Why am I an alien in my own country? : communication problems that Finnish higher education level students encounter when returning to their home country
The global intercultural communication reader
Diversity is our challenge and opportunity
Informal intercultural learning in the workplace
Knjižnični kalejdoskop = Librarian kaleidoscope : knjižnične pobratenih mest i njihovo medkulturano sodelovanje = libraries of twin towns and their intercultural cooperation : Ptuj, Aranđelovac, Saint-Cyr-sur-Loire, Burghausen, Banská Štavnica, Varaždin, Ohrid
A study of negotiation styles : between business managers from UK and Indian cultural backgrounds
Cultural perspectives on higher education
Many different words are used to deal with diversity in education, such as cross-cultural, meta-cultural, polycultural, multicultural and intercultural, as well as terms like global and international. Some are trendier than others, some more political. Some of these words are used in certain parts of the world, while others are rejected. This volume concentrates on the notion of the 'intercultural' and makes sense of its polysemy in education. As such, in research and practice, my intercultural may not mean the same as your intercultural. My intercultural might have different values and ideologies than your intercultural. The contributors also propose considerations on how to make the most of 'renewed', critical and reflexive approaches to intercultural education in a breadth of contexts and countries, including Argentina, Australia, France, Iceland, Tunisia and the UK. The book will appeal to students and teachers, as well as to confirmed researchers who will gain inspiration and new insights into the increasingly contested notion of the 'intercultural' in education.
Medkulturni dialog kot temeljna vrednota EU = Intercultural dialogue as the fundamental value of the EU
Intersecting identities and interculturality : discourse and practice
The cultural adaptation of Finnish au pairs in England
Case studies in multicultural counseling and therapy
Intercultural learning : Experiences of Multilateral Co-operation between Finnish, Georgian and Belorussian Universities
Cultures in interaction : construction of ethnic identities in Amy Tan's "The bonesetter's daughter"
Caught between cultures : women, writing & subjectivities
The African-Jamaican Aesthetic explores the ways in which diasporic African-Jamaican writers employ cultural referents aesthetically in their literary works to challenge dominant European literary discourses; articulate concerns about racialization and belonging; and preserve and enact cultural continuities in their new environment(s). The creative works considered provide insight into how local and indigenous Caribbean knowledges are both changed by the transfer to new, diasporic locales and reflect a unified consciousness of African-Jamaican roots and culture. The works surveyed also reveal significant connections with a ‘past’ Africa. Indeed, Africa is treated as a central source of aesthetic influence in these writers’ expression of local cultures and indigenous knowledges. Aspects covered include language (Jamaican Patwa), religion, folklore, music, and dance to identify the continuities in an African-Jamaican aesthetic, which is understood here as an ongoing dialogue of cultural memory between the Caribbean, Africa, and diasporic spaces. Writers discussed include Claude McKay, Una Marson, Louise Bennett, Afua Cooper, Lillian Allen, Linton Kwesi Johnson, Benjamin Zephaniah, Lillian Allen, Jean ‘Binta’ Breeze, Makeda Silvera, and Joan Riley.
“Contact Zones” in Finnish (intercultural) education
A study of Negotiation Styles : Between business managers from UK and Indian cultural backgrounds
Discourses of integration : immigrants' perceptions of cross-cultural adaptation in letters to the editor
Foreign language learning as intercultural experience : the subjective dimension
International management : culture and beyond
Intercultural hermeneutics in Africa : methods and approaches
Encounters : reflections on cultural syncretism, collaboration and the role of embodiment in intercultural musical communication
Multiple challenges for professional intercultural competence. A case study of the experiences of Nokia Networks Oulu Unit personnell
Polish cinema in a transnational context
Making the most of intercultural education
Nonlinear distortion in wireless systems : modeling and simulation with MATLAB
Cultural competence in a multicultural team providing music therapy for children in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Competences for democratic culture : living together as equals in culturally diverse democratic societies
Managing and developing diversity is on the political and business agenda in many countries; therefore diversity management has become an area of knowledge and practice in its own right. Yet all too often it is referred to as a unifying concept, as if it were to be interpreted uniformly across all cultures and countries. The contributors to this volume expertly examine the relationship between diversity management and equality legislation within the different participating countries’ national contexts. They advocate that such separation and sequencing between equality at work and diversity management is far from natural. This Handbook will be greatly appreciated by scholars who wish to better contextualize their research and will also provide policy-makers with benchmark data regarding equal treatment and diversity as understood in other countries.
Postcolonial international relations : conquest and desire between Asia and the West
Nabokov's canon : from Onegin to Ada
What more can we do? : developing a multicultural action plan for the Girls' House, a meeting place for girls and young women in Helsinki
Words in the way of truth : truthfulness, deception, lying across cultures and disciplines
Perspectives inter-culturelles et inter-linguistiques sur le discours académique. volume 1 = Cross-cultural and cross-linguistic perspectives on academic discourse
Empathy and intercultural understanding in the context of international long-term volunteers
Experience-based knowledge and cultural differences: a survey of international FUAS students : Experience-based knowledge and cultural differences: a survey of international FUAS students
Quality of nursing care from the perspective of patients, nurses and leaders in Vietnam
Relational dialectics in intercultural couples' relationships
China and Europe - images and influences in sixteenth to eighteenth centuries
What is Europe?
Cultural mélange in aesthetic practices
Increasing intercultural awareness about American holidays through newspapers : a teaching material package for the upper secondary school
This book explores how Modernist movements all across the Mediterranean basin differed from those of other regions. The chapters show how the political and economic turmoil of a period marked by world war, revolution, decolonization, nationalism, and the rapid advance of new technologies compelled artists, writers, and other intellectuals to create a new hybrid Mediterranean Modernist aesthetic which sought to balance the tensions between local and foreign, tradition and innovation, and colonial and postcolonial.
Intercultural communication from managerial perspective : challenges and ways to overcome them
Intercultural bridges in teenagers' theatrical events : performing self and constructing cultural identity through a creative drama process
Students' intercultural competence : in an instruction preparing for basic education-class
Presentation of cultural information about the UK : textbooks of English from primary school to upper secondary school
The Cambridge companion to the American modernist novel
Interprofessional and international learning experiences in social and health care higher education in Lahti University of Applied Sciences
Towards intercultural education. Principles and guidelines for the intercultural curriculum
Thinking Globally, Acting Locally : Creating International Network for Team Entrepreneurs®
"I want to choose the color of my kimono" - Japanese cultural values on seniors' lives : introducing Finnish methods and facilities to Japanese Senior Citizens' Society in a Finnish Wellbeing Center project
Maintaining intercultural supplier relationships through interaction : Analysis of U.S., European and Asian supplier relationships
"It can be a challenge for global organizations to ensure that their increasingly multicultural workforce is working and communicating effectively across different cultures. Drawing on research from over 30,000 individuals from all over the world, Intercultural Readiness presents a model for assessing the four key competencies that employees must develop in order to work effectively across different cultures; Intercultural Sensitivity, Intercultural Communication, Building Commitment and Managing Uncertainty. One of the first scientifically sound intercultural assessment tools, the Intercultural Readiness Check (IRC) helps organizations discover how well they work across cultures and in what areas their teams needed better training or support. Combining their practical experience as intercultural management consultants with a decade of research into how to improve team-working and communication, the authors present practical strategies for how to develop these competencies and provide useful insights into the broader landscape of intercultural management"--
Kanada und die USA - interkulturelle Perspektiven : Internationales Symposium, Wien, 12.-14. April 2000 = Aspects of interculturality - Canada and the United Staates = Perspectives interculturelles - la Canada et les États-Unis
Fairy tales with a Black consciousness : essays on adaptations of familiar stories
There are two sides to every picture : an applied portfolio course in intercultural studies for upper secondary school English
This volume is the first authoritative reference work to provide a truly comprehensive international description and analysis of multicultural education around the world.
Basic concepts of intercultural communication : paradigms, principles, & practices : selected readings
This book analyses higher education from cultural perspectives and also to reflect on the uses of intellectual devices developed in the cultural studies of higher education over the last decades. The first part of the book presents fresh perspectives to integrate cultural studies in higher education with wider societal processes. Professor William G. Tierney speaks about trust and culture in higher education, whereas Professor Imanol Ordorika opens a political perspective to higher education institutions. The second part of the book studies the internal life of higher education. Relying on a variety of cultural perspectives, the chapters explore the actual day-to-day practices taking place in higher education, ranging from student socialisation, student consumerism, tensions in combining academic and market-oriented targets in knowledge production to the formation of academic identities in different disciplinary and organisational cultures. The focus in the third part of the book is to use cultural perspectives developed in previous studies on disciplinary and organisational cultures as a framework to understand a variety of processes and reforms taking place at the institutional level of high education. The chapters in this part of the book analyse the Bologna Process, the evolution of scientific fields in American universities, organisational cultures in Chinese post-merger universities, and doctoral education and cooperation with industry.
Cognition of Korean-English secondary school teachers about intercultural dimension in EFL teaching
Intercultural management competence in Finnish multicultural working life : case Aamujakelu Oy
Business gifts and related meanings in international context : case: Finnish business gift company
The Americas : a hemispheric history
Although communication is central to the humanities and social sciences, the inter-cultural level is often, peculiarly, left out of accounts. So what is intercultural communication? How does it relate to global processes and questions of identity? This comprehensive book examines the main features of intercultural communication. It critically examines the main positions in the field. It addresses intercultural communication within the context of global politics. It seeks to address the specific problems that derive from Western ideology and it sets out an agenda for research. The book investigates categories of cultural action and itemizes the machinery for the illumination of inter-cultural processes. Holliday shows how a dialogue between national structures and creative universal cultural skills can be carried on in new locations. He relates intercultural communication to the topics of multiculturalism, cosmopolitanism and globalization. The book addresses how ideology permeates inter-cultural processes and develops an alternative 'grammar' of culture. Insightful, bold and inspirational, the book is a landmark contribution to the field.
Cultural Chameleons and Teamwork Terminators − Promoting Intercultural Management in the Baltic Sea Region PIM 2009 as Intercultural Teamwork
A fictional journey into newness : intercultural experience through selected Finnish American narratives
This book examines the relationship between two policy approaches for managing the cultural diversity of contemporary societies: interculturalism and multiculturalism. The relationship between these two approaches has been a matter of intense debate in recent years. Some commentators argue that they represent two very different approaches, while others argue that interculturalism merely re-emphasises some of the core elements of present day multiculturalism. The debate arises, in part, because multiculturalism can take a variety of different forms, which makes it difficult to identify its key features in order to compare it with interculturalism. The debate has gained added momentum from the backlash against multiculturalism in recent years, and from the Council of Europe's prominent championing of interculturalism as an alternative approach. This book aims to clarify the concepts of interculturalism and multiculturalism, and to bring the various arguments together in a way that will assist politicians, policy makers, practitioners and interested lay people to understand the concerns that are driving the different orientations. The book is also intended to facilitate a comparison of the policy implications of interculturalism and multiculturalism. To this end, each chapter concludes with a concise statement of the implications for policy that follow from the viewpoint that has been expressed.
Finnishness in cross cultural interaction in international engineering projects
The African-Jamaican aesthetics : cultural retention and transformation across borders
Living and learning together in the 21st century : International Congress on Intercultural Education, University of Jyväskylä, Finland 16-18 September 1999 : programme and abstracts
Nonlinear Distortion in Wireless Systems: Modelling and Simulation with Matlab(r) describes the principles of modeling and simulation of nonlinear distortion in single and multichannel wireless communication systems using both deterministic and stochastic signals. Models and simulation methods of nonlinear amplifiers explain in detail how to analyze and evaluate the performance of data communication links under nonlinear amplification. The book deals with the analysis of nonlinear systems with stochastic inputs and establishes the performance metrics of communication systems with regard to nonlinearity. The relationship between nonlinear system parameters (which are model dependent) and system performance figures of merit is established when the input to the system consists of real-world communication signals. The book also addresses the problem of how to embed models of distortion in system-level simulators such as MATLAB&trade; and MATLAB Simulink&trade; where practical techniques that professionals can use immediately on their projects are presented. The book explores simulation and programming issues and provides a comprehensive reference of simulation tools for nonlinearity in wireless communication systems.
Training know-how for cross cultural and diversity trainers
Trade between Finland and France: challenges in cross-cultural communication
Empowering Intercultural Dialogue in Child Protection : Co-designing Information Material with Professionals and Immigrants
Essays on human resource management perspectives on diversity management
Cross-cultural network management : case study in connecting young Barents - network
Something went wrong? / right! : real studies of leadership in cross-cultural ministry
Media, interaction and integration : cross-cultural dialogues in the Baltic Sea area
Diversity inclusion for social cohesion : discourses in the politics of difference and the advocacy of inclusive practice in social work  education
The Chinese in Southeast Asia
International journal of intercultural relations
Educational enactments in a globalised world : intercultural conversations
Exploring context in religious education research : empirical, methodological and theoretical perspectives
State of the Art der interkulturellen Kompetenz: Ausgewiesene Experten aus Forschung und Praxis und dem In- und Ausland ziehen eine Zwischenbilanz und zeigen innovative Wege für die Zukunft auf. Interkulturelle Kompetenz ist heute eine Schlüsselqualifikation für den beruflichen Erfolg. Was sind jedoch deren wissenschaftlichen Grundlagen? Wie kann sie in Schule, Hochschule und Betrieb erworben und entwickelt werden? Wie wirkt sich interkulturelle Kompetenz in Praxisfeldern wie Unternehmenskultur, Friedens- und Sicherheitspolitik, Entwicklungszusammenarbeit, Migration und Personalentwicklung aus? Anwendungsorientierte wissenschaftliche Analysen und theoretisch reflektierte Praxisbeiträge geben in einem transdisziplinären Dialog Antworten auf diese Fragen.
Intercultural competence needs of exchange students coming to or going abroad from the university of Costa Rica
Critical incidents as a training tool for Finnish exchange students going to The United States
A comparison of two models explaining the same phenomenon : a comparative analysis of cultural intelligence and the integrated model of intercultural communication competence
Feeling at home : a guide to cultural issues for those working with international students
Completely updated,Counseling the Culturally Diverse: Theory and Practice, Sixth Edition is the most widely used and critically acclaimed text on multicultural counseling, offering students and professionals essential and thought-provoking material on the theory, research, and practice of multicultural counseling. The new edition presents the newest research in the field of multicultural counseling, as well as an expanded section on microaggressions. With its unique conceptual framework for multicultural therapy, this book remains the best source of real-world counseling preparation for students and the most enlightened, influential guide for professionals.
Financial administration in organizing Erasmus Intensive programmes. Case: Promoting Intercultural management in the Baltic Sea Region 2009
Fundamental aspects of transcultural nursing
Signposts : policy and practice for teaching about religions and non-religious world views in intercultural education
International business : the new realities
Governance in immigrant family businesses : enterprise, ethnicity and family dynamics
Stories for Simon
"What is Europe? Where does it begin and end? Who is a European? These questions have long been debated but never more so than in the early 21st century. Anna Triandafyllidou and Ruby Gropas show that there can be no single definition of Europe but that a lot can be learned from addressing its diverse meanings"--
Researching identity and interculturality
CouchSurfing - a choice for travellers
SELL IT SAP UPGRADE IMPLEMENTATION - SHOULD CHANGE MANAGEMENT BE AS EXTENSIVE AS THE EFFECT OF THE CHANGE?
The cross-cultural legacy : critical and creative writings in memory of Hena Maes-Jelinek
Mediator's intercultural competence in cross-cultural conflict resolution : Reflective ladder learning model
Health promotion in multicultural populations : a handbook for practitioners and students
Multiculturalism and moral conflict
Imagining the other : orientalism and occidentalism in Tamil-European relations in South India
Cram 101 textbook outlines to accompany Cross-cultural psychology: contemporary themes and perspectives
Cross-cultural protection of nature and the environment
