http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10614 shopping malls
shopping malls strip malls
Retail change : contemporary issues
Victor Gruen : from urban shop to new city
The power of visual presentation : Tony Horton : portfolio
Essays on urban wages, location and retail trade
From conception to implementation : how to develop a successful shopping center in China - a case study of Bailian New Era Mall
Seven designers for shops
International shopping center architecture : details, concepts & projects
Esteetön Helsinki : liikkumisesteisen opas = Det tillgängliga Helsingfors : guide för funktionshindrade = Accessible Helsinki : guide for disabled people
Stores and retail spaces 2
Explains how clothing trade is done at the Tongdaemun Sijang in Seoul, Korea and how world-wide fashion starts from the Tongdaemun market place.
Store planning design : history, theory, process
Dawn of the dead : 2-disc special edition
Detail in contemporary retail design
Shopping centres play a key role in the modern day retail market, serving as a concentration of both merchants and consumers as well as hubs of entertainment and social activity. The most crucial element of a successful retail center is the consumer. Without enough traffic, tenants are unable to run a profitable business, affecting their ability to pay rent. A good location is often said to be most important factor, but additionally, a good tenant mix and anchor stores capable of attracting customers dictate the success of a shopping center. A working tenant mix means having a selection of operators that work well as individual businesses but also complement one another and increase the functionality of the entire center by attracting customers. The objective of this study is to examine the importance of these factors on the success of a shopping center, with a case study on the Forum shopping centre in downtown Turku. For the past ten years, this prime location center has not been performing as well as could be expected in a location with a notable amount of retail activity and successful businesses. The case study examines the reasons behind the poor performance with a focus on tenant mix, and makes suggestions on improvement based on the findings of this research.
The best in retail corporate identity
Air conditioning in the Forum building
Shopping, place and identity
Retailising space : architecture, retail and the territorialisation of public space
Designing with light : retail spaces : lighting solutions for shops, malls and markets ; series ed. Conway Lloyd Morgan
The landscape of consumption : shopping streets and cultures in Western Europe, 1600-1900
New architecture. 10, Shopping malls : Centros comerciales
A mall for all? : race and public space in post-apartheid Cape Town
Architektur für den Handel : Kaufhäuser, Einkaufszentren, Galerien, Geschichte und gegenwärtige Tendenzen = Architecture for the retail trade : department stores, shopping centres, arcades, history and current tendencies
International interiors 6 : [workspaces, offices & studios, shops, restaurants, bars, clubs, hotels, cultural and public buildings]. 6, Workspaces, offices & studios, shops, restaurants, bars, clubs, hotels, cultural and public buildings
Shopping centre retailing concept as a structural and managerial problem
Experiential marketing in US shopping centers : an exploratory case study of Mall of America
Objects of desire : consumer behaviour in shopping centre choices
The future of shopping : traditional patterns and net effects
What was lost
Spend, spend, spend! : a history of shopping
Distance and store choice : with special reference to out-of-town shopping
The grocers : the rise and the rise of the supermarket chains
Feasibility study for marketing Newtest Cholesterol and Bone Health Monitors : in Spanish sport sector
Leisure and retailing
Shopping center development handbook
The retail development process : location, property and planning
International interiors. 7
Shopping environments : evolution, planning and design
Abstract: Consumer buying behaviour in business clothing markets of women in St Petersburg.
Centro Finlandia as a business environment
Refloating the Green River merchant marine
Experience shopping : where, why and how people shop all over the world
Playing the cello
Brand lands, hot spots & cool spaces : welcome to the third place and the total marketing experience
A theory of shopping
Harvard Design School guide to shopping. 2
Regional shopping centres : out-of-town versus in-town
Navigating in the world of services
Street photography now
Fashion express Dongdaemun
Shopping as an entertainment experience
Principles of urban retail planning and development
The purpose of the survey was to seek for possible development areas for a Finnish shopping and service center, Centro Finlandia. The shopping and service center is located in Fuengirola, Spain, and offers all its services in Finnish language to the growing Finnish community in the Costa del Sol area. Centro Finlandia's main earning logic is renting premises for entrepreneurs, who then are able to establish their own companies in the center. Centro Finlandia was established just three years ago and the owners are eager to develop it all the time. Therefore they have asked me to interview their tenants and see if they are happy with the current state of the center or if something should be changed or developed.      I conducted a qualitative research on the subject. I travelled to Fuengirola to execute semi-structured interviews of nine entrepreneurs and the staff on Centro Finlandia.     Based on my findings, a rough summarization could be that the entrepreneurs are pleased with the current situation and most of them are happy about Centro Finlandia's future plans of becoming a wellness and health oriented center. Of course we also found some room for improvement, the topic that arose mostly from the answers was the lack of foreign customers. Although the center is Finland oriented, it is vital for the companies to have local customers in addition to the Finns who live or travel to the area. I have addressed these issues in the conclusion-section.     I was fortunate to be able to interview all of Centro Finlandia's tenants and that gave me as reliable results for my research as possible in the circumstances. I have attached all the answer I've got from the interviews to this report. All the people I interviewed gave me rights to use their and their companies? names in the making of this report.
Milieu construction : an interdisciplinary conference, January 23-25, 1997, Turku, Finland
The importance of tenant mix in a retail center : case study Forum Turku
Tourist shopping villages : forms and functions
Mini shopaholic
Retailing : shopping, society, space
Trade mark & store design : L`anima oltre l`atlantico ; the soul beyond the atlantic
The mall
Resourcing early learners : new networks, new actors
The shopping experience
Mall maker : Victor Gruen, architect of an American dream
European shop designs
Started early, took my dog
'Street Photography Now' celebrates the work of 46 image-makers from across the globe. Included are such luminaries as Magnum grandmasters Gilden, Parr and Webb, as well as an international posse of emerging photographers. Four essays and quotes from interviews with the photographers are included--
One nation under goods : malls and the seductions of American shopping
World according to Concrete
Shopping in the East Centre Mall
Consumer buying behaviour in business clothing markets of women in St Petersburg
"This volume brings together research on retailing and shopping and their embeddedness in urban space, themes that have attracted wide interest in recent decades. Addressing these themes over an era that bridges the early modern and modern period, the authors argue that the 'modernity' of the nineteenth century is often overemphasised, at the expense of recognising the continuities with the earlier period and the degree of innovation that took place before the onset of 'modernity'. This collection compares long-term developments in retail locations, retailing formats, regulation of shopping streets, and the cult of shopping for pleasure across a number of neighbouring countries and regions (Britain, France, Germany, Belgium and The Netherlands), and offers surprising new insights into the processes of cultural transfer, appropriation and exchange. "--
Shopping in the eighties : a guide to sources of information
New retail
Store location analysis and the mystery of consumer spatial behaviour : competition between downtown shopping areas and out-of-town shopping centres as a special case
You are here : The Jerde Partnership International
