http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10636 blue fox
blue fox
Use of various platforms and nestbox by farmed blue and silver foxes
Genetic parameters for Finnish blue fox population : litter size, age at first insemination and pelt size
Out of the blue...fox
Social relationships and reproductive performance in group-living arctic blue foxes
Environmental factors and reproduction in farmed blue fox (Vulpes lagopus) vixens
Optimization of the current breeding scheme for blue fox
Effect of enlarged cage space and access ti earthen floor on locomotor and digging activity of blue foxes
Raccoon dog and blue fox parvoviruses
Farmed blue foxes' (Vulpes lagopus) need for a sand floor
Preferences of silver and blue foxes for farm cage and pen
Behavioural tests in welfare research of foxes
Inbreeding and relationship coefficients in the Finnish blue fox population
Resting platforms and nest boxes for farmed blue foxes (Alopex lagopus) and silver foxes (Vulpes vulpes) : the extent of use, reasons for use and welfare effects
Effects of group size and early handling on some behavioural and physiological welfare parameters in farmed blue foxes
Marketing research of blue fox skins in the Chinese fur market
Transcervical transfer of in vivo produced embryos in the farmed blue fox (Alopex lagopus)
Physiological and behavioural responses in blue foxes (Alopex lagopus) : comparisons between space quantity and floor material
Effects of dietary fat on production performance, body fat composition and skin storage in farm-raised mink and foxes
This thesis was commissioned by Leivonniemi Oy which is a trading company specialized in the fur and leather business. The thesis aimed to find out whether and where could be opportunities for the Finnish blue fox business of Leivonniemi Oy in China. This would be based on what the Chinese customer' needs are when they choose blue fox skins, and an understanding of the differences between Finnish and Chinese blue foxes and the market situation. By basing marketing on the needs of Chinese customers, the supplying will be more accurate.  There are four objectives for this thesis. First of all, it is necessary to build knowledge of the blue fox, such as farming, the process from farmers to consumers, and the grading system. Secondly, it is to compare the differences between the Chinese and the Finnish blue fox. Then, to describe and analyze the current market situation of the Chinese fur market and the marketing of blue fox skins in the Chinese fur market so that future trends of the Finnish blue fox could be analyzed. The last objective is to analyze the Chinese customers' preferences and needs.   The desk research was mainly done by searching from the Internet, E-journals, magazines and literature. The theories which are applied in the thesis are gathered from different literature sources concerning marketing and consumer behavior. The field research has been done by a conducted survey in the form of a questionnaire.   The results of the study show that the Chinese fur market are still increasing and developing, so that there are opportunities for the company's blue fox business in China. To cooperate with the enterprises who purchase from Finland directly is the starting point to enter the Chinese fur market.
Shrinkage temperature as function of local and angular coordinates in blue-fox leather - a further study
Protein and amino acids in the nutrition of the growing-furring blue fox
[Summary].
Preferences of farmed blue foxes for platforms, nestbox and cage floor
