http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1068 textual analysis
textual analysis
An introduction to the nature and functions of language
A Study on Text Variants in the "Letters of a Russian Traveler" by N. M. Karamzin : materials
Text type distinctions and variation in English of software engineering
Hume's scepticism and realism : his two profound arguments against the senses in an enquiry concerning human understanding
The vitality of enjoyment in Qohelet's theological rhetoric
Linguistic and literary theories in reading
Reading texts : teaching suggestions
Literary texts as nonlinear patterns : a chaotics reading of Rainforest, Transparent things, Travesty, and Tristram Shandy
Practical text analytics : interpreting text and unstructured data for business intelligence
Referat.
The power of discourse : an introduction to discourse analysis
Discourse structuring and text analysis of three varieties of English
Text book : an introduction to literary language
How to read Shakespeare
Pushkin's "Poltava" : a literary structuralist interpretation
Discourse analysis
Appraising appraisal : is the appraisal theory a plausible tool for text analysis?
Finnish summary.
Counterfeit capital : poetic labor and revolutionary irony
Rebuilding defenses : exploration in Norman Fairclough's theory of critical discourse analysis
Dialogue and rhetoric : communication strategies in Russian text and theory
Text, context and performance in Cambodia, Laos, and Vietnam
Reports on text linguistics: four papers on text, style and syntax
Gerontology and the construction of old age : a study in discourse analysis
The miracle stories of the early Christian tradition
Christ-believers in Ephesus : a textual analysis of early Christian identity formation in a local perspective
Text worlds : representing conceptual space in discourse
Textual trails from oral to written sources : an introduction
Identity and causality in Swedish LSP texts
Shakespeare's secret schemers : the study of an early modern dramatic device
Measuring writing : recent insights into theory, methodology and practices
The Acts of the Apostles
The semiotics of performance
Textual analysis of a recovered memory trial assisted by computer search for keywords
The problem of equivalence in translating texts in international reading literacy studies : atext analytic study of three English and Finnish texts used in the PISA 2000 reading texts
Reading ancient texts : essays in honour of Denis O'Brien. Vol. 1, Presocratics and Plato
Interdisciplinary approaches to discourse analysis
Reading visual poetry after futurism : Marinetti, Apollinaire, Schwitters, Cummings
Booked : literature in the soul of me
This volume provides a state-of-the-art overview of theory, methodology and practices in the assessment of writing. The focus throughout the book is on the construct of writing and its assessment: what constitutes writing ability and how can it be defined (in various contexts)? This question cannot be answered without looking into the methodological question of how to validate and measure the construct of writing ability. Throughout the book, therefore, discussions integrate theoretical and methodological issues. A number of chapters discusses whether varying definitions and varying operationalizations of writing ability are needed in various contexts, such as formative assessments versus summative assessments, large scale assessments versus individual assessments, different tasks, different genres, and different languages, but also different age groups. A range of rating methods is investigated and discussed in this book. The ongoing debate on holistic versus analytic ratings, and the different underlying conceptions of writing proficiency, is a pertinent matter, on which a number of chapters in this volume shed new light. The matter is discussed and analyzed from various angles, such as generalizability of judgements and usability in formative contexts. Another fundamental debate concerns computer scoring of written products. A nuanced discussion of its validity is presented in this volume.
Fuzzy coherence : making sense of continuity in hypertext narratives
Nights at the circus
The Corinthian body
The Sayings Gospel Q was composed in the central decades of the first century CE by Galilean villagers who had acquired knowledge of Greek mostly through their involvement with the public administration. The present book analyzes the text of Q in order to rediscover the terminological and ideological traces of the activity of these sub-elite scribes in the Sayings Gospel. Given the bureaucratic positions occupied by the members of this group, the peculiar use of the phrase Basileia tou theou carries a specific significance for its theological political implications. On the basis of Giorgio Agamben's recent revision of the category of political theology, the attitude of Q on divine kingship is understood as an instance of sub-elite negotiation of social and political positions vis-à-vis the expansion of Roman imperial hegemony in the eastern Mediterranean. In this context the author(s) of Q envisage apocalyptic scenarios in which divine kingship replaces human rulers and native sub-elite bureaucrats can share in the exercise of cosmic government.
Discourse as data : a guide for analysis
Advances in written text analysis
Literacies across media : playing the text
Markan sandwich stories : narration, definition and function
Topic identification for text summarization in support of business environmental scanning
Virginia Woolf and the migrations of language
The Disciplines of criticism : essays in literary theory, interpretation, and history
Reporting, borrowing, plagiarizing : Issues of inter- and intratextual translation
Actor's general conceptions and strategies for local development : an application of perspective text analysis
Prior linguistic knowledge matters : the use of the partitive case in Finnish learner language
Automatic indexing : an approach using an index term corpus and combining linquistic and statistical methods
This book introduces using R for data mining. Data mining techniques are widely used in government agencies, banks, insurance, retail, telecom, medicine and research. Recently, there is an increasing tendency to do data mining with R, a free software environment for statistical computing and graphics. According to a poll by KDnuggets.com in early 2011, R is the 2nd popular tool for data mining work. By introducing using R for data mining, this book will have a broad audience from both academia and industry. It targets researchers in the field of data mining, postgraduate students.
Telling how texts talk : essays on reading and ethnomethodology
The escaped mystery : poetry of Momčilo Nastasijević
Leaving the m/other : Whitman, Kristeva, and Leaves of grass
Harmonizing The Norms On International Commercial Arbitration : Globalising Trends, Local Constraints
The mechanisms of enacting movie scripts in before sunrise and before sunset
A multi-dimensional analysis of the Nokia NMS/2000 customer documentation
Introduction to the Hebrew Bible
Text analysis for the social sciences : methods for drawing statistical inferences from texts and transcripts
Henrik Ibsen : the devided consciousness
Signs and wonders : selected essays
Text summarization guided by topic analysis
Popularisation and empowerment
The politics of metaphor : biotechnology and biodiversity in the media
Rewriting loss : melancholia, ethics, and aesthetics in selected works by Chuang Hua, Maxine Hong Kingston, and Fae Myenne Ng
Testi, intertesti, contesti : Seminario su "The wife of Bath" di Éilís Ní Dhuibhne
Virginia Woolf's rich and imaginative use of language was partly a result of her keen interest in foreign literatures and languages - mainly Greek and French, but also Russian, German and Italian. As a translator she naturally addressed herself both to contemporary standards of translation within the university, but also to readers like herself. In Three Guineas she ranged herself among German scholars who used Antigone to critique European politics of the 1930s. Orlando outwits the censors with a strategy that focuses on Proust's untranslatable word. The Waves and The Years show her looking ahead to the problems of postcolonial society, where translation crosses borders. In this first in-depth study of Woolf and European languages and literatures, Emily Dalgarno opens up a rewarding new way of reading her prose.
Text and style
Echo's bones
An introduction to the Johannine Gospel and Letters
The semiotics of writing : transdisciplinary perpectives on the technology of writing
Mark : a commentary on his apology for the cross
Studies in stemmatology
On the surface of discourse
The semantics of free indirect discource : how texts allow us to mind-read and eavesdrop
How to read texts : a student guide to critical approaches and skills
Striking the chords of spirit and flesh in Polish poetry : a serendipity
Handbook of automated essay evaluation : current applications and new directions
Pushkin's lyric intelligence
Usability of Vaisala's customer documentation
Social linguistics and literacies : ideology in discourses
Reading the signs : sense and significance in written texts
The 'Suffering servant' of Isaiah according to the Jewish interpreters
A new word on The brothers Karamazov
Third International Conference on Quantitative Linguistics : August 26-29, 1997, Helsinki, Finland
Storytelling in organizations : facts fiction and fantasies
The paradigm shift from historical criticism to new literary criticism involves a growing hermeneutical interest in the many functions of the reader within the process of interpretation of Biblical texts. This volume, which contains the papers presented at the Sixth international colloquium of the RRENAB (Réseau de la Narratologie et Bible) in Louvain-la-Neuve (May 2012), not only shows the state of the art of the role of the reader in exegesis but also reveals the challenges for future research: the relationship between the historical reader, the implied reader and the actual readers; the search for integration of different methodologies; the inevitable collaboration of Biblical studies with other disciplines of humanities and social sciences. The studies in this book are the first steps towards a dialogue on these themes. They contain contributions on many texts of the Bible and their reception as well as theoretical reflections on the reader.
Portrait of an artist as a dead man : a study of British obituaries as a genre
Texts and interaction : literacy practices in the EFL classroom
The creation of sacred literature : composition and redaction of the biblical text
Imaginary dialogues in American literature and philosophy : beyond the mainstream
Museum texts : communication frameworks
Word and music studies : essays on the song cycle and on defining the field : proceedings of the Second International Conference on Word and Music Studies at Ann Arbor, MI, 1999
Unspeakable secrets and the psychoanalysis of culture
The hypothetical in literature : emotion and emplotment
The text of the Old Testament : an introduction to the Biblia Hebraica
A manual of textual analysis
Narrative, interrupted : the plotless, the disturbing and the trivial in literature
Anton Čechov's Višnevyj sad : a critical edition of the original Russian text with an introduction, a new translation and supplementary materials
Short stories by Edgar Allan Poe
Hearing the New Testament : strategies for interpretation
Promoting the European Union : attitudinal stance adjectives in three genres of EU communication to the public
Metadiscourse in executive letters of corporate annual and social reports
Genre features of patent applications
R and Data Mining : Examples and Case Studies
Script analysis for actors, directors, and designers
A sentence-relational approach to the definition of the notion of the topic sentence
The strategy of intertextuality in J. M. Coetzee's In the heart of the country, Foe and Disgrace
New visions of Isaiah
Traditions of writing research
Empirical approaches to discourse analysis = Empirieorientierte Ansätze in der Diskursanalyse
Content is number one : identifying ways to improve the content of a corporate website
James and the Q sayings of Jesus
Worlds of written discourse : [a genre-based view]
Corpus of Soqotri oral literature. Volume 1
The first edition of the New Testament
Reference in two types of texts
Jesus' exposition of the Old Testament in Luke's Gospel
Advertising features and the use of English language in Demi and Suosikki magazines
Mark and Q : a study of the overlap texts
Roth unbound : a writer and his books
Language processing with perl and prolog : theories, implementation, and application
Leviticus in Hebrews : a transtextual analysis of the tabernacle theme in the Letter to the Hebrews
The secret life of poems : a poetry primer
The structure of texts
Word associations as a language model for generative and creative tasks
Complete annotated Grateful Dead lyrics : the collected lyrics of Robert Hunter and John Barlow, lyrics to all original songs, with selected traditional and cover songs
Vostok-Zapad : vtoraâ meždunarodnaâ konferenciâ po modeli "Smysl - Tekst" = East - West encounter : second international conference on Meaning - Text theory
Kingdom of bureaucracy : the political theology of village scribes in the Sayings Gospel Q
Part I The Still Waters of Narrative: The Boring and the PlotlessConversational and Authorial Disclosure in the Dialogue Novel: The Case of The Friends of Eddie Coyle. Resistance to Plot and Uneven Narrativity: A Journey from “A Boring Story” to The Rings of Saturn. What Happens When Nothing Happens: Interpreting Narrative Technique in the Plotless Novels of Nicholson Baker. Events Can Be Quoted (and Words Need Not Be). Pynchon's Poetics of Boredom: Cognitive and Textual Aspects of Novelistic Dreariness. Part II A Web of Sense: Interpreting the Disturbing and the Difficult Toward a Zoonarratology: Storytelling and Species Difference in Animal Comics. Watching a Tree Grow: Terrence Malick's The New World and the Nature of Cinema. Navigating—Making Sense—Interpreting (The Reader behind La Jalousie). History Impossible: Narrating and Motivating the Past. Unnatural Temporalities: Interfaces between Postmodernism, Science Fiction, and the Fantastic. The Imperfect Is Our Paradise: Intertextuality and Fragmentary Narration in Margaret Atwood's Alias Grace. Fragile Narrative Situations: Conrad Compared to Sebald. Part III Shadow of a Tail: Problems of AuthorshipName Change and Author Avatars in Varlam Shalamov and Primo Levi. Stranger than Fiction, or, Jerome David Salinger, Author of Lolita: Real, Implied and Fictive Authorship. Translators, Scoundrels and Gentlemen of Honor: Problems of Nabokov's Loyalty. Affordances of Form in Stanzaic Narrative Poetry. A Shadow on the Marble.
Quality on the move : discursive construction of higher education policy from the perspective of quality
Kirill of Turov : bishop, preacher, hymnographer
Communication and cultural literacy : an introduction
Shakespeare : the tragedies
"Bridging the gap between the marketer who must put text analytics to use and the increasingly rarefied community of data analysis experts, Practical Text Analytics is an accessible guide to the many remarkable advances in text analytics that specialists are discussing among themselves. Instead of being a resource for programmers, a book on theory or an introduction on how to use advanced statistical programs, this daily reference resource cuts through the profusion of jargon, evaluating the strengths and weaknesses of various methods and serving as a guide to what is credible in this fast-moving and often confusing field. Practical Text Analytics provides guidance on the application of text analytics for marketing professionals who must interpret the results and apply them in their campaigns. It presents the process of analysis in ways that people who use the data need to see them, helping marketers to clarify and organize confidently the confusing array of methods, frame the right questions and apply the results successfully to find meaning in any unstructured data and develop powerful new marketing strategies. About the series: The Marketing Science series makes difficult topics accessible to marketing students and practitioners by grounding them in business reality. Each book is written by an expert in the field and includes case studies and illustrations so marketers can gain confidence in applying the tools and techniques and commission external research"--
The areas of natural language processing and computational linguistics have continued to grow in recent years, driven by the demand to automatically process text and spoken data. With the processing power and techniques now available, research is scaling up from lab prototypes to real-world, proven applications. This book teaches the principles of natural language processing, first covering practical linguistics issues such as encoding and annotation schemes, defining words, tokens and parts of speech, and morphology, as well as key concepts in machine learning, such as entropy, regression, and classification, which are used throughout the book. It then details the language-processing functions involved, including part-of-speech tagging using rules and stochastic techniques, using Prolog to write phase-structure grammars, syntactic formalisms and parsing techniques, semantics, predicate logic, and lexical semantics, and analysis of discourse and applications in dialogue systems. A key feature of the book is the author's hands-on approach throughout, with sample code in Prolog and Perl, extensive exercises, and a detailed introduction to Prolog. The reader is supported with a companion website that contains teaching slides, programs, and additional material. The second edition is a complete revision of the techniques exposed in the book to reflect advances in the field, the author redesigned or updated all the chapters, added two new ones, and considerably expanded the sections on machine-learning techniques.
Shakespeare, the comedies
Beyond boundaries : textual representations of European identity
Humorous texts : a semantic and pragmatic analysis
Community of the wise : the letter of James
Text, play, and story : the construction and reconstruction of self and society
Conceptualizing words for "God" within the Pentateuch : a cognitive-semantic investigation in literary context
Let's go to the countryside : farmhouse accommodation web pages in the Ostrobothnia area
Gogol : exploring absence : negativity in 19th century Russian literature
Research methods in anthropology : qualitative and quantitative approaches
Freedom beyond forgiveness : the Book of Jonah re-examined
The complete annotated Grateful Dead lyrics : the collected lyrics of Robert Hunter and John Barlow, lyrics to all original songs, with selected traditional and cover songs
Finding the lost : cultural keys to Luke 15
Doubt and reflection in the didactics of translation
The need to change the structure of the English sentence in order better to meet the requirements of women writers is a constant theme in the work of Virginia Woolf. She wrote during a period when the goals of translation were undergoing fundamental changes that enlarged and facilitated that project. The British translator who was compelled to observe the ethnocentric standards of Greek translation in the university evolved within a few decades into a figure whose aim, in response to the demands of colonial readers, was to mediate between cultures. It is the argument of this book that although Woolf read translations to acquaint herself with the diverse cultures of the world, as a writer she quickly learned to use translation as a means to resist the tendency of the dominant language to control meaning, the first step to remodeling semantics and syntax.
Principles and practice of textual analysis
Milton's words
Appraisal in online reviews of South Park : a study of engagement resources used in online reviews
Much ado about "A nude, chocolate-smeared young woman". Strategies of persuasion in reviews of Karen Finley's performance piece 'We keep our victims ready'
Wislawa Szymborska's poetry : choice of essays
Sean O'Casey's drama : verisimilitude and vision
Reimagining textuality : textual studies in the late age of print
Guided by adverbials : notes on text strategy and adverbial placement
Poetry's touch : on lyric address
I cień i światło ... : o twórczości Adama Zagajewskiego = Both light and shadow ... : the work of Adam Zagajewski
Text analysis in translation : theory, methodology, and didactic application of a model for translation-oriented text analysis
Miłosz and the problem of evil
Text and texture : systemic functional viewpoints on the nature and structure of text
Modes of co-reference as an indicator of genre
Jesus and the suffering servant : Isaiah 53 and Christian origins
The most dangerous art : poetry, politics, and autobiography after the Russian revolution
Clifford Odets: playwright-poet
Medieval manuscript miscellanies : composition, authorship, use
The language of rock music journalism
A unified theory of creationism : argumentation, experiential thinking and emerging doctrine
Analyzing everyday texts : discourse, rhetoric, and social perspectives
Text, discourse and process : toward a multidisciplinary science of texts
Genre theory in the past few years has contributed immensely to our understanding of the way discourse is used in academic, professional and institutional contexts. However, its development has been constrained by the nature and design of its applications, which have invariably focused on language teaching and learning, or communication training and consultation. This has led to the use of simplified and idealised genres. In contrast to this, the real world of discourse is complex, dynamic and unpredictable. This tension between the real world of written discourse and its representation in app.
The pragmatics of perception and cognition in MT Jeremiah 1:1-6:30 : a cognitive linguistics approach
Reading texts : an introduction to strategies and interpretation
The corporate image of Rautaruukki : a reception study and textual analysis of Rautaruukki's brochures, advertisements and Internet pages
Slavic poetics : essays in honor of Kiril Taranovsky
Computer-assisted text analysis
Bridging inferences : constraining and resolving underspecification in discourse interpretation
Cyberactivism and the Arab spring : textual analysis of social media in the light of communication power structure, transnational learning and regional development
Muhammad, the apostle of God, and his ascension. 5, King and saviour
Structure and meaning in conversation and literature
Girirāj Kiśor's Yātrāeṁ : a Hindi novel analysed
