http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10694 marquetry
marquetry
Intarsia woodworking for beginners : skill-building lessons for creating beautiful wood mosaics
Fine woodworking on marquetry and veneer : 38 articles selected by the editors of Fine Woodworking magazine
Learning the art of pyrography : burning images on wood, paper, and leather
Beginning picture marquetry
Small Intarsia : projects you can make
Big book of scroll saw woodworking : more than 60 projects and techniques for fretwork, intarsia, & other scroll saw crafts
The art of the cabinet
The Gubbio studiolo and its conservation : [Vol.] I. Fererico da Montefeltro's palace at Gubbio and its studiolo
Intarsia : Artistry in wood
Creative gold- and silversmithing : jewelry : decorative metalcraft
Fun & easy intarsia projects
Renaissance intarsia : masterpieces of wood inlay
Decorative wood inlay
THE GRAMMAR OF JAPANESE ORNAMENT
Treasure chests : The legacy of extraordinary boxes
French furniture makers : the art of the ébéniste from Louis XIV to the Revolution
Tuchintarsien in Europa von 1500 bis heute = Inlaid patchwork in Europe from 1500 to the present
A guitarmaker's canvas : The inlay art of Grit Laskin
Artists' techniques and materials
Artistic furniture of the Gilded Age
The conservation of decorative arts
Artistic intarsia projects
Masterpieces of marquetry. 3 : outstanding marqueters
Masterpieces of marquetry. 2 : from the régence to the present day
The art of marquetry
The marquetry course
GETTING THE VERY BEST FROM YOUR SCROLL SAW
Towards co-dining : haptic experience in tableware, Lumia
Bai nian Waitan jian zhu : Shanghai China : the bund & architecture of one century
Postprints of the Wooden Artifacts Group : presented at the 25th Annual Meeting of the American Institute for Conservation, San Diego, California, June 1997.
Paintings in wood : french marquetry furniture
Decorative straw craft : Swiss straw work, embroidery and marquetry
With wakened hands : furniture by James Krenov and students
The art of inlay : contemporary design & technique for musical instruments, fine woodworking & objets d'art
The Gubbio studiolo and its conservation : [Vol.] II. Italian Renaissance intarsia and the conservation of the Gubbio studiolo
Taunton's complete illustrated guide to box making
The art of marquetry in eighteenth century Russia
Book of woodworking
The art of inlay : design & technique for fine woodworking
Masterpieces of marquetry. 1 : from the beginnings to Louis XIV
Laminated wood art made easy : the full-stripe pattern
Pearl inlay : an instruction manual for inlaying abalone and mother-of-pearl
The craft of straw decoration : for corn dolly makers and workers in straw
Watercolours. Vol. 1, 1900-1921
The handbook of painted decoration : the tools, materials, and step-by-step techniques of trompe lóeil painting : with 830 illustrations, 775 in colour
Creative intarsia projects
Marquetry : how to make pictures and patterns in wood veneers
Decorating wood
Versperrbare Kostbarkeiten : Kästchen und Kabinette aus aller Welt = Locked treasures : caskets and cabinets from around the world
Veneering, marquetry and inlay
400 wood boxes : the fine art of containment & concealment
Blanket chests : outstanding designs from 30 of the world's finest furniture makers
The art of intarsia : projects and patterns
Intarsia : 30 patterns for the scrollsaw
Mittelalterliche Tuchintarsien in Schweden und Finland = Medieval inlaid patchworks in Sweden and Finland
This studiolo, or study, is one of the most important works of art of the Italian Renaissance in America. It was commissioned around 1476 by Federico da Montefeltro (1422–1482), duke of Urbino, for his residence in the small city of Gubbio, north of Perugia in the foothills of the Appenine mountains in Italy. The studiolo was intended to provide a place for intellectual pursuits, examining confidential papers or private possessions, or receiving special visitors. The walls of the small room are carried out in wood inlay. Thousands of tiny pieces of different kinds of wood have been used to create the illusion of walls lined with cupboards. Their lattice doors are open, revealing a dazzling array of the accoutrements of the duke's life. Armor and insignia refer to his prowess as a warrior and wise governor; musical and scientific instruments and books attest to his love of learning. --
Handmade in Italy
"The first modern survey of a fascinating yet underappreciated art form, abundantly illustrated with new color photography. In this volume, a team of art historians trace the evolution of Renaissance intarsia through a discussion of twelve of the most important intarsia cycles"--
