http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10684 nursing (work)
nursing (work)
Torture survivors : a new group of patients
Epidemiology for advanced nursing practice
Principles and technics of rehabilitation nursing
A literature review on ethical and cultural questions in multicultural counseling
Strategies fot the future of nursing : changing roles, responsibilities, and employment patterns of registered nurses
Nursing management and education : a conceptual approach to change
Caring for dying and meeting death : the views of Iranian and Swedish nurses and student nurses
The journey of evidence synthesis
Nursing rituals, research and rational actions
Educating nurses for leadership
Dementia in close-up : understanding and caring for peaple with dementia
The humanistic nursing process
The ABC of anaesthesia nursing for perioperative nursing students : a tool to support learning during practical training
Introduction to quality and safety education for nurses : core competencies
Introduction to nursing : an adaption model
Leadership and Nursing : Contemporary Perspectives
The nurse and her problem patients
Principles and Practice of Psychiatric Nursing
Attitude of student nurses` toward people with disabilities
Parish nursing : the developing practice
Notes on nursing : what it is, and what it is not
Game-based teaching and simulation in nursing and healthcare
Information systems innovations for nursing : new visions and ventures
Nurse education today
The preceptors' experiences in precepting ELTDP nursing students in surgical clinical placements
Understanding perioperative nursing
The spy who came in from the cold
Meeting a Profoundly Disabled Person in Nursing : Teaching Material for Tampere University of Applied Sciences
Abstract.
Clinical decision making for nurse practitioners : a case study approach
Community resources for older adults : a guide for managers
Introduction to nursing research : developing research awareness
Pediatric nursing demystified
Cultural competence in nursing : nurses' perceptions
International nursing students' professional skills relating to assessing and supporting seriously ill clients in their emotional transitions
Journal of advanced nursing
An archaeology of philosophical anthropology : a reconstruction of the historical philosophical background of ethnography and consequences for nursing science
Leadership
Job satisfaction of nurses in Mauritius
Skills performance checklists for clinical nursing skills and techniques
The ICN Code of ethics for nurses
Advanced practice nursing : an integrative approach
Meeting an Aggressive Patient
Alcohol use among elderly at home care
Basic principles of nursing care
Nursing Peer Review : A Practical, Nonpunitive Approach to Case Review
Innovations in nursing practice
Pocket guide to psychiatric nursing
Purchasing and providing health care : a practical guide
Community nursing : dimensions and dilemmas
Basic intermediate & advanced skills : student version 3.0
Abstract: The purpose of this qualitative study was to explore the experiences of preceptors in mentoring English Language Taught Degree programme (ELTDP) international nursing students in clinical practice in medical setting. Five registered nurses (RNs) with minimum of three years' experience of preceptoring ELTDP international nursing students were interviewed. The interviews were digitally recorded and data from the interviews were transcribed verbatim then analyzed using inductive content analysis. There were four main categories that emerged from the data. The first was challenges/barriers to learning with generic categories such as communication, competency, lack of motivation, and stress and pressure. The second main category was profitable teaching style with generic categories: learning by doing, preceptor-preceptee relationship and motivation. The third and fourth main categories were external (nursing schools) and internal (wards) support respectively. Language skills, cultural differences, staff nurses' negative attitude towards students pose barriers to successful learning outcomes. Participants expressed that planning beforehand, creating a friendly environment for learning; assigning duties to students and open-mindedness are profitable teaching strategies. The need for preparatory courses for preceptors and more awareness of ELTDP international nursing students in the ward if a more successful learning outcome is to be achieved is recommended.
Evidence-based healthcare
Scientific principles in nursing
Orthopaedic and trauma nursing : an evidence-based approach to musculoskeletal care
Abstract: Job satisfaction of nursing in Mauritius.
Evidence-based patient handling : tasks, equipment and interventions
Developing practical skills for nursing children and young people
Rethinking computer-based simulation : concepts and models
Alcohol use is one of the problems within elderly that had not been studied enough. The purpose of this thesis was to describe how widespread alcohol problem is among elderly who are under the home care services. The idea of this research arose from the experience I had when I was doing my elderly nursing care practice and I observed how alcohol affected their health. This research was quantitative. The data was gathered by interviewing the clients with the pre-made questionnaire forms. Most of the clients were excited about the interviews and some were even happy to be visited. The result of the data gathered was analyzed in the end, by using the descriptive method. Results were displayed through frequencies, averages and percentages. One aim of this thesis was to also collect and present this information to the home care unit, in order for them to do some proper actions through the nursing care plan. There were 20 interviewees who participated in the research. Only few among the elderly interviewed had visible alcohol problem. As outcome it was pleasing to find out that the alcohol problem among elderly is not that common than what I had expected. Based on this research there are clear conclusion to be made. The alcohol problem among elderlies in the home care is not a common problem, but the healthcare workers should still consider these clients more so that they could get necessary help and information regarding the dangers of alcohol.
Clinical learning environment and supervision : development and validation of the CLES evaluation scale
A method for evaluating the load of patient transfers
Lean hospitals : improving quality, patient safety, and employee engagement
A management model for physical risks in the care work
Ethnically diverse patients’ perceptions and expectations on the importance of culturally competent care in primary health care settings : A Literature Review
Providing a good death : the importance of culturally sensitive end of life care in the acute ward setting
Nursing diagnosis handbook : a guide to planning care
Nurses' perceptions and support of elderly loneliness in nursing homes
The nursing process : assessing, planning, implementing, evaluating
Evidence-based practice
Therapeutic nursing : improving patient care through self-awareness and reflection
Promoting child development and mental health in adult psychiatric care : a nurses' perspective
A beginner's guide to evidence based practice in health and social care professions
Migrant friendly hospital : a literature review
Critical thinking in nursing : an interactive approach
The discipline and teaching of nursing process : (an evaluative study)
Ethical decision-making and moral distress in nursing practice : a literature review
Being a brain tumor patient : a descriptive study of patients' experience
Psychology in nursing practice
Fundamental nursing procedures
Protocol based care
Sociology, nursing and health
Cultural competence in nursing : nurses' perceptions : a literature review
How ethnic minority nursing students experience healthcare services in Finland : a qualitative descriptive study
Postoperative pain management in hospitalized children : focus on non-pharmacological pain relieving methods from the viewpoints of nurses, parents and children
Supporting Family Coping in Paediatric Intensive Care
Creative teaching in clinical nursing
This is the first undergraduate textbook to provide a comprehensive overview of essential knowledge, skill, and attitudes about safety in nursing practice. It reflects the six areas of nursing competencies as developed by the Quality and Safety Education Program for Nurses (QSEN) initiative, which are currently required content in undergraduate nursing programs. Using an inter-professional focus, the book addresses the fundamental knowledge required of entry-level nurses in each of the six QSEN areas: quality improvement, patient safety, teamwork and collaboration, evidence-based practice, inf
Medical nursing
Nursing law and ethics
Promoting healthy behaviour : practical guide for nursing and healthcare
Case conseptualization and tretment planning : Exercises for integrating theory with clinical practice
SBAR : Tool for Quality Reporting for Nursing Students
Interventions for occupational stress management among nurses : A systematic literature review
Integrated care pathways : a practical approach to implementation
Health & social care in the community
Total knee replacement : a protocol review regarding physiotherapy
Techniques in Clinical Nursing
Oxford handbook of primary care and community nursing
Care of infants & children
Towards culturally sensitive care : a module on nursing in a multicultural society
The care of the sick : the emergence of modern nursing
Journal Club, a Method to Implement Evidence-based Practice at  Nursing Work
Outcome assessment in advanced practice nursing
Promoting Hope in Visually Impaired Patients in Finland
Nursing leadership, management and professional practice for the LPN/LVN
Textbook of the principles and practice of nursing
Foot health in older people : development of a preventive, evaluative instrument for nurses
Principles and practice of nursing
Journal of psychiatric and mental health nursing
Fundamentals of nursing : the humanities and the sciences in nursing
Kozier & Erb's fundamentals of nursing : concepts, process, and practice
Alexander's nursing practice
Decision making in perioperative nursing
The illustrated guide to safe patient handling and movement
Implementing change in hand hygiene and asepsis in haemodialysis nursing care : a literature review
Mentoring in nursing and healthcare : a practical approach
Accessing health care : a look into the culture of foreigners living in Salo, Finland for better service provision
The dynamic nurse-patient relationship : function, process and principles
The nursing process : a scientific approach to nursing care
Nursing : A Creative Approach
Nursing diagnoses : definitions & classification 2012-2014
Common foundation studies in nursing
Promoting Aphasia Patients' Communication in Nursing Care
How to Combine Shift Work, Sleep and Physical Activity?  : a handbook for nursing staff
Handbook of mental health nursing
Basic nursing techniques : a programed introduction to nursing fundamentals
Clinical effectiveness in practice
Cancer pain relief and palliative care in children
Essentials of Nursing Leadership and Management
Paediatric nursing practice and techniques
Preceptors' experience in preceptoring ELTDP international nursing students in medical setting
An introduction to the principles of nursing care
Law and ethics in children's nursing
Disaster nursing and emergency preparedness for chemical, biological, and radiological terrorism and other hazards
Health promotion for nurses : theory and practice
Promotion of holistic care among Tartu nursing students
Wound care documentation model : an innovation for clinical nursing.
Cultural beliefs and health behaviours of Roma patient in Finland
Basic nursing : theory and practice
Patient simulation on first year nursing degree students
The Longitudinal Study of Medical and Health Care  Students' Experiences and Attitudes Towards  Interprofessional Learning in First Semester Course
Basic nursing : a critical thinking approach
Associate degree nursing : a guide to program and curriculum development
Evidence-based healthcare & public health : a journal for health policy & management
Professional problems : a textbook for nurses
European diabetes nursing
Nursing : an art and science
NANDA nursing diagnoses : definitions and classification, 1999-2000
Professional and ethical issues in nursing : the code of professional conduct
Perioperative nursing
Autonomy in nursing home settings
Illustrated textbook of paediatrics
The Practice Nurse : theory and practice
Graig's care of the newly born infant
Foundations of nursing practice : a nursing process approach
Information management for tactical decision-making in the cardiac care process
Worldviews on evidence-based nursing
Learning about patient safety in pre-registration nursing education : comparing Finnish and British nursing students' evaluations
Abstract: This final project is part of Improving the Quality of Hand Hygiene and Asepsis in the Care of Nephrological Patients, a project conducted by Metropolia University of Applied Sciences, in collaboration with the Clinics of Nephrology and Infection Diseases of HUCH, the Department of Nursing Science of Turku University Faculty of Medicine, and the Finnish Kidney and Liver  Association.    The purpose of this final project is to identify interventions that can improve hand hygiene adherence in  haemodialysis patient care and, in addition, influence the implementation of change in clinical practice.    There were 15 research articles for this literature review, collected systematically from OVID, CINAHL and PUBMEB. In addition, manual search was conducted in order to find literature supporting the concepts of hand hygiene and asepsis.    The findings showed that single interventions improved hand hygiene adherence but, in order to reach a sustained high level of adherence, multifaceted interventional programmes focusing on education and behavioural change were preferred. They should include educational courses, trainings, poster campaigns, performance feedbacks, use of technology, accessibility to hand rub, and role modelling.    The implementation of change is a long process that depends on the quality and content of the interventions, the nurses' active participation and the support institutions can provide. Further development of multifaceted interventional programmes is needed to ensure that nurses have sufficient knowledge and awareness on hand hygiene and asepsis in the care of nephrological patients.
Clinical Practice At Ward A3, Hatanpää : An Orientation Guide for Nursing Exchange Students
Research for evidence-based practice in healthcare
Loneliness among elderly women: A literature review
Special features of health services and register based trials : experiences from a randomized trial of childbirth classes
Nurses with cultural competence and coping with working life: a qualitative study among foreign born Finnish educated registered nurses
Qualitative research in nursing and healthcare
Clinical nurse specialist role in Finnish health care
Clinical nursing skills : basic to advanced skills
The nature of nursing : a definition and its implications for practice, research, and education
Occupational stress and effective coping strategies in nursing
Illustrated handbook of simple nursing
To survive, you have to adjust : study abroad as a process of learning intercultural competence in nursing
Childrenś nursing in practice : The Nottingham model
Guide for the beginning researcher
Journal of nursing management
A guide for caring Muslim patient
Evidence-based child health care
The Lippincott manual of nursing practice
Problem-based learning experiences and research in nursing education
Nursing concept analysis : applications to research and practice
Applying ethical guidelines in nursing research on people with mental illness
Theoretical issues in professional nursing
Current issues in nursing
Pediatric nursing
Online journal of issues in nursing (OJIN)
Pain management for postoperative nephrectomy in elderly patients: a literature review
Abstract: In Finland, statistics show that the number of students from diverse cultures is increasing every year. Nursing students who study under the English Language Degree Taught Program (ELTDP) spend nearly half of their study program in clinical placements for their internship according to the European Union and nursing schools' directives. These  students need guidance and support from preceptors throughout their clinical placements. Our descriptive qualitative study was designed to explore the preceptors' experiences in precepting ELTDP nursing students in surgical clinical placements. We conducted semi-structured interviews with open-ended questions with four registered nurses from surgical wards within the Metropolitan region. Inductive content analysis was adapted in data analysis. Preceptors were aware of their role of precepting; teaching, motivating and supporting. Integrating ELTDP nursing students to the Finnish working culture and translation emerged as new roles for the preceptors. These were perceived to be confusing and time consuming due to the use of two languages simultaneously. In spite of that, preceptors were happy about meeting new people and the cultural enrichment that ELTDP nursing students brought with them. In addition, preceptors appreciated more support from nursing school teachers through consistent communication. They were of the opinion that they could get financial rewards for precepting and healthcare organizations (employers) could encourage all nurses to precept and allocate them time to attend the organized education sessions during their normal working time. In the future, the experiences of ELTDP nursing students' preceptors in Finnish healthcare organizations could be researched further.
Clinical nursing practices
Teamwork in operating room nursing : conceptual perspective and Finnish, British and American nurses' and nursing students' experiences
Research and development in clinical nursing practice
Virtual patient encounters : for Henry Stapleton: EMT prehospital care
Interprofessional course "Public health and interprofessional collaboration" was planned for the first semester medical and health care students by two universities of Oulu, Finland. The course architecture was built on blended methods including lectures, video based workshops, interactive e-learning phase based on family cases with everyday health and wellbeing problems of the family members. The course ended with student conference. All together 1681 students from ten different degree programs participated in the course during the years 2007-2013. In this paper we describe the students' readiness and attitudes towards interprofessional learning (IPL) with RIPLS (Readiness towards interprofessional learning scale) in the beginning of the course and students' feedback and learning experiences at the end of the course using the web based inquiry. The attitudes and readiness towards IPL were evaluated quite positive. The highest RIPLS scores were evaluated in Teamwork and collaboration. The different development of the attitudes between the groups was seen in Roles and responsibilities. In the longitudinal perspective the medical students evaluated all of the subscales lower than the health care students. The scoring stayed in the same level during the years. The difference between the groups was significant. The learning outcomes correlated linearly with students' own activity. Those students, who took actively part in web and group discussions learned most. Family cases helped them to get the big picture of the service system. Based on students feedback participative methods gradually replaced the traditionally methods like lectures during the years. The learning outcomes were evaluated relatively good.
How to Treat a Paediatric Patient with Burns
Staff nurse survival guide
Leadership for nursing and allied health care professions
SUICIDAL TENDENCY AND SELF-HARM AMONG TEENAGERS IN THE HELSINKI METROPOLITAN AREA :A LITERATURE REVIEW
Basic medical-surgical nursing
Key concepts in nursing
Professional development, reflection and decision-making in nursing and health care
Pain expression in different cultures : a qualitative study of the analysis for the cues of pain in different cultures
Mosby's review of practical nursing
International journal of integrated care
How to Combine Shift Work, Sleep and Physical Activity? : a Handbook for Nursing Staff
Chinese and Kenyan food culture -information for health care personnel in Finland
Clinical nursing skills & techniques
A general textbook of nursing : a compendium of nursing knowledge
Philosophical and theoretical perspectives for advanced nursing practice
Nursing leadership : theory and process
Abstract: The purpose of this final project was to explore the nurses' perceptions of cultural competence in nursing.  This final project is based on 15 scientific research articles. The data was collected using Cinahl, Sage Journals, Pubmed, Wiley Interscience and manual search through the library journal collections. Literature review was used as a methodology. A critical appraisal was conducted to ensure the literature suitability to this final project. Deductive content analysis approach was adopted to analyze the data. The Papadopoulos Tilki and Taylor model for developing cultural competence was used as the conceptual framework. This model entails "Cultural Awareness, Cultural Knowledge, Cultural Sensitivity and Cultural Competence".  The findings of this literature review showed that cultural competence encompasses:  (a) Nurses abilities to do self-cultural assessment and point out those aspects of it that are at variance with the patient's values, beliefs and practices. (b) Having an ability and interest in understanding other cultures and the application of cultural knowledge when encountering people from other cultures at their best interests. (c) The ability to use a holistic approach when caring for culturally different patients. And the willingness to provide care that is based on respect, empathy, understanding and that takes into consideration the patients' cultural and religious needs. (d) And having the willingness and the ability to put into use the previously gained cultural awareness, cultural knowledge, cultural sensitivity and nursing skills.  Despite the fact that some nurses did not know and/or have never heard of the term cultural competence, in all reviewed research articles nurses were able to identify different components that make up a culturally competent care. Further research is needed on how nurses address and challenge discriminatory practices and racism as this was given less or non-importance by the nurses, and considering the fact that it was important in the framework of this final project.
Heart Failure: Causes and Nursing Management
'Finnishing' school
Patient outcomes in medical-surgical nursing
An Ideal Educational Model for Nurse Education
A textbook of children's and young people's nursing
The Canadian nurse
Patient advocacy in nursing practice : a systematic literature review
Professional nurse
The change to primary nursing : a cross-cultural view of professional nursing practice
Spirituality in Nursing : from traditional to new age
Analysis and evaluation of nursing theories
Purnell's model for cultural competence in transcultural research : a literature review
NURSES` PERCEPTION OF THEIR KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERTISE IN BREAST CANCER CARE
Abstract: Nursing staff's experiences for implementations of primary nursing in the operative units of the Central Finland central hospital.
Foreigners studying nursing in Finland : a study about experiences from practical placements
Cultural competence in health education and health promotion
Welcome to practise in gastroenterogical wards : An Orientation Guide for Exchange Nursing Students
Preoperative assessment and patient teaching : preoperative forms and guidelines for a LEIKO unit
The core of nursing as seen by the nurse teachers in Finland, Norway and Sweden
