http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10625 Mormons
Mormons
The Mormon culture of salvation : force, grace, and glory
Mormon enigma: Emma Hale Smith
Leadership of Mormon missionary efforts in Finland and its influence on conversion rates in the Finnish mission, 1947-1969
Hallelujah! : great choral classics
Brigham Young, pioneer prophet
New mormon studies CD-ROM : a comprehensive resource library : over 960 works
Encyclopedia of Mormonism : the history, scripture, doctrine, and procedure of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Volume 3
Love times three : our true story of a polygamous marriage
Journals series
Polygamous families in contemporary society
A collection of sacred hymns, for the church of the latter day saints
Take up your mission : Mormon colonizing along the Little Colorado River 1870-1900
History of Joseph Smith : by his mother
Encyclopedia of Mormonism : the history, scripture, doctrine, and procedure of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Volume 1
Mormons and the Bible : the place of the Latter-day Saints in American religion
The doctrine and covenants, of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints : containing the revelations given to Joseph Smith, Jun., the Prophet, for the building up the kingdom of God in the last days
Mormon Christianity : what other Christians can learn from the Latter-day Saints
The book of Mormon : another testament of Jesus Christ
Mormon missionaries enter Eastern Europe
Revelations and translations. Vol. 3, Printer's manuscript of the Book of Mormon
The Book of Mormon : a biography
The marrow of human experience : essays on folklore
Studies in modern religions, religious movements and the Bābī-Bahā'ī faiths
This is the place : monument and mural, Pioneer Monument State Park, Salt Lake City, Utah
Late one night in 1823 Joseph Smith, Jr was reportedly visited in his family's farmhouse in upstate New York by an angel named Moroni. Thus began the unlikely career of the "Book of Mormon". This book traces the life of this book as it has formed and fractured different strains of Mormonism and transformed religious expression around the world.
The refiner's fire : the making of Mormon cosmology, 1644-1844
Mormonism : the story of a new religious tradition
"Religion and popular culture is a fast-growing field that spans a variety of disciplines. This volume offers the first real survey of the field to date and provides a guide for the work of future scholars. It explores: key issues of definition and of methodology religious encounters with popular culture across media, material culture and space, ranging from videogames and social networks to cooking and kitsch, architecture and national monuments the representation of different religious traditions within the media and popular culture, mainly in the West but also including important non-western spheres such as Bollywood. Students will find the Companion an enjoyable and informative resource, whilst scholars will find it a stimulus to future work in the field"--
Encyclopedia of Mormonism : the history, scripture, doctrine, and procedure of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Volume 2
The Oxford handbook of religious conversion
Still, the small voice : narrative, personal revelation, and the Mormon folk tradition
Contemporary Mormonism : Latter-day Saints in modern America
Variations in value orientations
Massacre at Mountain Meadows
Reframing pilgrimage : cultures in motion
A book of commandments, for the government of the Church of Christ, organized according to law, on the 6th of April, 1830.
That vast empire of Russia : / Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints views on Russia in the 1990's
Mormon wards as community
The Mormon story : a pictorial account of mormonism
The cultural products of new religions and spiritualities are frequently ignored or dismissed within academia, often stemming from a hesitation to acknowledge these movements as genuine. This volume explores the impact of new religions upon cultural production, exemplifying the theological and spiritual principles of particular movements and demonstrating their substantial impact on wider society. Contributions explore the realms of music, architecture, food, art, books, films, video games, and more. This scholarship will be of interest to those who wish to explore the gamut of modern religious expression, and those who wish to broaden their knowledge of the spiritual origins of human culture.
The four major cults : Christian Science, Jehovah's Witnesses, Mormonism, Seventh-day Adventism
Revelations and translations. Vol. 2, Published revelations
The rise of Mormonism
Revelations and translations. Vol. 1, Manuscript revelation books
Mormon identities in transition
A song for Issy Bradley
The book of Mormon : an account written by hand of Mormon upon plates, taken from the plates of Nephi
The Book of Mormon : another testament of Jesus Christ ; The Doctrine and covenants of the Church of Jesus of Latter-Day Saints ; The Pearl of great price
Swords at sunset : last stand of North America's grail knights
Explores "the Mormon question," the division between public/private spheres, and the ways that plural marriage was received by the American public. The author argues that the conflict over plural marriage was as much about conceptions of "Americanness" as it was about the practice of plural marriage itself.
Perspectives in U.S. Marxist anthropology
Conversion in the Pacific : eastern Polynesian Latter-day Saints' conversion accounts and their development of a LDS identity
Our search for happiness : an invitation to understand the Church of Jesus Christ of the Latter-Day Saints
Religion and the challenge of modernity : the Recognized Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints in the United States today
A different Jesus? : the Christ of the Latter-day Saints
An introduction to Mormonism
Joseph Smith : a biography
The Mormon quest for glory : the religious world of the Latter-day Saints
The vision of Mormonism : pressing the boudaries of Christianity
Interlacing identities, agencies and resources
Assigned histories, 1831-1847
Esotericism made exoteric? : insider and outsider perspectives on the 2006 Mormon temple public house in Espoo, Finland
Divergent paths of the restoration : a history of the Latter Day Saint movement
Sojourner in the promised land : forty years among the Mormons
The Book of Mormon : an account written by the hand of Mormon upon plates taken from the plates of Nephi
Performing American identity in anti-Mormon melodrama
The book of Mormon : an account written by the hand of Mormon upon plates taken from the plates of Nephi
Joseph Smith and the beginnings of Mormonism
The book of Mormon
The book of Mormon : a very short introduction
Latter-day lore : Mormon folklore studies
Joseph Smith begins his work. 1, Book of Mormon 1830 first edition reproduced from uncut sheets
Cults : From bacchus to heaven's gate
The Friday gospels
Contributors include: Joseph Azize, Chiara Baldini, Lauren Bernauer, Anthony Blake, Liselotte Frisk, Kennet Granholm, Christopher Hartney, Graham Harvey, Graham Hassall, Jay Johnston, Jenny McFarlane, Elisha McIntyre, Milad Milani, Nathaniel Samuel Murrell, Rod Pattenden, David Pecotic, Johanna Petsche, Adam Possamai, Alphia Possamai-Inesedy, Jason Prior, Eric Repphun, Stephen D. Ricks, David G. Robertson, Bettina E. Schmidt, Justin Snider, Graham St John, Michael F. Strmiska, Mona Suhrbier, Jaap Timmer, Garry W. Trompf, and Benjamin E. Zeller.
The book of Mormon : another testament of Jesus Christ ; The doctrine and covenants of the Church of Jesus of Latter-day Saints ; The pearl of great price
Same-sex dynamics among nineteenth-century Americans : a Mormon example
Joseph Smith histories, 1832-1844
The book of Mormon : an account written by the hand of Mormon, upon plates taken from the Plates of Nephi
The mormon village : a pattern and technique of land settlement
Joseph Smith, Jr. : reappraisals after two centuries
Mormonism and music : a history
Handbook of new religions and cultural production
People of paradox : a history of Mormon culture
Joseph Smith : rough stone rolling
Western esotericism : based on papers read at the Symposium on Western Esotericism held at Åbo, Finland on 15-17 August 2007
The J. Golden Kimball stories
Articles of faith : being a consideration of the principal doctrines of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
Desert saints : the Mormon frontier in Utah
Civil Society : Challenging Western Models ; Chris Hann, Elizabeth Dunn (ed.)
More wives than one : transformation of the Mormon marriage system, 1840-1910
All Abraham's children : changing Mormon conceptions of race and lineage
Understanding the Book of Mormon : a reader's guide
Hymns of faith
Hymns of Faith
The 19th wife
Encyclopedia of Mormonism : the history, scripture, doctrine, and procedure of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Volume 4
The Mormon establishment
What is it like to be a Mormon in America today? Melvyn Hammarberg attempts to answer this question in The Mormon Quest for Glory by offering an ethnography of contemporary Mormons.
Faith : the essence of true religion
This book offers an in-depth study of the female experience in one Mormon polygynous community, the Apostolic United Brethren. Women in such rigid, patriarchal religious groups are commonly portrayed as the oppressed, powerless victims of male domination. Janet Bennion shows, however, that the reality is far more complex. Many women converts are attracted to this group, and they are much more likely than male converts to remain there. Often these women are seeking improved socio-economic status for themselves and their children, as well as an escape from their marginalized status in the mainstream Mormon church. In the polygynous group women experience rapid assimilation, autonomy, and upward mobility. Bennion supports her study with narratives from the lives of women now living in the group--narratives that clearly reveal why many mainstream Mormon women are viewing polygyny as a viable alternative to the difficulties to single-motherhood, "spinsterhood," poverty, and emotional deprivation.
Joseph Smith begins his work. 2, The Book of Commandments, The Doctrine and Covenants, The Lectures on Faith, Fourteen Articles of Faith
Joseph Smith, Jesus, and Satanic opposition : atonement, evil and the Mormon vision
Truth restored : a short history of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
Revelations and translations. Manuscript revelation books, Facsimile edition
The Routledge companion to religion and popular culture
The introduction of Mormonism to Finnish society, 1840-1900
Standing for something : ten neglected virtues that will heal our hearts and homes
Women of principle : female networking in contemporary mormon polygyny
Jesus Christ message to all nations
The book of Mormon : sheet music from the hit Broadway show
The mission of Mormonism in Norway 1851-1920 : a study and analysis of the reception process
A foreign kingdom : Mormons and polygamy in American political culture, 1852-1890
The chosen one
Under the banner of heaven : a story of violent faith
The introduction of Mormonism to Finnish Society, 1840-1900
Avenues toward Christianity : Mormonism in comparative church history
Secret ceremonies : a Mormon woman's intimate diary of marriage and beyond
