http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1066 literary research
literary research
A history of the American drama. 1, From the beginning to the civil war
Literary theory : a very short introduction
New England : Indian summer
Shakespeare in performance
A history of late eighteenth century drama 1750-1800
Jacobean tragedy : the quest for moral order
The Chicago renaissance in American letters : a critical history
The story of Kullervo
China and beyond : a collection of essays
The Song of Middle-earth takes a look at The Lord of the Rings, digging deep into the foundations of Tolkien's world to reveal the complex tapestry of history and mythology that lies behind his stories. The charge that Tolkien's work was merely derivative - that he extracted elements from other mythologies and incorporated them into his own fiction - is dismissed in favour of a fascinating examination of the rich historical background to Middle-earth. From the mythic tradition of the Tales told in The Book of Lost Tales: I to the significance of oral storytelling throughout the history of Middle-earth, this book examines the common themes of mythology found within Tolkien's work. In doing so, The Song of Middle-earth demonstrates how Tolkien's desire to create a new mythology for England is not only apparent in his writing, but also realised.
The woman within
The portrayal of deafness in Elizabeth George's For the sake of Elena
Florida and miscellaneous prose
The play of the self
Shakspere and his forerunners
The literature track
Abstract.
Rhetoric and representation : exploring the cultural meaning of the natural sciences in contemporary popular science writing and literature
Sophocles : Antigone
The Vonnegut statement
Revaluation : tradition & development in English poetry
John Clare and other studies
From Persephone to Pan : D. H. Lawrence's mythopoeic vision of the integrated personality with special emphasis on the short fiction and other writings in the early nineteen twenties
Tales from the perilous realm
Introduction to Elizabethan literature
Science and literature
E.M. Forster and English place : a literary topography
De sublimitate libellus in patrium sermonen conversus adnotationibusque instructus. 1
Excavating London's St Giles as imaginative place: Towards a dialogic relationship between literary studies and the urban humanities
Nodes of Contemporary Finnish Literature
The hyacinth room : an investigation into the nature of comedy, tragedy, and tragicomedy
Interfaces of the word : studies in the evolution of consciousness and culture
How authors' minds make stories
Negotiating home and hybridity : survival and unhomeliness in Eden Robinson's Monkey Beach and Miriam Toews's A Complicated Kindness
Beyond the wall : exploring George R. R. Martin's A song of ice and fire, from A game of thrones to A dance with dragons
Fiction through metaphor : a case study of The God of small things
Literary Manuscripts: Berg
The poetics of Norman Mailer's nonfiction : self-reflexivity, literary form, and the rhetoric of narrative
Crime fiction
Reflecting the continuing change and development in modern literacy theory, the key features of this book includes its clarity, brevity, equal coverage of the main literary theories and useful bibliographies of further reading. Literature students will find its clearly defined sections easy to navigate and whilst avoiding over-simplification, it makes a complex subject accessible.
The stature of Theodore Dreiser : a critical survey of the man and his work
The hunger games and philosophy : a critique of pure treason
"Creating the senses" : sensation in the work of Shelley Jackson
Edith Södergran's Modern Virgin : Overcoming Nietzsche and the Gendered Narrator
Translation and literature
'I won't have time to be lonely,' Lisa snapped. 'I have a career to think of.' : empowerment and agency in Sushi for Beginners and The Other Side of the Story by Marian Keyes
Comparing texts
The metamorphoses of the circle
Fiction and the reading public
Estonian poetry and language : studies in honor of Ants Oras
Womanly wiles : an analysis of women's power in four novels by Jane Austen
A history of American poetry 1900-1940
The Oxford companion to American literature
About the self and the time : on the autobiographical texts by É. Gerštejn, T. Petkevič, E. Bonnèr, M. Pliseckaja and M. Arbatova
Virgin and veteran readings of Ulysses
Displaced Desires: The Dislocated Self and Melancholic Desire in Chuang Hua's Crossings and Fae Myenne Ng's Steer Toward Rock
Jane Austen, the secret radical
The scarlet letter : text, sources, criticism
Modern drama and the rhetoric of theater
The spirit of romance
Part I The Still Waters of Narrative: The Boring and the PlotlessConversational and Authorial Disclosure in the Dialogue Novel: The Case of The Friends of Eddie Coyle. Resistance to Plot and Uneven Narrativity: A Journey from “A Boring Story” to The Rings of Saturn. What Happens When Nothing Happens: Interpreting Narrative Technique in the Plotless Novels of Nicholson Baker. Events Can Be Quoted (and Words Need Not Be). Pynchon's Poetics of Boredom: Cognitive and Textual Aspects of Novelistic Dreariness. Part II A Web of Sense: Interpreting the Disturbing and the Difficult Toward a Zoonarratology: Storytelling and Species Difference in Animal Comics. Watching a Tree Grow: Terrence Malick's The New World and the Nature of Cinema. Navigating—Making Sense—Interpreting (The Reader behind La Jalousie). History Impossible: Narrating and Motivating the Past. Unnatural Temporalities: Interfaces between Postmodernism, Science Fiction, and the Fantastic. The Imperfect Is Our Paradise: Intertextuality and Fragmentary Narration in Margaret Atwood's Alias Grace. Fragile Narrative Situations: Conrad Compared to Sebald. Part III Shadow of a Tail: Problems of AuthorshipName Change and Author Avatars in Varlam Shalamov and Primo Levi. Stranger than Fiction, or, Jerome David Salinger, Author of Lolita: Real, Implied and Fictive Authorship. Translators, Scoundrels and Gentlemen of Honor: Problems of Nabokov's Loyalty. Affordances of Form in Stanzaic Narrative Poetry. A Shadow on the Marble.
NORLIT 2009 : codex and code. Aestethcis, language and politics in a age of digital media. Stockholm, august 6-9, 2009
Poetic diction in the English renaissance from Skelton through Spenser
Essays in Canadian literature : proceedings from the second International Conference of the Nordic Association for Canadian Studies, University of Lund 1987
Lives of eminent novelists and dramatists
The South in Northern eyes 1831 to 1861
Dialogue with death
Linguistic survival strategies in Geoffrey Chaucer's Clerk's tale, William Shakespeare's Othello and Elizabeth Cary's The tragedy of Mariam
The Elizabethan world picture
Dynamite voices. 1, Black poets of the 1960's
A dictionary of medieval romance and romance writers
Narration in Jeanette Winterson's Gut Symmetries
The English novel and essays on literature
Stubborn and silent Finns with 'sisu' in Finnish-American literature : an imagological study of Finnishness in the literary production of Finnish-American authors
Body, epistemology, interpretation : Friedrich Nietzsche and Karl Kerényi
On writers and writing : the uncollected critical writings of John Greenleaf Whittier
Collected essays in literary criticism
The Routledge companion to Asian American and Pacific Islander literature
The Routledge Companion to Asian American and Pacific Islander Literature offers a general introduction as well as a range of critical approaches to this important and expanding field. Divided into three sections, the volume iIntroduces "keywords" connecting the theories, themes and methodologies distinctive to Asian American Literature; addresses historical periods, geographies and literary identities; looks at different genre, form and interdisciplinarity. With 41 essays from scholars in the field this collection is a comprehensive guide to a significant area of literary study for students and teachers of Ethnic American, Asian diasporic and Pacific Islander Literature.
The decline and fall of the romantic ideal
Sidney's Apologie for poetrie ; edited with an introduction and notes by J. Churton Collins
"If God hadn't invented woman men would have had to do so" : construction of female identities in Parade's End by Ford Madox Ford
Modernist futures : innovation and inheritance in the contemporary novel
Humorous texts : a semantic and pragmatic analysis
Transforming trauma into fiction : Marguerite Duras's India cycle
Words of power : studies in Rabbinic authority and literature
The girl with the dragon tattoo and philosophy : everything is fire
Southern renascence : the literature of the modern South
Death in The Saga of Darren Shan
South African literature beyond the cold war
The letters of Herman Melville
American drama : contemporary allegory from Eugene O'Neill to Tennessee Williams
Start with the sun : studies in cosmic poetry
Sucking salt : Caribbean women writers, migration, and survival
Oxford handbooks online. Literature
Rewriting literary history : Peter Ackroyd and intertextuality
The Critical Eye : Appreciating Prose and Poetry
Caribbean journeys : intersections of female identity in the novels of Michelle Cliff
Backgrounds of American literary thought
Reading and writing from below : exploring the margins of modernity
The making of a poem
The Indian in American literature
New studies in modern Russian literature and culture : essays in honor of Stanley J. Rabinowitz
Freudianism and the literary mind
Twilight and philosophy : vampires, vegetarians, and the pursuit of immortality
Challenging the orientalist reading of Mary Wortley Montagu's Turkish letters with feminist approaches
New messengers : short narratives in plays by Michael Frayn, Tom Stoppard and August Wilson
Romanticism : Life, Literature and Landscape
Reciprocal haunting : Pat Barker's Regeneration trilogy
Cultural politics - queer reading
Texts and contexts : an introduction to literature and language study
Selected literary essays
Tibetan written images : a study of imagery in the writings of Dhondup Gyal
H. P. Lovecraft and the creation of horror
Rewriting loss : melancholia, ethics, and aesthetics in selected works by Chuang Hua, Maxine Hong Kingston, and Fae Myenne Ng
Literature of the early republic ; edited with introductions by Edwin H. Cady
Representations of changing masculinities in two novels by Tony Parsons
A companion to rhetoric and rhetorical criticism
Literary Manuscripts : Leeds
The letters
The hobbit and philosophy : for when you've lost your dwarves, your wizard and your way
Criticism and ideology : a study in Marxist literary theory
Friendship between Sherlock Holmes and John Watson
Reflections at fifty and other essays
The heel of Elohim : science and values in modern American poetry
Three sides of a wall : obstacles and border states in Paul Auster's novels
The novel of violence in America
Twilight and history
Feminist stylistics
As undergraduate and graduate courses in children's literature become more established and numerous, there is an intense need for a textbook that offers aesthetic rather than educational approaches to children's literature. This work fills that void by providing students of children's literature with a comprehensible and easy-to-use analytical tool kit, showing through concrete demonstration how each tool might best be used. The chapters are organized around familiar and easily recognized features of literary texts (e.g. author, genre, character). Theoretical issues are illustrated by specific texts from the North American children's literature canon. The book explores the particular aesthetics of children's fiction and the ways critical theory may be applied to children's texts, while remaining accessible to a college readership without prior specialized knowledge of literary theory. Each chapter includes a short introduction to a specific theoretical approach (e.g. semiotics, feminist, psychoanalytic), an example of its application to a literary text, a number of activities (study questions, reading exercises), and suggestions for further explorations.
The rape of the lock : a casebook
The Ultimate Harry Potter and philosophy : Hogwarts for Muggles
The mothers of Harry Potter
Shakespeare's problem comedies
White Field, black seeds : Nordic literacy practices in the long nineteenth century
The friar as critic : literary attitudes in the later Middle Ages
Tove Jansson : life, art, words : the authorised biography / Boel Westin ; translated by Silvester Mazzarella
Summary.
The liberal imagination : essays on literature and society
The ethics of representation in fiction of Amitav Ghosh
Stockholm Slavic studies. 5, The Russian imaginists
The autobiography
"More hard-to-remember names than a Russian novel" : special names, their significance, types, and relative hierarchy in J. R. R. Tolkien's Quenta Silmarillion
The Routledge dictionary of literary terms
"A girl doesn't get a man by being brainy" : aspects of gender in Roald Dahl's Matilda and its Finnish and Swedish translations
The alienated narrator in Chuck Palahniuk's Fight Club
Internal evidence and Elizabethan dramatic authorship : an essay in literary history and method
Summary: On the boundaries of autobiography, death and writing.
Waiting for the end : the American literary scene from Hemingway to Baldwin
Écrire sa vie, vivre son écriture : the autobiographical self-reflection of Annie Ernaux and Marguerite Duras
Alice in Wonderland and philosophy : curiouser and curiouser
Literary transcendences : 7-8 October 2010, University of Tampere, Finland : abstracts
Sinclair Lewis : a collection of critical essays
Mark Twain's notebook
This dissertation is an interdisciplinary study within a comparative Nordic-Germanic framework that proposes new approaches to reading representations of gender in European literary modernism and philosophy via the works of Finland-Swedish poet Edith Södergran and Friedrich Nietzsche. I posit that Södergran's avant-garde poetry presents feminine, masculine, and androgynous narrators that subvert the function of misogyny in Nietzsche's philosophy, which she had fervently read and incorporated into her writing. Surely, Södergran must have faced obstacles as she confronted Nietzsche's ostensible ad feminam; however, her progressive poetry, I contend, illustrates how Nietzsche's own discourse is constructed by androgynous rhetoric that exhibits paradoxically helpful appropriations of the female body. I therefore suggest that Södergran's reception of Nietzsche ushers in a transvaluation of the "modernist body" that overcomes the cultural body of Man and Woman as she opens up philosophical discourse with the feminine other in Nietzsche's otherwise phallocentric discourse. Using a shared framework of post-structural feminist theory, narratology, and poetry criticism, this dissertation attempts to overturn long-standing interpretations of Nietzsche's philosophy and to revise Södergran's mythologized biography and traditional analyses of her poetry. In chapter one, I attempt to separate Edith Södergran from her romanticized biography and refigure the female writing subject in history in a way that de-emphasizes her glorified, personal afflictions and instead elucidates Södergran's creative efforts to redefine gender. In chapter two, I posit that Södergran's lyrical narrator is not an exclusively female subject but a speaker that is multiple: Södergran's narrators are voiced by female, male, and androgynous bodies; which leads to a type of transgendered experience of narration. Chapter three focuses on Nietzsche's representations of women that I suggest influenced Södergran's writing. I attempt to show that Nietzsche's misogyny is actually a latent discussion of the cultural body that has been constructed and maintained by Western caricatures of femininity and masculinity. In chapter four, I examine the paradoxical representations of women in Also Sprach Zarathustra [Thus Spoke Zarathustra]. I look at what Zarathustra's hyper-masculine rhetoric can mean to a female reader who may be seeking ways to demystify essentialist constructions of sexual difference, and I explore the implications that Zarathustra's prophecy of the Übermensch--an advanced, idealistic human being--has for the human body. In the final chapter, I look at the narratological techniques that Södergran and Nietzsche employ in their poetry. Through a combined narratological and feminist approach, I suggest that Södergran and Nietzsche meticulously construct disruptive archetypes of the cultural body via multi-gendered narrative voices. I argue that Nietzsche and Södergran transcend normative narrative devices and introduce unprecedented post-gendered bodies and voices into the European modernist tradition. Their particular depictions of the post-gendered body thus resonate with contemporary theories and philosophical discussions of sex and gender.
Nets of awareness : Urdu poetry and its critics
In excited reverie : a centenary tribute to William Butler Yeats 1865-1939
A Devil's Labyrinth : a rereading of Hamlet
Natural magic : studies in the presentation of nature in English poetry from Spenser to Marvell
Francia et Germania : studies in Strengleikar and Þiðreks saga af Bern
Novel districts : critical readings of Monika Fagerholm
The rainbow and Women in love : a casebook
Possible subversions : the narrative construction of identity in Agnes Smedley's Daughter of Earth
Narrative, interrupted : the plotless, the disturbing and the trivial in literature
Down and out in Paris and London
The art of F. Scott Fitzgerald
Heritage, collective and individual memory in Kate Atkinson's Behind the scenes at the museum
Selected writings
Myth, symbol and meaning in Mary Poppins : the governess as provocateur
The confident years: 1885-1915
Counter-figures : an essay on antimetaphoric resistance : Paul Celan's poetry and poetics at the limits of figurality
Cultic revelations : studies in modern historical cult personalities and phenomena
The literary situation
Monks, clerks, and King Arthur: reading Geoffrey of Monmouth in the twelfth and thirteenth centuries
No voice is wholly lost : writers and thinkers in war and peace
Forms of modern fiction : essays collected in honor of Joseph Warren Beach
Tiger-lilies and southern prose
Attributes of Welshness in the short stories of Dylan Thomas
The local and the global in postcolonial Literature
Telling madness : narrative, diagnosis, power, and literary theory
Sensory and intellectual pleasure-seeking in H. D. Thoreau's Walden : a phylogenetic and ontogenetic developmental paradigm
A history of the American drama. 2, From the civil war to the present day
Critical approaches to comics : theories and methods
The flowering of New England
Metamorphoses of a text within the Stalinist context : Kornei Chukovskii's "A high art" in the 1930s
A reader's guide to contemporary literary theory
Literary essays of Ezra Pound
Letters 1878-1881 : appendices, calender, and index
American fiction : an historical and critical survey
Literary English since Shakespeare
The cat who walks through years : Chris Claremont's X-men as Kitty Pryde's bildungsroman
Autobiographical reading
Medieval English poetry : the non-Chaucerian tradition
Selected prose of T. S. Eliot
Rethinking national literatures and the literary canon in Scandinavia
In search of a postcategorical utopia : James Baldwin and the politics of 'race' and sexuality
Zombies : a cultural history
The urban mind : cultural and environmental dynamics
Poetry and poets : essays
Poetry and contemporary culture : the question of value ; edited by Andrew Michael Roberts and Jonathan Allison
Henry IV : parts I and II : a casebook
An introduction to research in English literary history
The song of Middle-earth : J. R. R. Tolkien's themes, symbols and myths
Literary encyclopedia : a user's manual
Aesthetic approaches to children's literature : an introduction
The 101 greatest plays : from antiquity to the present
Electronic poetry : understanding poetry in the digital environment
The notebooks of Henry James
Explication as criticism : selected papers from the English Institute 1941-1952
Literature as exploration
Philosophy in children's literature
Includes 39 handbooks and 1550 articles.
Dialogues on Bakhtin : interdisciplinary readings
Literature and the rise of capitalism : critical essays mainly on the sixteenth and seventeeth centuries
Negro slave songs in the United States
Freud on Broadway : a history of psychoanalysis and the American drama
The science of English verse and essays on music
New bearings in English poetry : a study of the contemporary situation
The cowboy politics of an enlightened future : history, expansionism, and guardianship in Isaac Asimov's science fiction
Stream of consciousness : a study in literary method
Women's writing online
