http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10618 drug use
drug use
Addiction - substance abuse and dependency
As the daughter of a drug dealer, Wavy knows not to trust people, not even her own parents. It's safer to keep her mouth shut and stay out of sight. Struggling to raise her little brother, Donal, eight-year-old Wavy is the only responsible adult around. Obsessed with the constellations, she finds peace in the starry night sky above the fields behind her house, until one night her star gazing causes an accident. After witnessing his motorcycle wreck, she forms an unusual friendship with one of her father's thugs, Kellen, a tattooed ex-con with a heart of gold. By the time Wavy is a teenager, her relationship with Kellen is the only tender thing in a brutal world of addicts and debauchery. When tragedy rips Wavy's family apart, a well-meaning aunt steps in, and what is beautiful to Wavy looks ugly under the scrutiny of the outside world. Kellen may not be innocent, but he is the fixed point in Wavy and Donal's chaotic universe. Instead of playing it safe, Wavy has to learn to fight for Kellen, for her brother, and for herself.
Kate Moss : the complete picture
Trainspotting
The corner : a year in the life of an inner-city neighbourhood
Facts on the crack and cocaine epidemic
Orlando ; Mrs Dalloway ; To the lighthouse
All the ugly and wonderful things : a novel
Widow Basquiat
Use of tobacco products, alcohol use and exposure to drugs in 1977-2005 : adolescent health and lifestyle survey 2005 in Finland
Abstract.
Vinyl. The complete first season
Island
"A revealing, courageous, fascinating, and funny account of the author's experiment with microdoses of LSD in an effort to treat a debilitating mood disorder, of her quest to understand a misunderstood drug, and of her search for a really good day.  When a small vial arrives in her mailbox from "Lewis Carroll," Ayelet Waldman is at a low point. Her mood storms have become intolerably severe; she has tried nearly every medication possible; her husband and children are suffering with her. So she opens the vial, places two drops on her tongue, and joins the ranks of an underground but increasingly vocal group of scientists and civilians successfully using therapeutic microdoses of LSD. As Waldman charts her experience over the course of a month--bursts of productivity, sleepless nights, a newfound sense of equanimity--she also explores the history and mythology of LSD,  the cutting-edge research into the drug, and the byzantine policies that control it. Drawing on her experience as a federal public defender, and as the mother of teenagers, and her research into the therapeutic value of psychedelics, Waldman has produced a book that is eye-opening, often hilarious, and utterly enthralling"--
Drugs, labor, and colonial expansion
Guilty of everything : the autobiography of Herbert Huncke
Sex work on the streets : prostitutes and their clients
Rich girl poor girl
Finland drug situation 2009 : new developments, trends and in-depth information on selected issues : 2009 national report to the EMCDDA
Writing on drugs
You will die : the burden of modern taboos
Eurodrugs : drug use, markets and trafficking in Europe
Afterparty
Nightmare in Berlin
Kids, drugs and crime
Enjoying the nightlife in Europe : the role of moderation
Provides current, factual information about many of the most commonly used and abused drugs, looking at how they affect the brain, their short and long term effects, the highs they produce, and the dangers associated with them.
The fourth victim
Psychedelia and other colours
Substance abuse interventions in general nursing practice ; Mental health nursing interventions for the generalist nurse
AIDS : activism and alliances
Finland drug situation 2010 : new developments, trends and in-depth information on selected issues : 2010 national report to the EMCDDA
Inventory of EC (legal) texts on drugs
Family in the recovery process of an addicted client : selected motivational starting point
Available for the first time in English, here is an unforgettable portrayal by a master novelist of the physical and psychological devastation wrought in the homeland by Hitler's war. Late April, 1945. The war is over, yet Dr Doll, a loner and 'moderate pessimist', lives in constant fear. By night, he is haunted by nightmarish images of the bombsite in which he is trapped - he, and the rest of Germany. More than anything, he wishes to vanquish the demon of collective guilt, but he is unable to right any wrongs, especially in his position as mayor of a small town in north-east Germany that has been occupied by the Red Army. Dr Doll flees for Berlin, where he finds escape in a morphine addiction: each dose is a 'small death'. He tries to make his way in the chaos of a city torn apart by war, accompanied by his young wife, who shares his addiction. Fighting to save two lives, he tentatively begins to believe in a better future. Written with Fallada's distinctive power and vividness, Nightmare in Berlin captures the demoralised and desperate atmosphere of post-war Germany in a way that has never been matched or surpassed.
The Dutch response to HIV pragmatism and consensus
Glenn Hughes : the autobiography : from Deep Purple to Black Country Communion
"From the antiquity of Homer to yesterday's Naked Lunch, writers have found inspiration, and readers have lost themselves, in a world of the imagination tinged and oftentimes transformed by drugs. The age-old association of literature and drugs receives its first comprehensive treatment in this far-reaching work. Drawing on history, science, biography, literary analysis, and ethnography, Marcus Boon shows that the concept of drugs is fundamentally interdisciplinary, and reveals how different sets of connections between disciplines configure each drug's unique history.".
Stages and pathways of drug involvement : examining the Gateway Hypothesis
Precarious pregnancies : alcohol, drugs and the regulation of risks
Finland drug situation 2013 : new developments, trends and in-depth information on selected issues : 2013 national report to the EMCDDA
Buzzed : the straight facts about the most used and abused drugs from alcohol to ecstasy
This book is the most detailed study ever provided on street prostitution. It is based on three years' research in which the authors interviewed prostitutes and their clients and spent many months working in a red light area. The book makes extensive use of direct quotes from the women and the men, as well as fieldnotes from the authors based upon their observations in the red light area. Topics covered in the book include the women's negotiations with clients, HIV, drug use and violence. The book also describes the impact of working as a prostitute on women's home life. No attempt is made to moralise about prostitution in the book, instead the authors concentrate on the experiences of the women and men involved in selling and buying sex, and describe prostitution from their standpoint. Sex Work on the Streets will be of interest to a wide range of students and researchers in sociology, social policy, criminology and women's studies.
Fear and loathing in Las Vegas
The thousandth floor
Inherent vice
Identity of peripheries : minorities, borderlands and outskirts
Waiting for the man : the story of drugs and popular music
Baltic Cities Expert Meeting on Drug Supply and Demand Reduction : Ala-Lemu, Finland, June 3-5, 1992.
John dies at the end
The substance of youth : the place of drugs in young people's lives today
The man who walks
Drugs, altered states, and musical consciousness : reframing time and space
Don't shoot : one man, a street fellowship, and the end of violence in inner-city America
A really good day : how microdosing made a mega difference in my mood, my marriage, and my life
Drinking, getting stoned or staying sober : a general population study of alcohol consumption, cannabis use, drinking-related problems and sobriety among young men and women
"In chapters on narcotics, anesthetics, cannabis, stimulants, and psychedelics, Boon traces the history of the relationship between writers and specific drugs, and between these drugs and literary and philosophical traditions. With reference to the usual suspects from De Quincey to Freud to Irvine Welsh and with revelations about others such as Milton, Voltaire, Thoreau, and Sartre, The Road of Excess provides a novel and persuasive characterization of the "effects" of each class of drug - linking narcotic addiction to Gnostic spirituality, stimulant use to writing machines, anesthesia to transcendental philosophy, and psychedelics to the problem of the imaginary itself. Creating a vast network of texts, personalities, and chemicals, the book reveals the ways in which minute shifts among these elements have resulted in "drugs" and "literature" as we conceive of them today."--BOOK JACKET.
The Nazis presented themselves as warriors against moral degeneracy. Yet, as Norman Ohler's reveals, the entire Third Reich was permeated with drugs: cocaine, heroin, morphine and, most of all, methamphetamines, or crystal meth, used by everyone from factory workers to housewives, and crucial to troops' resilience - even partly explaining German victory in 1940.
Beautiful boy : a father's journey through his son's meth addiction
Baltic Cities Expert Meeting on Drug Supply and Demand Reduction = Itämeren alueen kaupunkien huumekokous : Ala-Lemu, 3.-5.6.1992
Premature deaths among illicit drug users : a follow-up study on treatment seeking clients in Finland
Out of it : a history of intoxication
American meth : a history of the methamphetamine epidemic in America
"In an effort to treat a debilitating mood disorder, Ayelet Waldman undertook a very private experiment, ingesting 10 micrograms of LSD every three days for a month. This is the story--by turns revealing, courageous, fascinating and funny--of her quietly psychedelic spring, her quest to understand one of our most feared drugs, and her search for a really good day"--
Targeted drug prevention : how to reach young people in the community : conference Helsinki, 5-7 November 2002 : report
Waiting for the man : The story of drugs and popular music
Key concepts in substance misuse
Finland drug situation 2014
Drugs, intoxication and society
Sanctuary
Drug determination in therapeutic and forensic contexts
Everybody wants some!!
Delicious foods : a novel
Substance and shadow : women and addiction in the United States
Literature and intoxication : writing, politics and the experience of excess
Young men's sexual behaviour in Finland and Estonia : opportunities for prevention of sexually transmitted infections
"This book explores how Europeans introduced and used drugs in colonial contexts for the exploitation and placation of indigenous labor. Combining history and anthropology, it examines the role of drugs in trade and labor during the age of western colonial expansion. From considering the introduction of alcohol in the West African slave trade to the use of coca as a labor enhancer in the Andes, these original contributions examine both the encouragement of drug use by colonial powers and the extent to which local peoples' previous experience with psychoactive substances shaped their use of drugs introduced by Europeans." "The authors show that drugs possessed characteristics that made them a particularly effective means for propagating trade or increasing the extent and intensity of labor. In the early stages of European expansion, drugs were introduced to draw people, quite literally, into relations of dependency with European trade partners. Over time, the drugs used to intensify the amount and duration of labor shifted from alcohol, opium, and marijuana - which were used to overcome the drudgery and discomfort of physical labor - to caffeine-based stimulants, which provided a more alert workforce."
Substance abuse education in nursing : curriculum modules. Volume 2
Writers have often been drawn to intoxication, from the legal highs of cigarettes, coffee and alcohol to the illegal highs of heroin, cocaine and ecstasy. Intoxication has not only been a way to aid creativity - literary writers have also explored and shaped our experiences of intoxication. In trying to write these altered states, they have made radical experiments to create works that mimic, and even induce, states of intoxication. This collection draws together a range of academics and writers to explore these states of intoxication and experiences of excess. It considers a wide variety of states of excess, moving from the possibilities of an intoxicated text to a critical account of the appropriation of excess within global capitalism.
Drugs 2.0 : the web revolution that's changing how the world gets high
At some point, maybe twenty minutes after he'd begun refreshing Twitter, Tumblr, Facebook, Gmail in a continuous cycle - with an ongoing, affectless, humorless realisation that his day 'was over' - he noticed with confusion, having thought it was early morning, that it was 4:46PM. Taipei is an ode - or lament - to the way we live now. Following Paul from New York, where he comically navigates Manhattan's art and literary scenes, to Taipei, Taiwan, where he confronts his family's roots, we see one relationship fail, while another is born on the internet and blooms into an unexpected wedding in Las Vegas. From one of this generation's most talked-about and enigmatic writers comes a deeply personal and uncompromising novel about memory, love, and what it means to be alive.
Get him to the Greek
The road of excess : a history of writers on drugs
Cocaine confidential : true stories behind the world's most notorious narcotic
Intoxication : the universal drive for mind-altering substances
From hood to Hollywood
Cocaine: scientific and social dimensions
Trust and free will as the keys to success for the Low Threshold Health Service Centers (LTHSC) : an interdisciplinary evaluation study of the effectiveness of health promotion services for infectious disease prevention and control among injecting drug users
Substance use disorders in adolescence: comorbidity, temporality of onset and socio-demographic background:
a study of adolescent psychiatric inpatients in Northern Finland
Health related data and epidemiology in the European Community : results of a seminar sponsored by the Commission of the European Communities : Brussels, 21-23 September 1992.
"Gang- and drug-related violence is the defining crime problem in our country, and has been for decades. The statistics are alarming and the toll incalculable, and despite countless initiatives from government, law enforcement and social service communities, little has proven effective. Still, remarkably, David Kennedy foresees what no one else could imagine: a happy ending. He has been on the front lines ever since putting together the law enforcement recipe now known as the Boston Miracle, which during the crack epidemic of the 90s cut gang and drug related violence in half. Since then, "Operation Ceasefire" has been refined and deployed- with astonishing success- in over 50 cities. With the endorsement of Attorney General Eric Holder and the National Drug Czar, Kennedy's ideas have become de facto national policy. Don't Shoot tells the story of Kennedy's long journey toward a solution. It began with listening to people on the ground, and what he heard was that there was a trust gap between law enforcement and the community. Closing that gap became the cornerstone of his approach, organizing powerful gatherings in which offenders came together with law enforcers and diverse community members and were asked to stop the violence. It's not that simple, but then again it is-the magic of the approach and of the book. Don't Shoot combines the street verite of The Wire, the social science of Gang Leader for a Day, and the moral urgency and personal journey of Fist Stick Knife Gun. But beyond that, Kennedy will show, unmistakably, that there can be real solutions"--
A cannabis reader : global issues and local experiences : perspectives on cannabis controversies, treatment and regulation in Europe
Drug treatment systems in an international perspective : drugs, demons and delinquents
