http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10613 business centres
business centres
The Central Organization of Finnish Trade Unions, 1907-87
International interiors 6 : [workspaces, offices & studios, shops, restaurants, bars, clubs, hotels, cultural and public buildings]. 6, Workspaces, offices & studios, shops, restaurants, bars, clubs, hotels, cultural and public buildings
Logistic centres in Moscow : transport, operators and logistics infrastructure in the Moscow Region
The retail development process : location, property and planning
Negotiating autonomy in greater China : Hong Kong and its sovereign before and after 1997
Trade mark & store design : L`anima oltre l`atlantico ; the soul beyond the atlantic
Money financial institutions and the economy
Retail location : a micro-scale perspective
European Central Bank and the US Federal Reserve : Differences and similarities in communication strategies and market reactions related to monetary policy decisions
Visual merchandising and display
Offshore ready : strategies to plan and profit from offshore IT-enabled services
Shopping in the eighties : a guide to sources of information
The Austrian trade union movement
Payment systems and the central bank
Your partner in Finland
Migration in a core-periphery model : analysis of agglomeration in regional growth centres
Business process outsourcing : case study: how to develop Deloitte S2G's shared service activities in the Barcelona customer response centre
"Mao Zedong's political career spanned more than half a century. The ideas he championed transformed one of the largest nations on earth and inspired revolutionary movements across the world. Even today Mao lives on in China, where he is regarded by many as a near-mythical figure, and in the West, where a burgeoning literature continues to debate his memory. In this book, leading scholars from different generations and around the world offer a critical evaluation of the life and legacy of China's most famous - some would say infamous - son. In the first section, chapters explore the historical and political context of Mao's emergence as a young man and revolutionary in the early twentieth century. Through this period it is possible to examine the nature of Mao's ideology in its purest form and to see why it was attractive to so many. This section also chronicles the main events of his life and individual aspects of that life: his key relationships with allies and foes, his followers and his public persona, his philosophy, and his relationship with women. In the final part, chapters debate the positive and negative aspects of his legacy; in China Mao has become a metaphor for the promises and betrayals of the twentieth century, in developing countries he remains a beacon of revolutionary hope for some, and in the West Mao continues to be the mirror of our hopes and fears. The book brings the scholarship on Mao up to date, and its alternative perspectives equip readers to assess for themselves the nature of this mercurial figure and his significance in modern Chinese history"--Provided by publisher.
The European Business and Innovation Centres (BICs) : an instrument to assist regional development
AFL - CIO Labor united
Shopping centres play a key role in the modern day retail market, serving as a concentration of both merchants and consumers as well as hubs of entertainment and social activity. The most crucial element of a successful retail center is the consumer. Without enough traffic, tenants are unable to run a profitable business, affecting their ability to pay rent. A good location is often said to be most important factor, but additionally, a good tenant mix and anchor stores capable of attracting customers dictate the success of a shopping center. A working tenant mix means having a selection of operators that work well as individual businesses but also complement one another and increase the functionality of the entire center by attracting customers. The objective of this study is to examine the importance of these factors on the success of a shopping center, with a case study on the Forum shopping centre in downtown Turku. For the past ten years, this prime location center has not been performing as well as could be expected in a location with a notable amount of retail activity and successful businesses. The case study examines the reasons behind the poor performance with a focus on tenant mix, and makes suggestions on improvement based on the findings of this research.
The international directory of government 1999.
Suomen ympäristörakentaminen 2008 = Finnish landscape architecture 2008
Onwards together : SOK 100 years
Payments remain fundamental for banks and central banks
A business plan for a new type of medical centre in Eastern Finland
Labor's paradox : the American federation of state, county, and municipal employees, AFL-CIO
Work
Victor Gruen : from urban shop to new city
Detail in contemporary retail design
Retail interiors : Interior design library
Citycon
100 years of women's lives and actions
Abstract: Consumer buying behaviour in business clothing markets of women in St Petersburg.
European shop designs
Creative lighting : custom and decorative luminaires
Medical practice business plan workbook
Net zero energy design : a guide for commercial architecture
Shopping environments : evolution, planning and design
New retail
Top expertise and business development in the Tampere region
International handbook of urban systems : studies of urbanization and migration in advanced and developing countries
Designing with light : retail spaces : lighting solutions for shops, malls and markets ; series ed. Conway Lloyd Morgan
The entrepreneurial society
Esteetön Helsinki : liikkumisesteisen opas = Det tillgängliga Helsingfors : guide för funktionshindrade = Accessible Helsinki : guide for disabled people
Your benefits in Finland
Stem cell biology in neoplasms of the central nervous system
Peter Walker and partners : landscape architecture : defining the craft
Downtown America : a history of the place and the people who made it
The importance of tenant mix in a retail center : case study Forum Turku
What draws people to urban growth centers : jobs vs. pay?
Shopping architecture now
Market centers and retail location : theory and applications
Architektur für den Handel : Kaufhäuser, Einkaufszentren, Galerien, Geschichte und gegenwärtige Tendenzen = Architecture for the retail trade : department stores, shopping centres, arcades, history and current tendencies
The Valio story : from butter exports to international business
Marketing for health care organizations
Against commodification : experience, authenticity, utopia
Business life in pursuit of economic and political advantages in early-nineteenth-century Finland
Distance and store choice : with special reference to out-of-town shopping
Business Opportunities in Education under the Finland-China Collaboration
The future of shopping : traditional patterns and net effects
The growth of new technology-based companies
From factory to culture factory : transformation of obsolete industrial space as a social and spatial process
150 years of the Bund
Abstract (1 s.).
Payment systems in the Group of Ten countries
SPA-DE special : retail environment desing 1
Migration flows in Finland : regional differences in migration determinants and migrant types
Open Method of Co-ordination (OMC) : 3% action plan : report of the CREST Working Group on Industry-Led Competence Centres : aligning academic/public research with enterprise and industry needs
Control of human voluntary movement
The development of the food retailing real estate market under the aspect of the demographic change : a study of the current and the future structures of the food retailing industry in rural areas as well as base and mediumsized centers in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern
International interiors. 7
Abstract.
A critical introduction to Mao
Retail change : contemporary issues
Functional anatomy of the spine
Spa-de. Vol. 5, Feature: Digital fabrication of space design-AEDS
Consumer buying behaviour in business clothing markets of women in St Petersburg
Capitals of capital : a history of international financial centres, 1780-2005
The third All-Russian congress of trade unions : (resolutions and regulations) ; with an introduction by A. Losovsky. Part 1
Business research in the Nordic countries: an analysis of research output across countries, disciplines, and institutions
New architecture. 10, Shopping malls : Centros comerciales
Opening an IT recycling center in Nigeria : the business plan
Shopping as an entertainment experience
Change a hybrid organisation : a study of transformation of K-Alliance
Place, modernity and the consumer's world : a relational framework for geographical analysis
Harvard Design School guide to shopping. 2
Herculane : touristic model
Travel industry economics : a guide for financial analysis
Payment systems in the European Union
Physical therapy assessment in early infancy
Payment systems in Finland
