http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1065 close reading
close reading
Black dwarfs : race and related ideologies in C. S. Lewis's The chronicles of Narnia
The struggle for Arab independence : Riad el-Solh and the makers of the modern Middle East
Viewing the Islamic orient : British travel writers of the nineteenth century
The islamic state of Iraq and Syria : the history of Isis/Isil
Eastward ho! : diplomats, travellers and interpreters of the Middle East and beyond, 1600-1940
The Arab of the Future
Unspeakable secrets and the psychoanalysis of culture
JOURNEY TO THE ORIENT
Rewriting loss : melancholia, ethics, and aesthetics in selected works by Chuang Hua, Maxine Hong Kingston, and Fae Myenne Ng.
Byzantium in the Near East : its relations with the Seljuk sultanate of Rum in Asia Minor, the Armenians of Cilicia and the Mongols A. D. c. 1192-1237
Palestine and Israel : a challenge to justice
Arab awakening and Islamic revival : the politics of ideas in the Middle East
A culture of Sufism : Naqshbandīs in the Ottoman world, 1450-1700
From Babel to dragomans : interpreting the Middle East
Art of X-ray reading : how the secrets of 25 great works of literature will improve your writing
Armour of the middle east wars 1948-78
Saving the text : literature/Derrida/philosophy
The Palestine - Israeli conflict : a beginner's guide
Who travels sees more : artists, architects and archaeologists discover Egypt and the Near East
The making of the modern Near East, 1792-1923
Word into art : artists of the modern Middle East
Israel/Palestine : how to end the 1948 war
The Middle East in the American quest for world order : ideas of power, economics, and social development in United States foreign policy, 1953-1961
Levant is a book of cities. It describes Smyrna, Alexandria and Beirut when they were windows on the world, escapes from nationality and tradition, centres of wealth, pleasure and freedom. Smyrna, Alexandria and Beirut challenge stereotypes. They were both cosmopolitan cities and centres of nationalism. Using unpublished family papers, Philip Mansel describes their colourful, contradictory history, from the beginning of the French alliance with the Ottoman Empire in the sixteenth century to their decline in the mid twentieth century. Smyrna was burnt; Alexandria Egyptianised; Beirut lacerated by civil war.
The alliance between Syria and Iran has been an enduring feature on the political landscape of the Middle East. Since its inception after the Iranian Revolution, it has had a significant impact in terms of moulding events and bringing changes in the region. This study argues that the alliance between the two states has been defensive in nature.
The formation and perception of the modern Arab world
The origins of the romanesque : Near Eastern influences on European art 4th-12th centuries
Social history of women and gender in the Modern Middle East
What went wrong? : Western impact and Middle Eastern response : The clash between islam and modernity in the Middle East
Moscow and the middle east : Soviet policy since the invasion of Afghanistan
The Middle East since 1914
Seven pillars of wisdom : a triumph
Miniatures from the reign of Bayazid II in a manuscript belonging to Uppsala University library : särtryck ur Orientalia suecana Vol. I, fasc. 3/4
The Palestine-Israeli conflict : a beginner's guide
The 1967 Arab-Israeli war : origins and consequences
A history of the twentieth century
Seamus Heaney, Denis Donoghue, William Pritchard, Marilyn Butler, Harold Bloom, and many others have praised Helen Vendler as one of the most attentive readers of poetry. Here, Vendler turns her illuminating skills as a critic to 150 selected poems of Emily Dickinson. As she did in "The Art of Shakespeare's Sonnets," she serves as an incomparable guide, considering both stylistic and imaginative features of the poems. In selecting these poems for commentary Vendler chooses to exhibit many aspects of Dickinson's work as a poet, 'from her first-person poems to the poems of grand abstraction, from her ecstatic verses to her unparalleled depictions of emotional numbness, from her comic anecdotes to her painful poems of aftermath.' Included here are many expected favorites as well as more complex and less often anthologized poems. Taken together, Vendler's selection reveals Emily Dickinson's development as a poet, her astonishing range, and her revelation of what Wordsworth called 'the history and science of feeling.' In accompanying commentaries Vendler offers a deeper acquaintance with Dickinson the writer, 'the inventive conceiver and linguistic shaper of her perennial themes.' All of Dickinson's preoccupations - death, religion, love, the natural world, the nature of thought - are explored here in detail, but Vendler always takes care to emphasize the poet's startling imagination and the ingenuity of her linguistic invention. Whether exploring less familiar poems or favorites we thought we knew, Vendler reveals Dickinson as 'a master' of a revolutionary verse-language of immediacy and power. "Dickinson: Selected Poems and Commentaries" will be an indispensable reference work for students of Dickinson and readers of lyric poetry.
Izmir and the Levantine world, 1550-1650
Mehmed Ali : from Ottoman governor to ruler of Egypt
The crisis of modern Islam : a preindustrial culture in the scientific-technological age
Casting the ideal past : a narratological close reading of Eliel Aspelin-Haapkylä's History of the Finnish Theatre Company (1906-1910)
The Palestinian catastrophe : the 1948 expulsion of a people from their homeland
Come, tell me how you live
What went wrong? : Western impact and Middle Eastern response
Putting the caliph in his place : power, authority, and the late Abbasid Caliphate
From Arabian tribes to Islamic empire : army, state and society in the Near East c.600-850
Islam. Vol. 1 : Early architecture from Baghdad to Cordoba
Syria and Iran : diplomatic alliance and power politics in the Middle East
Valkania kai Anatolikē Mesogeios, 12os-17os aiōnes : praktika tou diethnous symposiou stē mnēmē D.A. Zakythynou, Athēna, 14-15 Ianouariou 1994 = The Balkans and the Eastern Mediterranean, 12th-17th centuries : proceedings of the International symposium in memory of D. A. Zakythinos, Athens, January 14th-15th 1994.
Oriental assembly
The rise of the Fatimids : the world of the Mediterranean and the Middle East in the fourth century of the Hijra, tenth century CE
The king's magnates : prolegomena to the study of the highest officials of the Neo-Assyrian empire
Who are the Christians in the Middle East?
Midnight's children
Readings : acts of close reading in literary theory
Come, tell me how you live : an archaeological memoir
The new Middle East : the world after Arab Spring
Lady Hester : queen of the East
A wider Middle East
The Helsinki atlas of the Near East in the Neo-Assyrian period
The Iraq-Iran conflict
Rewriting loss : melancholia, ethics, and aesthetics in selected works by Chuang Hua, Maxine Hong Kingston, and Fae Myenne Ng
The king's magnates : a study of the highest officials of the neo-Assyrian empire
Adam's venture : chronicles : PS3
Conflicts in the Middle East since 1945
How to read texts : a student guide to critical approaches and skills
Drama : between poetry and performance
Locked doors : the seizure of Jewish property in Arab countries
Portrait of a desert : the story of en expedition to Jordan
Contemporary Syria : liberalization between cold war and cold peace
Women's Orients: English women and the Middle East, 1718-1918 : sexuality, religion and work
A modern history of the Islamic world
Monks and mission in the Eastern Church : during the 4th century
Religion, ethnicity and contested nationhood in the former Ottoman space
The palimpsest : literature, criticism, theory
Arab dialogue with the world
The new Cambridge history of Islam. Vol. 3, The Eastern Islamic world, eleventh to eighteenth centuries
Levant : splendour and catastrophe on the Mediterranean
Revolt in the desert
Dickinson : selected poems and commentaries
The Near East since the First World War
Playing the game : the story of western women in Arabia
Techniques of close reading
Thomas Hardy's Tess of the d'Urbervilles : a sourcebook
How does the Middle Eastern literary taste differ from the European?
The Middle East in international relations : power, politics and ideology
The June 1967 war was a watershed in the history of the modern Middle East. In six days, the Israelis defeated the Arab armies of Egypt, Syria, and Jordan and seized large portions of territory including the West Bank, East Jerusalem, the Gaza Strip, the Sinai Peninsula, and the Golan Heights. With the hindsight of four decades and access to recently declassified documents, two veteran scholars of the Middle East bring together some of the most knowledgeable experts in their fields to reassess the origins of the war and its regional reverberations. Each chapter takes a different perspective from the vantage point of a different participant, those that actually took part in the war, and also the world powers, the United States, Soviet Union, Britain, and France, that played important roles behind the scenes. Their conclusions make for sober reading. At the heart of the story was the incompetence of the Egyptian high command under the leadership of Nasser and the rivalry between various Arab players who were deeply suspicious of each other, motives. Israel, on the other side, gained a resounding victory for which, despite previous assessments to the contrary, there was no master plan.
Journey to the Orient
Appointment with death
The iron wall : Israel and the Arab world
The new Middle East : the world after the Arab Spring
Eothen
The Middle East, as we know it today, was shaped in the violent and tumultuous years of the first half of the 20th century. The roots of many of the conflicts and crises which afflict the region today can be traced back to this period of wars, high drama and the cavalier re-drawing of maps. Patrick Seale, a leading historian of the region, tells the story of the making of the modern Middle East through the life of Riad el-Solh, a Lebanese politician who grew into the outstanding Arab statesman of his time. Based on British and French archives, and on numerous interviews, the book pieces together the history of the Arab struggle for independence through the lives of those most directly involved. It is an invaluable resource for students and researchers, and of compelling interest to anyone who wants to know more about the Middle East.
