http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10653 agricultural products
agricultural products farm produce
Market commentary : March 1987.
Institutional changes in agricultural product and input markets and their impact on agricultural performance
Market behavior of agricultural cooperatives
Agricultural prices : Price indices and absolute prices. Glossarium
Fair trade coffee in Nicaragua : impacts of certified production on cooperatives, farmers and laborers
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2001.
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2010 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
International trade rules and the agriculture sector : selected implementation issues
Reshaping American agriculture to meet its biofuel and biopolymer roles
Agri-food commodity chains and globalising networks
Agricultural policy reform in the WTO
Voluntary standards and certification for environmentally and socially responsible agricultural production and trade
Agriculture and the policy environment : Tanzania and Kenya
Agricultural trade and the new trade agenda : options and strategies to capture the benefits for the Middle East : case study from the Syrian Arab Rebublic
Plant growth regulators in agriculture and horticulture : their role and commercial uses
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2004 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Rural transport of food products in Latin America and the Caribbean
Marketing of agricultural products
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2008.
Protecting markets : U.S. policy and the world grain trade
The politics of agricultural policy-making in Canada
Banana split : how EU policies divide global producers
Higher value addition through hides and skins
Dairy policy reform and trade liberalisation
Report of the Thirty-fourth Session of the European Commission on Agriculture (ECA), Riga, Latvia, 7 June 2006.
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2007.
Handbook of agricultural economics. Volume 2B, Agricultural and food policy
Food fights over free trade : how international institutions promote agricultural trade liberalization
Environmental control for agricultural buildings
Trading in genes : development perspectives on biotechnology, trade and sustainability
The agricultural situation in the Community
International trade in GMOs and GM products : national and multilateral legal frameworks
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2005.
Jordbrukets prisindeks = Index numbers of agricultural prices
The effects of trade and exchange rate policies on production incentives in agriculture
The guarantee thresholds and the CAP
"Written for courses in agricultural marketing, agricultural price analysis, economics of agricultural marketing, and agribusiness marketing, this text offers a contemporary treatment of all the core agricultural price analyses and marketing topics covered in these undergraduate courses. The text also covers organization economics, such as tacit collusion and empirical price analysis using regression, and consumer research. Norwood and Lusk write in an informal tone, offering many colorful examples that are familiar to today's undergraduate students."--BOOK JACKET.
Agricultural price policies: issues and proposals
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2002.
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2003.
The modernization of rural France : communications networks and agricultural market structures in nineteenth-century France
Economics of resources, agriculture and food
Econometric modelling of agricultural commodity markets
Agriculture and trade in China and India : policies and performance since 1950
Restoring equilibrium on the agricultural markets
Governance, coordination and distribution along commodity value chains : Rome, 4-5 April 2006.
Policy and economic performance in divided Korea during the Cold War era : 1945-91
Comparative gastronomy: legal and cultural framework
The food sector in transition - Nordic research : proceedings of NJF-seminar no. 313, June 2000
Biorefineries in decentralized environment : review
Agricultural commodity markets and trade : new approaches to analyzing market structure and instability
Tough choices : facing the challenge of food scarity
Rural markets, food-grain prices and famines : (a study on selected regions in Ethiopia)
Agro-food marketing
User manual and handbook on agricultural trade policy model (ATPSM)
OECD-FAO agricultural outlook
European Community law and international economic relations : the saga of thai manioc
The handbook of organic and fair trade food marketing
Wool! modern myths, new horizons
Private standards in the United States and European Union markets for fruit and vegetables : implications for developing countries
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2004.
Milk : a global history
Evaluating adaptation and the production development of Finnish agriculture in climate and global change
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2009.
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2006.
The Uruguay Round Agreement on agriculture and processed agricultural products
Supply and demand in agricultural products : outlook to 1990
CRC handbook of transportation and marketing in agriculture
International agri-food chains and networks : management and organization
Towards an African common market for agricultural products
The agricultural situation in the European Union : 2002 report
Trade, aid, and policy reform : proceedings of the 8th Agriculture sector symposium
The agricultural dimension of the ACP-EU economic partnership agreements
Gender equality in global value chains and the role of Aid for Trade in promoting gender equality and women’s employment in developing countries
Value-adding standards in the North American food market : trade opportunities in certified products for developing countries
Effects of exchange rate and trade policies on agriculture in Pakistan
Agro-industries for development
Food security in the long term
Econometric models of world agricultural commodity markets : cocoa, coffee, tea, wool, cotton, sugar, wheat, rice
Farm prices and related measures 1990/1991 : Council decisions
Executive summary (s. 11-19).
Day-of-the-week effects in the agricultural futures market
Situation and outlook series. International agriculture and trade reports. China
Marketing for farm and rural enterprise
Small island developing states : agricultural production and trade, preferences and policy
From the farmer...to the consumer
Demand for butter, margarine and cheese in Finland
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Agricultural trade and the new trade agenda : options and strategies to capture the benefits for the Middle East : case study from Tunisia
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2008 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Executive summary.
Market orientation in food and agriculture
Accessibility as a determinant of opportunities : a case study from Peruvian Amazonia
Prices of agricultural products and selected inputs in Europe and North America
"The Korean peninsula during the Cold War provided a cruel but historically unparalleled real-world "experiment" in the relationship between polity and material advance: an ethnically and culturally homogenous nation was, in 1945, suddenly divided by an arbitrary boundary line and then subjected to two radically different and adversarial political economies for successive decades on end. Assessing the competition between the North and South Korean economies from partition to the end of the Soviet era, Nicholas Eberstadt argues that the storyline is not quite as simple as the now-prevailing narrative suggests (that centrally-planned economies are doomed to fail against market-oriented alternatives). Rather, he suggests, the race for material progress was just that: a race, the results of which were far from preordained at the outset. In Policy and Economic Performance in Divided Korea during the Cold War Era: 1945-91, Eberstadt presents an impressive compilation of hard-to-find comparative data on economic performance for the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK, or North Korea) and the Republic of Korea (ROK, or South Korea) over two critical generations. By a number of indicators, Eberstadt argues, Kim Il Sung's North Korea actually outperformed South Korea for much of this period -- not only in the years immediately following partition, but perhaps also into the 1970s. To explain these surprising results, Eberstadt details the impact of government policies on the course of growth of both economies and offers some unorthodox observations about material performance under these two contending polities. He finds that prevailing economic development theory on such issues as planned-versus-market economies, military burden, and the relationship between material advance and poverty, may require reexamination in light of the experience of the two Koreas between partition and the end of the Cold War." --Back cover.
The development dimension : agriculture and development : the case for policy coherence
Introduction to agricultural economics
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2011 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Proceedings of the International CIPA Conference 2012 on Plasticulture for a Green Planet, Tel Aviv, Israel, May 15-17, 2012
Welfare society and people's health : a case study of the Finnish fat policy and its adaptation to the goals of European trade integration
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = Landbrukstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Addressing marketing and processing constraints that inhibit agrifood exports : a guide for policy analysts and planners
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2003 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2007 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2000.
Sustainable agriculture - Poland and Portugal
Tilling the hateful earth : agricultural production and trade in the late antique East
Agricultural marketing and price analysis
Estimating the profitability of pool cooperatives
Agricultural product prices and policies influence the development of crop yields under climate change through farm level management decisions. On this basis, five main scenarios were specified for agricultural commodity prices and crop yields. An economic agricultural sector model was used in order to assess the impacts of the scenarios on production, land use and farm income in Finland. The results suggest that falling crop yields, if realized due to low prices and restrictive policies, will result in decreasing crop and livestock production and increasing nutrient surplus. Slowly increasing crop yields could stabilise production and increase farm income. Significantly higher crop prices and yields are required, however, for any marked increase in production in Finland. Cereals production would increase relatively more than livestock production, if there were high prices for agricultural products. This is explained by abundant land resources, a high opportunity cost of labour and policies maintaining current dairy and beef production.
Food market abstracts
Export certification system
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Community imports of food and other agricultural products
Farm prices 1989/1990 : Council decisions
International trade and agriculture
C.A.P. monitor : a continuously up-dated information service on the common agricultural policy of the European Union
The world rice markets : government intervention and multilateral policy reform. Nathan W. Childs
Agriculture in the European Union : statistical and economic information 2002
Cooperatives as a tool for poverty reduction and promoting business in Tanzania
World trade grew for decades considerably faster than global GDP. In recent years, the growth of international trade has slowed to the level of the GDP growth rate. Is the most hectic phase of globalisation already history? It would seem that, in the latter part of the first post-millennium decade, it was for the most part permanent structural factors that took centre stage, while transitory cyclical factors played only a minor role. Forecasts suggest world trade growth relative to global GDP is not likely to gain significant momentum in the immediate years ahead..
Quantifying the agri-food supply chain
Vertical market integration and competition : the meat sector in Slovenia
Philip's geographical digest 1992-1993
The effects of economic policies on African agriculture
Grain marketing is simple : it's just not easy
Market orientation : transforming food and agribusiness around the customer
Contract farming for inclusive market access
Agricultural policies in emerging and transition economies : monitoring and evaluation 1998
An integrated approach to agricultural trade and development issues : exploring the welfare and distribution issues
Economic impacts of the enlargement of the European Union : analysing the importance of direct payments
Demand and supply of pork and beef in Finland
The market for non-traditional agricultural exports
Official methods of analysis of the Association of Official Agricultural Chemists
Invisible giant : Cargill and its transnational strategies
Medium-term prospects for agricultural commodities : projections to the year 2010.
Radioactivity of foodstuffs in Finland in 1987-1988 : supplement 4 to the annual reports STUK-A74 and STUK-A89
Marketing U.S. agriculture
Policies for basic food commodities 2003-2004
Community price stabilazation : theory and empirical evidence
Studies in the marketing of farm products
Comparative advantage of agricultural production systems and its policy implications in Pakistan
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2010.
Citizens' attitudes towards multifunctional agriculture
Special and differential treatment under the WTO Agreement on Agriculture
Farm anatomy : the curious parts & pieces of country life
Introduction to food and agribusiness management
Agricultural marketing strategy and pricing policy
Agricultural price trends in the EC
Roadblock to reform : the persistence of agricultural export subsidies
Specific characteristics of agricultural trade with respect to trade policy
Encyclopedia of agricultural, food, and biological engineering : Volume 1.
Abstract (s. v).
Agricultural trade and the new trade agenda : options and strategies to capture the benefits for the Middle East : case study from Egypt
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2006 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Innovative institutions, public policies and private strategies for agro-enterprise development
Why has world trade slowed?
Recent developments in the plantations sector. Report 1
Why has Africa become a net food importer : explaining Africa agricultural and food trade deficits
Voluntary Standards for Sustainable Food Systems: Challenges and Opportunities : a Workshop of the FAO/UNEP Programme on Sustainable Food Systems, 11-12 June 2013, FAO headquarters, Rome
Agricultural price policy for developing countries
Marketing for success : creative marketing tool for the agricultural industry
Agriculture and the WTO : towards a new theory of international agricultural trade regulation
Antitrust, marketing cooperatives and market power
