http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10644 balance of payments
balance of payments
Trade, growth, and the balance of payments : essays in honor of Gottfried Haberler
Executive summary (s. i-ii).
Economic growth and the balance-of-payments constraints
Saving and investment in a global economy
Finland's balance of payments : compilation methods, sources of information and the time series for 1975 to 1992
A synthesis of the Keynesian and monetarist approaches to the short-run theory of the balance of payments
International finance : selected readings
The methodology of the United Kingdom balance of payments = La méthodologie de la balance des paiements du Royaume-Uni
Balance of payments : quarterly statistics
International money & finance
Second, reform has brought about the deepening of interdependence between the Chinese economy and the world economy. Third, reform has transformed the management of China's domestic and external economic activities. Market-oriented reform means that China's economic relations with Japan are now based on the comparative advantage of both countries rather than the Chinese, or Japanese, government's state plan.
Methodology for current account and exchange rate assessments
UNCTAD handbook of statistics 2001.
Country economic review : People's Republic of China : December 1999.
Balance of payments imbalances
The great rebalancing : trade, conflict, and the perilous road ahead for the world economy
The Russian Federation in transition : external developments
International trade under flexible exchange rates
Die Zahlungsbilanzstatistik der Bundesrepublik Deutschland = The balance-of-payments statistics of the Federal Republic of Germany = Les statistiques de la balance des paiements de la République Fédérale d'Allemagne
The Methodology of Ireland's balance of payments = La Méthodologie de la balance des paiements de LÍrlande
General conclusions (s. 311-312). A summary of specific conclusions (s. 312-320).
Methodologie van de Nederlandse betalingsbalans = Methodology of the balance of payments of the Netherlands = Méthodologie de la balance des paiements des Pays-Bas
The dilemmas of the dollar : the economics and politics of United States international monetary policy
Trade in Services in the Central and East European Countries
Analysis on the errors and omissions in the Finnish balance of payments : restless capital movements, floating exchange rate and errors since 1991
Commerce and colonisation : studies of early modern merchant capitalism in the Atlantic economy
International monetary co-operation 1945-52
European economy. Reports and studies. 1994, 2, The economic and financial situation in Germany
Latin American debt and the adjustment crisis
Trade, balance of payments and growth : papers in international economics in honor of Charles P. Kindleberger
Flexible exchange rates and the balance of payments : essays in memory of Egon Sohmen
The balance of payments : theory and economic policy
International financial statistics : supplement on balance of payments
International financial statistics. Country notes
Changes in Finland's international investment position, 1985-1998 : a brief statistical analysis
Principles of macroeconomics
Gold and the dollar crisis : the future of convertibility
The monetary approach to the balance of payments, exchange rates, and world inflation
Balance of payments : Quarterly data
A study on Finland's balance of payments 1914-1939
Balance of payments : Geographical breakdown
The balance of payments adjustment process in developing countries
Méthodologie de la balance des paiements de la France = Balance of payments : methodology of France
Balance of payments and international investment position
Country economic review : People's Republic of China : October 1998.
UNCTAD handbook of statistics
Metodologi for Danmarks betalingsbalance = Balance of payments methodology of Denmark = Méthodologie de la balance des paiements du Danemark
Foreign disturbances and domestic reactions : a comparative study of wage and exchange rate policy reactions in Denmark, Finland, Iceland and Sweden 1973-81
Balance-of-payments adjustment policies in Finland, Denmark and Norway
The economics of Soviet bloc trade and finance
The hidden hand of American hegemony : petrodollar recycling and international markets
External debt statistics : resource flows, debt stocks and debt service
Challenge of Asian developing countries : issues and analyses
China's relations with Japan in an era of economic liberalisation
Balance of payments : methodology of Greece = Méthodologie de la balance des paiements de la Grèce
Balance of payments and the foreign exchange market : a dynamic partial equilibrium model
Third World debt and international public policy
Foreign exchange crises : an essay in economic pathology
International economics : trade and finance
This book presents the concepts, theory and applications in a clear and concise manner. The eighteen chapters of the book are divided into two main parts, progressing from micro to macro economics, illustrated throughout by the use of examples. The third edition updates the real world data and includes a new chapter on the economic implications of major environmental factors such as pollution and traffic congestion, and expanded material on long-run production, regional policy, monetary union, deregulation and aggregate demand and supply.  KEY FEATURES clear and straightforward  ideal as an introductory text  up to date with all recent policy changes and European developments numerous illustrative examples and self-test questions with answers.   CONTENTS 1.The nature and scope of economics  2.Demand supply and marketing equilibrium   3.Elasticity   4.Consumer theory  5.Production and costs   6.Theory of the firm: perfect competition and monopoly   7.Theory of the firm: monopolistic competition and oligopoly  8.Wages   9.Interest, profits and rent  10.National income accounting  11.National income determination  12.Unemployment  13.Inflation  14.Money and banking  15.Public expenditure and finance  16.International trade and protection  17.The balance of payments and exchange rates  18.Impact of environmental factors  19.Managing the economy  Index.
Review and conclusions (s. 318-354).
On open economy tax policy
The balance of payments in a monetary economy
Trade, the balance of payments and exchange rate policy in developing countries
Deficits and the dollar : the world economy at risk
Current-account sustainability
Adjusting to success : balance of payments policy in the East Asian NICs
Global economic issues and policies
Clearing, money and investment: The Finnish perspective on trading with the USSR
La méthodologie de la balance des paiements de l'Union économique belgo-luxembourgeoise = Methodologie van de betalingsbalans van de Belgisch-Luxemburgse Ekonomische Unie = Methodology of the balance of payments of the Belgo-Luxembourg Economic Union
Studies in the theory of balance-of-payments crises
Finland's Balance of Payments
Country economic review : People's Republic of China : October 2000.
The main purpose of this book is to explore the influence of reform on changes in China's economic relations with Japan after the late 1970s. There are three reasons for investigating the links between Chinese reform and bilateral economic relations at this particular juncture in history. First, in the past two decades reform has meant that China has enjoyed faster economic growth than Japan.
Optica report 1976 : inflation and exchange rates : evidence and policy guidelines for the European Community
The exchange stability problem
Exchange rates and international macroeconomics
The elasticity-absorption, monetary, and portfolio balance approaches, and the Mundell-Fleming theorem in a general approach to the balance of payments
Introduction to international economics
Euro-Mediterranean statistics
International economics : theory, evidence and practice
The incredible Eurodollar
Finland's balance of payments, 1890-1913
International money and finance
Yugoslavia : socialism, development and debt
World trade and payments : an introduction
Debt stocks, debt flows and the balance of payments
International money : a collection of essays
International financial policy and economic development : a disaggregated approach
Editor's summary (s. 1-5).
International financial statistics yearbook
Business and macroeconomics
Inflation, exchange rates, and the world economy : lectures on international monetary economics
Studies of exchange rate policies and disequilibria in the Finnish economy
Instructions for enterprises : January 1996.
International finance
The effects of foreign direct investment on host contry economy
The theory of international economic policy. Vol. 1, The balance of payments
Balance of payments : Global data
