http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10637 arctic fox
arctic fox
Theoretical study of the oxidation of a pure and alloyed copper surface
Elements of abstract harmonic analysis
Population fluctuations and life history consequences in the arctic fox
Marine Terminal Training and Competence Assessment Guidelines for Oil and Petroleum Product Terminals
Fractional Cauchy transforms
Bulk Liquid Chemical Handling Guide for Plants, Terminals, Storage & Distribution Depots (BLCH Guide)
Palliative care for older people : better practices
Fixed point theory
Navier-Stokes equations
The convolution transform
On a general family of function spaces
Bases in Banach spaces. 2.
General theory of Banach algebras
Subfossil records of the arctic fox (Alopex lagopus) compared to its present distribution in Norway
Topological vector spaces and distributions. 1
Dynamics of the arctic fox population in Sweden
Spectral synthesis
Symposium on infinite dimensional topology
R-boundedness and multiplier theorems
An infinite polynomially nonlinear system of equations
Foundations of functional analysis
There is increased awareness of the need for palliative care for chronic diseases. However, there remains a huge unmet need for palliative care for chronic life-limiting health problems in most parts of the world. The purpose of this Atlas is to shine a light on the need for palliative care globally and to provide useful information for those wishing to increase access. This document addresses the following questions: What is palliative care? Why is palliative care a human rights issue? What are the main diseases requiring palliative care? What is the need for palliative care? What are the barriers to palliative care? Where is palliative care currently available? What are the models of palliative care worldwide? What resources are devoted to palliative care? What is the way forward?
Social work with the dying and bereaved
Improving the forklift traffic safety at logistics terminals
Survival of the fattest - leptin, melatonin, thyroxine and seasonal adaptation of mammals
Computational studies of chemical looping combustion materials and CO2 activating surfaces
Interactions between Arctic and red foxes in Scandinavia : predation and agression
Theory of operator algebras (2). 2
Solutions of ill-posed problems
Marine Terminal Management and Self Assessment (MTMSA) : a best practice guide for terminal management
Functional analysis and differential equations in abstract spaces
Populations around the world are ageing, and more people are living with the effects of serious chronic illness towards the end of life. Meeting their needs presents a public health challenge. This publication aims to provide examples of better palliative care practices for older people to help those involved in planning and supporting care-oriented services most appropriately and effectively. Examples have been identified from literature searches and from an international call for examples through various organizations, including the European Association of Palliative Care and the European Union Geriatric Medicine Society. Some examples consider how to improve aspects within the whole health system; specific smaller examples consider how to improve palliative care education, support in the community, in hospitals or for specific groups of people, such as people in nursing homes and people with dementia and their families. Some examples await rigorous evaluation of effectiveness, and more research is needed in this field, especially the cost–effectiveness and generalizability of these initiatives. This publication takes both an individual person and a health systems approach, focusing on examples from or relevant to the WHO European Region. The publication is intended for policy-makers, decision-makers, planners and multidisciplinary professionals concerned with the care and quality of life of older people.
Understanding selective reduction reactions with heterogeneous Pd and Pt : climbing out of the black box
Moser's method for minimizers on metric measure spaces
Banach algebras and the general theory of *-algebras. Vol. 2, *-algebras
Banach algebras and the general theory of *-algebras. Vol. 1, Algebras and Banach algebras
Beginning functional analysis
Banach spaces of analytic functions : proceedings of the Pelczynski conference held at Kent State University, July 12-16, 1976
A course in commutative banach algebras
An equioscillation characterization of finite Blaschke products
Applied functional analysis : main principles and their applications
Elements of the topology of plane sets of points
The biology and conservation of wild canids
Spatial ecology of arctic foxes : relations to resource distribution, and spatiotemporal dynamics in prey abundance
Representations of commutative semitopological semigroups
Introduction to Hp spaces : with an appendix on Wolff's proof of the corona theorem
History of functional analysis
Robust multivariable controller for distributed parameter systems
C*-algebras by example
Nisäkäshavaintoja Lounais-Hämeestä 1990-luvulla = Observations on mammals in South-West Häme in the 1990`s
Studies of declining populations : temporal genetic analyses of two arctic mammals
Marine Terminal Operator Competence and Training Guide
Functors and categories of Banach spaces : tensor products, operator ideals and functors on categories of Banach spaces
Port of Manchester : facts and figures
Structure and function: a guide to three major structural-functional theories. Part 1, Approaches to the simple clause
A course in functional analysis
Global Atlas of Palliative Care at the End of Life
Factorization of holomorphic mappings on C(K)-spaces
Summer food habits of arctic foxes in the alpine region of southern Scandinavia, with a note on sympatric red foxes
Mathematical quantization
Elements of functional analysis
Arctic foxes in Svalbard : population ecology and rabies
An introduction to abstract harmonic analysis
Functional analysis in applied mathematics and engineering
Harnack's inequality for a nonlinear eigenvalue problem on metric spaces
Nonlinear differential equations in ordered spaces
International safety guide for oil tankers & terminals (ISGOTT)
Function spaces and operator theory : proceedings of the summer school held in Joensuu : May 19-23, 2003
Functional analysis
The isometric theory of classical Banach spaces
Ordered linear spaces
Weighted spaces of harmonic and holomorphic functions : sequence space representations and projective descriptions
Food habits of arctic foxes (Alopex lagopus) on the western coast of Svalbard
Public-private partnership investments in dry ports : Russian logistics markets and risks
Geometric functional analysis and its applications
An exchange algorithm for Laurent polynomial Chebyshev approximation on the unit circle
On conditionals
Genetic structure in the North- population connectivity and social organization in the Arctic fox
To survive and reproduce in a cyclic environment : demography and conservation of the Arctic fox in Scandinavia
A philosophical guide to conditionals
Banach lattices and positive operators
Improving the forklift traffic safety at logistics terminal
Adaptations by the arctic fox (alopex lagopus) to the polar winter
Theory of operator algebras (3). 3
Marine terminal survey guidelines : chemical, gas and oil terminals
C - algebras and W -algebras
Improving cost-efficiency and reducing environmental impacts of intermodal transportation with dry port concept : major rail transport corridor in Baltic Sea Region
Function Hopf algebra and pseudodifferential operators on compact Lie groups
ISGOTT International safety guide for oil tankers and terminals
Moser iteration for (quasi)minimizers on metric  spaces
Arctic fox : life at the top of the world
Introduction to subfactors
The metric theory of tensor products : Grothendieck's résumé revisited
The arctic fox population in Finnish Lapland during 30 years, 1964-93
Spline functions : basic theory
On measures of noncompactness and ideal variations in Banach spaces
On the averages of the counting function of a meromorphic function
