http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10679 music archives
music archives
Music and theatre in Handel's world : the family papers of James Harris, 1732-1780
Alan Lomax, assistant in charge : the Library of Congress letters, 1935-1945
Music archiving in the world : papers presented at the conference on the occasion of the 100th anniversary of the Berlin Phonogramm-Archiv
Music librarianship at the turn of the century
Trapped in folklore? : studies in music and dance tradition and their contemporary transformations
Hraeringar : The Nordic House and Iceland = Nordes hus og Island : 2007-2013 / [Max Dager ... [et. al] ]
Songbank : a peerhood based file sharing service for mobile devices
This ebook presents an account of Hereford Cathedral, its buildings and development from the Anglo-Saxon times to the 20th century and looks at its institutional history, musical tradition, cathedral school, archives and library, as well as its surroundings and dependent buildings, giving a good introduction to the Cathedral and its rich background.
Early field recordings : a catalogue of cylinder collections at the Indiana University Archives of Traditional Music
Discourse in ethnomusicology. 3, Essays in honor of Frank J. Gillis
Directory of music research libraries. Vol. 2, Sixteen European countries
The Archive of the Sing-Akademie zu Berlin : catalogue = Das Archiv der Sing-Akademie zu Berlin : Katalog
Fonoarhìv êvrejs'koï muzičnoï spadŝini : kolekcìâ fonografìčnih zapisìv êvrejs'kogo fol'kloru ìz fondìv Ìnstitutu rukopisu: anotovanij katalog fonocilìndrìv ta notnih ì tekstovih rozšifrovok = Fonoarhiv evrejskogo muzykal'nogo naslediâ: kollekciâ fonografičeskih zapisej evrejskogo fol'klora iz fondov Instituta rukopisi = Phonoarchive of Jewish Musical heritage: the collection of Jewish folklore phonograf recordings from Institute of Manuscripts
Historical sources and source criticism : ICTM study group on historical sources : proceedings from the 17th international conference in Stockholm, Sweden May 21-25, 2008
Books and tunes / Martti Anhava
Traditional music in Baltic countries
Preserving the nation's recorded musical heritage
Subject access and content description of sound effects in internet environment : Tampere Polytechnic Library,  Digital sound library project : project report
Describing music materials : a manual for descriptive cataloging of printed and recorded music, music videos, and archival music collections, for use with AACR 2 and APPM
The cathedral church of Hereford : a description of its fabric and a brief history of the episcopal see
Archives for the future : global perspectives on audiovisual archives in the 21st century
Directory of music research libraries. Vol. 3,1, Sixteen European countries
The world's greatest sound archive : 78 rpm records as a source for musicological research
With the Archive of the Sing-Akademie zu Berlin Catalogue a complete catalogue of the music archive of the Sing-Akademie zu Berlin is now available for the first time since the archive, which disappeared during World War II, was rediscovered in 1999. Since 2001 the more than 260,000 pages of music manuscripts, copies and first prints (from 17th to early 19th cent.) were revised by two musicologists which compiled an index of shelf marks and an index of composers. Thus detailed searches in the holdings of the archive (which were filmed since 2002 in severeal parts on microfiche at K. G. Saur) are possible for the first time. The Catalogue lists 9,735 works of 1,008 different composers. It provides also a concordance signature - microfiche and therefore serves as a cumulated guide to the microfiche editions, all the more the registers have been revised and improved. The unique collection is introduced by a number of articles by musicologists Axel Fischer, Christoph Henzel, Klaus Hortschansky, Matthias Kornemann, Ulrich Leisinger, Mary Oleskiewicz, Ralph-J. Reipsch, and Tobias Schwinger.
Questions like 'Trapped in folklore?' open up many possibilities for reflection and prompt different answers. This thematic publication with a rather provocative title discusses questions as to whether the selected musical phenomena are a fossilised form of tradition, folklore and folklorism and, as such, are trapped in a museum-like image isolated from contemporary cultural life, or whether we are looking at active events, changes, and adjustments within contemporary society.
