http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10680 sails
sails
How to trim sails : dinghies to offshore cruisers
Captain Cooks Endeavour
The Chesapeake Sailing Yacht Symposium, Mahan Hall, United States Naval Academy, January 19, 1985.
Wind surfing
Canoe rig : the essence and the art : sailpower for antique and traditional canoes
The Chesapeake Sailing Yacht Symposium, Mitscher Hall, United States Naval Academy, February 9, 1991.
Sail trim : theory and practice
The Fourteenth Chesapeake Sailing Yacht Symposium, January 30, 1999.
Rigging the Sigyn
Tackle windsurfing
Understanding rigs and rigging
Nicholls's Seamanship and nautical knowledge : for second mates', mates' and masters' examinations
Make your own jibsails and win
Thirty classic boat designs : the best of the good boats
The Naval Cutter Alert 1777
Surfing : the fundamentals
The complete soaring guide
The Chesapeake Sailing Yacht Symposium, collected papers, Annapolis, Maryland, January 19, 1974.
Windsurfing
Grasping technology, assessing craft : developing a research method for the study of craft-tradition
The forgotten arts and crafts
For future generations : conservation of a Tudor maritime collection
Mainsail trimming : an illustrated guide
Jane's world sailplanes and motor gliders
Gliding : a handbook on soaring flight
The Frigate Diana
Rigging : period fore-and-aft craft
The Vrouw Maria Underwater project 2009–2012 final report
The Chesapeake Sailing Yacht Symposium, Annapolis, Maryland, January 15, 1977.
Sailing ship rigs and rigging : with authentic plans of famous vessels of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries
The voyager's handbook : the essential guide to bluewater cruising
Sailing ship rigs and rigging : with authentic plans of famous vessels of the ninteenth and twentieth centuries
Canvaswork & sail repair
Sailing boats of the world : a guide to classes
Surfing the world
The Chesapeake Sailing Yacht Symposium, Annapolis, Maryland, January 17, 1981.
Classic Sailing Ships
The complete canvasworker's guide : how to outfit your boat using natural or synthetic cloth
Rigging : everything you always wanted to know about the ropes and the rigging, the winches and mast of a cruising or racing boat
Tall ships : the magic of sail
The seventy-four gun ship : a practical treatise on the art of naval architecture. Vol. 3, Masts, sails, rigging
The Chesapeake Sailing Yacht Symposium, collected papers, Annapolis, Maryland, January 18, 1975.
The Chesapeake Sailing Yacht Symposium, Annapolis, Maryland, January 30, 1999.
15th International  Symposium on "Yacht Design and Yacht Constrtuction, Amsterdam, 16 November 1998 : proceedings
Water-based tourism, sport, leisure and recreation experiences
The best of sail trim
Ultrasonically manufactured space tether
A sail for all seasons : cruising and racing sail tips
Understanding gliding the principles of soaring flight
Surfing
Advanced windsurfing : a simple guide to the best techniques and equipment for success
Make your own spinnakers and staysails..
The sailing-ship : six thousand years of history
The Chesapeake Sailing Yacht Symposium, Annapolis, Maryland, January 25, 1997.
The romance of tall ships
Sailing rigs : an illustrated guide
The last sailors : the final days of working sail
Skiffs and schooners
This is freestyle windsurfing
The Chesapeake Sailing Yacht Symposium, Annapolis, Maryland, January 20, 1979.
The forgotten arts
CARE AND REPAIR OF SAILS
Eighteenth-century rigs & rigging
The physics of sailing explained
The Chesapeake Sailing Yacht Symposium, Mahan Hall, United States Naval Academy, March 7, 1987.
This is looking at sails
The Chesapeake Sailing Yacht Symposium, Mitscher Hall, United States Naval Academy, March 11, 1989.
The Chesapeake Sailing Yacht Symposium, Annapolis, Maryland, January 15, 1983.
The Down Easters : American deep-water sailing ships 1869- 1929
The Windsurfing funboard handbook
Learn to windsurf in a weekend
Small boat sails
The sailmaker's apprentice : a guide for the self-reliant sailor
The rigging of ships in the days of the spritsail topmast 1600-1720
George at the seaside
The Chesapeake Sailing Yacht Symposium, Annapolis, Maryland, January 28, 1995.
To harness the wind : a short history of the development of sails
Illustrated sail & rig tuning
Surfing Australia
To the Baltic with Bob
The romance of the clipper ships
The Eleventh Chesapeake Sailing Yacht Symposium, Annapolis, Maryland, USA on January 29-30, 1993.
The four-masted barque
Canvas and rope craft for the practical boatowner
The Arctic whalers
The nitrate clippers
The ultimate guide to windsurfing
Gliding : from passenger to pilot
Great Yachts and their Designers
Complete sailing manual
