http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10647 multiculturalism
multiculturalism
Trends in art education from diverse cultures
A literature review on ethical and cultural questions in multicultural counseling
Use of Humor in Multicultural Classroom
Limits of liberal multiculturalism
Multicultural citizenship : towards a European policy
Ward managers view on the strategies for successful learning experiences for ELTDP nursing students in acute clinical practice setting in Finland
The cultural intelligence difference : master the one skill you can't do without in today's global economy
NURSES’ EXPERIENCES OF MULTICULTURAL CLIENTS IN SEXUAL AND REPRODUCTIVE HEALTH CARE IN KOKKOLA
Abstract: The objective of this Bachelorʼs Thesis was to develop a guide for the immigrant back-ground students of Myllypuro Upper Secondary School. This guide, “Myllypurosta Ponnistaa Maailmalle”, presents the school areas and rules in a visual form, as well as displays the areas and rules in the Finnish language. The purpose of this guide is to enhance the integration process of immigrant background youth who are new to the Finnish schooling system. This thesis presents the process of making the guide, as well as the theoretical background used in the “Myllypurosta Ponnistaa Maailmalle”- guide. The main theoretical framework used in this guide is integration and empowerment. This guide was compiled in assistance with the students and teachers of the Myllypuro Upper Secondary School. The student guidance counselor as well as the teachers of the preparatory class has assisted in the process. In addition, the students have also voiced their opinions about what aspects should be taken into consideration in the guide. The outcome, the “Myllypurosta Ponnistaa Maailmalle”- guide, was made for distribution in the Myllypuro Upper Secondary School. Due to the fact that integration and empowerment are long processes, it has not been possible to accurately measure the results in such a short time, and therefore we have not been able to test how the objective has been met. The initial reactions from the Myllypuro Upper Secondary School have been positive, and the possibility of using this guide in other Finnish Schools has been discussed
Difference and cultures in Europe
Intercultural communication in experience tourism in the Inari area
Turn left for Murmansk : 'Fourth World' transculturalism and its cultural ecological framing
Multicultural Education through Expressive Methods in Early Childhood Education
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
THE IMPACT OF MULTICULTURAL EMPLOYEES ON DECISION-MAKING IN MULTINATIONAL COMPANIES
Ward managers view of the strategies for successful learning experiences for ELTDP nursing students in acute clinical practice setting in Finland
Theoria et praxis
Intercultural communication in business between China and Arabic countries : Case company: Zhejiang Lianmei Co., Ltd
Side by side : a multicultural reader
Creating multicultural change on campus
Research in social problems and public policy : a research annual. 1979, Vol. 1
The Welsh girl
Cross-cultural work groups
Challenging multiculturalism : European models of diversity
"In recent years, European political leaders from Angela Merkel to David Cameron have discarded the term 'multiculturalism' and now express scepticism, criticism and even hostility towards multicultural ways of organising their societies. Yet they are unprepared to reverse the diversity existing in their states. These contradictory choices have different political consequences in the countries examined in this book. The future of European liberalism is being played out as multicultural notions of belonging, inclusion, tolerance and the national home are brought into question."--Publisher's website.
Passages to Canada : eighteen essayistic routes : proceedings of the European Student Seminars on Graduate Work in Canadian Studies, Belfast 1998 = Passages vers le Canada : dix-huit routes essayistiques
Intercultural management competence in Finnish multicultural working life : case Aamujakelu Oy
Immigration strategy for Northern Ostrobothnia 2015
Lost in translation? : translating multicultural style in Maxine Hong Kingston's The woman warrior
My way : a Muslim woman's journey
The multicultural planet : the report of a Unesco International expert group
The Barcelona brothers
Love and parenthood in an intercultural family
Problems and complexities in cross cultural advertising : why dilemma theory provides a viable alternative for marketing managers
Arts and learning : an integrated approach to teaching and learning in multicultural and multilingual settings
The Cross-cultural Introduction in the International Facility Management Program IFMP
Developing multicultural teacher education curricula
What more can we do? : developing a multicultural action plan for the Girls' House, a meeting place for girls and young women in Helsinki
Sexual communication among intercultural couples with a Finnish partner
Diversity in coaching : working with gender, culture, race and age
Multicultural issues in counseling : new approaches to diversity
The multicultural moment
Teacher training and multiculturalism : national studies
Social cohesion, securitization and counter-terrorism
Making home rules for mother tongues : the legal implications of linguistic diversity in the design of autonomy regimes
Who am I? : an intercultural experience as a factor in the cultural identity development : the case of Finnish individuals with a transculturally mobile childhood
Negotiation strategies and skills in international business : a study of negotiators in Finland
Kanada und die USA - interkulturelle Perspektiven : Internationales Symposium, Wien, 12.-14. April 2000 = Aspects of interculturality - Canada and the United Staates = Perspectives interculturelles - la Canada et les États-Unis
The primary objective of the present paper is to discuss and analyse the use of humor in the context  of multicultural classroom. This primarily theoretical discussion also attempts to gain a more  comprehensive understanding of how humor can be employed in teaching and instruction thus  contributing to learning. Fundamentally, the intention is to determine dimensions of appropriate and  benevolent humor in terms of learning. The questions to be considered in this paper are as follows: 1)  what the humor is like in classroom, and 2) why humor used in classroom is regarded appropriate or  inappropriate. For this paper, humor in classroom is studied in the light of topic related literature.  Humor as a complex form of communication is discussed here by reviewing a number of academic  publications on the topic. Furthermore, the two pivotal concepts of humor and culture are discussed  briefly. This theoretical overview is also supplemented by a few student interviews from culturally  and linguistically diverse backgrounds. The present paper focuses mainly on the theoretical aspects  of classroom humor and humor as a pedagogical tool. Through this mainly theoretically oriented  study, our aim is to identify some of those features which could potentially contribute to the use of  appropriate humor as derived from the Instructional Humor Processing Theory (IHPT) and previous  research findings. In conclusion, this study offers some viewpoints on humorous features relevant to  promoting an inspiring learning experience.
How to support the teaching of multicultural groups in Finland
Intercultural competence development of Finnish higher education personnel : case: Lahti UAS
The other at the workplace : power and language in a multicultural workplace
Gendering citizenship in Western Europe : new challenges for citizenship research in a cross-national context
Multicultural tourism : hidden worlds in urban regions
Towards multiculturalism in Turkish public service broadcasting : the dilemma of Kurdish language and cultural diversity
Organising a multicultural event : case: Erasmus IP 2010: Innovative Approaches in Multicultural Tourism Education
Using Estonian/American Based Culture Models For Multicultural Studies. An Innovative Approach To Studying The Multi-cultural, Multi-ethnic Experience
Multicultural art education : voices of art teachers and students in the postmodern era
Teaching young children in multicultural classrooms : issues, concepts, and strategies
Preparing teachers for cultural diversity
SELL IT SAP UPGRADE IMPLEMENTATION - SHOULD CHANGE MANAGEMENT BE AS EXTENSIVE AS THE EFFECT OF THE CHANGE?
The Utilization of Employee Competencies : A comparison between Vamp and Wärtsilä
Multiculturalism: identity and equality: a comparative view on Finland and Ireland
If you can walk, you can dance; if you can talk, you can sing : a presentation at the Music Education Symposium at Sibelius-Academy Oct 8, 1999
This volume focuses on advances in research methodology in an interdisciplinary field framed by discourses of identity and interculturality. It includes a range of qualitative studies: studies of interaction, narrative studies, conversation analysis, ethnographic studies, postcolonial studies and critical discourse studies, and emphasizes the role of discourse and power in all studies of identity and interculturality. The volume particularly focuses on critical reflexivity in every stage of research, including reflections on theoretical concepts (such as 'identity' and 'interculturality') and their relationship with methodology and analytical practice, reflections on researcher identity and subjectivity, reflections on local and global contexts of research, and reflections on language choice and linguacultural aspects of data generation, analysis and communication.
Incorporating the thinking, feeling, and behaving dimensions of human experience, Corey's best-selling "Theory and Practice of Counseling and Psychotherapy, 9/e, International Edition" offers an easy-to-understand text that helps students compare and contrast the therapeutic models expressed in counseling theories. Corey introduces students to the major theories (psychoanalytic, Adlerian, existential, person-centered, Gestalt, reality, behavior, cognitive-behavior, family systems, feminist, and postmodern approaches) and demonstrates how each theory can be applied to a single case ("Stan"). With his trademark style, he shows students how to apply those theories in practice, and helps them learn to integrate the theories into an individualized counseling style.This book is the center of a suite of products that includes a revised student manual, "Case Approach to Counseling and Psychotherapy" (2013), "The Art of Integrative Counseling" (2013) and media resources like the DVDs titled "DVD for Theory and Practice of Counseling and Psychotherapy: The Case of Stan and Lecturettes", and "DVD for Integrative Counseling: The Case of Ruth and Lecturettes", which features the same videos as the Integrative Counseling CD-ROM redesigned for today's classrooms.
Deep culture : the hidden challenges of global living
Innovative entrepreneurship education in the Nordic-Russian context : project report
Social identification and group cohesiveness in a multicultural work group
"This book's purpose is to inform educators and instructional designers of issues and cultural misunderstandings that could hinder the effective transfer of knowledge when e-learning is exported to other cultures. Addressing these cultural challenges will enhance the effectiveness of e-learning, thereby supporting the societal benefits of increased access to education at a global level"--Provided by publisher.
The politics of inclusion : preparing education majors for urban realities
The impact of multiculturalism on group work : the process of multicultural group work through the eyes of the International Business Students of Turku University of Applied Sciences
Challenges and learning in multicultural preschool classrooms : learning from teachers' experiences
The new Vichy syndrome : why European intellectuals surrender to barbarism
Cultural competence in nursing : nurses' perceptions : a literature review
Developing internal communication in a global B2B company : case: Company X
The Bidirectional Integration Programme
An analysis of participants’ experiences of HELMO workshops
International education and multiculturalism : the Harvard foreign student killings in a comparative perspective
"The best of both worlds" : bilingual family life according to Finnish and English-speaking parents in Finland and the United Kingdom
Multicultural education for learners with exceptionalities
Abstract: The main motivating reason behind the topic area of this thesis is the growing number of immigrants and immigrant children in Finland. Multiculturalism is a current phenomenon in todayʼs society and it brings new challenges to early childhood education and care (ECEC). The objective of this thesis was to develop a practical implementation to the worklife partner, aiming at bringing multicultural education as a theme closer to the everyday reality by using expressive methods. The project was conducted in close co-operation with the Helsinki English Language Montessori Preschool. In this report we defined theories considering early childhood education and multicultural education as concepts. Expressive methods being the main methods applied, we introduced some relevant theories in support as part of the theoretical framework. When working with children expressive methods are a low threshold way of bringing the above mentioned themes closer to childrenʼs experience of the world.  The functional part of the implementation was a weeklong project for five-year-old children. Our goal was to raise the childrenʼs world awareness through expressive methods. We were hoping for active participation that would lead to increased self-understanding. Our work-life partner introduced the need for grouping, which then became one of the objectives.  Multicultural education is a current topic, in particular in the field of ECEC and increasing knowledge and skills about multiculturalism among the educators is extremely vital. Our aim was to bring forward the theme of multiculturalism both with the children and with the professionals working with them. During each session of the project multiculturalism was presented to the children in different ways. We hope that our work life partner will be able to use the report as an inspirational tool in the future.  The well planned sessions turned out to be successful, although raising childrenʼs world awareness, self-understanding and grouping are especially large concepts and quite difficult to measure. We were able to create a positive and an inspiring environment for the children that can enhance learning. Some concerns that emerged during the process were the lack of literature on multicultural education and instructions regarding preschoolʼs everyday challenges. We hope that in the future our project will awaken interest, foster further discussion and research about this current fascinating topic.
The street
Some aspects to families in a multicultural world
Language, Culture, and Teaching : critical perspectives
Development Plan For Multicultural Working Environment , A Case Study – Middle East
Transcultural nursing - a book of readings
Cultural diversity in hospitality management  : how to improve cultural diversity workforce
All the colours of the earth : poems from around the world
Intercultural communication and ideology
Finnish-German young adult's bicultural identity and its realization in Finland
Cross-cultural network management : case study in connecting young Barents - network
Ethnographic past(iche)
Transnationalism, remittances and asymmetries : multi-local family ties of Senegambian migrants in Finland
Managing diversity in health care manual : proven tools and activities for leaders and trainers
Does Citec have enough resources to implement software localization service
Influence of cultural difference on mobile user experience : a case study of the Nokia phone in Japanese mobile culture
Diversity is our challenge and opportunity
Handbook of research on cross-cultural approaches to language and literacy development
Teaching in the multicultural classroom at university: the Temcu project
Identity and participation in culturally diverse societies : a multidisciplinary perspective
Cross-Cultural Human Resource Management
"This text involves students in understanding and using the tools of critical social and literary theory from the first day of class. It is an ideal first introduction before students encounter more difficult readings from critical and postmodern perspectives. Nealon and Giroux describe key concepts and illuminate each with an engaging inquiry that asks students to consider deeper and deeper questions. Written in students' own idiom, and drawing its examples from the social world, literature, popular culture, and advertising, The Theory Toolbox offers students the language and opportunity to theorize. Updated throughout, the second edition of The Theory Toolbox includes a discussion of new media, as well as two new chapters on life and nature"--
Experiences from multicultural decision-making : challenges to protection in conflict situations
Exploring intercultural competency growth by non-mobile university students through interaction with dissimilar others : internationalizing at home through voluntary social interaction
“Myllypurosta Ponnistaa Maailmalle” - guide: enhancing the integration of young immigrants at Myllypuro upper secondary school
Towards a monoethnic state : ethnic minorities in Poland from the end of the Second World War until the present
Transforming organizational values into action - challenges in a multinational organization : case: Halton Ventilation
Embracing destiny in China : 17 people from across the globe who have found their destiny in China
Against the multicultural agenda : a critical thinking alternative
Effects of Workforce Ethnic Diversity on the Managerial Communication Process
Minorities in Greece : aspects of a plural society
Leadership in early childhood education : cross-cultural perspectives
On becoming bicultural : language competence, acculturation and cross-cultural adjustment of expatriates in China
Visions of real multiculturalism : some reflections on Palestinian "Vision Documents" in light of Finnish experiences
Musics of the world's cultures : a source book for music educators
Realising the potential of multicultural teams : a study on cultural diversity and performance in teams
Intercultural education and the translation of children's literature, Strasbourg 2002
Although communication is central to the humanities and social sciences, the inter-cultural level is often, peculiarly, left out of accounts. So what is intercultural communication? How does it relate to global processes and questions of identity? This comprehensive book examines the main features of intercultural communication. It critically examines the main positions in the field. It addresses intercultural communication within the context of global politics. It seeks to address the specific problems that derive from Western ideology and it sets out an agenda for research. The book investigates categories of cultural action and itemizes the machinery for the illumination of inter-cultural processes. Holliday shows how a dialogue between national structures and creative universal cultural skills can be carried on in new locations. He relates intercultural communication to the topics of multiculturalism, cosmopolitanism and globalization. The book addresses how ideology permeates inter-cultural processes and develops an alternative 'grammar' of culture. Insightful, bold and inspirational, the book is a landmark contribution to the field.
”Big, strong, brave, - all kinds of stuff”. Masculinities, power hierarchies, and violence in school.
Rethinking cultural marginality in the postmodern age : dialogical ambivalence of the multicultural self
Accessing health care : a look into the culture of foreigners living in Salo, Finland for better service provision
Tales alive! : ten multicultural folktales with activities
Internet use and cross-cultural adaptation : a case of European residents in Finland
Iliggii liiqliiqanayay = The wibbly wobbly tooth
Cross-Cultural Psychology is a leading textbook offering senior undergraduate and graduate students a thorough and balanced overview of the whole field of cross-cultural psychology. The team of internationally acclaimed authors present the latest empirical research, theory, methodology and applications from around the world. They discuss all domains of behavior (including development, social behavior, personality, cognition, psycholinguistics, emotion and perception), and present the three main approaches in cross-cultural psychology (cultural, culture-comparative, and indigenous traditions) as well as applications to a number of domains (including acculturation, intercultural relations and communication, work and health). With new additions to the writing team, the third edition benefits from an even broader range of cross-cultural perspectives. Now in 2-colour, the format is even more reader-friendly and the features include chapter outlines, chapter summaries, further reading and an updated glossary of key terms. This edition also offers an accompanying website containing additional material and weblinks.
Moving on! : encounters and experiences in Arts - working multiprofessionally with the youth : MIMO project 2010-2013
Counseling the culturally diverse : theory and practice
Learn, understand and communicate - tools for good patient education with a multicultural patient : A Literature Review
Social contact and attitude change : a case of homeless men living in a dormitory
Cross-cultural psychology : research and applications
Intercultural competence as a succes factor of virtual multicultural teams : a case study on the team effectiveness of global HR teams
Planning for diversity : education in multi-ethnic and multicultural societies
Tiivistelmä - Summary [in Finnish].
Learning across cultures
- Experience Matters - : teachers' perceptions of multicultural education and their competence to teach children from different cultural backgrounds
Exodus : immigration and multiculturalism in the 21st century
The pedagogical development of an international teacher in the cultural context of Finnish CLIL home economics
An introduction to multicultural education
Legal cultures and human rights : the challenge of diversity
Finding a right way to communicate : evaluation of communication practices in a multicultural project
Crossing cultures : readings for composition
Quick guide to the Internet for multicultural education
Multiethnic education : theory and practice
Exploring the practical framework of a multicultural music therapy group for children with emotional and behavioral needs in an after-school setting
Affirming diversity : the sociopolitical context of multicultural education
The Ashgate research companion to multiculturalism
Relationship-oriented communicative managerial practices to promote effectiveness in long-term multicultural teams : managers' perceptions of their successful practices at a multinational organization
Foreign experiences of student teachers in dynamic identity construction  promoting multicultural education
Journeys in design : exploring issues in designing across cultures
Investing in cultural diversity and intercultural dialogue
Global constructions of multicultural education : theories and realities
Language disabilities in cultural and linguistic diversity
Multicultural education : A source book
Making volunteers : civic life after welfare's end
Russian an German business environment: cultural comparative study
Diversity management and intercultural communication experiences in multicultural organisations in South Ostrobothnia
Working with cultural differences : dealing effectively with diversity in the workplace
Globalized e-learning cultural challenges
Diversity Management - Challenges and Possibilities
The last day of term
Building intercultural competences : a handbook for professionals in education, social work and health care
Sign languages in village communities : anthropological and linguistic insights
Divorce islamic style
Textile arts : multicultural traditions
History, memory and migration : perceptions of the past and the politics of incorporation
Orientation to working in a nursing home for health care workers : An Orientation Guide for Foreign Nurses in Nurmikoti
With rapid technological and cultural advancements, the 21st century has witnessed the wide scale development of transnationalist economies, which has led to the concurrent evolution of language and literacy studies, expanding cross-cultural approaches to literacy and communication. Current language education applies new technologies and multiple modes of text to a diverse range of cultural contexts, enhancing the classroom experience for multi-lingual learners. The Handbook of Research on Cross-Cultural Approaches to Language and Literacy Development provides an authoritative exploration of cross-cultural approaches to language learning through extensive research that illuminates the theoretical frameworks behind multicultural pedagogy and its myriad applications for a globalized society. With its comprehensive coverage of transnational case studies, trends in literacy teaching, and emerging instructive technologies, this handbook is an essential reference source for K-20 educators, administrators in school districts, English as a Second Language (ESL) teachers, and researchers in the field of Second Language Acquisition (SLA). This diverse publication features comprehensive and accessible articles on the latest instructional pedagogies and strategies, current empirical research on cross-cultural language development, and the unique challenges faced by teachers, researchers, and policymakers who promote cross-cultural perspectives.
Cultural diversity in music education : directions and challenges for the 21st century
Towards intercultural education. Principles and guidelines for the intercultural curriculum
Implementation of cultural rights within international legislative instruments
Practical skills, education and development : Vocational education and training in Finland
Diverse yet similar : English teachers' conceptions of multicultural teaching and pupils of multicultural background
Theory and Practice of Counseling and Psychotherapy
Somali immigrants’ needs and expectations towards health care services in Helsinki metropolitan
This is a collectively written, inter-disciplinary, thematic cross-national study which combines conceptual, theoretical, empirical and policy material in an ambitious and innovative way to explore a key concept in contemporary European political, policy and academic debates. The first part of the book clarifies the various ways that the concept of citizenship has developed historically and is understood today in a range of Western European welfare states. It elaborates on the contemporary framing of debates and struggles around citizenship. This provides a framework for three policy studies, looking at: migration and multiculturalism; the care of young children; and home-based childcare and transnational dynamics. The book is unusual in weaving together the topics of migration and childcare and in studying these issues together within a gendered citizenship framework. It also demonstrates the value of a multi-level conceptualisation of citizenship, stretching from the domestic sphere through the national and European levels to the global. The book is aimed at students of social policy, sociology, European studies, women's studies and politics and at researchers/scholars/policy analysts in the areas of: citizenship; gender; welfare states; and, migration.
A guide to culture in the classroom
Information flow in multicultural work environment : case Amarillo Restaurant in Turku
Multiculturalism and deliberative democracy
Multicultural Leadership Strategies : case: Company X, Poland
Youth work in Finland : finding ways for intercultural opening
Religion in the multi-faith school
Multicultural understanding in Finnish international companies
Faith matters : case studies from the Faiths in Action Fund
Transnational responsibilities and multi-sited strategies : voluntary associations of Somali diaspora in Finland
Reconciliation from an educational perspective: The Namibian case
Challenges of Qinghai Province
Abstract: "Big, strong, brave, - all kinds of stuff" : masculinities, power hierarchies, and violence in school.
"Language Disabilities in Cultural and Linguistic Diversity" takes a critical perspective on traditional bio-cognitive-social approaches to language disabilities - specific language impairment, communication difficulties, dyslexia and deafness. A socio-cultural approach orientates a reinterpretation of research, educational practices and policies in assessment, teaching and intervention. A Vygotskian framework affords repositioning of assessment, learning and development for language disabilities as they are influenced and shaped by experiences of multilingualism, culture, ethnicity and race. The author, rather than present definitive answers, aims to offer new analyses and extend current understanding of linguistic phenomena fraught by dilemmas of disentangling diversity and disability. The volume serves as a source of reflection and inquiry for students, professionals and policy makers in education and health who are interested in disability and language disabilities in multilingual and multicultural contexts.
Blooming young entrepreneurial and managerial talents in a cross-cultural educational context : TUAS - IB Degree Programme case study
Skills needed in multicultural counselling - As viewed by multicultural counsellors
Bosnia the good : tolerance and tradition
Communication and co-operation within intercultural multi-site project environment of a Case Company : Finland, Japan and the United Kingdom
When teams collide : managing the international team successfully
The Sage handbook of research in international education
The theory toolbox : critical concepts for the humanities, arts, and social sciences
Effective multicultural teams : theory and practice
East meets west : intercultural marriage in Finland
Multicultural education : a cross cultural training approach
A guide for caring Muslim patient
Kultúra a multikultúrna výchova = Culture and multicultural education
Facing the music : shaping music education from a global perspective
Transnational spaces : disciplinary perspectives : Willy Brandt Conference proceedingd
Translation and postcolonialities : transactions across languages and cultures
School, culture and well-being : ArctiChildren research and development findings from northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and north-west Russia
A CSR awareness program to enhance capacity building in good governance of multi-cultural employees and safe operations : good governance of multi-cultural safety : IAMU 2014 Research Project : (No. 20140203)
Beyond multicultural art education: international perspectives
Multicultural education in Western societies
Cultivating habitats of meaning : broadcasting, participation and interculturalism
Research on preparing inservice teachers to work effectively with emergent bilinguals
The Routledge international companion to multicultural education
Comparison between multicultural counseling competences in the United States, England, and Finland
Operational challenges in managing multicultural events; Finnish perspectives for potential companies
The Malays, their problems and future
Multicultures and cities
Multiculturalism and moral conflict
Bilingualism/biculturalism : historical power relations and their legacies
The Limits of Liberal Multiculturalism provides a timely analysis of some of the weaknesses, as well as the successes, of the liberal multicultural project. It also takes a step forward by developing a pluralist, individual-centred approach to allocating minority rights in practice.
Theoretical and methodological challenges of cross-cultural interaction design
Writing transit : refiguring national imaginaries in Chicana/o narratives
This volume is the first authoritative reference work to provide a truly comprehensive international description and analysis of multicultural education around the world.
Student perspectives on vocational teacher education in the English program : with an epilogue on the counselors' perspective by Leena Härkäpää & Riitta Larna
Multiculturalism in Germany : rhetoric, scatterd experiments and future chances
Completely updated,Counseling the Culturally Diverse: Theory and Practice, Sixth Edition is the most widely used and critically acclaimed text on multicultural counseling, offering students and professionals essential and thought-provoking material on the theory, research, and practice of multicultural counseling. The new edition presents the newest research in the field of multicultural counseling, as well as an expanded section on microaggressions. With its unique conceptual framework for multicultural therapy, this book remains the best source of real-world counseling preparation for students and the most enlightened, influential guide for professionals.
Leadership strategies for a multicultural work environment in hotels in Helsinki
Abstract: Ward managers play crucial roles in creating conducive learning environment for nursing students during their clinical practice. The purpose of our final project was to explore ward managers' view of the strategies for successful learning experiences for ELTDP (English Language Taught Degree Programme) nursing students in acute clinical practice settings in Finland. The study question was: What are the strategies that will enhance ELTDP nursing students clinical practice experience in acute settings in Finland? To answer these questions, five ward managers were interviewed and the data was analyzed through content analysis. The findings were summarized into three themes:(i)language; (ii)cultural competence; (iii) cooperation between educational institutions and clinical placements. Both ELTDP students' and tutor nurses' language skills need improvement for students to achieve successful learning outcomes; cultural competence was not well-discussed and formal training on this topic was missing in the wards; Cooperation between educational institutions and clinical placement need to be intensified to achieve successful clinical practice experience.
Third party in workplace conflicts : the mediator's conflict management and intercultural competences
Happy spouses, happy parents? : family relationships among Finnish and Dutch dual earners
The media use of ethiopians in Finland
Pain expression in different cultures : a qualitative study of the analysis for the cues of pain in different cultures
Researching identity and interculturality
Media culture : cultural studies, identity and politics between the modern and the postmodern
Abstract: The purpose of this final project was to explore the nurses' perceptions of cultural competence in nursing.  This final project is based on 15 scientific research articles. The data was collected using Cinahl, Sage Journals, Pubmed, Wiley Interscience and manual search through the library journal collections. Literature review was used as a methodology. A critical appraisal was conducted to ensure the literature suitability to this final project. Deductive content analysis approach was adopted to analyze the data. The Papadopoulos Tilki and Taylor model for developing cultural competence was used as the conceptual framework. This model entails "Cultural Awareness, Cultural Knowledge, Cultural Sensitivity and Cultural Competence".  The findings of this literature review showed that cultural competence encompasses:  (a) Nurses abilities to do self-cultural assessment and point out those aspects of it that are at variance with the patient's values, beliefs and practices. (b) Having an ability and interest in understanding other cultures and the application of cultural knowledge when encountering people from other cultures at their best interests. (c) The ability to use a holistic approach when caring for culturally different patients. And the willingness to provide care that is based on respect, empathy, understanding and that takes into consideration the patients' cultural and religious needs. (d) And having the willingness and the ability to put into use the previously gained cultural awareness, cultural knowledge, cultural sensitivity and nursing skills.  Despite the fact that some nurses did not know and/or have never heard of the term cultural competence, in all reviewed research articles nurses were able to identify different components that make up a culturally competent care. Further research is needed on how nurses address and challenge discriminatory practices and racism as this was given less or non-importance by the nurses, and considering the fact that it was important in the framework of this final project.
Journal of transcultural nursing
Teaching to promote intellectual and personal maturity : incorporating students' worldviews and identities into the learning process
Thoughts from a divided nation: some English Canadian views on the question of bilingualism in Canada and its effect on identity formation
Identity development meets emotional stability : transcending borders through music therapy with an intercultural group of women : a case study
The strong women and wrong men of 'certain cultures' : categorizing 'immigrant men' in the finnish multicultural social work discourse
Multiculturalism in contemporary societies : perspectives on difference and transdifference
Multilingual education in practice : using diversity as a resource
Trans-cultural leadership for transformation
The multicultural images of the future of young adults
Communication and Conflict in International Business : Case of India and Finland
Music teachers' conceptions of cultural and music diversity : a case study at an international school in Nigeria
Foreign Students' Integration into the Finnish Society and Labour Market
Multiculturalism in Helsinki has a long history
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Purnell's model for cultural competence in transcultural research : a literature review
Between 1990 and 2010, the English language learner (ELL) population in U.S. schools grew by 80 percent. While the highest concentration of English language learners, now more commonly referred to as emergent bilinguals (EBLs) remains in the traditional immigrant destination states of California, Texas, New York, Florida, Illinois, and New Jersey, in all 50 states there are growing numbers of emergent bilinguals. Interest in these learners has encouraged research and publications, but most of this research has centered on the students themselves and the politics surrounding their education. Publications featuring the research of teacher educators preparing teachers to work with EBLs in schools are much needed. Teacher educators must know how to help inservice teachers provide effective instruction to the increasing number of linguistically diverse students in the schools.
Inequalities in the teaching profession : a global perspective
Foreigners studying nursing in Finland : a study about experiences from practical placements
Cultural competence in health education and health promotion
A shared vision : intercultural dialogue : a global paradigm to promote linguistic and cultural diversity
Breaking down barriers : teaching to learn and learning to teach in a music conservatory's outreach program
"In short: all people are different" : teachers' and teacher students' views and conceptions of cultural diversity
“Myllypurosta Ponnistaa Maailmalle” - Guide : Enhancing the Integration of Young Immigrants at Myllypuro Upper Secondary School
Question structures in the multicultural university education : a case study of the Tolerance Education Course
Multicultural education in theory and practice. The Africa theme project in the lower elementary training school in Oulu
Challenges and successes in multicultural corporate communication
