http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10652 milk
milk
This study examined the changes in antagonistic activity of selected lactic acid bacteria (LAB) in response to technological factors used in food production. The antimicrobial activity of 12 selected LAB strains was assessed against the bacterial and fungal strains using the agar well diffusion method. Sodium chloride (NaCl) 6.5-8.0%, glucose 20-30% and pH 4.0, pH 8.0 and higher were the most crucial factors in reducing the spectra of the microorganisms antagonized. Heating at 80 °C or 100 °C had a greater negative impact than 63 °C on the antifungal activity of LAB. Freezing at -72 °C eliminated the antifungal activity, or it changed from fungicidal to fungistatic. Although each LAB demonstrated the ability to retain antimicrobial activity induced by various technological factors, Lactococcus lactis 768/5 was superior in retaining high antimicrobial activity against tested indicator strains.
Dairy research report 1992 : Hill Farm Research Station
The effect of adding an inoculant containing Lactobacillus buchneri, L. plantarum and L. casei to wilted perennial ryegrass, harvested at four growth stages and ensiled for either 60 or 150 d on silage fermentation quality, chemical composition, rumen degradability of neutral detergent fibre (NDF) and organic matter (OM) and in vitro OM digestibility (OMd) was studied. Compared to the control silage, more sugars were fermented to lactic and acetic acid with the inoculant, resulting in a lower pH, less dry matter losses and protein degradation and a better aerobic stability. The effects of the additive on fermentation quality were more pronounced after 150 than after 60 d of ensiling, because the quality of the control silage was worse after long ensiling period. The treatment lowered NDF content of grass harvested at the first two growth stages by degrading cell walls to complex sugars, but had no effect on NDF degradability of the silage. The inoculant had no effect on rumen OM degradability nor on OMd after the short ensiling period, but increased the rumen OM degradability for the first two growth stages and OMd for all growth stages after long ensiling period.
Possibilities of genetic improvement of milk coagulation properties of dairy cows
Abstract.
The impact of storage conditions on the stability of Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG and Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis in breast milk
Canonical Wnt signaling in hair and mammary gland patterning and development
The effect of suckling regime on the quantity and quality of marketable milk and the performance of lambs
Journal of dairy science
In this study the viability of a potentially probiotic Lactobacillus paraplantarum DSM 14485 in the intestinal tract of 22 healthy test subjects was qualitatively assessed in a randomised double blinded cross-over study design lasting 2 x 4 weeks (interventions I and II) with a 4-week washout period. The subjects were given in their diet either spontaneously fermented vegetables (SF) or vegetables fermented by starter bacteria which contained  Lb. paraplantarum DSM 14485 (P). The numbers of lactic acid bacteria (LAB) in fecal samples were at the level of 10⁵ cfu g⁻¹ in both groups. The presence of Lb. paraplantarum DSM 14485 was confirmed by biochemical and molecular methods. We were able to show that Lb. paraplantarum DSM 14485, isolated from spontaneously fermented cucumbers, was viable in the intestine of ten test subjects after taking P-diet when the numbers of LAB were sufficiently high in the product.
Identification of genes controlling milk production in dairy cattle
Potency of antibacterial drugs in milk as analysed by beta-glucuronidase-based fluorometry
The effect of free or restricted acidified milk feeding of Finnish Ayrshire bull calves on the subsequent fattening and slaughter performance
Replacing grass silage with pea-barley intercrop silage in the feeding of the dairy cow
Understanding The Milk Consumption Patterns Of The  Nigerians : A Market Potential For Finnish Dairy Product
The effect of a mixture of Lactobacillus strains on silage quality and nutritive value of grass harvested at four growth stages and ensiled for two periods
Advanced dairy chemistry. Vol. 3, Lactose, water, salts and vitamins
Cow milk proteins, autoimmunity and type 1 diabetes : [commentary]
Supply of nutrients and productive responses in dairy cows given diets based on restrictively fermented silage
Effect of lactic acid on the meat quality properties and the taste of pork Serratus ventralis muscle
Inhibitory effects of wood extracts on the spoilage flora of marinated poultry meat
Nutritional influence on fat and protein composition of milk
Milk powder technology : evaporation and spray drying
Milk products in the Finnish diet compared with the Polish diet
Structure modification of milk protein gels by enzymatic cross-linking
Applicability of fructophilic lactic acid bacteria in food industry
World animal science. B 3, Meat science, milk science and technology
Advanced dairy chemistry. 1, Proteins, part B
Nutrition composition tables of milk and dairy products = Nährwerttabellen für Milch und Milchprodukte = Tableaux des valeurs nutritives de lait et produits laitiers
Dairy bacteriology
Preliminary studies on using LAB strains isolated from spontaneous sauerkraut fermentation in combination with mineral salt, herbs and spices in sauerkraut and sauerkraut juice fermentations
Milk for health and wealth
Inducible mutagenesis and biofilm formation in Streptococcus uberis
Drying milk and milk products
Determination of phylloquinone and menaquinones in foods by HPLC
Is it all about the price? : reasons for the small market shares of organic meat and meat products in Austria
Farms of northern Finland
World animal science. 100 3, Dairy-cattle production
Breastfeeding : a guide for the medical profession
Nutrition, gastrointestinal food hypersensitivity and functional gastrointestinal disorders in schoolchildren and adolescents
Purification and fractionation by nanofiltration in dairy and sugar and sweetener industry applications
Milk ejection reflex
The streptococci
Alkaline phosphatase activity inFinnish hard cheeses and milk products
The compensatory effect of environmental subsidies for agri-environmental output constraints was evaluated through a comparative analysis observing the 'pure' efficiency, as a benchmark for prevailing production conditions, and the 'compensated' efficiency, as a proxy indicator of the compensation. An unbalanced data panel covering 3578 Swedish dairy farms in the period 2002-2012 was used. The analysis showed that in the study period, environmental farm support decreased the differences in farm revenue generated by agri-environmental output constraints in Sweden. However, the environmental support distribution did not succeed in meeting regional needs, so difficulties in farmers' ability to generate output in southern and central forest and valley areas of Sweden were visible. Furthermore, the environmental agricultural support had only a partial subsidisation effect on 'green' farm management practices, with full compensation being achieved for organic and capital-extensive farming, whereas low livestock density farming was not sufficiently compensated. This analysis reveals incentives with policy implications for farm economic performance and provides direct input to future policy recommendations for environmental support allocation.
Finnish embryo transfer breeding program "ASMO" : description of the goals and a summary of the results of initial selection
The starters of the dairy : seminar held on September 4th 1987.
Dairy handbook
Changes in antagonistic activity of lactic acid bacteria induced by their response to technological factors
Genetic variation and evolution among industrially important Lactobacillus bacteriophages
The content of B-vitamins in the milk of cows fed purified or low-protein feed, with urea as the sole or main nitrogen source, and evaluation of the microbiological assay methods
Risk factors and characteristics of cow's milk allergy
Improving efficiency assessments using additive data envelopment analysis models: an application to contrasting dairy farming systems
DGGE analysis of probiotic-induced alteration in the canine faecal lactic acid bacteria microbiota
Fortified and soft drinks
Effect of milk coagulation properties of herd bulk milks on yield and composition of Emmental cheese
Three trials were performed on two organic farms with dairy and suckler cows and using home-produced forage and feed crops, predominantly grass-clover ley, in order to determine whether boron (B) is a limiting factor for legumes on coarse-textured soils in an area predisposed to low B soil concentrations. The effects of B fertilisation (applied as sprayed liquid) on biomass yield, botanical composition and plant macro- and micronutrient concentrations relative to soil concentrations and livestock requirements were investigated. Boron fertilisation (i) did not affect any yield, (ii) increased the white clover percentage significantly in forage on one farm and (iii) increased B concentrations in plants and soil on both farms, and (iv) did not affect concentrations of other nutrients in forage on either farm. Thus, B was not an obvious limiting factor on these farms. Effects of management practices on interactions and   ratios between B, calcium (Ca), potassium (K), magnesium (Mg) and sodium (Na) and their implications are discussed.
Dairy technology and engineering
Proceedings of the 25th International Dairy Congress, Aarhus 21 - 24 September 1998. 2, Dairy science and technology
High leptin concentration in milk seems to reduce nursing and weight gain of young piglets
Antibiotics and milk
Silage extracts used to study the mode of action of silage inoculants in ruminants
Fundamentals of dairy science
Recent advances in silage microbiology
Fireweed, roseroot, Bergenia and chokeberry : joint research for supporting the herb production
Dental health in primary teeth after prevention of mother-child transmission of mutans streptococci : a historical cohort study on restorative visits and maternal prevention costs
Final report on investigations on the alleged goitrogenic properties of milk
Development Needs of the Dairy Farms in Kosovo
The milk fat globule : emulsion science as applied to milk products and comparable foods
This paper studies the structural development of farms with more than one hectare of arable land in northern Finland and explores the reasons behind the development. The paper relies mainly on agricultural census information and farm register statistics, focusing on the period after World War II.Agricultural settlement expanded in northern Finland well into the mid- 1960s due to active policy measures. The period of extensive rural population was short-lived, however. A number of unfavourable factors emerged roughly simultaneously and the number of active farms declined from nearly 60,000 in the 1960s to about 10,000 in 2000. Finland's entry into the EU in the mid-1990s gave further impetus to the development toward fewer but larger farms.Today, active farms are several times as large as their predecessors 40-50 years ago. About 50 percent of all active farms in northern Finland are dairy farms, whose impact is considerably larger than their mere number would suggest.
The milk sector has received much attention in Europe due to the abolition of milk quotas in 2015 and its potential effect on the geographical distribution of milk production across countries. As a way of assessing the competitive advantage of Nordic EU countries, we investigated the productivity level and productivity growth of milk farms across eight countries of the Baltic Sea region from 1995 to 2010. We found considerable discrepancy in the productivity performance of dairy farms across countries. TFP growth rates indicate that, at farm level, the competitive positions of the older EU members are stable, and that there is no catching up from the newer EU entrants. We offer explanations for this evolution based on the different patterns of structural change followed by the studied countries.
Pfizer cheese monographs. Vol. 4, Ripened semisoft cheeses
Milk and milk products : from medieval to modern times : proceedings of the Ninth International Conference on Ethnological Food Research, Ireland, 1992
Polyphasic taxonomic studies of lactic acid bacteria associated with non-fermented meats
Dairy goats feeding and nutrition
Analysis of bacterial growth in milk by the fluorometric B-glucuronidase assay
Benefits and potential risks of the lactoperoxidase system of raw milk preservation : report of an FAO/WHO technical meeting, FAO headquarters, Rome, 28 November - 2 December 2005.
Proceedings of the Symposium on Milk Synthesis, Secretion and Removal in Ruminants, at the University of Berne, School of Veterinary Medicine, Neues Lehrgebäude, Berne, Switzerland, April 26/27, 1996
Modern dairy technology. Vol. 1, Advances in milk processing
Dairy microbiology. Vol. 1, The microbiology of milk
Role of chemical and enzymatic modifications of milk proteins on emulsion stability/properties : approaches for more stable protein emulsions
Mastitis in dairy production : current knowledge and future solutions
Dairy processing handbook
Bovine colostral antibodies and selected lactobacilli as means to control gastrointestinal infections.
Milk : the quota system
The milk mustache book : a behind-the-scenes look at America's favourite advertising campaign
Advanced Dairy Chemistry. Vol. 2, Lipids
Pfizer cheese monographs. Vol. 6, Lactic starter culture technology
Lactic acid bacteria : microbiological and functional aspects
Phage-host interactions in Lactobacillus delbrueckii : host recognition and transcription of early phage genes
Changes in bacterial population and antimicrobial resistance during cold storage in conventional and organic raw milk
Improved enrichment cultivation of selected food-contaminating bacteria
Effects of and interactions between the extent of silage fermentation and protein and protein supplementation in lactating dairy cows
Standard methods for the examination of dairy products : microbiological and chemical
Principles of dairy science
Detection of bias in animal model pedigree indices of heifers
Lucerne and two maize crops were ensiled with and without Lactobacillus plantarum and fermented for 4 or 60 d to assess the effect of inoculant on in vitro rumen fermentation of the resulting silages. Water and 80% ethanol extracts of the silages were also analysed for effects on in vitro rumen fermentation. The inoculant affected lucerne silage characteristics but had little effect on the maize silages. In vitro fermentation of the silages showed few effects except increased microbial biomass yield (MBY) at 24 h in the inoculant-treated lucerne silages. In vitro fermentation of the lucerne silage water extracts produced no differences due to treatment except for reduced MBY in the inoculant-treated extracts. The ethanol extracts produced results inconsistent with the in vitro results of the silages. Consequently it appears that the factor in in vitro fermentation of inoculated silages causing increased MBY was in neither the water nor ethanol extracts.
What's in your milk? : an exposé of industry and government cover-up on the dangers of the genetically engineered (rBGH) milk you're drinking
The principles of modern dairy practice from a bacteriological point of view
ValioPeople : [bringing taste to life - the Valio employee magazine]
The use of mineral salt, herbs and spices in combination with isolated lactic acid bacteria strains in sauerkraut fermentation was studied. Mineral salt differs from ordinary salt because NaCl is partially replaced by KCl. The mineral salt contains 28% KCl and 57% NaCl. The final NaCl content in the sliced white cabbage mixture was 0.5%. In approximately 20 hours the pH dropped to the desired level. All the pressed sauerkraut juices had a good microbiological quality. The sensory quality of all pressed juices was found to be either good or acceptable.
Performance, carcass quality, and gastric alterations in fattening pigs fed additives containing formic acid either coated with sorbate or mixed with lactic acid
Proceedings of the 25th International Dairy Congress, Aarhus 21 - 24 September 1998. 1, Milk and health
Effects of clinical mastitis on milk yield in dairy cows
Milk testing : the laboratory control of milk
Effects of physical treatment of barley and rapeseed meal in dairy cows given grass silage-based diets
Milk and biopolitics : the emergence and re-conceptualization of food sovereignty in the raw milk movement as a means of resisting biopower
Characterisation of antibiotic-resistant psychrotrophic bacteria in raw milk
Fluid milk consumption and demand response to advertising for non-alcoholic beverages
Food science and product technology
Advances in food and nutrition research : volume 54
Composition and characteristics of goat milk: review 1968-1979
Ultrafiltration and reverse osmosis for the dairy industry
Procedures for testing pasteurization equipment
Lactation and the mammary gland
Handbook of food preservation
Use of inoculated lactic acid bacteria in fermenting sour cabbage
The effect of structure on the dilute solution properties of branched polysaccharides studied with SEC and AsFlFFF
Pfizer cheese monographs. Vol. 7, Blue-veined cheeses
The effects of three silage inoculants on aerobic stability in grass, clover-grass, lucerne and maize silages
Microbiota of an unpasteurised cellar-stored goat cheese from northern Sweden
Efficacy and safety of hydrolyzed cow milk and amino acid-derived formulas in infants with cow milk allergy
Milk : a local and global history
Comparison of part-time grazing and indoor silage feeding on milk production
The oxidative stability of lipids in milk and milk powder in relation to some pro- and antioxidants
Effect of lactic acid bacteria inoculants, formic acid, potassium sorbate and sodium benzoate on fermentation quality and aerobic stability of wilted grass silage
Standards for grades of dry milks including methods of analysis
Concentrate feeding and milk yield based on field data of milk recorded herds
Pure and compensated efficiency of Swedish dairy farms
Employment generation through small-scale dairy marketing and processing : experiences from Kenya, Bangladesh and Ghana : a joint study
"Updated with the substantial progress made in lactic acid and bacteria research since the third edition, this fourth volume discusses improved insights in genetics and new molecular biological techniques. Thoroughly reorganized, this book incorporates the recent changes in new molecular techniques and the mechanistic understanding of probiotic functionality. The book remains firmly grounded in the basics of lactic acid bacteria; their genetics and taxonomy, their application in food and feed preparation, their health properties, and the legal issues associated with their use"--Provided by publisher.
Microstructural principles of food processing & engineering
Cytotoxic lymphocytes in children's cow's milk sensitive enteropathy of delayed type
Effects of restriction of silage fermentation with formic acid on milk production
Effect of concentrate feeding strategy on the performance of dairy cows fed total mixed rations
The hygienic and economical problems in milk collection and marketing in Western Kenya
Devil in the milk : illness, health and politics : A1 and A2 milk
Appetite control : the role of food composition and structure
The objective of the study was to analyze how farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness contribute to profitability of farming. A structural equation model of these two elements of management capacity and financial performance was applied on survey data and bookkeeping results from 117 dairy farms. The model explained one-fourth of the varying profitability of sample farms. The results show that farmers' managerial thinking is connected to farm profitability, but management process effectiveness is not. It was concluded that it is essential for good performance that the farmer has a clear vision of developing farming with business and investment plans. Successful farmers also have a firm confidence in their managerial skills, a strong emphasis on instrumental and intrinsic values, and a high appreciation of farming as occupation. They also see the farm as an entrepreneurial business unit and intend to follow the corresponding principles of management.
Viability of Lactobacillus paraplantarum DSM 14485 in human gastrointestinal tract and its molecular and biochemical identification after fermented vegetable consumption
Bioactive components in milk and dairy products
Applied dairy microbiology
Inhibition of the proteinase activity in mastitic milk
Structure and macromolecular properties of Weissella confusa and Leuconostoc citreum dextrans with a potential application in sourdough
The biotechnology of lactic acid bacteria with emphasis on applications in food safety and human health
Advanced dairy chemistry. Vol. 2, Lipids
Gerber method for the determination of fat in milk products. 2, Methods
Estimation of genetic parameters for test-day milk production at different stages of lactation of Finnish Ayrshire heifers
Gerber method for the determination of fat in milk products. 1, Apparatus
Dairy chemistry and biochemistry
Payment systems for ex-farm milk
Exposure and human PCDD/F and PCB body burden in Finland
The objective of the study was to investigate the effects of homofermentative and heterofermentative lactic acid bacteria (LAB) inoculants on fermentation and aerobic stability in a variety of crops and dry matter concentrations. The experiments were conducted with lucerne, ryegrass, ryegrass-timothy, red clover-ryegrass and whole crop maize using three additives in laboratory scale conditions. Each treatment and crop was replicated 5 five times when determining the chemical composition and aerobic stability in the silage. The data were statistically analyzed as a randomized complete block by using the GLM procedure of SAS. Additive application reduced pH and formation of butyric acid, alcohols and ammonia-N in all crops compared with the untreated silage (p < 0.05). The use of additives increased the content of lactic acid except heterofermentative LAB in maize with 276 g kg-1 DM and increased the content of acetic acid except homofermentative LAB in ryegrass-timothy and maize with 276 g kg-1 DM compared with the untreated silage (p < 0.05). It was observed that the aerobic stability of silages was improved significantly (p < 0.05) by using homofermentative and heterofermentative LAB inoculants.
Handbook of food and beverage fermentation technology
Effect of heat denaturation of bovine milk beta-lactoglobulin on its epithelial transport and allergenicity
Encyclopedia of dairy sciences
The motor apparatus of the mammary gland
Isolation and characterisation of milk-derived bioactive peptides
Developments in dairy chemistry. 1, Proteins
Survey of studies on the sale and consumption of milk
The effect of Lactobacillus buchneri inoculation on the aerobic stability and fermentation characteristics of alfalfa-ryegrass, red clover and maize silage
Advanced dairy chemistry. Vol. 1, Proteins
Detection of mastitis and poor milk quality in automatic milking
Dairy research report 1994 : Hill Farm Research Station
Effects of gradual replacement of rapeseed cake with linseed cake in a grass silage-based diet for dairy cows
Development of bioluminescent sensor bacteria for the detection of tetracycline antibiotics
Milk testing and payment systems : resource book : a practical guide to assist milk producer groups
The technology and manufacture of fermented milks : a collection of lectures about fermented milks held by the FAO in association with Finland
Milk production from silage : comparison of grass, legume and maize silages and their mixtures
Bacteria in relation to the milk supply : a practical guide for the commercial bacteriologist
Introduction to automatic milking system in Finland : effect on milk quality
Pfizer cheese monographs. Vol. 3, Cottage cheese and other cultured milk products
British standard method for determination of the freezing-point depression of milk (Hortvet method)
Basic data on the structure and performance of the Nicaraguan dairy sector
Possibilities for improving the performance of the Nicaraguan dairy marketing system
Bovine milk TGF-β2, IGF-I and insulin in indirect heat treatments and filtration processes
This qualitative study reports on lactic acid bacteria (LAB), yeasts and moulds isolated from three artisanal Swedish cellar-stored goat cheeses aged for 1, 3 and 5 months. Starter culture LAB dominated in the younger cheeses, and Leuconostoc pseudomesenteroides, common in raw goats' milk, had persisted from the unpasteurised milk into all the cheeses. Non-starter LAB dominated in the 5 month cheese, in particular, Lactobacillus sakei, a meat-associated LAB not previously isolated from cheese. Debaryomyces hansenii, and Penicillium and Mucor species were dominant among the yeasts and moulds, respectively. The cheese rind was not formed primarily from Penicillium species as in traditional cheeses such as Camembert - rather, mycelium from Mucor mucedo contributed to rind formation. Mould species known to produce sterigmatocystin, aflatoxins or ochratoxin A in cheese were not isolated in this study; growth of mycotoxigenic Aspergilli may have been inhibited by the cool conditions in the earth-cellar (4-6 °C).
Manufacturing yogurt and fermented milks
Farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness as factors of financial success on Finnish dairy farms
Endothelial FasL in lymph nodes and in intestinal lymphatic tissue
Residues of antimicrobial drugs in milk
Silage contains a number of potential hazards to the safety and quality of milk and dairy products. This paper reviews the present knowledge about silage as a source of (1) spores of anaerobic spore-formers (Clostridium species) and aerobic spore-formers (mainly Bacillus and Paenibacillus species), (2) the zoonotic pathogenic bacteria Listeria monocytogenes and Escherichia coli, and (3) mycotoxins. A distinction is made between field-derived mycotoxins, i.e. mycotoxins that are formed during growth of crops in the field, and ensilage-derived mycotoxins, i.e. mycotoxins that are formed after ensiling. The routes of transmission of these hazards from feed to milk, the effect of pasteurization of milk, and reduction strategies are discussed. Aerobic deterioration of silages is a major factor influencing levels of spores of both aerobic and anaerobic spore-formers, L. monocytogenes, and certain mycotoxins.
"How did an animal product that spoils easily, carries disease, and causes digestive trouble for many of its consumers become a near-universal symbol of modern nutrition? In the first cultural history of milk, historian Deborah Valenze traces the rituals and beliefs that have governed milk production and consumption since its use in the earliest societies. Covering the long span of human history, Milk reveals how developments in technology, public health, and nutritional science made this once-rare elixir a modern-day staple. The book looks at the religious meanings of milk, along with its association with pastoral life, which made it an object of mystery and suspicion during medieval times and the Renaissance. As early modern societies refined agricultural techniques, cow's milk became crucial to improving diets and economies, launching milk production and consumption into a more modern phase. Yet as business and science transformed the product in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, commercial milk became not only a common and widely available commodity but also a source of uncertainty when used in place of human breast milk for infant feeding. Valenze also examines the dairy culture of the developing world, looking at the example of India, currently the world's largest milk producer. Ultimately, milk's surprising history teaches us how to think about our relationship to food in the present, as well as in the past. It reveals that although milk is a product of nature, it has always been an artifact of culture".
Food habits and related biomarkers in Pitkäranta, Russia, and North Karelia, Finland : trends and educational differences, 1992-2007
Occurrence of certain trace elements in cow's milk
Vero cytotoxin producing Escherichia coli O157:H7 infection in a 6-year-old child associated with consumption of unpasteurised milk
Influence of milk protein polymorphism on acidified milk gels : protein interaction and rheology
"After drawing its first breath, every newborn mammal turns his or her complete attention to obtaining milk. This primal act was once thought to stem from a basic fact: milk provides the initial source of calories and nutrients for all mammalian young. But it turns out that milk is a much more complicated biochemical cocktail and provides benefits beyond nutrition. In this fascinating book, biologists Michael L. Power and Jay Schulkin reveal this liquid's evolutionary history and show how its ingredients have changed over many millions of years to become a potent elixir. Power and Schulkin walk readers through the early origins of the mammary gland and describe the incredible diversification of milk among the various mammalian lineages. After revealing the roots of lactation, the authors describe the substances that naturally occur in milk and discuss their biological functions. They reveal that mothers pass along numerous biochemical signals to their babies through milk. The authors explain how milk boosts an infant's immune system, affects an infant's metabolism and physiology, and helps inoculate and feed the baby's gut microbiome. Throughout the book, the authors weave in stories from studies of other species, explaining how comparative research sheds light on human lactation. The authors then turn their attention to the fascinating topic of cross-species milk consumption--something only practiced by certain humans who evolved an ability to retain lactase synthesis into adulthood. The first book to discuss milk from a comparative and evolutionary perspective, Power and Schulkin's masterpiece reveals the rich biological story of the common thread that connects all mammals"--
Measurement of conjugated linoleic acid and other fatty acids from serum and diet : results from the Finnish Mobile Clinic Health Examination Survey
A proteomic view of probiotic Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG
Principles of dairy chemistry
Supply management by government in agriculture : proceedings of the 12th symposium of the European Association of Agricultural Economists (EAAE) May 26th-29th, 1986, Espoo, Finland
Dairy research report 1990 : Hill Farm Research Station
Plant proteins in fermented milk products
Devil in the milk  : illness, health and politics : A1 and A2 milk
"After drawing its first breath every newborn mammal turns his or her complete attention to obtaining milk. This simple act was once thought to stem from a basic fact - milk provides the initial source of calories and nutrients for all mammalian young. That truth, however, is only a piece of the story. Milk, it turns out, is an extremely complex biochemical cocktail. The authors of this fascinating book, biologists Michael L. Power and Jay Schulkin, reveal milk's ancient history and show how the ingredients of mother's milk have evolved over many mammalian generations. Power and Schulkin walk us through the evolutionary origins of the mammary gland and describe the incredible diversification of milk among the various mammalian lineages, culminating in a discussion of the history of humans and milk. Once the roots of lactation are revealed, the authors describe the long list of substances that naturally occur in milk. They discuss all of the biological functions of milk - functions that reach far beyond being a baby's first food. Mothers, it turn out, pass along numerous biochemical signals to their babies through milk. The authors describe how milk boosts an infant's immune system, affects an infant's metabolism and physiology, and even helps inoculate and feed the baby's gut microbiome. Throughout the book the authors weave in stories from studies of other species, explaining how comparative research sheds light on human lactation. The authors then turn their attention to the fascinating topic of cross-species milk consumption"--
Milk : the biology of lactation
An overview of silage research in Finland : from ensiling innovation to advances in dairy cow feeding
Silage and the safety and quality of dairy foods : a review
Occurrence of emetic toxin producing Bacillus cereus in the dairy production chain
The high rates of rumen fermentation, physical breakdown and passage rates from the rumen of legume silages lead to higher intakes than for grass silages of comparable digestibility. Although total tract digestibilities for legume silages and maize silages are often lower than for grass silages, milk yields are usually higher. A further benefit of legumes and maize is the reduced rate of decline in digestibility. Legume silages often lead to a reduction in milk fat concentration and increased levels of polyunsaturated fatty acids, 18:2 n-6 and 18:3 n-3. This latter effect is related to reduced rumen biohydrogenation as a consequence of increased rumen passage rates or the effects of polyphenol oxidase. There is quite a wide range of maturities (300 - 350 g kg-1 DM) that leads to maximum dry matter intakes and milk production from maize silage; milk production is reduced with immature or over-mature maize crops. Forage chop length exerts a number of effects, both in the silo and in the rumen, but effects on rumen function, feed intake and milk production have been inconsistent. The high protein content and high N degradability of most legume silages is associated with a low efficiency of converting dietary N into milk N, with a concomitant increase in urine N. Reducing N intake by inclusion of maize silage in mixtures with legume silages leads to a marked reduction in urine N without loss of production potential. It is predicted, on the basis of their chemical composition and rumen kinetics, that legume silages and maize silages would reduce methane production relative to grass silage, though in vivo measurements are lacking. Extensive fermentation in the silo reduces the amount of fermentable substrate, and reduced methane production in comparison with grass silage where fermentation had been restricted by high levels of acid additive.
Dairy chemistry and physics
Microbial protein synthesis, digestion and lactation responses of cows to grass or grass-red clover silage diet supplemented with barley or oats
Milk and dairy products in human nutrition
Effects of composite casein and [beta]-lactoglobulin genotypes on renneting properties and composition of bovine milk by assuming an animal model
Abstract: Testing of probiotic properties of four Lactobacillus amylovorus  strains. In this study the aim was to find out if four Lactobacillus amylovorus strains from porcine intestine have probiotic properties. The adhesion properties of lactobacilli to porcine gastrointestinal tract mucins and the potency to inhibit adhesion of enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli were tested. Enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli can cause post-weaning diarrhea in piglets. The disease can lead to reduced growth rate in the piglets and even to death which causes economic losses in pig production farms.    The adhesion of the lactobacilli on porcine intestinal mucus was tested with both commercial mucins from porcine stomach and with mucus isolated from the porcine intestine. Lactobacilli were labeled by fluorochrome SYTO9 and the fluorescence of the adhered lactobacilli was measured. The inhibitory effects of the lactobacilli on the adhesion of Escherichia coli to a porcine intestinal epithelial cell line (IPEC-1) were determined by measuring the amount of adhering Escherichia coli after the incubation with lactobacilli. Four different procedures were used in which when the lactobacilli were added before, after or at the same time with the Escherichia coli. Each procedure was repeated at least three times. Escherichia coli was labeled by tritiated thymidine and the radioactivity of the samples was measured by liquid scintillation.    The Lactobacillus strains did adhere to all three types of mucins, but repeated tests gave different results. The strains adhered better to commercial mucins from porcine stomach than to the mucus isolated from porcine intestine. One of the four Lactobacillus strains did inhibit the adhesion of enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli but its inhibitory effect was weak. The rest of the Lactobacillus strains did not inhibit the adhesion of the pathogen.
Genetic variation and evolution among industrially important <em>Lactobacillus</em> bacteriophages
Reconstitution of mastitic milk by adding blood plasma and leukocytes into low cell count milk
Principles and practice of milk hygiene
Lactation : a comprehensive treatise. Vol. 2, Biosynthesis and secretion of milk / Diseases
Guide to good dairy farming practice
Dairy research report 1988 : Hill Farm Research Station
On the peptic digestibility of some infant milks and milk mixtures in vitro
Microbiology of normal milk
Advanced Dairy Chemistry. Vol. 3, Lactose, water, salts and minor constituents
Recent advances in silage microbiology are reviewed. Most new techniques in silage microbiology use the polymerase chain reaction (PCR) to make copies of a portion of the DNA in microorganisms. These techniques allow us to identify and quantify species as well as do community analysis. The PCR-based techniques are uncovering new species, both bacteria and fungi, during storage and feeding. Silage inoculants are widely available, but of greater interest has been research investigating why inoculants are so successful. Various inoculant strains have been found to produce bacteriocins and other compounds that inhibit other bacteria and fungi, improving their chances for success. In vitro ruminal fermentation research is showing that some inoculated silages affect rumen microorganisms, reducing methane in some cases and increasing microbial biomass production in others. Better understanding of silage microbiology will allow us to better manage silos and develop better inoculants to improve silage quality.
Applying holistic indicators to assess dairy farm efficiency is essential for sustainable milk production. Data Envelopment Analysis (DEA) has been instrumental for the calculation of such indicators. However, 'additive' DEA models have been rarely used in dairy research. This study presented an additive model known as slacks-based measure (SBM) of efficiency and its advantages over DEA models used in most past dairy studies. First, SBM incorporates undesirable outputs as actual outputs of the production process. Second, it identifies the main production factors causing inefficiency. Third, these factors can be 'priced' to estimate the cost of inefficiency. The value of SBM for efficiency analyses was demonstrated with a comparison of four contrasting dairy management systems in terms of technical and environmental efficiency. These systems were part of a multiple-year breeding and feeding systems experiment (two genetic lines: select vs. control; and two feeding strategies: high forage vs. low forage, where the latter involved a higher proportion of concentrated feeds) where detailed data were collected to strict protocols. The select genetic herd was more technically and environmentally efficient than the control herd, regardless of feeding strategy. However, the efficiency performance of the select herd was more volatile from year to year than that of the control herd. Overall, technical and environmental efficiency were strongly and positively correlated, suggesting that when technically efficient, the four systems were also efficient in terms of undesirable output reduction. Detailed data such as those used in this study are increasingly becoming available for commercial herds through precision farming. Therefore, the methods presented in this study are growing in importance..
Milk protein polymorphism : proceedings of the IDF Seminar held in Palmerston North, New Zealand, February 1997
Animal food production
Proceedings of the 2nd International Symposium on Mastitis and Milk Quality, 13-15 September, 2001, Vancouver, Canada
Dairy technology 1
Use of residue contanining raw milk as feed : risk assessment on antimicrobial drug residues and hazard identification of pathogens
Competitiveness of Dairy Farms In Northern Europe: A Cross-Country analysis
The non-drinker's drink book
Expression of lactate transporters MCT1, MCT2, MCT4 and the ancillary protein CD147 in horse muscle and red blood cells
Contribution of modern biotechnology of lactic acid bacteria to development of health-promoting foods
Composition of milk
In this work was evaluated the effect of lactic acid treatment method in pork Serratus ventralis muscle on meat quality parameters pH, color, weight loss, cooking loss, hardness, and taste.  The treatment was performed by immersing the sample in lactic acid solutions at two concentrations (1 and 3% v v⁻¹) for 1 and 3 min., immediately the samples were stored at 4 °C during 7 days. The taste was evaluated employing trained and untrained judges.  Only hardness, weight loss and cooking loss, were affected by lactic acid concentration (p<0.05). The perception of lactic acid taste to trained judges was higher in samples of major concentration and immersion time. To untrained judges the sample treated with 3% lactic acid for 1 minute, had the best acceptation. Both judges reported that the taste of meat was delicious. Therefore, lactic acid treatment may be an alternative to extend pork shelf life.
Feeding concentrates : supplements for dairy cows
Milk in nutrition : effects of production and processing factors : proceedings of NJF/NMR-seminar no. 252, Turku, Finland, January 13-15, 1995
The high pressure dairy homogenizer
Milk and milk products
Sward and milk production response to early turnout of dairy cows to pasture in Finland
Factors affecting secretion and surface display of heterologous proteins in Lactococcus lactis
Variation in milk protein composition : Studies on K-casein and β-lactobulin genetic polymorphism and on milk plasmin
Bubbles in food 2 : novelty, health, and luxury
Impact of iron fortification of milk formulas on infants growth and health
Moonlighting proteins of lactobacillus crispatus : extracellular localization, cell wall anchoring and interactions with the host
Aerobic spoilage of silages occurs frequently and is undesirable because it reduces both its nutritive and hygienic quality. Silage inoculants containing heterofermentative lactic acid bacteria, like Lactobacillus buchneri, have already been proven to improve aerobic stability by augmented production of acetic acid, which inhibits yeasts. In this study, the effect of L. buchneri on fermentation characteristics and aerobic stability of alfalfa-ryegrass silage, red clover silage and maize silage was assessed using microsilos. Two dosages, 1×105 and 3×105 cfu g-1 of fresh matter, were compared to untreated control silage. Inoculation with L. buchneri clearly altered the fermentation characteristics of alfalfa-ryegrass and red clover silage, resulting in a significantly higher aerobic stability at both dosages. The effects of L. buchneri inoculation on maize silage were less clear, but nevertheless the aerobic stability of maize silage inoculated with 1×105 cfu g-1 of fresh matter was significantly higher compared to the untreated silage.
Fundamentals of dairy chemistry
Because of the climatic conditions, the Finnish milk production research has focused to improve the utilisation of grassland, mainly as conserved forages. The main research areas have been ensiling, evaluation of the forage feeding value, predicting nutrient supply from grass silage-based diet and the effects of forage quality and concentrate supplementation on milk production responses. Due to changes in ensiling technologies and variety of forage crops new silage additives have been adopted. A centralized system for the analysis of forage energy value is based on NIRS calibration. It was calibrated against in vitro pepsin-cellulase solubility method that was validated against in vivo digestibility. The concentration of indigestible neutral detergent fibre was found to be a useful parameter both in empirical models predicting forage digestibility and mechanistic rumen models predicting the amounts of absorbed nutrients. Models predicting relative intake potential of forages and total diet were developed, and an intake model combining animal and diet effects independently of each other was developed. Using meta-analysis approaches a nutrient response model was developed for dairy cows for milk, energy corrected milk and protein yield.  Feed evaluation, intake and nutrient response models form now the basis of practical Finnish ration formulation system that can optimize diets according to maximum income over feed cost in addition to minimum feed cost.
Boron fertilisation of organically managed grass-clover swards on coarse-textured soils: effects on botanical and element composition
Biochemistry of lactation
The influence of management routines on endocrine systems involved in the control of lactation in dairy cattle
Serum amyloid A in serum and milk in experimentally induced bovine CNS mastitis
Antiadhesive molecules in milk and berries against respiratory pathogens
Milk quality
