http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10604 germination
germination
Murder on the Orient Express
Enhancing germination in seeds of African star apple, Chrysophyllum albidum (G. Don)
Palestinian militants in the prisons of the Zionist occupation
The germination of seeds
Seed germination and seedling growth of Suaeda salsa under salt stress
Studies on moss spores. 1, The triglycerides of Polytrichum commune spores and their mobilization and degradation in relation to the germination phases
Germination characteristics of autumn collected Pinus sylvestris seeds
Seed dormancy and germination
The ecology of seeds
Seed technology and its biological basis
Emergence and survival of Populus tremula seedlings under varying moisture conditions
Folates in rye : determination and enhancement by food processing
Release and germination of basidiospores of Melampsora pinitorqua (Braun) Rostr. and M. larici-tremulae Kleb. at various temperatures
Recent advances in the development and germination of seeds
Palestinians and human rights : a study of conditions in the occupied Arab territories
Seeds : biology, development and ecology
Coeliac disease-inducing gluten : in vitro harmfulness and detoxification by germinating cereal enzymes
United Nations resolutions on the Palestine question
The Arab-Israeli conflict : a historical, political, social, and military bibliography
A night on the Orient Express
Germination of weed seeds and competition in stands of weeds and barley : influences of mineral nutrients
Generative reproduction in Allium oleraceum (Alliaceae)
Structural and seasonal aspects on the imbibition and germination of northern conifer seeds
Molecular regulation of embryo development in Norway spruce
Seed viability and vigour play important roles in seedling emergence, plant stand establishment and yield potential. The majority of cereal fields in Finland are typically sown with farm saved seed (FSS). If the quality of the seed is not known, there can be insidious yield reduction. This research was conducted to study the effects of seed quality on seedling emergence rate, seedling number and yielding capacity. The study comprised three-year field experiments conducted during 2007-2009, established at three sites: Jokioinen, Nousiainen and Ylistaro. Spring barley cultivars Saana (2007) and Annabell (2008-2009) were sown at rate of 500 germinating seeds m-2. Five seed lots were included as treatments: farm saved seed (FSS); downgraded seed <2.5 mm (FSS<2.5 mm); upgraded seed >2.7 mm (FSS>2.7 mm); upgraded seed >2.7 mm with disinfection (FSS>2.7 mm + dis); and commercial certified seed with disinfection (CCS). Up- and down-graded seed lots (FSS<2.5 mm, FSS>2.7 mm, and FSS>2.7 mm + dis) all originated from the FSS. Seedling emergence rate was measured from the time when coleoptiles started to break through the soil surface. The number of seedlings (3 × 1 m row per plot) was recorded at five-day intervals four times from the same rows. Plots were harvested at physiological maturity and grain yield (kg ha-1), hectolitre weight (HLW, kg) single grain weight (SGW, mg) and grain protein content (%) were recorded. Seed lots of CCS and FSS>2.7 mm + dis enhanced seedling emergence rate and increased the number of plants compared with other treatments. These two seed lots also produced the highest grain yield and had the lowest grain protein. Seed quality had an apparent effect on plant stand establishment and grain yield. A seed lot effect was evident despite identical targeted sowing rates that took into account germination rate and seed weight. Therefore, differences in seedling emergence and yielding capacity were likely outcomes of variation in seed vigour among the five treatments.
Birch (Betula pubescens) germination and seedling growth on raised bogs : role of substrate types and nutrient availability
The iron wall : Israel and the Arab World
"The story of how 40 years of violence and terror were used by Zionists to achieve the transformation of Palestine into a Jewish state." / WorldCat.
[Abstract].
Green manure extracts as stimulators and inhibitors of germination of barley and oat
Water penetration sites in the testa of soybeans (Glycine max L Merril) during seed imbibition
An ecological study on effects of shelters on germination and germling development of Scots pine, Norway spruce and Siberian larch
The Eastern Orthodox church
Aseptic germination of seeds of Northern Terrestrial orchids
Temperature tolerance of invigorated seeds of Pinus sylvestris L. and Picea abies (L.) Karst. using the TTGP-test
Changes in protein spectra of germinating seeds of the Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) at different temperatures
Frost hardening and risk of a second flush in Norway spruce seedlings after an early-season short-day treatment
X-ray radiography of ageing Scots pine seeds
Physiology of seed deterioration : proceedings of a symposium sponsored by Divisions C-2 and C-4 of the Crop Science Society of America in Las Vegas, NV, 28 Nov. 1984
Germination of ornamental plant seeds : 22nd International horticultural congress, Davis, California, USA, August 12, 1986
How to understand Israel in 60 days or less
Abstract: Observations on the germination of foreign conifers in Finland.
Christianity : a history in the MIddle East
Plant growth substances : principles and applications
Seed development, dormancy and germination
Light from the East : a symposium on the Oriental Orthodox and Assyrian Churches
First class murder : a murder most unladylike mystery
The Church of the East : apostolic and orthodox
Molecular, biochemical and physiological aspects of plant respiration
A framework for modelling the annual cycle of trees in boreal and temperate regions
Impact of temperature and germination time on the success of a C4 weed in a C3 crop : Amaranthus retroflexus and spring barley
The women's role in the Palestine national struggle
Effects of haulm killing and gibberellic acid on seed potato (Solanum tuberosum L.) and techniques for micro- and minituber production in northern latitudes
Barley : genetics, biochemistry, molecular biology and biotechnology
The Judaization of Jerusalem
Elevation in temperatures due to climate change could promote the invasion by C4 weed species of arable fields in the boreal region, which are dominated by C3 crops. The success of Amaranthus retroflexus L. (a C4 weed) in spring barley (a C3 crop) was studied at current and elevated temperatures (3°C difference) in a greenhouse experiment in southern Finland. The competition treatments included no competition and four levels of competition with barley, differing in terms of germination time. The success of A. retroflexus was measured as growth (height and biomass) and seed production (number and biomass). Elevation in temperature enhanced seed production of A. retroflexus, but the impact on growth was minor (only difference in plant height in one treatment). The growth and seed production of A. retroflexus in competition with barley was minimal although the growth of barley decreased with the rise in temperature. The results indicate that climate change could improve growth of a C4 weed such as A. retroflexus, but it is unlikely to succeed in spring barley.
A study of factors affecting germination, establishment, and competition of the turfgrass species red fescue (Festuca rubra L. spp. litoralis Vasey), perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.), and Kentucky bluegrass (Poa pratensis L.)
Stamboul train
P.L.O : ideology, positions and deeds
Phellinus species on Betula : mating tests, RFLP analysis of enzymatically amplified rDNA, and relations to Phellinus alni
State of terror : how terrorism created modern Israel
Germination of ancient seeds : floristical observations and experiments with archaeologically dated soil samples
Early Egyptian Christianity : from its origins to 451 C.E
Seeds : ecology, biogeography, and evolution of dormancy and germination
Cursed victory : a history of Israel and the occupied territories
Allelopathy : ecological significance and dependence on target plant density in monocultures
Preharvest field sprouting in cereals
Summary.
Seed banks of river delta meadows on the west coast of Finland
Proceedings of the ISTA Forest Tree and Shrub Seed Committee Workshop, Prague-Průhonice, Czech Republic, October 20-22, 2003
Christianity in the Middle East : studies in modern history, theology and politics
Seeds : physiology of development and germination
Conidial germination initiation in the fungal antagonist Trichoderma harzianum (atroviride) P1 in the context of biological control of plant disease = Betydning av spirigaktivisering i den antagonistiske soppen Trichoderma harzianum (atroviride) P! for biologisk kontroll av plantesykdommer
The dapper detective Hercule Poirot, for whom murder-solving is a precise, intellectual exercise, agrees to interview all aboard the famous train's Calais coach, hoping to find the killer of an American millionaire before the local police arrive.
Seed germination ecology of the perennial Euphorbia boetica, an endemic spurge ot the southern Iberian Peninsula
Effect of sowing depth on emergence, growth and yield of okra (Abelmoschus esculentus (L.) Moench)
Germination and phenolic acid content in determination of compost maturity
Avian seed ingestion changes germination patterns of bilberry, Vaccinium myrtillus
In vitro studies on pollen germination and pollen tube growth in maize
Interaction of prechilling, temperature, osmotic stress, and light in Picea abies seed germination
Handbuch der Pflanzenphysiologie = Encyclopedia of plant physiology. Bd. 16, Aussenfaktoren in Wachstum und Entwicklung
Seeds : the ecology of regeneration in plant communities
Effects of haulm killing and gibberellic acid on seed potato (<em>Solanum tuberosum L.</em>) and techniques for micro- and minituber production in northern latitudes
Effect of pretreatments on germination of seeds of the medicinal plant Enautia chlorantha Oliv
Seed quality effects on seedling emergence, plant stand establishment and grain yield in two-row barley
Principles of seed science and technology
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Seed Enhancement and Seedling Production Technology : Seoul, Korea, August 13-19, 2006
Mikrobit muokkaavat ohramaltaan ominaisuuksia = Microbes in the tailoring of barley malt properties
Natural regeneration dynamics of Pinus merkusii : field studies in Ban Wat Chan, northern Thailand
Differential expression of aspartic and cysteine proteinases, glutamine synthetase, and a stress protein, HVA1, in germinating barley
Germinability of Norway spruce and scots pine pollen exposed to open air
Handbook of seed technology for genebanks. Vol. 1, Principles and methodology
Long-term experiments with acid rain in Norwegian forest ecosystems
My promised land : the triumph and tragedy of Israel
Physiology of seeds: an introduction to the experimental study of seed and germination problems
Water treatment in enhancing germination and seedling elongation of leafy vegetable in soilless culture
The general's son : journey of an Israeli in Palestine
Forest tree seed quality determination based on enzyme activities
Seed moisture content during chilling and heat stress effects after chilling on the germination of common alder and downy birch seeds
Effects of seed size and habitat on recruitment patterns in grassland and forest plants
Polymer coated turnip rape seed did not facilitate early broadcast sowing under Finnish growing conditions
Ball culture guide : The encyclopedia of seed germination
Collecting, processing and germinating seed of wildland plants
Germination ecology of the boreal-alpine terrestrial orchid Dactylorhiza lapponica (Orchidaceae)
Germination ecology of Galeopsis bifida (Lamiaceae) as a pioneer species in forest succesion
