http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10628 visibility
visibility
Marketing Strategy for a Software Company : Focus on Creating Visibility for Services
Queer presences and absences
Open government data: legal, economical, and semantic web aspects
Value co-creation through transparent buyer-supplier relationships : a case study in the supply network of industrial machinery manufacturer
Making YouTube Videos
Customer satisfaction and visibility research for Kajaanin Hokki
Learn the secrets that search engines like and move your Web site to the top! What good is a great-looking Web site if your target audience can't find it? Make the most of social networking, get cool sites to link to yours, track your progress, and more!
Reflecting visual ethnography : using the camera in anthropological research
Abstract.
Social media marketing for dummies
Art and visibility in migratory culture : conflict, resistance, and agency
Social media in the public sector field guide : designing and implementing strategies and policies
What can the Finnish food chain be proud of? Views on value added factors in the Finnish food chain.
The attractiveness of rural tourism destinations in the Republic of Karelia and Eastern Finland
Codes of ethics in the age of sponsored content
The paradox of openness : transparency and participation in nordic cultures of consensus
Contesting media power : alternative media in a networked world
The invisible librarian : a librarian's guide to increasing visibility and impact
Between tradition and the future : Finnish design in the 90s
Google Analytics
We introduce a model of price competition with endogenous market transparency, where it is costly for consumers to get informed about the announced prices. We show that there is symmetric mixed strategy equilibrium with a monotonic relationship between the degree of transparency and intensity of competition. Interestingly, we find that there exist multiple equilibria with zero, low and high levels of market transparency with the high level of market transparency being the stable equilibrium. Once comparing the stable equilibrium with the welfare maximizing one we find that the private market solution entails excessive investments in information acquisition. That is, at high levels of transparency the gain of consumers from increased transparency is smaller than the loss in the firms' profits leading to decrease in total welfare.
"Would I run the pub if I won the Lottery? No." : a study on how ordinary people are constructed and described in British supplement magazines
Use social media to find your dream job! : how to use LinkedIn, Google+, Facebook, Twitter and other social media in your job search
Development of mobile phone manufacturing : developing visibility in order-delivery process
Digital decisions : how digital signage networks generate profit
The social employee : how great companies make social media work
Klout matters : how to engage customers, boost your digital influence - and raise your Klout score for success
"Seen a cop lately?" : Finnish citizens' perceptions of the police
Queering the gallery : in search of counter-normative curatorial strategies
Get to the top on Google : tips and techiques to get your site to the top of the search engine rankings - and stay there
The art of SEO
Promotional tools of Internet : a starting point for energizing Finnish golfers to create traffic
Outsmarting Google
Multi-band polarization imaging and applications
Digital Afterlife  : A General Overview
Stand out social marketing : 6 keys to rise above the noise, differentiate your brand and build an outstanding online presence
The regime of visibility
Natural resource governance and EITI implementation in Nigeria
The main objective of the study is to provide insight on how digital signage can create benefit and what can be done with the content to ensure its efficiency. Digital signage is a relatively new form of digital communication. Digital signage networks consists of displays, a content storage devices (media player), and some mechanism to manage and upload the content that appears on displays. The study is assigned by a Finnish digital signage solution developer and provider company First Technology Ltd. The company strives to alleviate the uncertainty of potential customers that are yet uncertain of the benefits of deploying a digital signage system by providing solid, fact-based answers, and by creating guidelines for efficient use of the network. Digital signage ROI is studied and measured by defining the profits of selling advertising space with a desk study. The effect of digital content to buying behavior is researched by an action research promotion study conducted in April 2012 with TOK Wine & Deli coffee shop and Sokos Wiklund displays. Some international studies have been made of digital signage effect on sales (such as Walmart SMART or Neo's Copp Pronto TV results), which will be taken into consideration to answer the questions of how to create better ROI for a digital signage system. The criteria behind effective digital signage content is studied with a content analysis executed with a web-based 3M Visual Attention Service software to analyze the effect of still images that are used on digital displays within selected FirstView customers. There are no similar studies made of usage and benefits of digital signage within the Finnish markets and within Finnish companies. The lack of studies is a disadvantage itself, but it also effects on the companies willingness to deploy and engage digital signage solutions as a part of their communication strategies. The study is limited to converse only on content production, digital signage ROI, and the effect of digital signage to buying behavior. The study does not take a stance on the actual hardware used, the amount, size, or type of the displays, or how and where the system is physically installed or who manages the content, which form of content is used, or which products are promoted on screens. As more institutions and companies come to realize the potential of digital signage network, their use will proliferate resulting that good and even great quality content will evidently get better. This study amongst others within the industry and topic of DS profitability and content efficiency verify the advantages of investing in a digital signage network and using its full capabilities in order to gain profits.
Open government : [collaboration, transparency, and participation in practice]
"Transparency is a powerful attribute in design, carrying a personality that can be as glaring as hues. It extends and limits vision, spawns a sense of presence and absence and conceals and reveals content, luring viewers into exploring what lies beneath and beyond. Whether it is a tangible element or a conceptual idea that deceives the eyes, it is this beguiling layer that can make all the difference. As the latest addition to the well-loved colour-themed collection PALETTE, PALETTE No.6: Transparent kicks off the new cycle of design practice where visibility is called into question. In three sections sorted by opacity, transparency and then everything in between, this book unveils the mutable visual experiences of transparency and how they can be achieved through the inventive use of materials, paper and printing. Encompassing brand identities, product packaging, photography as well as installations, the 110 select works demonstrate how transparency is interpreted anew in design"--Publisher's description.
On the infra ordinary
Lake Taihu, China : dynamics and environmental change
Transparent hemicellulose-DWCNT electrode
New media - new norms : transparency in Finnish online journalism
Internet presence guidelines and effective website design for the hospitality SME segment
From pure visibility to virtual reality in an age of estrangement / John Adkins Richardson
The findability formula : the easy, non-technical approach to search engine marketing
Tiivistelmä: Sponsorships in the Helsinki Formula One Grand Prix.
This book introduces the optical multi-band polarization imaging theory and the utilization of the multi-band polarimetric information for detecting the camouflage object and the optical hidden marker, and enhancing the visibility in bad weather and water. The book describes systematically and in detail the basic optical polarimetry theory; provides abundant multi-band polarimetric imaging experiment data; and indicates practical evaluation methods for designing the multi-band polarization imager, for analyzing and modeling the object's multi-band polarization characteristics, and for enhancing the vision performance in scattering media. This book shows the latest research results of multi-band polarimetric vision, especially in camouflage object detection, optical hidden marker detection and multi-band polarimetric imagery fusion.
Transparency in textiles
The hospitality industry has greatly benefited from the evolution of the Web into an effective marketing tool. The business implications of internet presence in the hospitality industry have never been as evident as it is now. Regarded as simply another marketing channel for large chains, a well constructed Website can help level out competition, enabling small to medium sized enterprise hotels to attract a wider spectrum of visitors.  The Website design for a SME hospitality establishment is increasingly important as consumers have gradually begun to apply quality perceptions to the company in correspondence with the overall image of its website. For an SME establishment to fully benefit from having a website, management will need to understand the requirements of potential visitors and the optimal design characteristics to create the appropriate perceptions.  The thesis introduces the basics of usability in website design and the existing usability of SME hospitality Websites. It analyses Websites and examines the theory of hidden and visible website design and usability, which comprise an overall image. It compares the above factors to the Website design competence of hospitality managers and their success in properly achieving a meaningful and beneficial internet presence.  The findings support the hypothesis established prior to the research; the reason for the gap between hospitality managers' competence and actual perceived qualities of SME hospitality websites is lack of understanding of the possibilities and basics of website design and usability.
The power of the media and how to measure it : a client guide to media evaluation
Promoting and marketing events : theory and practice
UNESCO World Heritage Sites : self-published visual content in social media
Atomic light (shadow optics)
The Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (EITI) in Cameroon : realities and prospects
Sponsorships in the Helsinki Formula One Grand Prix
The degree of transparency in the Finnish real estate market compared to Sweden and UK
Lean Six Sigma Method Applied for Increasing Transparency : Case: Company X Optimizing the Repairing Process in the Production Line
This paper is an overview on the Open Government Data (OGD) environment in the EU. It aims to point out the relevant legal issues together with the economic aspects arising from the disclosure and exploitation of OGD. Therefore, the paper highlights the noteworthy technological aspects related with the opening of OGD datasets. This survey is based on an interdisciplinary approach. Interdisciplinarity in the digital environment means that OGD should be considered as an integrated, interoperable and collaborative ecosystem. The main legislative source taken into account for the survey is the Directive 2003/98/EC on the re-use of public sector information as recently amended by the Directive 37/2013/EU..
Marketing analysis for a small business - efficient marketing visibility : case study for Minnan Kangasaitta
Think before you engage : 100 questions to ask before starting a social media marketing campaign
Intelligent and adaptive lighting in retail environment
Inbound marketing : get found using Google, social media, and blogs
Opening Archive : at the Ateneum Museum's library [mikrotallenne] / Axel Straschnoy
In their Natural Resource Governance and EITI Implementation in Nigeria, Musa Abutudu and Dauda Garuba provide the most up-to-date and in-depth analysis of the Nigerian Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (NEITI), providing a balanced yet critical evaluation of its performance, limitations and potential as an institution for helping Africa's largest oil exporter to escape the so called resource curse and lay a firm basis for sustainable development. This Current African Issue contains valuable insights and information that will be of interest to all those with a keen interest in institutionalising transparency and accountability in natural resource governance in Africa.
The market for learning : leading transparent higher education
Website visibility : the theory and practice of improving rankings
Search engine optimization : an hour a day
The transparency of the banking industry and the efficiency of information-based bank runs
Climate change and the media
A complete must-read guide for anyone wanting to turn their hobby, craft or art skills into a successful business. Covering everything you ever wanted to know, Fiona gives clear, simple advice on the importance of identifying markets, focusing on a USP, assessing the competition, making sure the price is right and setting goals. The book includes sections on product photography, branding. and legal matters. The book has particular emphasis on online selling, with detailed information on markets, blogging, using social media and the importance of analytics and SEO (search engine optimisation). Information on offline selling is included too, with notes on on selling at craft fairs, trade fairs and markets, selling through retail outlets, running courses and workshops, and featuring work in the media.
Search engine optimization : your visual blueprintTM for effective Internet marketing
Transparency of interest intermediation in the European Parliament : a case study on REACH
Studies of satellite-based tracking systems for improving law enforcement : comprising investigation data, digital evidence and monitoring of legality
Abstracts in Finnish and in Russian.
Conspicuity of beacons for emergency vehicles
Finnish science in international comparison : a bibliometric analysis
Endogenous market transparency and price competition
The night driving legibility effects of dirt on road signs
Distributed leadership and the visibility/invisibility paradox in on-line communities
Your Google game plan for success : increasing your web presence with Google Adwords, Analytics and Website Optimizer
Social media in the public sector : a guide to participation, collaboration, and transparency in the networked world
Brand raising : how nonprofits raise visibility and money through smart communications
Creating web pages for Foto Art Studio
Craft a creative business : making & marketing a successful creative business
Translator's paratextual visibility : a case study of the Finnish translation of Mimi Sheraton's The seducer's cookbook
Transparent and conducting thin film materials
"The toughest season in the White House:" the rhetorical presidency and the State of the Union Address from 1953 to 1992
Transparency in politics and the media : accountability and open government
Beyond branding : how the new values of transparency and integrity are changing the world of brands
Marketing made easy
The purpose of this thesis was to analyze the store's advertising visibility in different media and channels, identify possible development needs in marketing message and clarify the geographical customer segments of Minnan Kangasaitta. The goal of this research was to get reliable information on where the customers of Minnan Kangasaitta are from, what they buy and what kind of services they expect to get and how they have noticed the Minnan Kangasaitta's advertisement in different media. This helps in marketing planning and marketing media selection in the future The theory part of this research focuses on marketing and advertising, customer segmentation, customer behaviour and distribution channel structure. The target was to focus on subjects that are useful on a practical level, and are used and recommended to be used by Minnan Kangasaitta Valkeakoski. The work order in this thesis was to first to research the current situation in marketing activities and investigate the marketing visibility from the customers' point of view. The second step was to analyze development areas and finally make change proposals. The customer satisfaction and advertising visibility survey was carried out as a quantitative survey; answers were collected in the Minnan Kangasaitta store in Valkeakoski in December 2009. The results of the survey gave valuable information on the customers' geographic location and the visibility of current marketing. With the help of this information, advertising and services provided can be focused to the right channels, areas and forms in the future.
Local online advertising for dummies
High visibility : the making and marketing of professionals into celebrities
Banners & dragons : the complete guide to creative campaigning
Transparency in development communication
The benefits of public art : the polemics of permanent art in public places
Writing movement : expeditions in dance writing : 2012-2014
Search engine optimization for dummies
Digital afterlife : a general overview
Reforming European data protection law
Ecommerce inbound marketing : how to sell better than Amazon
How to get your website noticed
The viral video manifesto : why everything you know is wrong and how to do what really works
Klout for dummies
Developement of a marketing communication plan for the Institute of Traditional Chinese Medicine
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Inbound marketing : get found using  Google, social media, and blogs
Start your own e-business : your step-by-step guide to success
