http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10699 amateurs (enthusiasts)
amateurs (enthusiasts) enthusiasts hobbyists
Metal detecting and archaeology
Meaning-making in the Dance laboratory : exploring dance improvisation with differently bodied dancers
Treasure : finding our past
Suomalainen harrastelijateatteri = Amateur theatre in Finland
Chief Inspector Armand Gamache of the Sûreté du Québec and his team of investigators are called in to the scene of a suspicious death in a rural village south of Montreal. Jane Neal, a local fixture in the tiny hamlet of Three Pines, just north of the U.S. border, has been found dead in the woods. The locals are certain it's a tragic hunting accident and nothing more, but Gamache smells something foul in these remote woods, and is soon certain that Jane Neal died at the hands of someone much more sinister than a careless bowhunter.--From publisher description.
The story of Finnish bikers
Comparative analysis of the role of Estonians folk dance activity
The York realist
Amateur - professional partnerships in astronomy : proceedings of a meeting held at University of Toronto, Canada, 1-7 July 1999
Haunted air
Community archaeology : themes, methods and practices
Lady Victoria Georgiana Charlotte Eugenie, 34th in line for the throne, is flat broke. She's bolted Scotland, her greedy brother, and her fish-faced betrothed for London. The place where she'll experience freedom, learn life lessons aplenty, do a bit of spying for HRH - oh, and find a dead Frenchman in her tub. Now her new job is to clear her long family name.
Hacking electronics : an illustrated DIY guide for makers and hobbyists
How To Build a Theatrical Society : Case Tyne Theatre Productions
Philip's stargazing with Mark Thompson : essential guide to astronomy
Cyberspaces of their own : female fandoms online
Amateur images and global news
Jacob Fellman - the botanising priest
Dance ethnography and global perspectives : identity, embodiment and culture
From Homo Sapiens to Photo Sapiens? : The Role of Amateur Images in the Free Newspaper Metro
Modus operandi : a writer's guide to how crimnals work
Amateurism in British sport : it matters not who won or lost?
Verifying personal relationship to the past : [väitöskirjat]
Over the past decade, there has been a huge increase in ordinary people's access to video production technology. These essays explore the theoretical significance of this trend and its impact on society, as well as examining a wide range of case studies, from camcorders and camera phones to YouTube and citizen journalism --Provided by publisher.
The Instagram book : inside the online photography revolution
For fifteen years, Robert Stebbins has conducted extensive research on amateurs and professionals in theatre, music, archaeology, astronomy, baseball, football, magic and stand-up comedy. His publications give the theme of serious leisure in-depth scholarly attention. This text brings together the findings of this research project to provide a theoretical framework that reveals the commonalities across these eight fields. Throughout this project Stebbins has built on the work of Barney Glaser and Anselm Strauss and their notion of "grounded theory". First, Stebbins extensively observed the routine activities of amateurs and professionals in each field studied. Then, as he became more familiar with the life-styles of the participants, he conducted lengthy, unstructured, face-to-face interviews with, in most cases, 30 amateur or professional respondents. Each field demanded special methods of observation, analysis, interviewing, probing and reporting. As much as possible, however, Stebbins asked similar questions of all respondents in all fields so as to permit generalizations across these diverse fields. The result was a "substantive grounded theory" of each field studied. Stebbins has developed a "formal grounded theory" of amateurs and professionals based on the research accumulated in all eight substantive fields. By transcending a variety of contexts, he argues, one can gain a more enduring appreciation of the elements that affect peoples' experiences in work and leisure pursuits. A review of the findings across this wide range of activities, including his findings and ideas on hobbyists and career volunteers, enabled Stebbins to derive better definitions of the main concepts of the project, such as "amateur", "the public", and "serious leisure" -- as well as "professional", where he distinguishes between client-centred and public-centred professionals who, while sharing numerous ideal-typical attributes, vary as
Play between worlds : exploring online game culture
Her Royal Spyness
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Improvisation for the theater : a handbook of teaching and directing techniques
The Portal Antiquities Scheme in England and Wales
The Rabbit Back Literature Society
The question of how different publics and communities engage with their archaeological heritage is the focus of this volume. With case studies from across the globe, ranging from Canada to Turkmenistan and from Ireland to Argentina, it presents a contemporary snapshot of public participation in archaeology, covering both successful initiatives and the threats posed to such opportunities by local, regional and global changes. Particular strands addressed are international models; archaeology and education; archaeology and tourism; and site management and conservation.
Iikka Paavalniemen kolme maisemaa : 1900-luvun alun valokuvia Rovaniemeltä : photographs of Rovaniemi from the early 20th century = Iikka Paavalniemi's milieux and mindscapes
Knitting rules!
Born to be wild : the rise of the American motorcyclist
Personalities of Russian amateur botany, 1. Leontius Petrovich Alexandrov (1857-1929), and the neglected protologue of Alchemilla propinqua H.Lindb.
Understanding novels : [a lively exploration of literary form and technique]
"In the twenty-first century, the advent of digital photography, camera phones and social media platforms has altered the relationship between photographers, the medium and the audience- as well as contributing to an ongoing blurring of the boundaries between news and entertainment and professional and amateur journalism. The Violence of the Image explores how new vernacular and artistic modes of photographic production articulate international friction."--Page 4 of cover.
The complete illustrated guide to joinery
The design of everyday life
Bearded tit
Sport as life content of successful Finnish amateur athletes
This important cultural analysis tells two stories about food. The first depicts good food as democratic. Foodies frequent 'hole in the wall' ethnic eateries, appreciate the pie found in working-class truck stops, and reject the snobbery of fancy French restaurants with formal table service. The second story describes how food operates as a source of status and distinction for economic and cultural elites, indirectly maintaining and reproducing social inequality.
Amateur subtitling in Finland : a grounded theory study
With my hateful brother Binky in town, I've been desperately seeking an escape. To my delight, it comes in the form of an invitation from the Queen to represent the royals at a wedding in Transylvania - legendary home of vampires. I soon realise why I was the one honoured with such an invitation. The bride, Princess Maria Theresa, happens to be my old school chum, Matty. But my stay in her macabre - looking castle turns unnerving when I find dear Matty with blood running down her chin. Then, during the ceremony, a prominent wedding guest is poisoned. Something must be done lest the nuptial festivities go to ruin, or, worse yet, the couple's vows become: to love and to cherish, till undeath do us part.
Amateurism versus professionalism : redefining the Olympic debate
Four dance subcultures : a study of non-professional dancers ́socialization, participation motives, attitudes and stereotypes
A phenomenological research of the motivational factors of kendo practitioners in Serbia
Mobile technology for interest-based communities : concept design with a knowledge-based approach
Writing down the bones : freeing the writer within
For the love of it : amateuring and its rivals
You can write a memoir
"It's pretty bloody great!" : a structural analysis of classical music reviews
Wannabe a writer
Dilettantism and its values : from Weimar classicism to the fin de siècle
The game of developing a game : hobbyist game developers as playful entrepreneurs in the Apple App Store
Knee Problems among Iaido Practitioners
Sport as a channel for cultural identity - an examination ofamateur and professional activities : a case study of the Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA) in Ireland from the mid 19th century to the modern era
Knee problems among iaido practitioners
Being thirty-fifth in line for the British throne has its advantages, but money isn't one of them. To make ends meet, Lady Georgiana Rannoch sometimes investigates a little royal wrongdoing.
Fantasy freaks and gaming geeks : an epic quest for reality among role players, online gamers, and other dwellers of imaginary realms
Public participation in archaeology
The camera as historian : amateur photographers and historical imagination, 1885-1918
Reel families : a social history of amateur film
Valon kosketus = Touch of light
Pictorial practices in a "Cam Era" : studying non-professional camera use
Talking pictures : images and messages rescued from the past
National Oak Gall Wasp Survey : mapping with parabiologists in Finland
Vivian Maier : self-portraits
The search for freedom
Foodies : democracy and distinction in the gourmet foodscape
Photo-amateur = Die Welt der Amateurphotographie = Le monde du photographe amateur = the world of the amateur photographer
The uncommon reader
Jacob's Room
iPro user : a case study of pro-am photographers in Malaysia travel magazine
Snapshots of dangerous women
Amateurism in sport : an analysis and a defence
A decade of discovery : proceedings of the Portable Antiquities Scheme Conference 2007
Vivian Maier : Street photographer
Spirit of stone
Memory functions in recreational pistol sport shooters: Does lead matter?
Royal flush
Video cultures : media technology and everyday creativity
Learning to draw : studies in the cultural history of a polite and useful art
Constructing community narratives in amateur art
AFK 1889-1989
From amateur to professional golf : Finnish top golfers along for the ride
Leontius Petrovich Alexandrov (1857-1929) was a paediatric surgeon (in urology) in Moscow. As an amateur botanist he collected plants in 1914-1924, mostly Alchemilla, in Moscow and its nearest vicinities, as well as in the former Yaroslavl, Vyatka and Perm Regions. His collections, including types of Alchemilla, are housed at the Komarov Botanical Institute (LE) and the Herbarium of the Museum of History and Culture of the Central Kama Region in Sarapul, Udmurt Republic, Russia....
Amateur botanist Jacob Fellman (1793-1875), priest of northernmost Finland at Utsjoki in 1820-1831, was the first Finn to study the flora of northernmost East Fennoscandia. He did several long expeditions to Lapponia inarensis (Finland), to East Finnmark (Norway) and to the western Kola Peninsula region (Northwest Russia). His main publications include lists of the species of those areas, as well as their localities and frequencies (J. Fellman 1831, 1835). His memoirs (J. Fellman 1906a) also contain a great deal of plant information. Fellman was also interested in economic plants and phenological observations....
Steam locomotives : Realistic railway modelling
The importance of elsewhere : Philip Larkin's photographs
The violence of the image : photography and international conflict
Cosplay fever
The Moé manifesto : an insider's look at the worlds of manga, anime, and gaming
The amateur actor
Cosplay fever red
The twelve clues of Christmas
The meaning and culture of Grand theft auto : critical essays
The Scientific American book of projects for the amateur scientist
The complete illustrated guide to furniture & cabinet construction
National Oak Gall Wasp Survey - mapping with parabiologists in Finland
Amateurs, professionals, and serious leisure
A million ways to love yoga
The commercialisation of sport
1930's London: Poor Lady Georgiana - thirty-fourth in line to the throne - has been sent home due to a little scandal. Now she must keep the entirely unsuitable Mrs. Simpson from seducing the Prince of Wales - and help Scotland Yard by preventing someone from shooting the Prince of Wales instead of quails.
Finland's differentiated sports culture : a case study: sports agent
