http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10627 mental life
mental life
The complete idiot's guide to life after death
The belief instinct : the psychology of souls, destiny, and the meaning of life
Lectures on psychical research
Karma ; dimensions of Asian spirituality
Essays on suicide and the immortality of the soul
Reincarnation : one woman's exploration of her past lives
Spirituality and ageing
Dr Rajiv Parti was the last man to believe in heaven or hell - until he saw them with his own eyes. Dr Parti was a wealthy man of science with a successful career as the Chief of Anesthesiology at the Bakersfield Heart Hospital in California. He demanded the same success from his son, whose failures provoked episodes of physical abuse from Dr Parti. However, his fate was overturned in 2005, when he was diagnosed with cancer. During his seventh operation against the disease, dying from sepsis with a 105 degree fever, Dr Parti left his body and watched his own operation from the ceiling. What followed was a profound near-death experience, in which Dr Parti was met by archangels and his deceased father, who led him to witness both heaven and hell. From the angels, he learned lessons of spiritual health that they insisted he bring down to earth - to do so, Dr Parti knew he had to change his ways. After his near-death experience, Dr Parti awoke a new man.
The end and beyond : medieval Irish eschatology. Volume 1
Valuing age : pastoral ministry with older people
The mission of art
With more than 1 million copies in print, the original edition of Care of the Soul is a remarkable study of the creative opportunities that are available to us in everyday life. Thomas Moore is now a world-renowned writer, psychotherapist, and speaker, and this new, illustrated edition of Care of the Soul brings an edited version of the original text to a new audience. Care of the Soul: The Illustrated Edition offers a therapeutic program to restore the spiritual life to the human soul. We are given the opportunity to go deeper into our emotional problems and find the sacredness in ordinary, everyday life -- with friends, in our conversation with others, in more fulfilling work, and in all the experiences that can touch the heart. By integrating classical and modern art with the text, this edition offers the reader the opportunity to envision the already very visual nature of Thomas Moore's writing. It contains more than 150 color illustrations of great works of art that make the text come alive -- ranging from pieces by Marsilio Ficino, one of the author's favorite artists, to Edward Munch and Pablo Picasso; from vase paintings created in 400 BCE all the way to works by modern artists such as Edwin Romanzo Elmer, Giorgio De Chirico, and William Waterhouse. Thomas Moore has long worked as an art therapist and has studied religion and music -- all of which have come together in this volume to bring us an extraordinary and inspirational guide to the spiritual solutions needed in daily life.
The incarnations
The supernatural in Fay Weldon's novels and short stories
Cognitive models and spiritual maps : interdisciplinary explorations of religious experience
The body and psychology
The end and beyond : medieval Irish eschatology. Volume 2
Symposia : journal for studies in ethnology and anthropology. 2004
Matters of the heart : history, medicine, and emotion
'The second part', chapters IV-XLI
Counselling in different settings : the reality of practice
Psychological phenomena and first-person perspectives : critical discussions of some arguments in philosophy of mind
The pastor as theologian : the integration of pastoral ministry, theology and discipleship
Dark nights of the soul : a guide to finding your way through life's ordeals
Psychology. 1, Essence of the human soul 1
Religion and human nature
The varieties of religious experience : centenary essays
Spiritual presence in psychotherapy : a guide for caregivers
Pastoral care & counselling
Merely mortal? : can you survive your own death?
The good life with Jesse Dylan : redefining health with the greatest visionaries of our time
Ecology of Spirit : conference: Cultural Plurality and Religious Identity in the Barents Region, Umeå University 1996 September 19th-21st
Buried soul : how humans invented death
Midnight bayou
The ancient Egyptian books of the afterlife
What awaits us beyond the grave is perhaps the fundamental human mystery. Visionary accounts of the afterlife are attested long before the Common Era, and loomed large in the imaginative universe of early Christianity. The medieval Irish inherited and further transformed this tradition, producing vivid eschatological narratives which had a profound impact throughout Europe as well as being works of remarkable literary and spiritual power in their own right. Under the headings 'Soul and Body', 'The Seven Heavens', 'The Next World', and 'The Judgement and its Signs', this book presents critical editions, with translation and commentary, of 26 eschatological texts from the Old, Middle, and Early Modern Irish periods, together with related material in Latin and Old English. Some of these works are here edited for the first time. Extended essays survey Irish eschatological literature a whole, and place it in its wider context; and the volume concludes with a comprehensive handlist of Irish eschatological compositions.
The church, the afterlife and the fate of the soul : papers read at the 2007 summer meeting and the 2008 winter meeting of the Ecclesiastical History Society
The evolution of the soul
On death and dying : what the dying have to teach doctors, nurses, clergy and their own families
Reincarnation in Philo of Alexandria
Why do Christians shoot their wounded? : helping (not hurting) those with emotional difficulties
Work well : live well : rediscovering a biblical view of work
The mirror of life and death
Care of the soul : how to add depth and meaning to your everyday life : the illustrated edition
Some notes on madness
The first-person perspective and other essays
Jung's map of the soul : an introduction
Wittgenstein and value : the quest for meaning
Mind and body : psychology of emotion and stress
#What Is A Near Death Experience?
Pets are forever : amazing true stories of angelic animals
Wishes Fulfilled : Mastering the Art of Manifesting
Death be not proud : the problem of the afterlife
The phenomenon of life : toward a philosophical biology
Psychology. 2, Development of the human soul
Freedom and guided freedom : arrangements for spiritual guidance of the workers in different churches and denominations
Books of the dead : manuals for living and dying : with 148 illustrations, 16 in colour
Surviving death
Philosophy of mind : an introduction
Sacred theatre
Psychology. Volume 4, Opinions about the human soul
Descartes's concept of mind
Aristotle on life and death
Images of man and death
Life after death : the burden of proof
In her own time : women and developmental issues in pastoral care
An evolutionary psychologist examines humans' belief in God and argues that it evolved in the species as an "adaptive illusion" that originally had an evolutionary purpose, now outdated, that ensured the survival of the human race.
Concealment and exposure : and other essays
The soul bird
The buried soul : how humans invented death
Reclaiming goodness : education and the spiritual quest
Mind's landscape : an introduction to the philosophy of mind
The desiring self : rooting pastoral counseling and spiritual direction in self-transcendence
Death : the great adventure
Life after death and the world beyond : investigating heaven and the spiritual dimension
On death and dying
How the mind works
Writing the self : diaries, memoirs, and the history of the self
The wayward mind : an intimate history of the unconscious
Dying to wake up : a doctor's voyage into the afterlife and the wisdom he brought back
The conscious mind : in search of a fundamental theory
Reinventing the body, resurrecting the soul : how to create a new self
Healing in the in the [sic] theology of Saint Ephrem
Expression and the inner
Wisdom at work : a biblical approach to the workplace
Deadly sins and saving virtues
Wishes fulfilled : mastering the art of manifesting
The meaning of reminiscence and life review
