http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1062 environmental damages
environmental damages
Rubble : the afterlife of destruction
The optimal number of polluters and victims and the inadequacy of Pigouvian taxes
Cross-border risks in the Baltic Sea region : lessons to be learned
Handbook of solvents
Introduction to environmental forensics
Willingness to pay for improvements in the oil spill response capacity in the Gulf of Finland : an application of the contingent valuation method
Potential usage of underground mined areas in Estonian oil shale deposit
The management of arctic environmental data in the United States
Concerning some legal aspects of the nuclear catastrophe in Chernobyl
Taking stock of environmental assessment : law, policy and practice
Drowning in oil : BP and the reckless pursuit of profit
Trans-boundary risk management in the South : a comparative example from the Himalaya
Chemical weapons : destruction and conversion
The comprehensive handbook of school safety
Environmental threats of military presence in northern waters and the Arctic
Deterrence, insurability, and compensation in environmental liability : future developments in the European Union
Toxic politics : responding to chemical disasters
International Convention on Civil Liability for Oil Pollution Damage, 2001 = Convention internationale de 2001 sur la responsabilité civile pour les dommages dus à la pollution par les hydrocarbures de soute = Convenio internacional sobre responsabilidad civil nacida de daños debidos a contaminacón por los hidrocarburos para compustible de los buques, 2001.
World without trees : Dutch elm disease and other human errors
Hazard assessment as a tool for companies for managing accidental releases to the environment
How bad is bad news? : assessing the effects of environmental incidents on firm value
St. Petersburg Oil Recovery Training Centre "SPORT" : feasibility study
Natural and technological hazards and risks affecting the spatial development of European regions
Stalin's legacy : the Soviet war on nature
Marine ecology and oil pollution
Gard handbook on protection of the marine environment
Damming the Narmada
Interactive effects of drought and ozone stress on the ultrastructure of birch leaves
Environmental liability and ecological damage In European law
Safety in hazardous wastes
Liability & compensation regimes relating to environmental damage : a review
The buffering effect of snow cover to the impact of vehicles on the soil and vegetation cover in the north
Hydrocarbon contaminated soils. Vol. 4, Perspectives, analysis, human health and risk assessment, remediation
Development of a vacuum-extraction based emergency response method and equipment for recovering fuel spills from underground
The Seveso 2 directive and the oil industry
Liability for damage to public natural resources : standing, damage and damage assessment
The international aspects of natural and industrial catastrophes : selective bibliography = Les aspects internationaux des catastrophes naturelles et industrielles : bibliographie sélective
Complementary scheme for compensating environmental damage : extract from the report of an ad hoc Environmental Economics Committee
Threats without enemies : facing environmental insecurity
Problems of restoring the soil and vegetation cover on disturbed terrain in the north
Evaluation of the Methods for the Oil Spill Response in the Offshore Arctic Region
Understanding Fukushima : designing for an embodied interaction with citizen science data
Criminal enforcement of environmental law in the European Union
Safety aspects of hazardous wastes : proceedings of a Round Table, Dublin, November 27-29.1985
Cautious about precaution : recent judicial practice concerning the status of precautionary principle in international law
States of emergency : technological failures and social destabilization
Global catastrophic risks
'The financial means embedded in subsidies for unsustainable systems of production and consumption are increasingly well studied and reported. This has led to policy recommendations (e.g. OECD, EU) on how to reform subsidy systems in support of the necessary transitions to a low carbon and ecosystem resilient society based on a strong resource efficient economy. The authors in this book contribute to the debate based on recent, high quality and policy relevant research. It is a timely contribution to a pressing financial issue in environmental policy.'--Hans Bruyninckx , Executive Director of the European Environment Agency. 'Recently the IPCC finished their 5th Assessment report and we see that while emissions continue unabated - and in some areas even increase, relatively little is done in terms of policy making. Instead of sound policies to deal with climate issues, we are still faced with perverse incentives that promote fossil fuels. This book sets itself a very important agenda of trying to find a workable path towards abolishing such subsidies. This is vital reading for all policy makers.'--Thomas Sterner, Visiting Chief Economist, Environmental Defense Fund Professor of environmental economics, University of Gothenburg. 'EU countries increasingly receive recommendations through the European Semester and OECD Environmental Performance Reviews to assess and progressively phase out environmentally harmful subsidies. It is not only a matter of avoiding damage to the environment, it is also a question of transparency, equity, and of eliminating unjustified privileges. Subsidy reform can help reduce public deficits, restore fair market conditions and eliminate distortions in competition. This book is a precious tool for Governments and experts.'--Aldo Ravazzi Douvan, Italian Ministry of Environment, Professor of Sustainable Development at University Roma Luiss. This book sets itself a very important agenda of trying to find a workable path towards abolishing such subsidies. This is vital reading for all policy makers.'--Thomas Sterner, Visiting Chief Economist, Environmental Defense Fund Professor of environmental economics, University of Gothenburg. 'EU countries increasingly receive recommendations through the European Semester and OECD Environmental Performance Reviews to assess and progressively phase out environmentally harmful subsidies. It is not only a matter of avoiding damage to the environment, it is also a question of transparency, equity, and of eliminating unjustified privileges. Subsidy reform can help reduce public deficits, restore fair market conditions and eliminate distortions in competition. This book is a precious tool for Governments and experts.'--Aldo Ravazzi Douvan, Italian Ministry of Environment, Professor of Sustainable Development at University Roma Luiss. 'Tax spending and public subsidies harmful to the environment have attracted high level attention at the Rio and Johannesburg Sustainable Development Conferences, in the context of the Kyoto Protocol and of the Convention on Biological Diversity, in OECD and EU recommendations, and are now firmly on the public agenda. They are often also poorly designed, do not reach their goals, are costly, not transparent and can be inefficient. With the present public budget crises in many countries, rarely has the timing been more favorable to lower such harmful support. The book is thus timely and shows through concrete examples that the reform of harmful public subsidies is possible.'--Guillaume Sainteny, Associate Professor, Ecole Polytechnique, Paris, France. 'In the policy world, there are few opportunities for reforms that can simultaneously benefit the economy, society and the environment. Phasing-out environmentally harmful subsidies is one. It can reduce the burden on government budgets, free up funds for more worthy causes, and reduce perverse incentives to pollute the environment and over-use scarce natural resources. However, subsidy reforms have been notoriously difficult to implement, despite the efforts of organisations like the OECD, IEA, GSI, World Bank and IMF. Reform is hampered by the limited information available on subsidies, their impacts, and who actually benefits from them. This book brings to light the latest information and analysis on environmentally harmful subsidies and reform efforts, pulled together by some of the leading experts on this issue. It is essential reading for any policy maker wanting to ensure a smooth and successful reform of environmentally harmful subsidies.'--Helen Mountford, Deputy Director, OECD Environment Directorate.
Marine pollution and international law : principles and practice
As undisputed leader of the Soviet Union, Joseph Stalin was directly responsible for the deaths of up to 60 million of his fellow citizens, a truly horrific figure which confirms him as one of the most notorious mass murderers in history. But Stalin not only waged war against his own people, he and his successors regarded nature as an enemy that could be overcome by the might of Soviet technology and the brute force of slave labor. The building of vast networks of canals and the diversion of major rivers has created untold environmental damage, whilst Soviet nuclear and biological weapons programs contaminated vast areas and caused unimaginable agony for human and animal life. In this book, Struan Stevenson travels to the former Soviet republics of Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Turkmenistan, Kyrgystan, and Tajikistan. From the Semipalatinsk region of east Kazakhstan, where over 600 nuclear tests were carried out between 1949 and 1990, to the Aral Sea, the desiccation of which has reduced what was the world's fourth largest inland body of water to half the size it was just 50 years ago, he presents a grim catalogue of environmental catastrophe. As well as talking with those whose lives continue to be cruelly affected by this terrible legacy, he also meets those who are trying to deal with its wider consequences as it threatens to impact far beyond the steppes of Central Asia. Despite almost insurmountable challenges, however, there ultimately is a strong message of hope as both local and international organizations face up to the effects of disastrous and inhuman Soviet policies.
Environmental damage in international and comparative law : problems of definition and valuation
Rehabilitating damaged ecosystems. Volume 2
Challenging disasters : natural reduction in the context of intergovernmental relations
Precaution, environmental science, and preventive public policy
Environmental hazards : assessing risk and reducing disaster
Technogenic pollution of the snow cover on Svalbard
Grounding consequences analysis
Transboundary pollution : international legal standards on the right to take action in national courts
International responsibility for environmental harm
Study of the risk for accidents and the related environmental hazards from the transportation of chemicals by tankers in the Baltic Sea area
Churning the earth : the making of global India
Law of environmental and toxic torts : cases, materials and problems
On the law of environmental damage : liability and reparation
Encyclopedia of crisis management. volume 1, [A-I]
Pollution law and insurance : a comparison of the legal regimes of European states and the USA
Bright ideas? : environmental management in Finnish perspectives
Policy options in managing the crisis of environmental degradation and the prevalence of poverty in urban Nigeria
Study of the transportation of packaged dangerous goods by sea in the Baltic Sea Area and related environmental hazards
Liability for environmental damages : incentives for precaution and risk allocation
Restoration ecology and sustainable development
State-responsibility for cross-border environmental damage : why Argentina wants to sue Uruguay over a Finnish-owned factory
White paper on environmental liability : COM(2000) 66 final
Encyclopedia of crisis management. volume 2, [J-Z]
Natural and man-made hazards : proceedings of the International symposium held at Rimouski, Quebec, Canada, 3-9 August, 1986
Seabird populations in the northern Barents Sea : source data for the impact assessment of the effects of oil drilling activity
Humanity's footprint : momentum, impact, and our global environment
Wildlife and roads : the ecological impact
Natural enemy, natural ally : toward an environmental history of warfare
Handbook of environmental risk assessment and management
The law of environmental damage : liability and reparation
Nordtest method. NT CHEM
Pledges to reform environmentally harmful subsidies (EHS) have increased over the past few years, at both global and national levels. Paying the Polluter addresses the most important issues to be considered when embarking upon these necessary reforms. In this unique work, leading experts explore the definition of EHS, how they can be identified and measured and assess their impacts and the potential benefits of reform. Barriers and opportunities for EHS reform are elaborated with examples of successes and failures. A practical subsidy reform tool is also presented, giving guidance to help develop transparent inventories of subsidies and road maps for future development. Demonstrating how subsidy reform may contribute to a better environment, support fiscal reform and address social and economic objectives, this authoritative book will appeal to policy makers and their advisors all over the world. It will also be a useful sourcebook for academics interested in concrete applications of environmental economics. Finally it should prove a rich and informative read for anyone looking for facts and arguments supporting green budget reforms.
Natural hazards
Paying the polluter : environmentally harmful subsidies and their reform
The polluter pays principle : definition, analysis, implementation
The natural wealth of nations : harnessing the market for the environment
Defining environmental damage in international and Nordic environmental law
El Niño : fact and fiction
Les aspects internationaux des catastrophes naturelles et industrielles = The international aspects of natural and industrial catastrophes
A marine wildlife sanctuary for the Arabian Gulf : environmental research and conservation following the 1991 Gulf War oil spill
The concept of environmental damage : work within the Council  of Europe and in Denmark on defining environmental damage
Acid rain and friendly neighbors : the policy dispute between Canada and the United States
Environmental protection and sustainable development : legal principles and recommendations
Environmental hazard classification : classification of selected substances as dangerous for the environment (I)
Impact assessment and sustainable resource management
Harm to the environment : the right to compensation and the assessment of damages
Damage from international disasters in the light of tort and insurance law : general report
Hazards analysis : reducing the impact of disasters
The Vuotos reservoir project : a plan without alternatives
Introduction to environmental engineering and science
Civil liability for environmental damage : a comparative analysis of law and policy in Europe and the United States
In too deep : BP and the drilling race that took it down
The EU environmental liability directive : a commentary
The oil spill of Finneagle : a study in Murphy's law
J'accuse : environment and Smidak principles : power and responsibility, action and re-action
Liability for environmental damage in Europe
Environmental liability in the EU : the 2004 directive compared with US and Member State law
The status of coastal and marine habitats two years after the Gulf War oil spill
International environmental disputes : a reference handbook
Sustainable economy : corporate, social and environmental responsibility
INLATRANS : integrating inland waterway transport systems in the Baltic Sea region : final report. Pt 3, Appendices
Earth then and now : potent visual evidence of our changing world
The legal status of the individual in Nordic environmental law
Corporate environmental responsibility : law and practice
Remediation of significant environmental damage : manual on procedures
War or health? : a reader
Legal aspects of soil pollution and decontamination in the EU member states and the United States
Self-regulation of environmental management : an analysis of guidelines set by world industry associations for their member firms
Homecoming
Towards minimizing measurement uncertainty in total petroleum hydrocarbon determination by GC-FID
The bibliography of Alaskana and the 1989 Prince Williams sound oil spill
Economic rights and environmental wrongs : property rights for the common good
Assessment 2007 : oil and gas activities in the Arctic - effects and potential effects. Volume I
Environmental liability for banks
The basics of oil spill cleanup
Pricing the planet : economic analysis for sustainable development
