http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10648 cultural identity
cultural identity
No zoo : ethnic civility and its cultural regulation among the staff of a Finnish high-tech company
Contemporary identities of creativity and creative work
Abstract.
Punk rock and the politics of place : building a better tomorrow
Culture and identity in Europe : perceptions of divergence and unity in past and present
Deafness and development : Learning from projects with deaf children and deaf adults in developing countries
Main concepts and research traditions : commentary
How Finnish are the Thunder Bay Finns?
Social identification and group cohesiveness in a multicultural work group
Summary : Translocal belonging? Dimensions of Finnishness in Åland.
The notion of identity -- personal, religious, ethnic, or national -- has given rise to heated passions and crimes throughout history. What makes each one of us unique has been a fundamental question of philosophy from Socrates to Freud. This book argues that the concept of identity that prevails the world over is still very much tribal. It allows men of all countries, conditions, and faiths to be transformed into butchers and fanatics, passing themselves off as defenders of a given identity. Maalouf contends that many of us would reject our inherited conceptions of identity, which we cling to through habit, if only we examined them more closely. The future of society depends on accepting -- while recognizing our uniqueness -- all identities.
Re-thinking Europe : literature and (trans)national identity
The information society and the welfare state : the Finnish model
Consumer behaviour : a European perspective
Girls & sex : navigating the complicated new landscape
Crimson China
This article provides an overview of some sociocultural and demographic factors of language maintenance and shift among Hungarians in Finland and Sweden, predominately at the group level. Some of the factors described are: the historical background of Hungarian immigration, settlement patterns, demographic development, geographical areas, participation in Hungarian associations along with the attitudes of the majority group towards Hungarians and the Hungarian language. After this some data is presented about language choice, culture and identity of second-generation Hungarians. The article shows that Hungarians are not a single unified group in Sweden or Finland and both groups face factors that can support or hinder the preservation of the Hungarian language and culture. Swedish-Hungarians have a greater ability to preserve their Hungarianism as a group due to population size and concentration in certain areas, while Finnish-Hungarians can maintain their Hungarian identity due to their comparably high status in society and the positive attitudes of the Finnish majority.  .
Crystals of Schoolchildren’s Well-Being. Cross-Border Training Material for Promoting Psychosocial Well-Being through School Education
Constructing consumer femininities : a study of young female bloggers' portrayal of consumption in fashion blogs
Transactions identitaires = Identity transactions
Just so happens
Studies in the history and archaeology of Jordan. 8, Archaeological and historical perspectives on society, culture and identity
The passage from youth to adulthood : narrative and cultural thresholds
This pictorial introduction to Holland--a land of surprises, strange traditions, free-spirited people, and a rich history--is full of fascinating details that make the Netherlands so Dutch. It is also an armchair travel guide for anyone already fond of this small country known for its tulips and windmills / WorldCat.
The dialogue with the other : Balkan dimensions of European identity
Cultural memory and the construction of identity
Gender, identity and the culture of organizations
Cloth and culture now
Indigenous identity and resistance : researching the diversity of knowledge
Culture, branding and national identity in the era of globalization : a study of beer brands in the Finnish market
Creative workers have been celebrated internationally for their flexibility in new labour markets centred on culture, creativity and, most recently, innovation. This book draws on research with novice and established workers in a range of specializations in order to explore the meanings, aspirations and practical difficulties associated with a creative identification. It investigates the difficulties and attractions of creative work as a personalized, affect-laden project of self-making, perpetually open and oriented to possibility, uncertain in its trajectory or rewards. Employing a cross-disciplinary methodology and analytic approach, the book investigates the new cultural meanings in play around a creative career. It shows how classic ideals of design and the creative arts, re-interpreted and promoted within contemporary art schools, validate the lived experience of precarious working in the global sectors of the creative and cultural industries, yet also contribute to its conflicts. "Contemporary Identities of Creativity and Creative Work" presents a distinctive study and original findings which make it essential reading for social scientists, including social psychologists, with an interest in cultural and media studies, creativity, identity, work and contemporary careers.
The new Vichy syndrome : why European intellectuals surrender to barbarism
Translation and minority : special issue
Nationilism - belonging to the spaces between : conceptualizing nation-less identity and belonging
Swing to bop - hep to hip : a study in jazz parlance
Cultural identity in Catalonia : perceptions of 10 Catalan students
Estonia gravitates towards Sweden : nordic identity and activist regionalism in world war I
"In this paper, four theories on the causes of civil war are reviewed. One theory, associated with Paul Collier, emphasises feasibility over factors related to grievance. A second theory, espoused by Frances Stewart, focuses on the role of horizontal inequalities. The third theory, identified with William Zartman, highlights the different roles “need, creed and greed” factors play in various phases of a conflict. And the fourth theory, associated with the World Bank / World Development Report 2011, points out “commitment” problems leading to institutional failures as a crucial factor. Each of the theories leads to quite different policy conclusions. Their strengths and weaknesses, and their claimed empirical support, are discussed.In addition, some of the mechanisms underpinning the theories are highlighted on the basis of empirical data. In particular, the central role of horizontal inequalities between social groups is discussed." --Publisher's description.
Contemporary Latin American cultural studies
Same and other : negotiating African identity in cultural production
Let there be laughter : a treasury of great Jewish humor & what it all means
Negotiating identities : essays on immigration and culture in present-day Europe
The future of communication and cultural identity in an interdependent world : VIth World Conference of Future Studies, 16-19 September 1978 Cairo
Land where I flee
Hip-hop in Europe : cultural identities and transnational flows
A profile of the interculturally effective person = Profil de la personne efficace sur le plan interculturel
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
The limits of liberal multiculturalism : towards an individuated approach to cultural diversity
Immigrant artists' intercultural identity formation and development process through art making
"Where do I belong?" : examining the cultural identity of bicultural individuals
Is identity a shirt or a soul?
"In 1963, Kenya gained independence from Britain, ending nearly seventy years of white colonial rule. While tens of thousands of whites relocated outside Kenya for what they hoped would be better prospects, many stayed. Over the past decade, however, protests, scandals, and upheavals have unsettled families with colonial origins, reminding them of the tenuousness of their Kenyan identity. In this book, Janet McIntosh looks at the lives and dilemmas of settler descendants living in postindependence Kenya. From clinging to a lost colonial identity to embracing a new Kenyan nationality, the public face of white Kenyans has undergone changes fraught with ambiguity. Drawing on fieldwork and interviews, McIntosh focuses on their discourses and narratives, asking: What stories do settler descendants tell about their claims to belong in Kenya? How do they situate themselves vis-a-vis the colonial past and anticolonial sentiment, phrasing and rephrasing their memories and judgments as they seek a position they feel is ethically acceptable? With her respondents straining to defend their entitlements in the face of mounting Kenyan rhetorics of ancestry and autochthony, McIntosh explores their contradictory and diverse responses: moral double consciousness, aspirations to uplift the nation, ideological blind spots, denial, and self-doubt. Ranging from land rights to language, from romantic intimacy to the African occult, Unsettled offers a unique perspective on whiteness in a postcolonial context and a groundbreaking theory of elite subjectivity"--Provided by publisher.
Tourism and national identities : an international perspective
Sex gender in the semiotic perspective : male and female cultural identities in Finnish cultural products from the 1950s to the 1980s : research note
Nationalising culture : the reorganisation of national culture in Swedish cultural policy 1970-2002
E pluribus unum or e pluribus plura? : unity and diversity in American culture
"I am a multinational soul on a multicultural globe" : multi-cultural identity (re)construction among international degree student sojouners through socialization in intercultural setting s
Applied ethics in religion and culture : contextual and global changes
African sisterhood : conseptualizing african feminist identity
In Transcultural Writers and Novels in the Age of Global Mobility, Arianna Dagnino analyzes a new type of literature emerging from artists’ increased movement and cultural flows spawned by globalization. This "transcultural" literature is produced by authors who write across cultural and national boundaries and who transcend in their lives and creative production the borders of a single culture. Dagnino's book contains a creative rendition of interviews conducted with five internationally renowned writers—Inez Baranay, Brian Castro, Alberto Manguel, Tim Parks, and Ilija Trojanow—and a critical exegesis reflecting on thematical, critical, and stylistical aspects.
The fiction of America : performance and the cultural imaginary in literature and film
Role of the Estonian Russian-language media in the integration of the Russian-speaking minority into Estonian society
The article is the summary of a Master's thesis submitted in 2014 at the European-University Viadrina Frankfurt (Oder). Its research question concerns the links between Finnish culture, migration and identity constructions. To understand this adequately, the concept of daily identity work was applied. The participants were Finnish migrants living in Germany for several decades. The data was collected with a method mix consisting of narrative interviews and a participatory visual method based in photovoice. The results were presented in the depicting of different practices and material belongings that function as identity resources in the process of identification with Finnish culture. Many elements from Finnish culture were visible in the selfrepresentations of the participants, even though they at first negated the assumption that Finnish culture played a role in their lives..
On the notion of culture and identity : a study of Paul Ricoeur's narrative identity
Identity in local, national and global contexts : four essays on 20th century Europe
Gypsy and traveller ethnicity : the social generation of an ethnic phenomenon
The national memory is often signified by means of monuments erected in the landscape, while commemorative historical sites always carry a story from the past, and it is not a matter of indifference how this story is told. Karelia, and particularly the areas of the Karelian Isthmus, the shores of Lake Ladoga and the Karelian Borderlands that were ceded to the Soviet Union as a consequence of the Second World War, are places where the commemorative sites have been objects of dispute for the last 60 years. Memories of Finnish Karelia have been erased, transformed and brought to life again: erased and transformed by the post-war masters of the area, for whom it was ideologically most appropriate to replace the Finnish narrative with one telling of victory in the Great Patriotic War and alluding to new sites commemorating the region's Russian history. The more recent revival of Finnish memories has been brought about not only by the Finns but also by Russians who have wished to tell the presentday inhabitants of Karelia about the forgotten and suppressed details of its more recent history.
The cultural identity of Central Europe : proceedings of the conference Europe of Cultures: Cultural Identity of Central Europe, Zagreb, 22-24 November 1996
African hosts & their guests : cultural dynamics of tourism
Consumer culture, identity and well-being : the search for the "good life" and the "body perfect"
Porous boundaries : texts and images in twentieth-century French culture
Moving mosaic : exploring collegial collaboration as a way of indentifying and transforming the culture of dance teaching
Indigenous film as a tool for developing and maintaining indigenous culture and identity : how do indigenous films and indigenous film festivals as non-governmental organisations develop and maintain indigenous culture and identity?
This volume focuses on advances in research methodology in an interdisciplinary field framed by discourses of identity and interculturality. It includes a range of qualitative studies: studies of interaction, narrative studies, conversation analysis, ethnographic studies, postcolonial studies and critical discourse studies, and emphasizes the role of discourse and power in all studies of identity and interculturality. The volume particularly focuses on critical reflexivity in every stage of research, including reflections on theoretical concepts (such as 'identity' and 'interculturality') and their relationship with methodology and analytical practice, reflections on researcher identity and subjectivity, reflections on local and global contexts of research, and reflections on language choice and linguacultural aspects of data generation, analysis and communication.
The effects of globalization on culture : a study of the experiences of globalization among Finnish travellers
The dialogue between Finland and United States - and the Finnish-Americans
A stranger in my homeland : the politics of belonging among young people with Kurdish backgrounds in Sweden
Popular music studies in seven acts : conference proceedings of the Fourth Annual Conference of Finnish Society for Ethnomusicology (1995)
Towards measuring the level of identification with multicultural practices and values in German national culture : a critical discourse analytic study on multicultural representations in the German National Integration Plan
International conference "Linguistic and cultural diversity in cyberspace", Yakutsk, Russian Federation, July 2-4, 2008 = Meždunarodnaâ konferenciâ "Âzykovoe i kul'turnoe raznoobrazie v kiberprostranstve", g. Âkutsk. 2-4 iûlâ 2008 g.
Objects and identities
Images of a post/national society = Images d'une société post/nationale : Nacs/Anec : Nacs VIII Triennial Conference, Caribia Spa Hotel and Conference Centre, Turku, Finland 18-21 August 2005 : conference program, presentations, abstracts
Europe's Northern frontier : perspectives on Finland's Western identity
The Korean popular culture reader
Unsettled : denial and belonging among white Kenyans
From the host of NPR affiliates Forum with Michael Krasny, a compendium of Jewish jokes that packs the punches with hilarious riff after riff and also offers a window into Jewish culture.Michael Krasny has been telling Jewish jokes since his bar mitzvah, and its been said that he knows more of them than anyone on the planet. He certainly states his case in this wise, enlightening, and hilarious book that not only collects the best of Jewish humor passed down from generation to generation, but explains the cultural expressions and anxieties behind the laughs. "Whats Jewish Alzheimers?""You forget everything but the grudges." "You must be so proud. Your daughter is the President of the United States!""Yes. But her brother is a doctor!" "Isn't Jewish humor masochistic?""No. And if I hear that one more time I am going to kill myself." With his background as a scholar and public-radio host, Krasny delves deeply into the themes, topics, and form of Jewish humor: chauvinism undercut by irony and self-mockery, the fear of losing cultural identity through assimilation, the importance of vocal inflection in joke-telling, and calls to communal memory, including the use of Yiddish. Borrowing from traditional humor and such Jewish comedy legends as Jackie Mason, Mel Brooks, and Joan Rivers, Larry David, Sarah Silverman, Jerry Seinfeld and Amy Schumer, Let There Be Laughter is an absolute pleasure for the chosen and goyim alike.
Cultural identity
Truth, justice, and the American way? : the popular geopolitics of American identity in contemporary superhero comics
Are the Padanians a nation? : Lega Nord and nationalism in Italy
In the name of identity : violence and the need to belong
Finland : the welfare game
The Sage handbook of identities
Searching for authentic living through native faith : the Maausk movement in Estonia
Accessing health care : a look into the culture of foreigners living in Salo, Finland for better service provision
La langue : identité et communication = Language, identity and communication
Lifestyles and social change : essays in economic sociology
The kindness of enemies
Love and parenthood in an intercultural family
The heritage crusade and the spoils of history
Heritage has burgeoned over the past quarter of a century from a small elite preoccupation into a major popular crusade. Everything from Disneyland to the Holocaust Museum, from the Balkan wars to the Northern Irish troubles, from Elvis memorabilia to the Elgin Marbles bears the marks of the cult of heritage. In this acclaimed 1998 book David Lowenthal explains the rise of this obsession with the past and examines its power for both good and evil.
Comparisons and contexts : essays on Central-Eastern European literature and culture
Comparison between multicultural counseling competences in the United States, England, and Finland
Archaeological approaches to cultural identity
The study of cultural identity : development and background of a multi-disciplinary field of research
Introduction : from modernity and postmodernity to globalisation
Reading on the edge : exiles, modernities, and cultural transformation in Proust, Joyce, and Baldwin
Hyphen identities : the hybrid experience of the Haitian diaspora in the United States
The landscape has played - and continues to play - an important role in the process of constructing a national identity in Finland. In this process, certain areas and views, whether real or imaginary, are designated as vital symbols of the national culture. The landscape is not merely an image, a map or a view of the existing motherland, however. It is also a part of the nation's history, which is marked in the landscape in the form of significant buildings and monuments to historical events, so that the past may be seen as forming an unbroken continuum with the present. Work is constantly going on to maintain and renew the national traditions of landscape description. This means that whatever its age and nostalgic associations, the landscape is an integral part of our present-day lives. The images, maps, and discourses associated with the landscape may have altered in the course of time, and even the physical areas or views may have been replaced with new ones, but the ideal of a Finnish landscape has persisted. The signs and significations attached to it thus remain a powerful part of our national culture.
Re-inventing/re-presenting identities in a global world
Ethnic symbols : their roles in maintaining and constructing Finnish American culture
Porta Palazzo : the anthropology of an Italian market
Becoming Europeans : cultural identity and cultural policies
The unspoken pressure of tradition : East Asian classical musicians in western classical music
Sport as a channel for cultural identity - an examination ofamateur and professional activities : a case study of the Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA) in Ireland from the mid 19th century to the modern era
Which Europe? What identity? Whose culture? : on European cultural identity
Creating Laos : the making of a Lao space between Indochina and Siam, 1860-1945
Linguistic and cultural identity : Finns who have been through English immersion education
Language issues in literacy and bilingual/multicultural education
Identities of Central-Eastern European nations
What does it mean to become a boy today? How does boyhood manifest itself in different contexts? How can we describe fathers and sons in contemporary society? And can we make the invisible boy visible in ways alternative to those of media? This publication is the outcome of an international, multidisciplinary exploration of how boys become boys and how boys form identities today. The project was global in its scope and included 24 artists and academics from Sweden, USA, Turkey, UK, Finland, New Zealand, Croatia, Nigeria, Switzerland, India, Canada and Italy have contributed to the Invisible Boy. The publication with its 20 chapters includes academic papers, video, drawings, digital images, photography and music. Combining a variety of intellectual expressions the chapters forms a joint example of multimodal explorations to further understandings of complex matters such as gendered identity making. The contributions are organised in four themes: Negotiating Identity, Bodily Existence, Boyhood Interrupted, and Gender and Contemporary Media.
Transcultural writers and novels in the age of global mobility
Tourists and tourism : a reader
Japan and Asian modernities
Ethnicity, nation, culture : central and East European perspectives
Multicultural citizenship of the European Union
Indian Baltic herring
Transformations of Estonian Russians' cultural identity after the collapse of the Soviet Union
"A collection of essays on ethnic and cultural diversity in the Korean peninsula, focusing on South Korea, including monoethnic, nationalist ideology and multiculturalism as ideology and practice, the history of migration and diaspora, transnational adoption, and interracial and interethnic relations" --Provided by publisher.
Hungarians in Finland and Sweden: Comparison of Some Sociocultural and Demographic Factors on Language Choice, Culture and Identity
Cultural identity gaps : a study of Zadie Smith's novels White teeth (2001) and On beauty (2006)
A small fortune
How finnish culture presents itself : a content analysis of Finland: a cultural encyclopedia
Multilingual Europe : reflections on language and identity
Study abroad and career identity : three narratives of English language students' journeys to English-speaking countries
From local to national and back : Finnish music and the construction of minority identity in Sweden
Who am I? : an intercultural experience as a factor in the cultural identity development : the case of Finnish individuals with a transculturally mobile childhood
Intersecting identities and interculturality : discourse and practice
Cosmos & heart : a cosmopolite's viewpoint
Processing Romany Culture through Art
Adherence to the home-country location of corporate headquarters : narratives of cultural identity, and resource-based pragmatism of globalising Finnish MNCs : location factors and managers' mutual knowledge networks in the Helsinki region
Immigrant stories : ethnicity and academics in middle childhood
Perspectives on the 'other America' : comparative approaches to Caribbean and Latin American culture
The power of African cultures
Cultures in interaction : construction of ethnic identities in Amy Tan's "The bonesetter's daughter"
Traditions in the construction of cultural identity and strategies of ethnic survival
Democracy in America
Friend to friend : a candid exchange between Pearl S. Buck and Carlos P. Romulo
New hybridities : societies and cultures in transition
Imagining insiders : Africa and the question of belonging
This volume surveys the intersection of music and nationalism by tracing its historical development and interpreting its most recent forms. Several types of music are offered as examples of how music becomes a language and agent for nationalism, such as folk music in the 19th century, and popular music in the post-World War II era. The book also looks at areas of music-making that belong to no single genre or repertory, but cross between them and between class and ideological divisions, such as national anthems, military music, nationalist tone poems and national folk-music ensembles in Eastern Europe.
Foreign language learning as intercultural experience : the subjective dimension
Food, identity and cross-cultural exchange in the ancient world
Readings of the particular : postcolonial in the postnational
Hunger, consumption, and identity in Elizabeth Gaskell's novels
What is American? : new identities in U. S. culture
Dimensions and experiences of human identity : an analytical toolkit and empirical illustration
Chanting the creative mantra : the accelerating economisation of EU cultural policy / Raimund Minichbauer
Across the Danube : southeastern Europeans and their travelling identities (17th-19th c.)
The Finnish landscape and its meanings
Construction of the entrepreneurial identity in the family business context : a cross-cultural study
Youth media
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
The cultural meaning of deafness : Language, identity and power relations
Ideology and cultural identity : modernity and the third world presence
The effects of the English language on the cultural identity of Chinese university students
Self- and other-images of hunter-gatherers : papers presented at the eighth International Conference on Hunting and Gathering Societies (CHAGS 8), National Museum of Ethnology,Osaka, October 1998
Habitus and care : investigating welfare service workers' agency
Jewish life after the USSR
The art of coming home
Muslim migrants in Europe : a challenge to the policy of the state
Italian literary representations of China . narrating cultural identities
The poetics and politics of the desert : landscape and the construction of America
Children, place and indentity : nation and locality in middle childhood
Greeks and pre-Greeks : Aegean prehistory and Greek heroic tradition
The discursive construction of authenticity : resources, scales and polycentricity in Finnish hip hop culture
Relational dialectics in intercultural couples' relationships
Traduction et conscience sociale autour de la pensée de Daniel Simeoni = Translation as social conscience around rhe work of Daniel Simeoni
The Christian heritage of Kosovo and Metohija : the historical and spiritual heartland of the Serbian people
Self-representation and digital culture
The music of European nationalism : cultural identity and modern history
The para-diplomacy of miranda : the role of tradition in the constitution of modern identity in the Republic of Karelia
Constructing cultural identity, representing social power
History and cultural theory
Spreading the word : the issue of diffusion among the atlantic creoles
Dreams from my father : a story of race and inheritance
We Europeans? : mass-observation, 'race' and British identity in the twentieth century
This is the first collection of essays to take a pan-European perspective in the study of hip-hop. How has it travelled to Europe? How has it developed in the various cultural contexts and how does it reference the American cultures of origin? The 21 authors and artists provide a comprehensive overview of hip-hop cultures in Europe from the fringes to the centers. They address hip-hop in a variety of contexts such as class, ethnicity, gender, history, pedagogy, performance, and (post)-communism.
African Carmen : transnational cinema as an arena for cultural contradictions
The creation of the small New England town in Alice Hoffman's Massachusetts novels : a cultural imagological study
Communication challenges of Finnish expatriates during the re-entry process
Cultural mythology and global leadership
Music as social mobiliser through the expression of cultural identity : Estonian forms as an ideal
Flying in the liminality between alienation and identification : interpreting the border-crossing of migrants
Redefining cultural identities : the multicultural contexts of the Central European and Mediterranean regions
Finnish migrants in Germany : identities positions, representations
Changing codified symbols of identity
Invisible Boy : the making of contemporary masculinities
Contextualizing changes : migrations, shifting borders and new identities in Eastern Europe
Food, health and identity
Finnish-German young adult's bicultural identity and its realization in Finland
The triple package : what really determines success
Intercultural communication experiences of foreign students with a focus on their perspectives of national, cultural and ethnic identity : case of exchange and degree students in Jyväskylä, Finland
Sag Harbor : a novel
Expression of cultural identity through arts : South Asians in contemporary Britain
The walking
Traditions in the construction of cultural identity
Transnational identity in contemporary visual art in Finland
Experiential activities for intercultural learning. Vol. 1
"Like Finlanders do in Finland" : associations with Finnishness and the construction of cultural identity in narrations of Finnish Americans in the documentaries Finnish American Lives and Tradition Bearers
Half-Arab, half-Finnish exceptional third culture kids : adapting to life in Finland
Arctic human development report : regional processes and global linkages
Dialogues in the diasporas : essays and conversations on cultural identity
Sharing diversity : culture as a resource for future Europe. Cultural policy and its dimensions in four European countries: Bulgaria, Finland, Germany and Poland
Bordering with culture(s) : Europeanization and cultural agency at the external border of the European Union
A translation of worlds : aspects of cultural translation and Australian migration literature
Who am i : reconstructing cultural identity upon reentry
Cultural identity and internationalism by means of visual art and music
Perspectives on endangerment
Official tourism websites : a discourse analysis perspective
Questioning the veil : open letters to Muslim women
Tribes and analogous people In India : contemporary issues
Understanding global cultures : metaphorical journeys through 29 nations, clusters of nations, continents, and diversity
Franz Kafka and his Prague contexts : studies in language and literature
Multicultural competencies in counseling : a statistical exploration
History culture and banal nationalism in post-war Bosnia
Inequality and identity : causes of war?
America through the eyes of China and India : television, identity and intercultural communication in a changing world
Multiethnic Korea? : multiculturalism, migration, and peoplehood diversity in contemporary South Korea
Minorities' rights to maintain and develop their cultures : legal implications of social science research
Let there be laughter : A Treasury of Great Jewish Humor and What It All Means
Estonianism in a Finnish organization : essays on culture, identity and otherness
Cultural routes management : from theory to practice : step-by-step guide to the Council of Europe cultural routes
Multilayered cultural identity and the perception of the self
Researching identity and interculturality
Tradition and transmission : Bantu, Indo-European, and Circumpolar great traditions
Small ethnic communities - cultural identity in danger? : January 25-27, 1996
Language of the land : policy, politics, identity
Karelia lost or won - materialization of a landscape of contested and commemorated memory
Collaboration in practice : a study of language teacher collaboration
African cultural identity and international relations : analysis of Ghanaian and Nigerian sources, 1958-1974
The creation of the Small New England Town in Alice Hoffman’s Massachusetts novels:a cultural imagological study
Migration, intercultural identities and border regions (19th and 20th centuries) = Migration, identités interculturelles et espaces frontaliers (xixe et xxe siécles)
What is cultural imperialism
Connecting the culture(s) / Olli Löytty
Queering fat embodiment
Culture and consumer behavior
The volume entitled "Re-inventing / Re-presenting Cultural Identities in a Global World" is an edited collection of twelve selected essays which address cultural identity formation in conjunction with immigration, diaspora, repatriation, as well as gender and racial politics within a globalized context. With the peripheral having now become the "center" of contemporary Western culture, this volume examines cultural, literary and linguistic diversities that have emerged from the reciprocal traffic of ideas and influences between culturally and ethnically diverse groups, politics, aesthetics and disciplines. Written in an accessible style, this volume addresses several audiences from postgraduate researchers and scholars in the fields of Anglo-American and cross-cultural studies, women's studies, popular culture studies, and ethnic and minority literature studies, to scholars and students of American literary modernism and post-modernism, the literatures of immigrants, cross-Atlantic literary studies, global and trans-atlantic studies as well as cultural geography. Due to the numerous theoretical concerns which underpin this work and its interdisciplinary approach, this publication will also be of interest to the general reader who is interested in globality and cultural identity formation as this is enacted in various geographical, cultural and political settings.
Interaction & identity
Redefining Southern culture : mind and identity in the modern South
