http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10624 school attendance
school attendance
Seventeen-year-old Greg has managed to become part of every social group at his Pittsburgh high school without having any friends, but his life changes when his mother forces him to befriend Rachel, a girl he once knew in Hebrew school who has leukemia.
Harry Potter and the philosopher's stone
Going to school
Angus, thongs and full-frontal snogging. book 1
Megastar : the fincredible diary of Fin Spencer
"Schooling for the countryside" : boarding-out schools in the north of Sweden
Polly and the pirates
Diary of a wimpy kid. 2, Rodrick rules
School rumble. 4
The sense of an ending
Also known as
The way to school
The wrong kind of bark
Wayside School is falling down
I am too absolutely small for school : featuring Charlie and Lola
"Thanks for coming" / Päivi Venäläinen
Hudson Hates School
More sideways arithmetic from Wayside School
Hudson hates school
I am Malala : the girl who stood up for education and was shot by the Taliban
Two gruesome murders have shocked the Swedish town of Helsingborg. The first victim, a thug who liked using his fists, died with his hands sawn off. His sidekick, a fan of steel-capped boots, was crushed to death feet-first. Both men were bullies in the same class at school. Is someone serving justice after thirty years? The killer leaves no trace behind. But for lead investigator Fabian Risk, the lack of forensic evidence is not the only problem. He too was a student in that class--which makes him both a potential victim and a potential suspect... Full of unremitting suspense and unexpected twists, Stefan Ahnhem's Victim Without a Face is a sensational thriller from a superb debut storyteller. -
Special needs assistants : the special characteristic and strength of the school system of Finland
The Tapper twins go to war (with each other)
We will be satisfied with nothing less : the African strggle for equal rights in the north during reconstruction
School rumble. 6
What a day it was at school!
School rumble. 7
Executive summary (s. 11-14).
Greg Heffley tells about his summer vacation and his attempts to steer clear of trouble when he returns to middle school and tries to keep his older brother Rodrick from telling everyone about Greg's most humiliating experience of the summer.
Radio for education and development : case studies
Fly on the wall
Fangirl : a novel
The school gate survival guide
Downside up
Making connections : the relational worlds of adolescent girls at Emm Willard School
An analysis of the role of social safety net scholarships in reducing school drop-out during the Indonesian economic crisis
Looking for Alibrandi
Harry Potter and the half-blood prince
Back to school, Splat!
Diary of a wimpy kid. 7, The third wheel
My first word book about school
Making Connections maps new territory in the field of psychology. The essays in this volume are “a series of exercises en route to a new psychology of adolescence and of women ... [and] part of a process that they also describe: of changing a tradition by including girls' voices, of listening to girls and asking again about the meaning of self, relationship, and morality - concepts central to any psychology of human development ... Each essay originated with a question that arose or became clarified in the experience of research. No attempt has been made to unify these essays or to arrive at a central thesis, beyond the common intention to listen for the ways in which girls orchestrate themes of connection and separation and concerns about their relationships, and about experiences of conflict.”
Too cool to be forgotten
Chamelia and the new kid in class
The wimpy vampire strikes back
Equity in education : students with disabilities, learning difficulties and disadvantages : statistics and indicators
School rumble. 1
Diary of a wimpy kid. 1
First day at Bug School
The circle
Toom iyo Safiya ayaa Dugsigii Bilaabay = Tom and Sofia start school
Middle-schooler Greg Heffley nimbly sidesteps his father's attempts to change Greg's wimpy ways until his father threatens to send him to military school.
School rumble. 3
Yes! No. (Maybe...)
Diary of a wimpy kid. 3, The last straw
Yoko's diary : the life of a young girl in Hiroshima during WWII
School report : very funny poems about school!
Little Witch goes to school
Eleanor & Park
I want a friend
Wayside School gets a little stranger
Boundless
Diary of a wimpy kid : the last straw
Perusterveydenhuolto 2013 = Primärvård 2013 = Primary health care services 2013
Nagumpisá ng iskuwéla si Tom at Sofia = Tom and Sofia start school
Running shoes
Why do we have to go to school? : school poems
Twoo Twit
Superhero school
Harry Potter and the chamber of secrets
Belinda and the bears go to school
Almost English
Why Study Online in Upper Secondary School? Qualitative Analysis of Online Learning Experiences
Student engagement in Finnish lower secondary school
My first day at school
Trouble makes a comeback
Franklin goes to school
Jedi academy : A new class
Split second
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
Starting a new school in a new country : best educational practices for internationally mobile school students : a survey of internationally mobil families with children attending state schools
Dancing in my nuddy-pants
Millie vs the world
Malala : the girl who stood up for education and changed the world
Schoolgirl fictions
I funny TV : a Middle School story
Finnish straight-A graduates' perceptions of the smoothness of their study paths
School for dads
Whiffy Wilson : the wolf who wouldn't go to school
Perusterveydenhuolto 2012 = Primärvård 2012 = Primary health care services 2012
Diary of a wimpy kid : Greg Heffley's journal
Alice and the fly
School rumble. 5
Harry Potter and the prisoner of Azkaban
It's your first day of school, Annie Claire
Amelia Bedelia's first day of school
School on the move textbook / Heljä Järnefelt
Fumble Bumble goest to school
Kiss and make up
The school leadership views on the impact of the national school feeding programme in Ghana : the case study of Adumanu M/A and Ayaasi D/A primary schools
Victim without a face
School rumble. 2
Pirates go to school
The Lottie project
Supehero school. 4 : Thunderbot's day of doom
Alienated
Ishmael and the return of the Dugongs
Babymouse : queen of the world
Me and Earl and the dying girl : a novel
How do dinosaurs go to school?
Handbook of motivation at school
Izzy's river
The Berenstain Bears' trouble at school
Starting school
Bad machinery : The case of the team spirit
Maya's secret
Diary of a wimpy kid : Rodrick rules
Improving school attendance
First day in the school!
Memories of school in adults with reading disabilities during childhood
Splat the Cat
Firelight
Hallowed
Harry Potter and the goblet of fire
In Finland, online learning has become more common in recent years. In this study, we examined why adult students chose to study online for upper secondary school. The research also focused on the support needed for learning from a special education perspective. Both qualitative and quantitative data were collected using an electronic questionnaire. In total, 58 students responded. Data were analyzed qualitatively using the content analysis technique. The findings indicate that the main reasons for online studies are similar in Finland to those found internationally: flexibility of timetables, the student's health condition, and family situations. The findings also indicate that a student's school history leads them to choose online studies. This history included a lack of support, health issues, bullying, and too large class size. Suggested future research and practical implications also are discussed.
Clementine Rose and the famous friend
Diary of a Wimpy Kid. The ugly truth
The terrible two
Design a Pram
School on wheels goes abroad / Kaija Kaitavuori
Horrid Henry's gross guide to... volume 1 : Terrible teachers!
Manual : proposals for easy school transitions in Lapland
Dancing dinos go to school
Unearthly
Going to school with narcolepsy : perceptions of families and teachers of children with narcolepsy
Madness in the mainstream
Second term at Trebizon
Greg records his sixth grade experiences in a middle school where he and his best friend, Rowley, undersized weaklings amid boys who need to shave twice daily, hope just to survive, but when Rowley grows more popular, Greg must take drastic measures to save their friendship.
