http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10656 international law of property
international law of property
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 3, Chapter 21, Private international law : Property
Modern studies in property law. Volume 4
Context over consent : addressing the status of non-signatories in international commercial arbitration
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 7, Contracts in general : Chapter 9 : The formation of contracts
Modern studies in property law. Volume 8
Model tax convention on income and on capital : June 1998 condensed version
Ausländische Betriebstätten im Ertrag- und Vermögensteuerrecht = Taxation of foreign permanent establishments
Conflict of laws
The conflict of laws : a comparative study. Vol. 3, Special obligations : modification and discharge of obligations
International financial law : lending, capital transfers and institutions
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja = Statistisk årsbok för Finland = Statistical yearbook of Finland. 2000.
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 7, Contracts in general : Chapter 13 : Rights of third parties. Third party beneficiaries and assignment
Modern studies in property law. Volume 6
OLAF at the crossroads : action against EU fraud
Property law : cases and materials
Party autonomy in international property law
The Oxford handbook of political philosophy
Introduction to German law
International financial law : lending, capital transfers and institutions. Vol. 1
The European contracts convention : the Rome convention on the choice of law for contracts
Property rights and natural resources
Reform and development of private international law : essays in honour of Sir Peter North
Principles of international insolvency
Introduction to the law of Israel
Property and the law in energy and natural resources
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 7, Contracts in general : Chapter 6 : Contract in the Far East - China and Japan
Comparative law of security and guarantees
Compensation for damage : an international perspective
Cheshire and North's Private international law
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 7, Chapter 10, Contracts in general : Formal requirements
Modern studies in property law. volume 3
The scope of the rule locus regit actum in the conflict of laws
Rules for the transfer of movables : a candidate for European harmonisation or national reforms?
Cybercrime : key issues and debates
The conflict of laws : a comparative study. Vol 2, Foreign corporations : contracts in general
Modern studies in property law. Volume 2, Property 2002
Finnish law as an option : private international law in Finland
Principles of international financial law
Model tax convention on income and on capital : updated as of 1st November 1997
Handbook of law and economics
Post-war restoration of property rights under international law. 2, Procedural aspects
Principles of international economic law
Post-war restoration of property rights under international law. 1, Institutional features and substantive law
International aspects of United States income taxation : proposals on United States taxation of foreign persons and of the foreign income of United States persons
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 3, Chapter 24, Private international law : Contracts
Property law perspectives. III
Civil code of the Russian federation : parts one, two and three
The human right to property
Family law
International financial law : lending, capital transfers, and institutions. Vol. 2
Understanding transnational commercial arbitration
The international law of property
The conflict of laws : a comparative study. Vol. 4, Property: bills and notes : inheritance : trusts : Application of foreign law : intertemporal relations
Finnish international taxation
The pursuit of nationalized property
Business law forum 2005
International law and United States law
Private international law in Russia
The Permanent Court of International Justice : a treatise
The future of family property in Europe
The new private international law of contract of the European Community : implementation of the EEC's contractual obligations convention in England and Wales under the contracts (applicable law) act 1990
