http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10611 youth research
youth research
Muslim youth : challenges, opportunities and expectations
European youth research : 1960-1970 : selective and annotated bibliography = Recherche europeenne sur la jeunesse : bibliographie selectionnee et annotee
European research on youth : supporting young people to participate fully in society : the contribution of European research
Finnish young people and youth policy in Finland
Finnish youth research anthology 1999-2014
Youth in Europe. 3, An international empirical study about the impact of religion on life orientation
Does it take a village : community effects on children, adolescent, and families
Dilemmas in child custody disputes : the child's best interest in courtroom discource
Contemporary youth research : local expressions and global connections
Representing youth : methodological issues in critical youth studies
The situation of girls and young women
Youth and society
Mediated identities : youth, agency, and globalization
The reality of research with children and young people
Perspectives on contemporary youth
Researching youth
Lesbian, gay, and bisexual identities and youth : psychological perspectives
Young : Nordic journal of youth research
Young people making a life
Family youth childhood : an inventory of important research institutes and researchers in the fields of family, youth and childhood in the EEC member states, 1992
Young People at the Crossroads : proceedings of the 5th International Youth Research Conference in Karelia, Petrozavodsk, September 2006
Youth, space and time : agoras and chronotopes in the global city
Evaluation and youth : from accountability reckoning to dynamic youth work
Youth Researchers of the World, Unite!
Researching young people. Vol. 2, Engagements
Understanding youth in the global economic crisis
Youthscapes : the popular, the national, the global
Methodological approaches to the study of generations in transition societies
Key issues in childhood and youth studies
Only hope : coming of age under China's one-child policy
Doing research with children and young people
Researching young people. Vol. 3, Identities
Growing up in Hitler's shadow : remembering youth in postwar Berlin
Ethics, social research and consulting with children and young people
The construction of youth in youth research : selected papers presented in the seminars of the Second Nordic Youth Research Symposium, Savonlinna 7.-11.6.1989
This groundbreaking collection offers a complicated portrait of girls in the 21st Century. These are the riot grrls and the Spice Girls, the good girls and the bad girls who are creating their own "girl" culture and giving a whole new meaning to "grrl" power. Featuring provocative essays from leaders in the field like Michelle Fine, Angela McRobbie, Valerie Walkerdine, Nancy Lesko, Niobe Way and Deborah Tolman, this work brings to life the ever-changing identities of today's young women. The contributors cover all aspects of girlhood from around the world and strike upon such key areas as schooling, sexuality, popular culture and identity. This is new scholarship at its best.
Commissars on the market : discursive commodities of the youth movement NASHI
Social work with young people
Youth futures : comparative research and transformative visions
Open conversation as a research interview method
Hierarchies of difference : Finnish young people's conceptions of group membership
Construction of youth
Drugs and youth cultures : global and local expressions
Editorial : What will Nordic youth research or youth policy be like in the 21st century?
Popular music and youth culture : music, identity and place
Youth in a changing world : cross-cultural perspectives on adolescence
Patterns of youth work expectations : a study of youth and their leaders
Social and cultural capital meets youth research : a critical approach
Today's youth travellers : tomorrow's global nomads
This handbook gives a new scientific perspective to youth and childhood studies as multi scientific and interdisciplinary subjects which as such have not yet found their own framing in a particular discipline. It provides theoretical and methodological key debates and issues that develop and add an understanding of childhood and youth research discipline from a broader perspective. The Handbook on Children and Youth Studies draws on current thinking, but also challenges theoretical and conceptual orthodoxies in the field, drawing on interdisciplinary thinking and critical perspectives. It focuses on childhood and youth to address the emerging consensus that the boundaries between childhood, youth and adulthood are blurred. The view that defining youth and childhood largely in terms of problem topics is out dated. Instead, the handbook focuses on 13 themes that are open to international perspectives and to different conceptual approaches. Each theme is edited by a pair of field editors, thereby capturing a plurality of views. The 13 themes as a starting point are globally timely and they need scientific debates on the boundaries between childhoods, youth and adulthood. This handbook will meet the needs of childhood and youth researchers and the academics in the field. It recognizes the changing social context of the lives of children and young people, while developing theoretical frameworks and discussing about the core substantive issues of Children and Youth Studies.
Youth learning on their own terms : creative practices and classroom teaching
Eighty thousand adolescents : a study of young people in the City of Birmingham
Youth cultures, transitions, and generations / : bridging the gab in youth research
Summary: Youth work and youth(work) research.
Understanding research with children and young people
All about the girl : culture, power, and identity
Youth research in Europe
Youth, citizenship and empowerment
Introduction
Making and breaking borders : Nyris 7, Nordic Youth Research Symposium 2000, Helsinki, Finland June 7-10, 2000 : programme and abstracts
Youth on the threshold of 3rd millennium : abstracts
Mixed methods in youth research
"The European villager" : a tour of social theory on youth from Am̀ar, Copenhagen to Europe and back! : festschrift for Sven Mørch
Innovations in youth research
The spirit of youth and the city streets
Portraits of peer violence in public space : experiences from young people in four localities in Europe
Researching young people's lives
Official responses to problem juveniles : some international reflections
Valuegenesis : ten years later : a study of two generations
What is youth? How do we understand youth in its social and cultural context? In this book, Cieslik and Simpson provide and introduction to the interdisciplinary field of youth studies. Drawing upon the latest research and developments in the field, as well as discussing the fundamental ideas underlying the disciplines as a whole, it offers a comprehensive yet unpacked understanding of youth as a social phenomenon. Illuminating the many abstract and contested concepts within youth studies, this book offers explanations to questions such as: * How might we define youth? * How can we understand young people in relation to their social identities and practices? * What is the relationship between youth and social class? * How do youth cultures develop? * How can we understand youth in a globalized perspective?
China's Generation Y : understanding the future leaders of the world's next superpower
Youth studies : fundamental issues and debates
Meeting youth in everyday life contexts : International Youth Research Conference, Joensuu 3.-6.12.1997 : abstracts
Childhood and youth studies
Youth in Europe. 1, An international empirical study about life perspectives
Lost youth in the global city : class, culture, and the urban imaginary
What more can we do? : developing a multicultural action plan for the Girls' House, a meeting place for girls and young women in Helsinki
Generation Z : their voices, their lives
Youth in a Changing Karelia : A comparative study of everyday life, future orientations and political culture of youth in North-West Russia and Eastern Finland ; Vesa Puuronen...(et al.) ed
Modernity and young people : new spiritualities, world views, values and gender differences
Teenagers in Estonia : values and behaviour
Education, employment and leisure : a study of "ordinary" young people
'Girl power' : girls reinventing girlhood
Bridging the islands of society : modeling delinquency prevention through optimization of social support
Researching young people. Vol. 1, Journeys
Between location and a sense of place : observations regarding young people's migration alacrity in Northern Europe
Dis/connected : why our kids are turning their backs on everything we thought we knew
International encyclopedia of adolescence. Vol. 2, K - Z, Index
Nordisk Ung Folk Forskning, NUFF (Nordic Young Folk Research) - a network established
Participatory research with children and young people
Vanguard or vandals : youth, politics, and conflict in Africa
Growing up online : young people and digital technologies
I am fire but my environment is the lighter : a study on locality, mobility, and youth engagement in the Barents region
Lifelines and risks : pathways of youth in our time
Early-onset depressive disorders, related mental health disorders and substance use-a prospective, longitudinal study of finnish twins born 1983-1987
Researching with children and young people : research design, methods and analysis
Younger than yesterday, older than tomorrow : cultural pespectives on contemporary childhood and youth
Transitions in context : leaving home, independence and adulthood
Youth and transition in Croatia
Key concepts in youth studies
Youth studies : an introduction
Defending ski-jumpers : a critique of theories of youth sub-cultures
International encyclopedia of adolescence. Vol. 1, A - J, Index
Handbook of children and youth studies
"In search of..." : new methodological approaches to youth research
Young people : cross-cultural views and futures
The young generation in nowadays Romania : research synthesis
Abstract. - Sammanfattning.
Youth in Europe. 2, An international empirical study about religiosity
Youth on the threshold of 3rd millennium
Youth participation in religious activities: case study of the congregations of Mikael Agricola and Munkkiniemi Churches in Helsinki, Finland and the Presbyterian Church Down Beach Limbe, Cameroon : a comparative perspective
Children's development and community's responsibility : 20-22 November 2003, Shanghai : proceedings = Ertong fazhan yu shehui zeren :  Zhongguo Shanghai, 2003 nian, 11 yue, 20-22 ri : lunwen zhaiyaoji
World Youth Report  2003 : advance version : October 2003.
Youth research in Europe : the next generation : perspectives on transitions identities and citizenship
Youth and generation : rethinking change and inequality in the lives of young people
Young people at the crossroads : proceedings of the 5th International Youth Research Conference in Karelia, Petrozavodsk, September 2006
Global/local youth - new civic cultures, rights and responsibilities : 11th Nordic Youth Research Symposium, NYRIS11 : programme and abstract book : 13-15 June 2011
