http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10690 hemp
hemp
Building with hemp
Potential and competitiveness of biomass as energy source in central Baltic Sea region : results and findings of the pure biomass project 2012-2013
The dry-line method in bast fibre production
Towards sustainable intensification of feedstock production with nutrient cycling
Hempcrete Noise Barrier Wall for Highway Noise Insulation : Research & Construction
Hemp bound : dispatches from the front lines of the next agricultural revolution
Harvesting and processing of fibre hemp : final report
Cultivation of Brassica species and Cannabis by ancient Finnic peoples, traced by linguistic, historical and ethnological data : revision of Brassica napus as B. radice-rapi
Study of two biochemically modified plant materials, hempseed (Cannabis sativa L. FIN- 314) and canola (Brassica spp.), as partial fish meal substitutes for rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss) feeds
Industrial hemp in Finland
Bast and other plant fibres
Building With Hemp
Flax and hemp fibres : a natural solution for the composite industry / editors: Frédéric Reux and Ignaas Verpoest ; translator: Carolyn McBride Nafziger ; authors: CELC European Scientific Committee
"Efficient use and production of energy is a relevant factor for a green economy. Sustainable use of energy resources has significant effects on the development and preservation of the Central Baltic Sea Region environment in the next decades and centuries. Diverse use of biomass in energy production is important for increasing the energy supply to meet our growing demands and solving our local, regional and global environmental challenges. The objective of the Pure Biomass project was to build public understanding about the benefits of using biomass for energy production. Project activities were based on studies of biomass availability, technical-economic aspects and environmental protection. The results can be used to promote the technical and economic benefits of the use of different types of biomass feedstock in energy production in the project focus areas. This publication offers the main results of the multinational Pure Biomass project in the form of articles written by experts in their own fields. The publication consists of studies conducted during the project and will reveal the experiences gained within and also outside the project network." --
Hemp horizons : the comeback of the world's most promising plant
Hemp : industrial production and uses
Mary Jane's hash brownies, hot pot and other marijuana munchies : 30 delectable ways with weed
Hygienic quality of stem fractions of mechanically processed fibre hemp and linseed
Equilibrium moisture content of flax/linseed and fibre hemp straw fractions
Russian cloth seals in Britain : trade, textiles and origins
The hempcrete book : designing and building with hemp-lime
Evaluation of fresh and preserved herbaceous field crops for biogas and ethanol production
An overview of cannabis potency in Europe
Cultivation of Brassica species and Cannabis by ancient Finnic peoples, tracted by linguistic, historical and ethnological data; revision of Brassica napus as B. radice-rapi
Advances in hemp research
Optimized methods to determine ligand activities at the cannabinoid CB1 and CB2 receptors
White linen - cloth of luxury
Quality of Linum usitatissimum L. (flax and linseed) and Cannabis sativa L. (fibre hemp) during the production chain of fibre raw material for thermal insulations
Towards bast fibre production in Finland : Stem and fibre yields and mechanical fibre properties of selected fibre hemp and linseed genotypes
Towards bast fibre production in Finland : stem and fibre yields and mechanical fibre properties of selected fibre hemp and linseed genotypes
Microbial quality of linseed and fibre hemp plants during growing and harvest seasons
The 1st Nordic Conference on Flax and Hemp Processing : 10 - 12 August 1998, Tampere Hall, Tampere 1998 : proceedings abstracts of posters
Microbial quality of hemp (Cannabis sativa L.) and flax (Linum usitatissimum L.) from plants to thermal insulation
