http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10631 questionnaire survey
questionnaire survey interview study
Tourism product experience of Chinese travellers to Finland
Customer Satisfaction Survey for Global Warranty Service Handling in Company X
Strategic Marketing Planning for  a B2B High-Tech Manufacturer
Job satisfaction at Company Teija Jousi Viikarit
Managing contracts in subcontracting relations : example in the textile and clothing industry
Customer satisfaction survey of Oras products
User's guide for the QPSNordic : General Nordic Questionnaire for psychological and social factors at work
Satisfaction : a behavioral perspective on the consumer
B2C marketing plan : focusing on camera product category for Le Bao Minh Joint Stock Investment Company
Developing marketing and communication : Case Tampere Chamber of Commerce and Industry
Social workers engagement with the social media
So you want to do research! : a guide for beginners on how to formulate research questions
Making a new life : a study of foreign degree students in the University of Helsinki
The pattern of human concerns
Subjective and objective measures of emotions in REM sleep dreams
Knee Problems among Iaido Practitioners
A Handbook in Package Tour Arrangement : Golf Tourism
Destination image of Estonia among Finns
Today's youth travellers : tomorrow's global nomads
The development and widespread use of Web surveys have resulted in an outpouring of research on their design. In this volume, Tourangeau, Conrad, and Couper provide a comprehensive summary and synthesis of the literature on this increasingly popular method of data collection. The book includes new integration of the authors' work with other important research on Web surveys, including a meta-analysis of studies that compare reports on sensitive topics in Web surveys with reports collected in other modes of data collection. Adopting the total survey error framework, the book examines sampling and coverage issues, nonresponse, measurement, and the issues involved in combining modes. In addition, the conclusion provides a model for understanding the errors in estimates that combine data collected in more than one mode. Web surveys have several important characteristics that affect their ability to collect accurate survey data. Discussing these in detail, the authors address basic design decisions from input widgets to background colors. They additionally focus on the visual character of Web surveys, on their ability to automatically interact with respondents, and on the Web as a method of self-administration. The Science of Web Surveys is relevant for those with the practical goal of improving their own surveys and those with an interest in understanding an increasingly important method of data collection.
Guidelines for assessing nutrition-related knowledge, attitudes and practices
The Influence of Latvian Labor Emigration Abroad on Latvia's Competitiveness
Measuring customer satisfaction a case study: Kuopio Setlementti Puijola RY (Kompassi)
Development of Maintenance Assisting Software Application for Mobile Work Machine
SAS/STAT 12.1. user's Guide : survey data analysis /.
Customer Satisfaction Survey for an E-commerce Company : Case: Omenamies
Improving the management of demand information in a globally operating company : case NK Cables
Validation of the General Nordic Questionnaire (QPSNordic) for psychological and social factors at work
The patient's treatment with CPAP face mask from staff nurses' perspective
Alcohol use among elderly at home care
The importance given to the topic of Motivation has increased rapidly over the past centuries. The topic has been researched by an amount of researchers and has over time been adopted as an integral part of management procedures.   The main aims of this research are to find out what motivation means for the restaurant employees in Finnish Lapland. The author aims at finding out what motivates the restaurant employees in Finnish Lapland, and if the restaurant work force in Finnish Lapland is motivated at all. Furthermore the findings are compared to existing theory to see if similarities or differences to these can be found.  For the gathering of information for this research a questionnaire was designed. The questionnaires were distributed to approximately 40 restaurant companies in Finnish Lapland during the spring 2002. All restaurant employees were included in the study. Furthermore, the author was working in Lapland during the spring 2002, and thereby was able to collect further information by observation.  The research showed that restaurant employees in Finnish Lapland in first place are motivated by a good work atmosphere. As an opposite, a bad work atmosphere is the most de-motivating factor for the restaurant work force in Finnish Lapland. Furthermore, most of the employees feel that their supervisors motivate them. Main ways how managers motivate their employees are by communicating, encouraging and supporting them. Still, only less than one third of the employees included in the research plans to keep working in the restaurant industry for the rest of their life.
Increasing customer commitment by strengthening sales process
Computationally intelligent methods for qualitative data analysis
How do respondents understand survey questions on ill-health?
Trust-related network collaboration - difficulties, potential and paradoxes
Suitability of emotional response advertising to wine festivals : case: Viinikylä
Your Opinion, please! : how to build the best questionnaires in the field of education
Questionnaires in second language research : construction, administration, and processing
Prevention of money laundering in a financial institution : customer due diligence
Social climate of forest bioenergy development in China among forestry stakeholders
Intercultural competence development of Finnish higher education personnel : case: Lahti UAS
Abstract: An investigation into the issues facing effective employee induction : the case of new employee induction at the Skanska Nordic Procurement Unit. The main objective of this study was to investigate what are the issues and possible problems that this one unit in a researched company is facing in their induction and how the employees themselves see the current situation of the induction.    The researched company unit felt that there was a need for a  concentrated induction process created especially for the employees of this particular unit. Before planning the new process, it would be essential to map the current situation  and define the issues that have to be taken into account when planning the induction.    This Bachelor's Thesis is therefore investigating what are the most important issues to take into consideration when it comes to new employee induction.    A critical review of the literature was carried out and an online questionnaire was administered to 53 employees who had joined the researched company unit within the past year.    The results revealed that there is no common process followed at the researched company unit. Furthermore, the findings illustrate that the issues that the company should take into account regarding the induction are the induction plan and the presence of the immediate supervisor on the newcomer's first day.
Abstract: Customer Satisfaction Survey to Zeppelin Shopping Centre.
Calibration as a standard method for treatment of nonresponse
Young People as a Customer Segment for Travel Agency Services
Internet survey as customer satisfaction research method : case: Hercules Finland Oy  -  Tampere Plant
This study was carried out with the view of establishing the implication of avoiding impropriety in the communication process for improved organisational performance in Lafarge WAPCO Cement plc. This was to enable the researcher establish the relevance and role of Effective Communication in the improvement of productivity through the attainment of organisational goals and objectives. This the research achieved through the adoption of questionnaire and open ended written interviews as study methods and executable recommendations made from derived analysis. However, at the conclusion of our investigation it was proved that Effective Communication is a Tool that Increases Organisational Productivity.
Ujamaa : socialism from above
Finnish travel web sites : perceived usefulness from foreignerś point of view
Children's oral health promotion programme in the Democratic People's Republic of Korea
The Impact of Information Communication Technology on Small and Medium Scale Enterprises Productivity In Nigeria
Usability evaluation : applying the evaluation methods and techniques to evaluate the usability of Web sites
An Investigation into the Issues Facing Effective Employee Induction : The Case of New Employee Induction at the Skanska Nordic Procurement Unit
Effective communication as a tool to increase organisational productivity
Backpacker 2.0 : Contemporary backpackers and their use of social media as an information and communication platform
Abstract: Researching business to business customer satisfaction and loyalty.
Female enterprise development : a case study of  graduate women in Nairobi
The science of web surveys
Motivation Factors in Dark Tourism : case: House of Terror
Understanding consumer purchase and selection of organic foods : case: K-citymarket Oy Lahti Paavola
Attributes Customers Look for When Choosing Online Stores
The perception of climate changes by population (FVG-Slovenia area) : ClimChAlp Project
Question evaluation methods : contributing to the science of data quality
Development and piloting of a survey instrument for evaluating the impact of multi-dose dispensing on medication adherence
Acquisition of new members/support for Amnesty International
Ethnographic questionnaires : after method, after questions
Survey of fine art collections in the registered museums of North West England
Bridging the islands of society : modeling delinquency prevention through optimization of social support
The business image of the restaurant Figaro : as experienced by the finnish and foreign students of Jyväskylä Polytechnic
School culture development in China : perceptions of teachers and principals
Payment systems for ex-farm milk
The process of making a handbook : case: event management
A CUSTOMER SATISFACTION RESEARCH OF B2C ONLINE PURCHASING SERVICES IN CHINA -Case Company JD.COM
Analysis of a new product package for a travel agency
Abstract: Customer satisfaction survey of Oras products.
Small and medium-sized companies' experiences of survey applications
Motivation and the restaurant work force in Finnish Lapland
Health risks of being a chef and its effects on chefs and the restaurant business
Customer satisfaction survey for a game centre
Reliability of Finnish WOMAC and KOOS questionnaires in women with early knee osteoarthritis
Customer Satisfaction in Service Industry : Case Study of Nokia River Golf
Findability and visibility of the outdoor activities done in Finland in international media
Challenges in entering Vietnamese market for companies in the sharing economy
Developing a Sport Event : Case: Sport U20 Ice Hockey Team
Marketing of international degree programmes of Jyväskylä polytechnic
A Guide on How to Create a Credible Tourism Website
LEADERSHIP APPROACH IN SMALL SCALE INDUSTRIES IN GHANA : A Case Study Of Data Bank Financial Service Limited-Ghana
Figuring things out : a trainer's guide to needs and task analysis
Using questionnaires in small-scale research : a teacher's guide
Test guide for sociology
Knee problems among iaido practitioners
The Rosie project : a novel
The practice of questioning
An introduction to market and social research : planning and using research tools & techniques
The role of relationship marketing as a tool for growth in Ghanaian banking sector . (Case of HFC bank Ghana)
Group dynamics in flipped learning situations in higher education
Leadership Styles and Traits in the Public Sector : Study in Vaasa Central Hospital
A new approach to faster retail service and customer satisfaction : how NFC and RFID technologies may improve current retail business performance
Do wheezing infants grow up to be asthmatic adults? : asthma prevalence in relation to early-life and current risk factors
The craft of inquiry : theories, methods, evidences
Questionnaires used in the study of attitudes of computer professionals and computer science students
Advertising strategies in China`s hotel industry
Vocabulary learning in upper secondary school : A study on the students' use of learning strategies
Tourists' interest in participating sustainability activities while travelling
State owned enterprise reformation in China
Benefits of social media marketing for small businesses
Organizational internal communication : case Tanssipaviljonki Tulenliekki
Customer satisfaction : Case: A student mobility services agency
Online surveys in collecting cross-cultural qualitative user experience feedback
An investigation into the issues facing effective employee induction : the case of new employee induction at the Skanska Nordic Procurement Unit
The purpose of the thesis was to make a customer satisfaction survey for the case company in order to figure out the customer satisfaction level in the company. The objective of the thesis study was to find out if there has happened any change in the customer satisfaction after the previous survey (carried out in 2006). Also the objective of the thesis study was to figure out if the change of ownership (happened in 2013) has influenced to the customer satisfaction. The main objective for the author was to learn more about customer relation management, customer satisfaction and the process of making the customer satisfaction survey.  The idea of making the customer satisfaction survey came from the case company Forchem Oy since they haven't issued any satisfaction surveys for a while. The customer satisfaction survey was carried out as an email survey. The author sent the customers email with a cover letter and in the end of the email the customer could open the survey by clicking the link for the questionnaire. The questionnaire had 5 questions and it was sent to the customers in the middle of February. Customers had 13 days' time to answer and four days before the deadline was sent a reminder. The questions of the questionnaire were partly based on the previous questionnaire. Due to the fact that the previous survey was carried out nine years ago all answers were not comparable.  The thesis study includes the theory part where the author has introduced background for the customer satisfaction survey. Factors like customer relationship management, customer satisfaction and customer satisfaction measurement were explained in the theory part. After the theory part the author has explained the process of making the questionnaire. The research findings are in the chapter 8. Based on the answers of questionnaire, the author made figures to explain the results. In the end of the thesis study are recommendations for the case company as well as the most important findings of the level of customer satisfaction. The very important recommendation for the case company is that the case company should carry out the customer satisfaction survey in frequent time periods. This would help the company to get closer to the customer needs and wishes and also be able to hear more ideas what to develop for example.
Journal of survey statistics and methodology
Examining what self-rated health question is understood to mean by respondents
Inspiration: An Analysis of Students' Conception of Inspiration in Art and Design
A Market Research Study for Establishing an African Restaurant in Vaasa
The Effect of Culture on the Sales Process Within a Global Company. Case Company ABB Oy Distribution Automation Sales Unit.
Product design and development project of an internet-based survey system
Satisfaction survey of music against drugs
Summary.
The choice questionnaire : design and evaluation of an instrument for collecting informed opinions of a population
The market survey of mobile stone crushers and screeners
Streamlining travel expence report instructions: case: UPM-Kymmene Oyj
Valuation uncertainty : what is it ?
Customer satisfaction survey for the case company
The Effectiveness of Social Media as a Marketing Communication Tactic : Case Gina Tricot Ltd
Event management is a growing business that is spread out into different sub-sections that operate with varying levels of proficiency. What is interesting about the business is that it touches the lives of a huge number of people but has raised little "official" interest, which could be reasoned by looking at how much resources are put into training new event management professionals. Moreover, the lack of proper literature on the subject by local authors makes aspiring event professionals start out their careers in the world of events by making the same mistakes as everyone else. This is a great shame and a situation that calls for corrective action.   Professionals in event management were interviewed for this thesis in order to find what event management is all about and what are the prerequisites for people who aim for success in the business. This information, along with the authors' own experiences, are to help produce a handbook for the beginning event manager, a handbook that helps smooth out the ruts that hinder the performance of those who are fresh to the trade.  Through the interviews the authors found out that the Finnish event management professionals have very similar views of event management as their American colleagues (as most books on the subject are written by American authors); still, they acknowledged the meaning of Finland indigenous cultural climate and limitations it sets on how such literature can be used here for educational purposes. They agreed that a handbook that would illuminate the Finnish business culture and leave the reader better prepared for the real world would greatly attribute to the training of new event management professionals.
Children's media barometer 2011 : media use among 7-11-year-old children and their experiences on media education : an english summary of the original Finnish report
It was not until 1970s that developing countries began to step into the international tourism market. During the 1980s, the Asian Pacific region moved from being a minor player in the international tourism scene to becoming the fastest-growing and most talked about region of the world. Factors influencing travel growth in this region included the opening of new air routes, new treaties and agreements granted between countries, the relaxation of government travel barriers, the provision of cheaper travel and accommodations packages, increased marketing and promotional activities in destination countries, and rapid growing economy in the developing countries, of course. According to WTO's (World Tourism Organization) estimation, by the year 2020, the top worldwide tourists generating countries are Germany, Japan, the United States and P.R. China. There will be 405 million outbound tourists traveling from East Asia/pacific area to the other part of the world in year 2020. Asian tourism will grow fast in new millennium. Europe, as the largest destination region for years, will be still sharing the big portion of the market in terms of tourists' destination. Finland, located in Europe, as an attractive sustainable tourism destination with its pure and untouched nature, is interested to Asian tourists especially Chinese ones. Statistics show, there are over 100 000 Chinese travelers coming to Finland in the past two years and the number will enlarge in the following years. As it is still a new market segment to Finnish industry, the industry needs to develop new products which are Chinese customers focused efficiently as the most important challenge to be faced. This research is done by two native Chinese students from Haaga Institute, it covers concepts of tourism, tourism product, international tourists and tourism impacts. Authors hope that the thesis will generate efficient ideas and comments in terms of tourism development and management via short term marketing research and studies.   necessary measures to build Finland also as a tourism destination for the Chinese mass tourists of tomorrow.
Qualitative research in nursing and healthcare
The Importance Of Shareholder Value in Decision-Making
Internships of highly skilled medical professionals and ways of their professional development between Russia and Finland
Going multicultural : leadership in international organizations in Finland : case study: UPM-Kymmene's GTS
Customer Satisfaction Survey. Case: Purchase Order Centre, Prague. Nokia Siemens Networks.
Popular Golf Holiday Destinations among Finnish Golfers: Where and Why?
Improving Customer Satisfaction at Oy Poppamies
The Shop-in-Shop concept : Case study Kari Aukia Oy
Wind Energy Consultancies in Finland
Values as tools of management : case: new values of Nordea Bank
Money laundering - emphasis on customer due diligence -  as a final thesis topic was developed during my practical training as a banking advisor at Nordea Bank Finland. The topic was a current issue at work especially due to tightening legal obligations but also due to sanctions given to Nordea Group in Sweden for neglecting proper customer due diligence procedures. Not only was the topic current and important to the commissioner but also very interesting when connected to international business studies. The goal of the thesis was study the interrelationship of the parties involved: Finnish Act on money laundering and customer due diligence; party subject to the law; the customers of the party. How the law obliges the party to know its customers more thoroughly; how the party obtains information from the customer; how the customers react and experience the thorough interviewing when opening a new customer relationship. The Finnish Act is very strict concerning customer due diligence. If it cannot be properly followed, a new customer relationship cannot be opened nor a transaction executed. There are numerous different money laundering methods and the scale of it represents an OECD 2009 study, where the amount of illicit money laundered globally in 2009 was evaluated to be 2.7% of the global GDP. Major issues facing financial institutions are: Identifying the origin of the funds; how a company's account will be used (what kind of traffic will be expected); and transparency of ownership. While the studies showed that major situations that caused suspicion was connected to incoming funds and money transfers, a survey conducted in the Nordea corporate branch among the employees supported this study. The major question in the survey was what kind of questions generated avoidance among customers and the most common answer was origin of the funds and future account traffic. The other survey was conducted in order to gain knowledge about customers' experience in the Nordea corporate branch. It is generally considered that the numerous questions in the interviewing might be irritating to the customers, but the survey results indicate contrary opinions. In order for the interviewing to be smooth and comfortable, a conversational approach could be used. Customer service skills are highlighted in how the questions are asked. The main focus in obtaining information should be in knowing how the banking services/products will be used and where the funds are originating. This enables the detection of suspicious activity on both transparent and non-transparent companies.
In this thesis, I concentrate on the use and marketing of survey applications in Finnish markets. The research population consists of small and medium-sized companies in the greater Helsinki area. My research problem is based on Haagasurvey Oy's fast growth: the company that catapulted from a student project to market leader has maintained its goal of maximum profit through continuous prospecting. At the same time, it has suffered from a lack of customer feedback, which is needed to improve both its customer service and product development. In the theoretical part, I will focus on service marketing and will analyze the nature of services by describing the interfaces between the service provider and the customer. These interfaces will clarify what the service provider should take into consideration when providing for a customer's production-enhancing needs, while realizing that customers may have different reactions to the images and feelings that the given service evokes. In essence, I set out to chart those things that would give indications of the right marketing measures at Haagasurvey Oy. I cannot generalize my survey results because of the small response rate, but the responses will support my experiences as Haagasurvey Oy's Sales Manager. Currently, Haagasurvey Oy is carrying out broader customer satisfaction research together with professional guidance, due to the questions I put forward in this thesis. In other words, my initial work has apparently been of some tangible value. There are also indications that Haagasurvey Oy is transforming itself into a more consultative organization, as opposed to a sales-oriented one, which I think is a positive sign of future developments.
Assessment and development of the Degree Programme in Tourism in Tampere University of Applied Sciences
Fetishes, props, and prostheses : a product sematics approach to evaluate consumer preferences and meanings of industrial design products
Personnel training and development as a tool for organizational efficiency
Further Development of Supplier Portal
Library use of ebooks, 2012 edition
A market analysis of single-house renovation services in Finland : a customer-oriented service and business development
EU-MIDIS at a glance : introduction to the FRA's EU-wide discrimination survey
Marketing of Nice Run
The Usage of IFRS in Finland and Germany
360° Marketing and Communication Strategies Proposal
Report on children's Internet usage
Franchising as a Potential Growth Strategy for a Small Business : A Case of Sam-Chi Fast Food Restaurant
Applied conversation analysis : intervention and change in institutional talk
Marketing plan for a new business venture
Business plan, establishing an adventurous night club situated in Helsinki
Guides for stress coping during clinical training for international degree nursing students
Cognitive interviewing practice
E-commerce strategies of group buying websites : case study: Groupon Inc.
Abstract: Nature tourism in national parks - internet pages as a source of travel information.
Industrial subsidies : a reporting manual
Waste and recycling attitudes and behavior of students in Turku
Information technology development needs in community pharmacies : a strategic approach
Researching customer satisfaction and loyalty : how to find out what people really think
Customer satisfaction of Nice Run
Researching business to business customer satisfaction and loyalty
Interviewing practices for technical writers
Views of the Inuvialuit on sustainable development in the Mackenzie Gas Project in the Inuvialuit Settlement Region, Northwest Territories, Canada
Contingent valuation : analysis of interval open-ended data
Studying resident satisfaction of YH-Yhtymä Länsi Oy and VVO by conducting a marketing research
Marketing Potential of Innovative Products and Services in Shanghai Wedding Celebration Industry : The Case of SPH
Development of the Touruvuori outdoor recreation area
Smoking and SF-36 health functioning
A Survey of modern Bible translation work and its linguistic effects
Causes of response uncertainty and its implications for WTP estimation in choice experiment
The client factor : a study of clients' expectations regarding non-literary translators and the quality of non-literary translations
Market Signals from the Solid Wood Consumers to Timber Producers : Methods for Improving the Connections  Between Users and Producers of Radiata Pine in New Zealand
"Almost as annoying as the Yank; better accent, though" : attitudes and conceptions of Finnish students toward accents of English
Customer satisfaction of an apartment hotel
Research about Flea Market : Case Oranssi Kirppis in Varkaus
Creating an Internal Communications Development Plan for Sandvik Mining and Construction
Differences in working methods and working environment : case Study: Finland, Sweden and Russia
Buy and sell website
Attitudes toward Russian customers in the Finnish retail trade sector - a salesperson ́s point of view
Culture's Effect on Communication in a Hotel Reception
Survey methods and practices
International perspectives on nonresponse : proceedings of the Sixth International Workshop on Household Survey Nonresponse, 25-27 October 1995
Survey research practice
Developing Multichannel, Cross-border Customer Service
Analysing specific customer segments : case: Uponor Suomi Oy
Participant satisfaction in an international event
