http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1060 the existing
the existing the being
The role of diet during pregnancy and infancy in the development of childhood allergies and asthma
New papers on the present : focus on presentism
Implementation of interventions in the CHIMACA project
Categories of being : essays on metaphysics and logic
The human place in the cosmos
Being and time
Evaluation of energy efficiency and best available techniques in pumping processes
Women's autonomy and maternal health care utilization in Nepal
Incidental mortality in commercial fisheries around the world is a threat to seabirds and is causing decline in many breeding populations. Guidelines were prepared during this expert consultation to assist countries in developing policies and plans of action for reducing incidental catch and mortality of seabirds in fisheries.--Publisher's description.
Language, world and God : an essay in ontology
Heidegger : the critique of logic
Abstract (kuvailulehti): Continuum - Rethinking BAT Emissions of the Pulp and Paper Industry in the European Union.
Heidegger's philosophy : a guide to his basic thought
This volume comprises one of the key lecture courses leading up to the publication in 1966 of Adorno's major work, "Negative Dialectics."
Supplements : from the earliest essays to Being and time and beyond
Philosophy of being : a reconstructive essay in metaphysics
Tupakkatilasto 2014 = Tobaksstatistik 2014 = Tobacco statistics 2014
An introduction to metaphysics
Heidegger and Aristotle : the twofoldness of being
Tobacco use among pregnant women in Nepal : prevalence and socio-demographic determinants
The essence of human freedom : an introduction to philosophy
Parmenides, cosmos, and being : a philosophical interpretation
Dis-positions : the structures and limit concepts of articulations of being in Aristotle, Kant, Heidegger and Lacan
Heidegger's being and time : a reader's guide
Tim Crane addresses the ancient question of how it is possible to think about what does not exist. He argues that the representation of the non-existent is a pervasive feature of our thought about the world, and that to understand thought's representational power we need to understand the representation of the non-existent.
Environment-friendly electronics : lead-free technology
Continuum : rethinking BAT emissions of the pulp and paper industry in the European Union
Bothnian Bay Life : BAT information exchange system
To have or to be?
Persistence : contemporary readings
Martin Heidegger and Meister Eckhart : a path towards Gelassenheit
Best available techniques (BAT) for the printing industry
The mystery of existence : why is there anything at all?
Fishing operations. 2, Best practices to reduce incidental catch of seabirds in capture fisheries
Being and goodness : the concept of the good in metaphysics and philosophical theology
The problem of existence
Report of the Expert Consultation on Best Practice Technical Guidelines for IPOA/NPOA-Seabirds : Bergen, Norway, 2-5 September 2008.
Endothelial function and regulation of vascular tone in normal and complicated pregnancies
A handbook of industrial ecology
Techno-economic study on the reduction measures, based on best available technology, of water discharges and waste generation from refineries
Husserl and Heidegger on being in the world
Complicated presence : Heidegger and the postmetaphysical unity of being
Synthesis of single and mixed metal oxides for VOCs oxidation
The Finnish background report for the EC documentation of best available techniques for pulp and paper industry
Health Economics and Outcome Studies on Type 2 Diabetes Education and Screening in a Chinese Population
Complicated presence : the unity of being in Parmenides and Heidegger
Why the world does not exist
Foundations of green IT : consolidation, virtualization, efficiency, and ROI in the data center
Study on the technical and economic aspects of measures to reduce (on the basis of best available technology) the pollution of water and other environmental areas from the non-ferrous metal industry
Finnish expert report on best available techniques in energy production from solid recovered fuels
Heidegger's later philosophy
Forest industry energy consumption : trends and effect of modern mills
Environmental requirements for industrial permitting. Vol. 2, OECD Workshop on the Use of Best Available Technologies and Environmental Quality Objectives, Paris, 9-11 May 1996.
Study on the technical and economical aspects of measures to reduce (on the basis of the best available technologies) the pollution (of water and other environmental areas) from the industrial emissions of cokeries : final report September 1992
Role of 3'UTR in the regulation of neurotrophic factors BDNF and GDNF
Diet, body adiposity and cardiometabolic risk in a population sample of primary school children
Barries to utilization of focused antenatal care among pregnant women in ntchisi district in Malawi
Heidegger and Aristotle : the question of being
Finnish expert report on best available techniques in nickel production
The doctrine of being in the Aristotelian Metaphysics : a study in the Greek background of mediaeval thought
The one and the many : in the works of Heraclitus, Parmenides and Lao Zi
Otherwise than being or beyond essence
A guide to Heidegger's Being and time
Environmental sustainability in the Finnish printing and publishing industry
DEA : an aid for identification of BAT in the inorganic surface treatment industry
The metaphysical thought of Thomas Aquinas : from finite being to uncreated being
Best environmental practices in metal mining operations
Aristotle
Commentary on Aristotle's Metaphysics
Tupakkatilasto 2013 = Tobaksstatistik 2013 = Tobacco statistics 2013
The objects of thought
Does Santa exist? : a philosophical investigation
The absent foundation : Heidegger on the rationality of being
A Study of User Experience: Aesthetic, Tangible User Interface Concepts in the Context of Adaptive Hotel Room
Presentism is the view that only the present exists. Eternalism, by contrast, is the view that present, past and future objects and times exist. Philosophers have been divided for centuries regarding whether reality is an ever changing present consisting of objects and events coming into and out of existence, or whether reality is composed of all that did, does, and will exist. On the one hand, presentism and the associated dynamical view of time look closer to common sense and to the way we ordinarily think and talk about past and future objects; on the other hand, there are aspects of common sense talk that are more easily accommodated by eternalism, and, arguably, eternalism is a better ?t with contemporary science. In the last two decades in analytic philosophy both positions have been defended and the literature ?ourishes with arguments for and against each of them, along with a huge family of alternative proposals.§§This proliferation of views and the many attendant discussions provides evidence for the importance of the issue in the contemporary philosophy of time. The present volume targets anyone who is interested in metaphysics and the philosophy of language, from those who are new to the philosophy of time to those whose studies are more advanced. It provides updated and re?ned research perspectives on topics such as the status of the present, the groundedness of truth, cross-temporality, the passage of time, and the methodological assumptions behind the debate between presentists and eternalists.§The book is to be read as a coherent whole and not as a series of disparate papers on a similar theme; it settles the terms and me-thelology oh the debate, weighs the costs and bene?ts of each posi-tion and considers the plausibility of alternative solutions. The papers offered are novel, and add to the literature on the philoso-phy of time, while at the same time they are written so as to focus on the core issues at play in the debate and not to get bound up in small technical side issues. This is why they are of general interest both to specialists in the philosophy of time and to those who are approaching these issues for the ?rst time. Bibliographies will be found at the end of each paper, and we hope they will constitute a helpful research tool for the reader.
Epidemiologic studies on overweight and obesity in adolescents : the role of early-life risk factors, eating patterns and common genetic variants
This edited volume is a comprehensive presentation of views on the relations between metaphysics and logic from Aristotle through twentieth century philosophers who contributed to the return of metaphysics in the analytic tradition. The collection combines interest in logic and its history with interest in analytical metaphysics and the history of metaphysical thought. By so doing, it adds both to the historical understanding of metaphysical problems and to contemporary research in the field. Throughout the volume, essays focus on metaphysica generalis, or the systematic study of the most ...
The doctrine of being in the Aristotelian Metaphysics
Otherwise than being, or, Beyond essence
Energy consumption trends and energy consumption in modern mills in forest industry
Energy efficiency in environmental permits
The question of being : a reversal of Heidegger
Environmental requirements for industrial permitting. Vol. 1, Approaches and instruments
Techno-economic study on the reduction measures based on best available techniques of emissions (water, wastes, air) from the pesticides manufacturing industry : final report
Lectures on negative dialectics : fragments of a lecture course 1965/1966
Heidegger's early philosophy : the phenomenology of ecstatic temporality
Finnish expert report on best available techniques in ferrochromium production
Dialectic and difference : finitude in modern thought
Time and modes of being
Trilogical metaphysics. Vol.1, Liberation of being
Environmental protection standards at petrol stations : a comparative study between Finland and selected European countries
Why hasn't everything already disappeared?
Existence : essays in ontology
The age of planetary space : on Heidegger, being, and metaphysics of globalization
The theory of the pure object
Abstract: Wastewater and waste gas treatment in the chemical industry in Finland.
Environmental requirements for industrial permitting. Vol. 3, Regulatory approaches in OECD countries
The logic of being : historical studies
Sounding the limits of life : essays in the anthropology of biology and beyond
Complicated presence : the unity of being in Parmenides and Heidegger / Jussi Backman
Heidegger and the problem of phenomenality
Heidegger and homecoming : the Leitmotif in the later writings
Analytical Thomism : traditions in dialogue
Aristotle on contrariety as principle of first philosophy
"The problem of the nature of being was central to ancient and medieval philosophy, and continues to be relevant today. In this collection of thirteen recent essays, Peter van Inwagen applies the techniques of analytical philosophy to a wide variety of problems in ontology and meta-ontology. Topics discussed include the nature of being, the meaning of the existential quantifier, ontological commitment, recent attacks on metaphysics and ontology, the concept of ontological structure, fictional entities, mereological sums, and the ontology of mental states. Van Inwagen adopts a generally 'Quinean' position in meta-ontology, yet reaches ontological conclusions very different from Quine's. The volume includes two previously unpublished essays, one of which is an introductory essay where van Inwagen explains his conception of the relation between the language of 'the ordinary business of life' and that of 'the ontology room'. The volume will be an important collection for students and scholars of metaphysics." --Publisher's description.
