http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1064 New Criticism
New Criticism
Praising it new : the best of the New Criticism
The Blackwell guide to literary theory
Theory of literature
Chaucer. Animaduersions uppon the annotacions and corrections of some imperfections of impressiones of Chaucers workes : (sett downe before tyme and nowe) reprinted in the yere of oure lorde 1598 sett downe by Francis Thynne
The Nine Saga Studies collected in this volume concern such diverse topics as masculinity, dreams, ghosts, and education in witchcraft. Together they form an attempt to take saga scholarship into a new direction with a strong focus on both highly modern and classical human concerns and emotions, away from the traditional emphasis on origins and authorship.
Identity through a language lens
Geoffrey Chaucer
The prose of Osip Mandelstam : The noise of time ; Theodisia ; The Egyptian stamp
Wayward skeptic : the theories of R. P. Blackmur
After the new criticism
T.S. Eliot: The waste land
Interpretation and method : studies in the explication of literature
Retranslation : translation, literature and reinterpretation
Criticism and truth
Marked by a rigorously close textual reading, detached from biographical or other extratextual material, New Criticism was the dominant literary theory of the mid-twentieth century. Since that time, schools of literary criticism have arisen in support of or in opposition to the approach advocated by the New Critics. Nonetheless, the theory remains one of the most important sources for groundbreaking criticism and continues to be a controversial approach to reading literature. Praising It New is the first anthology of New Criticism to be printed in fifty years. It includes important essays by such influential poets and critics as T. S. Eliot, Ezra Pound, John Crowe Ransom, Allen Tate, Yvor Winters, Cleanth Brooks, R. P. Blackmur, W. K. Wimsatt, and Robert Penn Warren. Together, these authors ushered in the modernist age of poetry and criticism and transformed the teaching of literature in the schools. As the American poet and critic Randall Jarrell once noted: “I do not believe there has been another age in which so much extraordinarily good criticism of poetry has been written.” This anthology now makes much of the best American poetry criticism available again, and includes short biographies and selected bibliographies of its chief figures. Praising It New is the perfect introduction for students to the best American poetry criticism of the twentieth century.
The nimble reader : literary theory and children's literature
Deconstruction : a reader
A reader's guide to contemporary literary theory
The Chekhov play : a new interpretation
Meknowt'iwn Araraçoc' = Commentary on Genesis
Post-theory, culture, criticism
Twentieth-century women novelists : feminist theory into practice
Chaucer. Animaduersions uppon the annotacions and corrections of some imperfections of impressiones of Chaucers workes (sett downe before tyme and nowe) reprinted in the yere of oure lorde 1598 sett downe by Francis Thynne
Engaging images : "practical criticism" and visual arts
Pastiche : cultural memory in art, film, literature
A midsummer night's dream : William Shakespeare
The return of the reader : reader-response criticism
Critical theory today : a user-friendly guide
Theory into practice : a reader in modern literary criticism
Shakespeare's dramatic meditations : an experiment in criticism
Nine saga studies : the critical interpretation of the Icelandic sagas
Response, resistance, deconstruction : reading and writing in/of three novels by John Updike
Reading the Old Testament : method in biblical study
Interpretive skepticism : Stanley Cavell, new criticism, and literary interpretation
Concepts of criticism
Principles of literary criticism
Reading cultures : the construction of readers in the twentieth century
How to interpret literature : critical theory for literary and cultural studies
"Retranslation is a phenomenon which gives rise to multiple translations of a particular work. But theoretical engagement with the motivations and outcomes of retranslation often falls short of acknowledging the complex nature of this repetitive process, and reasoning has so far been limited to considerations of progress, updating and challenge; there is even less in the way of empirical study. This book seeks to redress the balance through its case studies on the initial translations and retranslations of Flaubert's Madame Bovary and Sand's pastoral tale La Mare au diable within the British literary context. What emerges is a detailed exposition of how and why these works have been retold, alongside a critical re-evaluation of existing lines of enquiry into retranslation. A flexible methodology for the study of retranslations is also proposed which draws on Systemic Functional Grammar, narratology, narrative theory and genetic criticism"--
Re-drawing Austen : picturesque travels in Austenland
The cultural politics of the New Criticism
Shakespeare : an anthology of criticism and theory 1945-2000
The devil's rope : a cultural history of barbed wire
The historicity of experience : modernity, the avant garde, and the event
At war with the word : literary theory and liberal education
Criticism, history, and intertextuality
Beginning theory : an introduction to literary and cultural theory
Others
Searching for a new German identity : Heiner Müller and the Geschichtsdrama
Practicing new historicism
The birth of New Criticism : conflict and conciliation in the early work of William Empson, I.A. Richards, Laura Riding, and Robert Graves
Unoriginal genius : poetry by other means in the new century
Genre fission : a new discourse practice for cultural studies
Juri Tynjanov and Cleanth Brooks : a comparative study in Russian formalism and Anglo-American new criticism
Structuralism & semiotics
The notebooks for The brothers Karamazov [by] Fyodor Dostoevsky
