http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10670 musicology
musicology
Rock: the primary text : developing a musicology of rock
Research guide to musicology
A psychoacoustic model of harmonic cadences
Music research forum
A million years of music : the emergence of human modernity
A celebration of American music : words and music in honor of H. Wiley Hitchcock
Thoughts on the crisis of popular music research
Brain and music
Ideas of time in music : a philosophico-logical investigation applied to works of Alberto Ginastera (1916-1983)
New directions in music
The complete book of scales, cadences & arpeggios : in all keys
[Notes about this publication]
South African journal of musicology
Contemplating music : challenges to musicology
Musicology
Membership list
Trends and perspectives in musicology : proceedings of the World Music Conference of the International Music Council, October 3-5, 1983.
Sound kinks : sadomasochistic erotica in audiovisual music performances
How to write about music : the RILM manual of style
Yugoslav music = La musique yougoslave = Jugoslawische Musik
Helmholtz and the modern listener
Escom 2009 : abstracts & programme : 7th triennial Conference of European Society for the Cognitive Sciences of Music, 12th -16th August 2009, University of Jyväskylä, Finland
Conservation, restoration, and repair of stringed instruments and their bows
The transcendences of listening to music : how listening to Bob Dylan moves his fans
Musicæ scientiæ : the journal of the European Society for the Cognitive Sciences of Music
Speaking of music : music conferences, 1835-1966
Psychomusicology : a new theory of music
Perspectives of new music. Summer 1991, volume 29, no 2.
Asian musicology
Doctoral dissertations in musicology. December 1985 - November 1986
Reading comprehension for students of music and musicology
Kurt Blaukopf on music sociology : an anthology
Music as a science of mankind in eighteenth-century Britain
Introduction to musicology : a survey of the fields, systematic & historical, of musical knowledge & research
Music moves : musical dynamics of relation, knowledge and transformation
St. Petersburg Court Chant and the tradition of Eastern Slavic church singing
Essays in honor of John F. Ohl : a compendium of American musicology
Doctoral dissertations in musicology. May 1984 - November 1985
Comparison structure analysis
Myth and music : a semiotic approach to the aesthetics of myth in music, especially that of Wagner, Sibelius and Stravinsky
Perspectives of new music. Summer 1990, volume 28, no 1.
On the life and contributions of seventy one musicologists from India; covers the period 1947-2006.
Perspectives of new music. Winter 1989 volume 27, no 1.
Representing musical structure
Notes on the piano
A style and usage guide to writing about music
Music, language, and the brain
New tonality
Irvine's writing about music
The Oxford handbook of neo-Riemannian music theories
Perspectives on artistic research in music
On conceptualization of music : applying systemic approach to musicological concepts, with practical examples of music theory and analysis
Just vibrations : the purpose of sounding good
Journal of interdisciplinary music studies
The enjoyment of music : an introduction to perceptive listening
The article discusses transcendence in music in relation to popular Sufi performances in East Africa, drawing on specific cases from Zanzibar. Based on fieldwork, it examines ways in which music and movement in a structured event or performance can affect the consciousness. This phenomenon is discussed in close connection to its increasing presence in popular music festivals. The article also addresses the latent conflict between the performative Sufi orders of Islamic faith and the more conservative and increasingly silent Muslims.
Phonophotography in folk music : American negro songs in new notation
Ethnomusicology vis-à-vis musicology
Polish musicological studies
Sound, music, and the study of religion
Perspectives in musicology : the inaugural lectures of the Ph. D. program in music at the City University of New York
Traditional patterns and textures as values for meaningful automatization in music
African musicology : current trends. Volume 1, A Festschrift presented to J. H. Kwabena Nketia
Acoustical perspective on Raga-Rasa theory
Tuning the mind : connecting aesthetics to cognitive science
JMM : the journal of music and meaning
Empirical musicology : aims, methods, prospects
Membership directory
From the Hammond organ to "Sweet Caroline" : the historical evolution of baseball's sonic environment
Glimpses on Indian musicology
Perspectives of new music. Winter 1988, volume 26, no 1.
Interpretatsioonipedagoogika probleemid = On Problems in Pedagogy of Interpretation. 2
This handbook provides a cross-section of the most field-defining topics and debates in the field of computer music today. From music cognition to pedagogy, it situates computer music in the broad context of its creation and performance across the full range of issues that crop up in discourse in the field.
Compulsory music course from an enterprise approach (pedagogical approach)
Perspectives in systematic musicology
Poststrukturalistička nauka o muzici : 50 godina katedre za Muzikologiǰu i etnomuzikologiǰu Fakulteta muzičke umetnosti u Beogradu = Poststructuralist musicology : 50 years of the Department of Musicology and Ethnomusicology of the Faculty of Music in Belgrade
Layers of musical meaning
Music and transcendence: Sufi popular performances in East Africa
The Oxford handbook of computer music
Modern musical scholarship
Asian musicology. Vol. 3
Perspectives of new music. Winter 1991, volume 29, no 1.
Approaches to music research : between practice and epistemology
VII International Symposium on Systematic and Comparative Musicology, III International Conference on Cognitive Musicology : August 16-19, 2001, University of Jyväskylä, Finland : conference program, proceedings & list of participants
Musical imaginations : multidisciplinary perspectives on creativity, performance, and perception
Music inside out : going too far in musical essays : essays
Musicology Australia : journal of the Musicological Society of Australia
A comparative study of the printed score and the manuscript of the seventh symphony of Sibelius
Music's intellectual history / : edited by Zdravko Blažeković, Barbara Dobbs Mackenzie
Perspectives of new music. Summer 1989, volume 25, no 2.
Writing about music : a style sheet
The printed score as a mediator of musical meaning : approaches to music notation in western tonal tradition
Tonal theory for the digital age
Nineteenth-century music review
Tapes, transgression and mundanity : the participatory engenderment of death metal and grindcore
Contexts of musicology. Vol. 2
Research on art and music in Japan : a colloquy with foreign scholars resident in Japan = Hikaku : zaijū Nihon kenkyūsha ga kataru Nihon no bijutsu to ongaku
Foundations of Indian musicology : perspectives in the philosophy of art and culture
Samus : South African music studies
Perspectives of new music. Summer 1988, volume 26, no 2.
Modelling and prediction of perceptual segmentation
Asian musicology. Vol. 2
Perspectives of new music. Winter 1990, volume 28, no 1.
Europa et Hungaria : congressus ethnographicus in Hungaria 16-20. X.1963, Budapest
The application of motion capture to embodied music cognition research
The nature of children's musical learning in the context of a music classroom
The socially distributed cognition of musical timbre : a convergence of semantic, perceptual, and acoustic aspects
Neuronal basis of Seeker tone theory : a mathematical solution
International Musicological Society : report of the tenth congress Ljublijana 1967
Listening and longing : music lovers in the age of Barnum
Contexts of musicology. Vol. 1
American musicologists, c. 1890-1945 : a bio-bibliographical sourcebook to the formative period
Some reflections on the postmodern project in musicology and its semiotic essence
Formal functions in perspective : essays on musical form from Haydn to Adorno
Musicology : the key concepts
Interdisciplinary studies in musicology : report from the First Interdisciplinary Conference, Poznań, November 23-24, 1991 = Interdyscyplinarne badania w muzykologii : materialy z I Konferencji naukowej Poznań, 23-24 listopada 1991
Music, criticism, and the challenge of history : shaping modern musical thought in late nineteenth-century Vienna
Israel studies in musicology
Formalization and epistemology
Perspectives in musicology : The inaugural lectures of the Ph. D. program in music at the City University of New York
Liszt 2000 : selected lectures given at the International Liszt Conference in Budapest, May 18-20, 1999 = a Liszt Ferenc Társaság szervezésében, 1999. május 18-20-án, Budapesten tartott Nemezetközi Liszt-konferencia válogatott előadásai
International Musicological Society : report of the twelth congress Berkeley 1977
Classical music and postmodern knowledge
A comprehensive survey of the latest neuroscientific research into the effects of music on the brain * Covers a variety of topics fundamental for music perception, including musical syntax, musical semantics, music and action, music and emotion* Includes general introductory chapters to engage a broad readership, as well as a wealth of detailed research material for experts* Offers the most empirical (and most systematic) work on the topics of neural correlates of musical syntax and musical semantics* Integrates research from different domains (such as music, language, action and emotion both theoretically and empirically, to create a comprehensive theory of music psychology.
Trends in music information seeking, behavior, and retrieval for creativity
Interpretatsioonipedagoogika probleemid = On Problems in Pedagogy of Interpretation. 1
Doctoral dissertations in musicology. December 1989 - November 1990
Interface : journal of new music research
Systematic, cognitive and historical approaches in musicology
Word and music studies : essays on the song cycle and on defining the field : proceedings of the Second International Conference on Word and Music Studies at Ann Arbor, MI, 1999
Divided dreamworlds? : the cultural Cold War in East and West
Towards a holistic interpretation of musical genre classification
Interdisciplinary studies in musicology : report from the third Interdisciplinary Conference, Poznań, April 26-28, 1996
Kodály today : a cognitive approach to elementary music education
Construction of freedom and other writings
Journal of the International Society for Orthodox Church Music
Boris Asaf'ev and the Soviet musicology
This work brings together an international group of leading proponents of Riemannian and neo-Riemannian theory for a thoroughgoing exploration of the music-analytical, systematic and historical aspects of this important new field.
Music in words : a guide to researching and writing about music
Musicology in the 1980s : methods, goals, opportunities
Western musicologist on Hindustani music
Current musicology
A guide to international congress reports in musicology 1900-1975
The sacred music and symphonies of Joseph Martin Kraus
Early music history : studies in medieval and early modern music
Anton Rubinstein and Nikolaj Rimsky-Korsakov : selected operas : proceedings of the International Musicological convention in Vorzel (Ukraine), May 4th-6th, 1994
Time in contemporary musical thought
Notes from the green room : coping with stress and anxiety in musical performance
While the divide between capitalism and communism, embodied in the image of the Iron Curtain, seemed to be as wide and definitive as any cultural rift, Giles Scott-Smith, Joes Segal, and Peter Romijn have compiled a selection of essays on how culture contributed to the blurring of ideological boundaries between the East and the West. This important and diverse volume presents fascinating insights into the tensions, rivalries, and occasional cooperation between the two blocs, with essays that represent the cutting edge of Cold War Studies and analyze aesthetic preferences and cultural phenomena as various as interior design in East and West Germany; the Soviet stance on genetics; US cultural diplomacy during and after the Cold War; and the role of popular music as the universal cultural ambassador.An illuminating and wide-ranging survey of interrelated collective dreams from both sides of the Iron Curtain, Divided Dreamworlds? has a place on the bookshelf of any modern historian.
The new music : the avant-garde since 1945
Directory
This anthology contains seven texts by Kurt Blaukopf (1914-1999) that exemplify the sociological and epistemological position of this pioneer of Austrian music sociology. Blaukopf's efforts were aimed at a comprehensive, interdisciplinary approach and analysis of music as a cultural phenomenon and as social practice. The primary aim of this anthology is to make Blaukopf's work better known in the English-speaking world. It offers the interested reader a fruitful analysis of the relation between music sociology and its sister disciplines, e.g. musicology, a solid reflection in terms of the philosophy of science on the possibilities and limits of music sociology and a highly topical discussion about the significance of intrinsic artistic aspects in music sociology.
Doctoral dissertations in musicology
Musicology and ethics
Studies in musicology. 2, 1929-1979
Music's immanent future : the deleuzian turn in music studies
Introduction to musicology
Musical structure and cognition
