http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1067 criticism
criticism
Neural : hacktivism, e-music, new media art
The Language and Style of Film Criticism brings together original essays from an international range of academics and film critics highlighting the achievements, complexities and potential of film criticism. In recent years, in contrast to the theoretical, historical and cultural study of film, film criticism has been relatively marginalised, especially within the academy. This book highlights the distinctiveness of film criticism and addresses ways in which it can take a more central place within the academy and develop in dynamic ways outside it. The Language and Style of Film Criticism is essential reading for academics, teachers, students and journalists who wish to understand and appreciate the language and style of film criticism.
Criticizing the media : empirical approaches
The concise untold history of the United States
The classic Noh theatre of Japan / by Ezra Pound and Ernest Fenollosa
Pillaged! How they are looting £413 million a day from your savings and pensions ... and what do do about it
The deniers : the world-renowned scientists who stood up against global warming hysteria, political persecution, and fraud* and those who are too fearful to do so
Against theory of mind
Globalization and utopia : critical essays
Film and television music : a guide to books, articles, and composer interviews
Social media is bullshit
From Bauhaus to our house
The ministry of thin : how the pursuit of perfection got out of control
Literary criticism in antiquity : a sketch of its development
I hate new music : the classic rock manifesto
The middle mind : why consumer culture is turning us into the living dead
For God's sake : religion, atheism and why I gave them up
The journal of architecture
Critical perspectives on globalization
They followed me in the street : the assassination of a journalist and other horror stories from present day Russia
Markets not capitalism : individualist anarchism against bosses, inequality, corporate power, and structural poverty
The rhetoric of fiction
Technology as magic : the triumph of the irrational
Double role of music criticism : a model of the inner structure of the funding of music
Management assistant's guide to information seeking
In Trump we trust : e pluribus awesome!
Relating with the other in naturecultures : ethics and well-being in Elfquest comics
And yet... : essays
Joanna Newsom, Will Oldham (a.k.a 'Bonnie Prince Billy'), and Devendra Banhart are perhaps the best known of a generation of independent artists who use elements of folk music in contexts that are far from traditional. These (and other) so called "new folk" artists challenge our notions of 'finished product' through their recordings, intrinsically guided by practices and rhetoric inherited from punk. This book traces a fractured trajectory that includes Harry Smith's Anthology of American Folk Music, Bob Dylan, psych-folk of the sixties (from Vashti Bunyan to The Incredible String Band), and lo-fi and outsider recordings (from Captain Beefheart and The Residents to Jandek and Daniel Johnston) to contextualise the first substantial consideration of new folk. In the process, Encarnacao reviews the literature on folk and punk to argue that tropes of authenticity, though constructions, carry considerable power in the creation and reception of recorded works. New approaches to music require new analytical tools, and through the analysis of some 50 albums, Encarnacao introduces the categories of labyrinth, immersive and montage forms. This book makes a compelling argument for a reconsideration of popular music history that highlights the eternal compulsion for spontaneous, imperfect and performative recorded artefacts.
The new aestheticism
The adventures of Henry Thoreau : a young man's unlikely path to Walden Pond
Green capitalism : the god that failed
Critics review or preceding week̕s admissions explaining movie admissions
Anti-Oedipus : capitalism and schizophrenia
A short history of Atheism
The emperor's new drugs : exploding the antidepressant myth
Sick and tired : healing the illnesses doctors cannot cure
What's wrong with America? : how the rich and powerful have changed America and now want to change the world
The Oxford history of western music
Everything you know about science is wrong
Matter and sense : a critique of contemporary materialism
Altman and After : multiple narratives in film
On criticism
Nobody : casualties of America's war on the vulnerable, from Ferguson to Flint and beyond
Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) will soon be the most frequently diagnosed chronic condition among children, surpassing asthma. Yet research shows that ADHD can't be that prevalent. ADHD, a problem once thought to affect a small percentage of children, has exploded into one of the most misdiagnosed psychiatric conditions. Now doctors and Big Pharma are targeting children and adults worldwide to get the diagnosis and take medications that will, they say, transform their lives. In ADHD Nation, acclaimed New York Times journalist Alan Schwarz takes readers behind the scenes to tell the full story of this billion-dollar industry. There's the father of ADHD, Dr Keith Conners, who spent fifty years promoting the disorder in the US and pills like Ritalin before realising just what he had wrought; a troubled young girl and studious, teenage boy who get entangled in the ADHD machine and are prescribed medications that lead to serious problems; and the pharmaceutical industry that promoted the disorder and continues to earn billions from the rampant mishandling of ADHD. An investigation of how Big Pharma and medical professionals are complicit in the creation, maintenance and continuing expansion of the ADHD industry, this book sounds the alarm for UK readers and demands we wake up to the problem that we too could face in the future.
Ecocriticism and Geocriticism: Overlapping Territories in Environmental and Spatial Literary Studies presents an interdisciplinary collection of essays which address the complementary and contested aspects of these related, but sometimes conflicting, approaches to literature, cultural, and society in the twenty-first century.
The cybernetic laws of social progress : towards a critical social philosophy and a criticism of Marxism
Cybertext yearbook 2006 : ergodic histories
The so-called good environment : morality and criticism in architecture
Electric Eden : unearthing Britain's visionary music
Is that a fact? : frauds, quacks, and the real science of everyday life
The Language and Style of Film Criticism
Non-Bayesian decision theory ; beliefs and desires as reasons for action
The heretics : adventures with the enemies of science
Art and psychoanalysis
The convergence of machine and human nature : a critique of the computer metaphor of mind and artificial intelligence
New York review of books : e-lehti
Son
The award-winning first edition of "The Promise of Mediation," published ten years ago, is a landmark classic that changed the field's understanding of the theory and practice of conflict intervention. That volume first articulated the "transformative model" of mediation, which greatly humanized the vision of how the mediation process could help parties in conflict. In the past decade, the transformative model has proved itself and gained increasing acceptance. It is now being used in such diverse arenas as workplace, community, family, organizational, and public policy conflicts, among others. In this new edition, the authors draw on a decade of work in theory development, training, practice, research, and assessment to present a thoroughly revised and updated account of the transformative model of mediation and its practical application, including a compelling description of how the field has moved toward increasing acceptance of the transformative model a new and clearer presentation of the theory and practices of transformative mediation, with many concrete examples a new case study that provides a vivid picture of the model in practice, with a commentary full of new information about how to use it effectively clarifications of common misconceptions about the model a vision for the future that shows how the model can coexist with other approaches and where the "market" for transformative mediation is emerging This volume is a foundational resource on transformative practice, for both readers of the first edition and new readers - including mediators, facilitators, lawyers, administrators, human resource professionals, policymakers, and conflictresolution researchers and educators. More generally, this book will strike a chord with anyone interested in humanizing our social institutions and building on a relational vision of society.
Text-centered New Testament studies : text-theoretical essays on early Jewish and early Christian literature
You're making me hate you : a cantankerous look at the common misconception that humans have any common sense left
Situating the feminist gaze and spectatorship in postwar cinema
Celebrating creative consciousness : insights into Oscar Wilde's aesthetics
Chamber music
Fashion, faith and fantasy in the new physics of the universe
The failure of the "new economics" : an analysis of the Keynesian fallacies
The evidence of death and dying has been removed from the everyday lives of most Westerners. Yet we constantly live with the awareness of our vulnerability as mortals. Drawing on a range of genres, bands and artists, Mortality and Music examines the ways in which popular music has responded to our awareness of the inevitability of death and the anxiety it can evoke. Exploring bereavement, depression, suicide, violence, gore, and fans' responses to the deaths of musicians, it argues for the social and cultural significance of popular music's treatment of mortality and the apparent absurdity of existence.
Misbehaving : the making of behavioral economics
The economics of Marx : selected readings of exposition and criticism
I can make you hate
Unmasking superfoods : the truth and hype about açaí, quinoa, chia, blueberries, and more
I don't have enough faith to be an atheist
Thanks for the feedback : the science and art of receiving feedback (even when it is off-base, unfair, poorly delivered, and frankly, you're not in the mood)
Les pouvoirs des désirs indicibles = The powers of the unsayable desires
Jane Austen, the secret radical
Paranormality : why we see what isn't there
Essays in critical social theory : toward a Marxist critique of liberal ideology
Finnish summary.
Voices in the media : discourse representation in articles about the case of Elián González in Time and Newsweek
Au revoir to all that : food, wine and the end of France
A critique for ecology
Why there almost certainly is a God : Doubting Dawkins
Struggling and clowning in Wall Street : identity, parody and critique through Olive Stone’s films (1987, 2010)
In(ter)discipline : new languages for criticism / edited by Gillian Beer, Malcolm Bowie, Beate Perrey
How the west was lost : fifty years of economic folly - and the stark choices ahead
Modes of criticism : critique of method. 2
Better living through criticism : how to think about art, pleasure, beauty and truth
Introvert power : why your inner life is your hidden strength
Cracked : why psychiatry is doing more harm than good
The uses and abuses of history
Debunking economics : the naked emperor dethroned?
Philosophy unmasked : a skeptic's critique
Variants : the journal of the European Society for Textual Scholarship. 10
The girl with the dragon tattoo and philosophy : everything is fire
Explaining practices
Critique of anthropology
At home in exile : why diaspora is good for the Jews
The consumer trap : big business marketing in American life
Criticism in antiquity
A survey of the traditions of western music by one of the most prominent and provocative musicologists of our time, this book illuminates, through a representative sampling of masterworks, those themes, styles, and currents that give shape and direction to each musical age.
The Oxford guide to effective argument and critical thinking
On history : Tariq Ali and Oliver Stone in conversation
Between ideals and reality : a critique of socialism and its future
The Internet of us : knowing more and understanding less in the age of big data
Beautiful untrue things : the art of contradiction in Oscar Wilde's The decay of lying
Axel Honneth : A critical theory of the social
Did Jesus cite Isa 6:9-10? : Jesus' saying in Mark 4:11-12 and the Isaianic idea of hardening and remnant
The comics journal. [Vol.] 302
This idea must die : scientific ideas that are blocking progress
Pedagogies of media and information literacies
Apart from Freud : notes for a rational psychoanalysis
The unreasonable silence of the world : universal reason and the wreck of the enlightenment project
Readings in rhetorical criticism
The large but underrated corpus of Greek scholia, the marginal and interlinear notes found in manuscripts, is a very important source for ancient literary criticism. The evidence of the scholia significantly adds to and enhances the picture that can be gained from studying the relevant treatises (such as Aristotle's Poetics): scholia also contain concepts that are not found in the treatises, and they are indicative of how the concepts are actually put to use in the progressive interpretation of texts. This 2009 book also demonstrates that it is vital to study both ancient terminology and the cases where a particular phenomenon is simply paraphrased. Nineteen thematic chapters provide a repertoire of the various terms and concepts of ancient literary criticism. The relevant witnesses are extensively quoted in Greek and English translation. A glossary of Greek terms (with translation) and several indices enable the book also to be used for reference.
¡Adios, America! : the Left's plan to turn our country into a Third World hellhole
This changes everything : capitalism vs. the climate
Relentless : a novel
Marx refuted : the verdict of history
The conscience of psychiatry : the reform work of Peter R. Breggin
The aims of representation : subject, text, history
Gathering blue
Reconceptualising lifelong learning : feminist interventions
Matthew's narrative web : over, and over, and over again
I sold my soul on eBay : viewing faith through an atheist's eyes
Explores how Islam can be reconciled with modernity to end terrorism, sectarian warfare and the repression of women and minorities
Adorno's aesthetics of critique
Franz Liszt and his world
Why art photography?
Autobiographical moralizing in celebrity discussions on the Internet : how do discussion participants confess and testify in Finnish and English?
Divine name and presence : the Memra
How to think about weird things : critical thinking for a new age
Representation in Old Testament narrative texts
Linguistic analysis of online conflicts: a case study of flaming in the Smokahontas comment thread on YouTube
Science and its critics
A companion to rhetoric and rhetorical criticism
Pacifism as pathology : reflections on the role of armed struggle in North America
Hidden in plain sight : how I sheltered a refugee
The God delusion
On the basis of morality
The ancient critic at work : terms and concepts of literary criticism in Greek Scholia
In Is that a fact? Dr. Joe Schwarcz helps you separate fact from fiction amid the storm of misinformation that today's media throws at us. Dr. Joe questions the reliability and the motives of "experts" in this engaging and critical look at what's fact and what's plain nonsense when it comes to deciding what to eat, what chemicals to avoid, and what's best for the environment.
The pill that steals lives : one woman's terrifying journey to discover the truth about antidepressants
ADHD nation : The disorder. The drugs. The inside story
The future of God : a practical approach to spirituality for our times
The untold history of the United States
How to read texts : a student guide to critical approaches and skills
Compromises in L.M. Montgomery's Anne-serial : literary freedom within the restrictions of Victorian society
The 100 best films of the century
Dissent on Keynes : a critical appraisal of Keynesian economics
Against Cartesian philosophy
In Altman & After: Multiple Narratives in Film, Peter Parshall carefully examines films that feature various plotlines. In each chapter, Parshall looks at a different example of the multi-plot form, such as network narrative and the multiple-draft narrative, demonstrating that the structure of each is central to their artistry, and that these devices open up a variety of creative vistas. Films studied in this book include Nashville, Pulp Fiction, Amores Perros, Code Unknown, The Edge of Heaven, Virgin Stripped Bare by Her Bachelors, Run Lola Run, and Kieslowski's Three Colors trilogy: Red, Whi
The Islamic invasion : confronting the world's fastest growing religion
The blind giant : being human in a digital world
The selfish society : how we all forgot to love one another and made money instead
The ancient view of Greek art : criticism, history, and terminology
Towards research-orientation in professional practice 2012 : a guide to thesis work at Diaconia University of Applied Sciences
The Art of Comics is the first-ever collection of essays published in English devoted to the philosophical topics raised by comics and graphic novels. In an area of growing philosophical interest, this volume constitutes a great leap forward in the development of this fast expanding field, and makes a powerful contribution to the philosophy of art. * The first-ever anthology to address the philosophical issues raised by the art of comics* Provides an extensive and thorough introduction to the field, and to comics more generally* Responds to the increasing philosophical interest in comic art * Includes a preface by the renowned comics author Warren Ellis* Many of the chapters are illustrated, and the book carries a stunning cover by the rising young comics star David Heatley.
Readings in philosophy
The Greek and Roman critics
A map of misreading
The promise of mediation : the transformative approach to conflict
Why hope? : the stand against civilization
Ecocriticism and geocriticism : overlapping territories in environmental and spatial literary studies
The art of comics : a philosophical approach
You are not a gadget : a manifesto
The secret world of oil
A menace to society : radicalism and legal scholarship in the United States, Scandinavia, and Finland, 1965-1980
Scenes of Intimacy analyzes the representation of acts and relationships of intimacy in contemporary literature, the affect this has upon readers, and the ways these representations resonate with, complement, and challenge the concerns of contemporary theory. Opening with an in-depth interview with literary critic, Derridean, and novelist Professor Nicholas Royle, the volume contains eleven further essays that move from intimate scenes of familial and pedagogic legacy, on to representations of love, of sex, and finally to scenes of death and dying. The essays are textually attentive to how literary techniques create intimacy, and draw upon new and notable theoretical positions and critics from queer theory, affect studies, psychoanalysis, poststructualism and deconstruction to ask difficult and uncomfortable questions about intimacy and its representation. Across the genres of poetry, autobiography, journals, love letters, short stories and novels, Scenes of Intimacy shows that contemporary literature poses new possibilities and questions about our intimate relationalities, their failures and their futures.
Doing psychology critically : making a difference in diverse settings
Criticism : the foundations of modern literary judgment
The use of official statistics in sociology : a critique of positivism and ethnomethodology
The crisis of Western philosophy : against the positivists
Global warming and other bollocks
Participatory critical rhetoric : theoretical and methodological foundations for studying rhetoric in situ
The true colors of Finnish welfare nationalism : consolidation of neo-populist advocacy as a resonant collective identity through mobilization of exclusionary narratives of blue-and-white solidarity
Man and the milieu : ecocritical analysis of Ernest Hemingway's "Big Two-Hearted River" and "Indian Camp"
Nets of awareness : Urdu poetry and its critics
Mortality and music
The Horse, the Howl and the Hatchet : nature representations in Ronia, the robber's daughter and Hatchet
Lesbian pulp fiction : the sexually intrepid world of lesbian paperback novels 1950-1965
Scenes of intimacy : reading, writing and theorizing contemporary literature
The frontman : Bono (in the name of power)
An ecocritical exploration into Yvonne Vera's Butterfly Burning and The Stone Virgins
Punk aesthetics and new folk : way down the old plank road
Sanctifying misandry : goddess ideology and the Fall of Man
A right to sing the blues : African Americans, Jews, and American popular song
Life after the state
Why I am not a Christian : four conclusive reasons to reject the faith
A handbook of modernism studies
Icons of evolution : science or myth? : why much of what we teach about evolution is wrong
God is not great : how religion poisons everything
Metallica and philosophy : a crash course in brain surgery
The more of less : finding the life you want under everything you own
The evolution-creation struggle
What can fashionable ideas, blind faith, or pure fantasy possibly have to do with the scientific quest to understand the universe? Surely, theoretical physicists are immune to mere trends, dogmatic beliefs, or flights of fancy? In fact, acclaimed physicist and best-selling author Roger Penrose argues that researchers working at the extreme frontiers of physics are just as susceptible to these forces as anyone else. In this provocative book, he argues that fashion, faith, and fantasy, while sometimes productive and even essential in physics, my be leading today's researchers astray in three of the field's most important areas--string theory, quantum mechanics, and cosmology.... The result is an important critique of some of the most significant developments in physics today from one of its most eminent figures.
Markets and democracy : exiting the tyranny of the majority
Hearing the whole story : the politics of plot in Mark's Gospel
"Man over money" : the Southern populist critique of American capitalism
The secular outlook : in defense of moral and political secularism
Paradoxes and problems
The narrative unity of Luke-Acts : a literary interpretation. Vol. 2, The acts of the Apostles
Composers on music : an anthology of composers' writings from Palestrina to Copland
How successful is naturalism?
Not with a bang but a whimper : the politics and culture of decline
Modern rhetorical criticism
Why communism must fail
Heretic : why Islam needs a reformation now
Heretic :  why Islam needs a reformation now
Ritual criticism : case studies in its practice, essays on its theory
Lexicon of musical invective : critical assaults on composers since Beethoven's time
Bringing critique back to the philosophy of science
Why Buddhism? : the evil of religion
Critical thinking skills for dummies
"Support your right to arm bears" : animal imagery in Gary Snyder's poetry
Reading prophetic narratives
Without Marx or Jesus : the American revolution has begun
Possible worlds : the idea of happiness in the utopian vision of Louis-Sébastien Mercier
Lionel Trilling : criticism and politics
On the aesthetic education of man and, Letters to Prince Frederick Christian von Augustenburg
Quiet : the power of introverts in a world that can't stop talking
Driving visions : exploring the road movie
Song : a guide to art song style and literature
Poetics for the Gospels? : rethinking narrative criticism
The great European rip-off : how the corrupt, wasteful EU is taking control of our lives
Criticism : the major texts
