http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10615 shopping centres
shopping centres
Market centers and retail location : theory and applications
Essays on urban wages, location and retail trade
The future of shopping : traditional patterns and net effects
A theory of shopping
Enabling experiences : the role of tour operators and tour leaders in creating and managing package tourism experiences
Victor Gruen : from urban shop to new city
Shopping center development handbook
The importance of tenant mix in a retail center : case study Forum Turku
The promotion : uraputkessa
Mall maker : Victor Gruen, architect of an American dream
Myos Hormos - Quseir al-Quadim : Roman and Islamic ports on the Red Sea. Vol. 1, Survey and excavations 1999-2003
A comparative geography of China and the U.S
Logistics clusters : delivering value and driving growth
A nice dandelion : visual experiences at a shopping centre in Trondheim
Detail in contemporary retail design
Myos Hormos - Quseir al-Quadim : Roman and Islamic ports on the Red Sea. Vol. 2, Finds from the excavations 1999-2003
The Bazaar in the Islamic City : design, culture, and history
Urban planning as a trading zone
Abstract: Customer Satisfaction Survey to Zeppelin Shopping Centre.
Luxury stores : top of the world
Shopping as an entertainment experience
The surveillance web : the rise of visual surveillance in an English city
The grocers : the rise and the rise of the supermarket chains
Spa-de. Vol. 5, Feature: Digital fabrication of space design-AEDS
Against commodification : experience, authenticity, utopia
Distance and store choice : with special reference to out-of-town shopping
Refloating the Green River merchant marine
Hiihtämään helteellä! = Skiing in the heat wave!
The marketing procedures of a shopping centre in Finland for foreign institutional investors : foreign direct real estate investment
Differences in decision making processes in shopping center real estate regarding soundscape between Finland and Sweden
Regional survey study from dry port concept in South-East Finland
Market entry strategy for Chinese suppliers in the Russian consumer goods market
New retail
Category killers : the retail revolution and its impact on consumer culture
Shopping, place and identity
The Finnish Co-operative Wholesale Society 50 years : [1904-1954]
Carried away : the invention of modern shopping
TSEBA as a learning organisation : evaluation of Turku School of Economics and Business Administration
Itäkeskus (East centre)shopping centre, landmark and eastern social centre Helsinki, 1976-1977, 1984-1987
Exploration of microtopia based on issues of surveillance in the Kamppi shopping center
At the world's end
Fashion express Dongdaemun
The single monetary policy in the euro area : general documentation on eurosystem monetary policy instruments and procedures
Explains how clothing trade is done at the Tongdaemun Sijang in Seoul, Korea and how world-wide fashion starts from the Tongdaemun market place.
Legal issues in international credit transfers
Store location analysis and the mystery of consumer spatial behaviour : competition between downtown shopping areas and out-of-town shopping centres as a special case
Change a hybrid organisation : a study of transformation of K-Alliance
Summary: Location decision of a large-scale retail unit : a case study on the planning and decision-making process preceding the location of the Mylly shopping centre in Hauninen, Raisio.
Caz has been living in the department store since the day the Blue Star came and killed everyone who breathed in its toxic snow. She can't do so much as look outside. But life in the store is getting dangerous and so Caz decides to take her chances in the world outside, with only Will for company. What will she find in the bleak landscape? And is there even anything to find / WorldCat.
Shopping environments : evolution, planning and design
Big box reuse
Harvard Design School guide to shopping. 2
Citycon
Your partner in Finland
Lübeck style? Novgorod style? : Baltic Rim central places as arenas of cultural encounters and urbanisation 1100-1400 AD : transactions of the Central Level Symposium of the Culture Clash of Compromise (CCC) project, held in Talsi September 18-21 1998
Business life pursuit of economic and political advantages in early-nineteenth-century Finland
The retail development process : location, property and planning
Stores and retail spaces 2
Vital North! : security, democracy, civil society
The impact of EMU on Europe and the developing countries
Nordic perspectives on European financial integration : proceedings of Nordic seminar on European financial integration
Shopping centres play a key role in the modern day retail market, serving as a concentration of both merchants and consumers as well as hubs of entertainment and social activity. The most crucial element of a successful retail center is the consumer. Without enough traffic, tenants are unable to run a profitable business, affecting their ability to pay rent. A good location is often said to be most important factor, but additionally, a good tenant mix and anchor stores capable of attracting customers dictate the success of a shopping center. A working tenant mix means having a selection of operators that work well as individual businesses but also complement one another and increase the functionality of the entire center by attracting customers. The objective of this study is to examine the importance of these factors on the success of a shopping center, with a case study on the Forum shopping centre in downtown Turku. For the past ten years, this prime location center has not been performing as well as could be expected in a location with a notable amount of retail activity and successful businesses. The case study examines the reasons behind the poor performance with a focus on tenant mix, and makes suggestions on improvement based on the findings of this research.
The market and the city : square, street and architecture in early modern Europe
Onwards together : SOK 100 years
The best in retail corporate identity
SPA-DE special : retail environment desing 1
The mall
The power of visual presentation : Tony Horton : portfolio
Economic bulletin
Payment systems in the European Union
Navigating in the world of services
Sustainable operations of shopping centers
Typology of shopping centres in Budapest
Spend, spend, spend! : a history of shopping
Recreating Asia : visions for a new century
Business life in pursuit of economic and political advantages in early-nineteenth-century Finland
The mall of Finland : Comrades: It is really time now!
Shopping architecture now
Myöhästynyt bussi = The bus that arrived latel
The implementation of monetary policy in the euro area : general documentation on eurosystem monetary policy instruments and procedures
Kulutuksen temppelit = Temples of consumerism
The Commercial Structure of Pedestrian Streets and Shopping Districts : Three Cases from Finland
Management of major accidents : communication challenges and solutions in the preparedness and response phases for both authorities and companies
