http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10724 responses
responses
Heart health : your questions answered
Comparative adjustments for missingness in short-term panels : applications to questions of household income distribution
Actually, factually / mind-blowing myths, muddles and misconceptions ; illustrated by Paul Moran ; edited by Sally Pilkington
What a wonderful world : one man's attempt to explain the big stuff
What if? : serious scientific answers to absurd hypothetical questions
300 questions and answers in anatomy and physiology for veterinary nurses
Why do ice cubes float?
Conversation Analysis : comparative perspectives
Brains, bodies, guts and stuff
Talking politics in broadcast media : cross-cultural perspectives on political interviewing, journalism and accountability
They wrote me a really nice letter... : the findings of a mystery shopping exercise : how high street retailers respond to written complaints from their customers
Improving survey response : lessons learned from the European Social Survey
Letters to Cathy
Initial Wave Nonresponse and Panel Attrition in the Finnish Subsample of EU-SILC
Take the test : sample questions from OECD's PISA assessments
Check your English vocabulary for TOEIC
Intercessory prayer : modern theology, biblical teaching, and philosophical thought
The I used to know that activity book : stuff you forgot from school
On your farts, get set, go!
Information technology project management interview questions : IT project management and project management interview questions, answers, and explanations
Non-response to baseline, non-response to follow-up and mortality in the Whitehall II cohort
Don't wipe your bum with a hedgehog
Who knew? : answers to questions about classical music you never thought to ask
We are all stardust : scientists who shaped our world talk about their work, their lives, and what they still want to know
Minimal and non-minimal answers to yes-no questions
Methodological questions in lighting acceptance and preference studies
Varieties of questions in English conversation
On repeats and responses in Finnish conversations
Thinking about answers : the application of cognitive processes to survey methodology
The total survey error approach : a guide to the new science of survey research
How to write successful business and management essays
A brief intervention for risky drinking : analysis of videotaped consultations in primary health care
'May I ask'  Question frames in institutional interaction
English pronunciation in use. Intermediate : self-study and classroom use
Handbook of nonresponse in household surveys
Questions and answers in the English courtroom (1640-1760) : a sociopragmatic analysis
Actually, factually : mind-blowing myths, muddles and misconceptions
Microbiology : PreTest self-assessment and review
Horrid Henry's all time favourite joke book
How much poo does an elephant do? : ...and further fascinating facts!
Mum to mum  : happy memories and honest advice to real mum
D. Z. Phillips' contemplative philosophy of religion : questions and responses
The use of context in pragmatic language comprehension in normally developing children and children with Asperger syndrome/high-functioning autism:an application of relevance theory
Is forbidding not allowing? And why not? : a meta-analysis
Light of the world : the pope, the church, and the signs of the times : a conversation with Peter Seewald
The silent minority : nonrespondents on sample surveys
Maintenance quotation process redesign of Wärtsilä France Marseilles
The psychology of questions
Why don't spiders stick to their webs? : and other everyday mysteries of science
Question frames in institutional answers
Ask John : straight-talking, common sense from the front line of management
What Einstein didn't know : scientific answers to everyday questions
What about China? : answers to this and other awkward questions about climate change
Test item file for Gleitman's basic psychology
What if : serious scientific answers to absurd hypothetical questions
Fly without fear : the only book you'll ever need to conquer your fear
Validity in psychological measurement:an investigation of test norms
Simple answers to polar questions : The case of Finnish
Practise your English. Key
Behavioural economics saved my dog : life advice for the imperfect human
Why you need a passport when you*re going to puke : fascinating facts from around the world!
Ask me anything
How to peel a peach : and 1001 other things every good cook needs to know
The right chemistry : 108 enlightening, nutritious, health-conscious and occasionally bizarre inquiries into the science of everyday life
Thing explainer : complicated stuff in simple words
Babies  : the Mumsnet guide
Will farts destroy the planet? : and other extremely important questions (and answers) about climate change from the Science Museum
The virtual reference experience : integrating theory into practice
Children's comprehension of questions : normal and disordered populations
The psychology of survey response
The thing about jellyfish
A book about American history
Even more things that nobody knows : 501 further mysteries of life, the universe and everything
Collecting, managing, and assessing data using sample surveys
Why do farts smell like rotten eggs?  :  ... and more crazy facts explained
F in spelling : the funniest test paper blunders
F**k it is the answer
Why spacemen can't burp
The universe explained to my grandchildren
300 Questions and answers in radiography and fluid therapy for veterinary nurses
Great answers to tough questions at work
Do you still think you're clever? : the Oxford and Cambridge questions
Treatment of nonresponse in the cluster sampling with small clusters in the Finnish Labour Force Survey for the European Union
Does anything eat wasps? : and 101 other questions : questions and answers from the popular 'Last Word' column
Santa responds : he's had enough...and he's writing back!
What's age got to do with it? : living your healthiest and happiest life
Question everything : 132 science questions - and their unexpected answers : more questions and answers from the popular 'Last word' column
Erotapokriseis : early Christian question-and-answer literature in context
Robots and the whole technology story
How loud can you burp? : and other extremely important questions (and answers) from the Science Museum
