http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10753 adult study
adult study
The pedagogy of lifelong learning : understanding effective teaching and learning in diverse contexts
New total English. Advanced student's book
Structures of counselling interaction : a conversation analytic study of counselling encounters in career guidance training
Meeting the special needs of adult students
Arabic (Eastern) 3
Arabic (Eastern) : the complete course 2. : Intermediate/Part B
Ukrainian : the complete course 1B
Recent advances in land owner extension : proceedings of the IUFRO 3.08 Symposium with a special theme of peer-to-peer learning among land owners, 3-5 April 2011, Kuusamo, Finland
Adult learners on campus
Steps into English. 3, Student's CD = Opiskelijan CD
True to life : english for adult learners : classbook
Pat and Polly - passport to Finland : opiskelijan CD
Third language acquisition in adulthood
Modern Hebrew : The complete course 1. : beginners. Part A
Swedish : The complete course 1 : Beginners / Part A
Steps into English. 2, Student's CD = opiskelijan CD
New Headway. Beginner : student's book
New Total English. Intermediate : Class Audio CDs
The adult learner : the definitive classic in adult education and human resource development
New Total English. Pre-intermediate : Students Book With Active Book Pack
Adult education and lifelong learning : theory and practice
Low-educated second language and literacy acquisition : proceedings of the 8th symposium
Move. Advanced : class CD set
Total English. Advanced : student's book
Straightforward. Advanced : student's book
Russian : the complete course 1A
Differently Academic? : developing lifelong learning for women in higher education
Adult learning in the digital age : perspectives on online technologies and outcomes
Japanese : the complete course 3: High Intermediate/Part B
Discover your hidden talents : the essential guide to lifelong learning
Destinations. 1
Italian : the complete course 1A
More words in edgeways : rediscovering adult education
Mature women students : separating or connecting family and education
New Total English. Upper Intermediate : Class Audio CDs
New Total English. Starter : students book with active book pack
New Total English. Pre-intermediate : Class Audio CDs
Korean : the complete course 1. : beginners / Part A
New Total English. Upper intermediate : student's book
Through the joy of learning : diary of 1,000 adult learners
Chinese Cantonese : the complete course 1 B
Digital media in blended coaching : interaction and distance presence in adult education
Chinese Cantonese : the complete course 1 A
Czech : the complete course 1 : Intermediate / Part A
Total english : pre-intermediate : students' book
Swedish : The complete course 1 : Beginners / Part B
Total English. Pre-intermediate : student's book
Everyday English : englantia aikuisille. 1
Complete guide to Arabic script
Understanding motivation for lifelong learning
Lifelong learning in Europe : differences and divisions. Volume 2, Strategies of social integration and individual learning biographies
Polish : the complete course 1 : Beginners / Part B
Russian : the complete course 3 : Intermediate/Part A
Ukrainian : the complete course 1A
Croatian : The complete course 1. : beginners / Part B
Move. Intermediate : class CD set
The craft of teaching adults
Polish : the complete course 1 : Beginners / Part A
Pat and Polly. 2 : Five years on : opiskelijan CD
English for you, too!. Book 1
Croatian : The complete course 1. : beginners / Part A
Italian : the complete course 2 : Intermediate/Part B
English for you. 3 : Luokkaäänite
Move. Advanced. Course book with CD-ROM
New total English. Advanced : Class CDs
Modern Hebrew : The complete course 1. : beginners. Part B
Japanese for busy people. 3
How to survive in the U.S.A : English for travelers and newcomers
New Headway. Intermediate : class Audio CDs
Social context and fluency in L2 learners : the case of Wales
New Total English. Starter : Class Audio CDs
New total English. Elementary : students' book
Steps into English. 1, Student's CD = Opiskelijan CD
How do you tailor education to the learning needs of adults? Do they learn differently from children? How does their life experience inform their learning processes? These were the questions at the heart of Malcolm Knowles' pioneering theory of andragogy which transformed education theory in the 1970s. The resulting principles of a self-directed, experiential, problem-centred approach to learning have been hugely influential and are still the basis of the learning practices we use today. Understanding these principles is the cornerstone of increasing motivation and enabling adult learners to achieve. This update of a pioneering classic contains all Knowles' original chapters alongside a newer second part by Elwood Ed Holton and Richard A Swanson charting the advancements on these core principles. A third section includes selected readings from previous editions to illustrate the theory's evolution, as well as important articles from other key experts around the world for a comprehensive view. This new edition includes: * New chapter outlines, learning objectives and careful edits of Malcolm Knowles' work to simplify the original theory * Updates to the second part to reflect the very latest advancements in the field * Revisions throughout to make it more readable and relevant to your practices.
Total English. Intermediate : student's book
The adult's learning projects : a fresh approach to theory and practice in adult learning
English Unlimited is a six-level goals-based course for adults. Centred on purposeful, real-life objectives, it prepares learners to use English independently for global communication.
Studying is a way of life
Finnish :  The complete course 1 : Beginners / Part A
Japanese : the complete course 3: High Intermediate/Part A
Perspectives on adults learning mathematics : research and practice
Total English. Elementary : student's book
Language study as lifelong learning
"This book provides a comprehensive framework of trends and issues related to adult learning"--Provided by publisher.
Learning how to study again : a practical guide to study skills for mature students returning to education or distance learning
Colloquial Japanese : the complete course for beginners
Italian : the complete course 2 : Intermediate/Part A
Learning centres in Europe
Total English. Advanced
Improving the effectiveness of staff training in a hotel : case study: Hotel X
English for you, too!. Book 5, Opiskelijan äänite
Adult educational psychology
Japanese for professionals
Portuguese (Brazilian) :  The complete course 1 (Part A)
Supporting the learner in open and distance learning
In this volume, we examine the ways student services professionals in institutions of higher education can best meet the needs of adult learners. Most of the discussion here is situated in four-year colleges and universities, although we recognize that community colleges play a large role in the higher education of adults. However, we made the decision to focus on four-year and post-graduate institutions because we believe that these institutions often are focused on traditional-aged students despite growing adult enrollments, and are most in need of guidance about how to serve this ever-growing population. Students in higher education often are defined as adult learners or non-traditional students if they are 25 twenty-five years of age or older, and, more significantly, if they have taken on what we consider adult roles and responsibilities, such as caring for children and other family members, working full-time, or participating heavily in community activities. Adult students typically are not focused on campus life in the same way that younger, traditional-aged students are. Therefore, our theories of the importance of the campus experience outside the classroom to student development usually do not hold for adults. Yet, adults can and do learn and develop through their engagement in formal higher education. Adults bring experiences and wisdom into the classroom, and receive a learning experience that informs their own professional and personal practices. This is the 102nd issue of the quarterly journal New Directions for Student Services.
Straightforward. Elementary : students book
Modern Greek : the complete course II. Part B
American English file. 2
Arabic (Eastern) : the complete course 2 : Intermediate/Part A
Turkish : The complete course 1 : Beginners / Part A
Swedish
Grammar for grown-ups : a straightforward guide to good English
Finnish :  The complete course 1 : Beginners / Part B
Hungarian : The complete course 1. : Part A
English for you, too!. Starter
Russian : the complete course 2 : Intermediate/Part A
Russian : the complete course 1B
Adults learning
Adult learning at a glance 2006 : the UK context, facts and figures
Women returning to higher education
Adult learners' learning in a university setting : a phenomenographic study
Italian : the complete course 1B
Adult learning in a training context : an evaluative case study on learning experiences of participants of a disaster risk reduction training in Nairobi, Kenya
Japanese : the complete course 2: Intermediate/Part A
Russian : the complete course 2 : Intermediate/Part B
Turkish : The complete course 1 : Beginners / Part B
Studying for a Degree : how to succeed as a mature student in higher education
Catching up : English for conversation classes
Colloquial Dutch
Adult education and the postmodern challenge : learning beyond the limits
Lifelong learning for the new decade
Assessing adult learning : a guide for practitioners
Total English. Upper intermediate : student's book
Armenian (Eastern)
Teaching, training and learning : a practical guide
Lifelong learning and higher education
Move. Upper-intermediate : class CD set
The new headway. Elementary  : students book
Perspectives in recreational therapy : issues of a dynamic profession
Move. Pre-intermediate : class CD set
One for my baby
New Total English. Intermediate : student's book
Modern Greek : the complete course II. Part A
Bid for power : English for commerce and industry. Student's coursebook
English unlimited : B+ intermediate : coursebook with e-portfolio
Unlocking people's creative forces : a transnational study of adult learning policies
Spanish : the complete course 1A
English for you. 1 : Luokkaäänite/Oppikirjaäänite
Japanese : the complete course 2: Intermediate/Part B
English for you, too!. Book 5
Russian : the complete course 3 : Intermediate/Part B
'Old' and 'new' worlds of adult learning
Identity and education : the links for mature women students
Vocationally oriented language learning : problems, possibilities, perspectives
Lithuanian
Czech : the complete course 1 : Intermediate / Part B
Future visions of adult education centers : SoMe times?
Korean : the complete course 1. : beginners / Part B
Hungarian : The complete course 1. : Part B
