http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10794 bibliography (sciences)
bibliography (sciences)
Check list : Faith & Order Commission official, numbered publications : series I, 1910-1948
Birding on borrowed time
Glaciological investigations in Norway in 2001
International legal bibliographies : a worldwide guide and critique
Bibliography on the International Court including the Permanent Court 1918-1964 = Bibliographie de la Cour Internationale y compris la Cour Permanente 1918-1964
Elements of bibliography : a simplified approach
World bibliographical series. Vol. 135, Afganistan
Research resources : annotated guide to the social sciences. 2, Official publications : U.S. government, United Nations, international organizations, and statistical sources
Dutch sources on South Asia, c. 1600-1825. Vol. 4, Mission to Madurai : Dutch embassies to the Nayaka Court of Madurai in the seventeenth century
Who next ...? : a guide to children's authors
Annotated bibliography on freshwater ice
Political science : a guide to reference and information sources
Harpsichord and clavichord music of the twentieth century
Islam in Sub-Saharan Africa : a partially annotated guide
The international law of human rights in Africa : basic documents and annotated bibliography
Glaciological investigations in Norway in 2003
Prohibited weapons - treaties and bibliography
Economic crime : a bibliography
Index Nordicus : a cumulative index to English-language periodicals on Scandinavian studies
Checklist and bibliography of Missouri lichens
Dutch sources on South Asia, c. 1600-1825. Vol. 2, Archival guide to the repositories in The Netherlands other than the National Archives
International bibliography of air law : supplement 1991-1995
Scandinavian legal bibliography
The layman in court : a bibliography
Philosopher's index
[Luettelo akateemikko Georg Henrik von Wrightin saamista eripainoksista] = [Catalogue of Georg Henrik von Wright's Offprint Collection]
International law of the sea : a bibliography
Bibliography of Indian zoology
Reader's guide to Scotland : a bibliography
Jack London : a bibliography
Paul Ricœur : bibliographie primarie et secondarie = Primary and secondary bibliography 1935-2000
A working bibliography of Greek law
A bibliographic system for non-book media : a description and list of works
A bibliography on foreign and comparative law : books and articles in English
Sino-Western relations, conceptions of China, cultural influences and the development of sinology : disclosed in Western printed books 1477-1877 : the catalogue of the Löwendahl - von der Burg collection. 1, 1477-1776
Guide to the collections in the Hoover institution archives relating to imperial Russia, the Russian revolutions and civil war and the first emigration
Annotated bibliography of walnut : supplement no. 1
Bibliographic catalogue of Hieracium and Pilosella names published by Finnish authors
Dutch sources on South Asia, c. 1600-1825. Vol. 6, Between Colombo and the Cape : letters in Tamil, Dutch and Sinhala, sent to Nicolaas Ondaatje from Ceylon, exile at the Cape of Good Hope (1728-1737)
The law of the sea : a select bibliography
African traditional religion in South Africa : an annotated bibliography
Derrida and the end of history
A bibliography on foreign and comparative law : books and articles in English. 1960-1965
Chronological index of legislation 1919-1975
A new bibliography of Sanskrit drama
Rozmieszczenie, ekologia i biologia chwastów segetalnych : Bibliografia polskich prac do roku 1995 = Distribution, ecology and biology of segetal weeds, bibliography of Polish works till 1995
Dkar chag mithong bas yid 'phrog chos mdzod bye ba'i lde mig : a bibliography of Sa-skya-pa literature
Bibliografia internazionale di thesauri = International bibliography of thesauri
The function of bibliography
Bibliografia bibliografii polskich = Bibliography of Polish bibliographies. [t. 5], 1961-1970
Bibliography in literature, folklore, language, and linguistics : essays on the status of the field
United Kingdom hydrology bibliography : (Annotated) 1960-1964
Bibliography of Finnish Population Studies 2003.
Sociology of the law : a research bibliography
Ulrich's periodicals directory
Taxonomic Literature II : (TL-2)
Australian literature : a bibliography to 1938 : Exteded to 1950
Helen, a courtship ; and, Mississippi poems
Index Africanus
The compilation of doctoral research at LUT Graduate School 2014
The women impressionists : a sourcebook
The changing role of women in society : a documentation of current research, research projects in progress 1981-1983
Russian émigré serials : a bibliography of titles held by the university of California, Berkeley library
Lichen distribution maps : a world index and bibliography
Ecology and conservation : the selected papers of Makoto Numata
Scandinavian biographical index
Bibliography on international criminal law
The National Research Institute of Legal Policy : presentation and list of publications 1974-1984
A bibliography of writings for the history of the English language
International bibliography of economic crime = Internationale Bibliographie zur Wirtschaftskriminalität
Bibliographies : their aims and methods
The library in tomorrow's society : a literature review
Dorothy Osborne (1627-1695)
International bibliography of selected police literature = Bibliographie international d'ouvrages choisis consacres à la police ..
A bibliography of Richard Hurd
Knowledge management : the bibliography
Emile Durkheim, 1858-1917 : a collection of essays, with translations and a bibliography
ABC for book collectors
Weight and value in pre-coinage societies : an introduction
A bibliography of legal festschriften
No abstract
Bibliography of Finnish Population Studies 2010.
Sino-Western relations, conceptions of China, cultural influences and the development of sinology : disclosed in Western printed books 1477-1877 : the catalogue of the Löwendahl - von der Burg collection. 2, 1777-1877
Informationshandbuch internationale Beziehungen und Länderkunde = Information handbook international relations and area studies = Manuel de référence relations internationales et études régionales
Future war novels : an annotated bibliography of works in English published since 1946
Dutch sources on South Asia, c. 1600-1825. Vol. 1, Bibliography and archival guide to the National Archives at the Haque (The Netherlands)
Emotion and religion : a critical assessment and annotated bibliography
Russia, China and Eurasia : a bibliographic profile of selected international literature
Public international law : concordance of the Festschriften = Droit international public : concordance des mélanges = Völkerrecht : Festschriftenkonkordanz
Empfehlende Bibliographie zum Grundbestand europäischer Parlamentsbibliotheken : Deutsche Publikationen = Recommended reading list of European parliamentary library core materials : German publications
Luettelo Oulun yliopistossa tehdyistä tutkimuksista 1982 = Research activities in the University of Oulu 1982 : a bibliography
Criminal justice in America 1959-1984 : an annotated bibliography
Women : a bibliography of bibliographies
Scientific publications of Pekka Neittaanmäki 1978-2016 : subject classification
Johann Sebastian Bach (1685-1750) is one of the most thoroughly researched composers of Western Art music. For a young scholar, the first task of finding out the state of the current research can be a daunting one. Due to the way the bibliographical studies have been carried out and published in the past, it is unlikely that Bach scholars will ever see a comprehensive, definitive single-volume book in this subject in the future. This electronic publication project is precisely aimed at maintaining the most up-to-date information, with advanced search facilities not previously available. The Database contains over 50 000 records.
Nationalism and national development : an interdisciplinary bibliography
Materiály k bibliografii prací o aktuálním členění větném 1900-1970 = A tentative bibliography of studies in functional sentence perspective
Canadian short stories
The most ambitious effort of any African country to initiate the establishrfient of a socialist society is Tanzania's attempt to create ujamaa villages.This is a bibliography of books, articles and papers on the subject published up to 1980. Most of the materials are in English, several are in Swahili, some in French, a few in German and still fewer in other languages. The works are organized by their dominant theme into sections within four basic subject categories: the evolution, formation, character and evaluation of ujamaa villages or efforts to build ujamaa villages. An author and a subject index are included to facilitate further the location of relevant studies.
The library : the transactions of the Bibliographical society
Bibliography of the Publications of Tapani Harviainen
Dictionary of literary biography. Vol. 184, Nineteenth-century British book-collectors and bibliographers
An international annotated bibliography of Strindberg studies 1870-2005
Research resources : annotated guide to the social sciences. 1, International relations & recent history : indexes, abstracts & periodicals
Bibliography of Finnish Population Studies 2004-2006
Bibliographie des bibliographies canadiennes = Bibliography of Canadian bibliographies
Text
Guide to information on enlargement of the European Union
Bibliography of Japanese new religions : with annotations and an introduction to Japanese new religions at home and abroad : plus an appendix on Aum Shinrikyõ
A brief guide to sources for the study of Afghanistan in the India Office Records
The Roman de Renart : a guide to scholarly work
Bilingualism in the Americas : a bibliography and research guide
The publications of professor Pekka Nuorteva
ICNBS : Copenhagen 25-27 November 1998 : Proceedings of the International Conference on National Bibliographic Services
The Beatles in Hamburg
Introduction to the ethnosemiotic trends in the Komi ethnological school (1)
Scientific publications of Pekka Neittaanmäki 1978-2016
The Scandinavian countries in International Affairs : a selected bibliography on the Foreign Affairs of Denmark, Finland, Norway, and Sweden 1800-1952
Dutch sources on South Asia, c. 1600-1825. Vol. 5, Philip Angel's Deex-Autaers : Vaişņava mythology from manuscript to book market in the context of the Dutch East India Company, c. 1600-1672
Annotated bibliographies of Terra Nova and Gros Morne National Parks
Criminology index : research and theory in criminology in the United States 1945-1972
Bach bibliography : serving scholars all over the world
Greece
Dutch sources on South Asia, c. 1600-1825. Vol. 3, Archival guide to repositories outside the Netherlands
Women in the Wesleyan and United Methodist Church : a bibliography
Selected papers
International law of the sea and marine affairs : a bibliography
VTT:n julkaisutoiminta vuonna 1983 = VTTs publikationsverksamhet år 1983 = Publication activities of VTT in 1983.
SRS research information system : index
Jehovah's Witnesses : a comprehensive and selectively annotated bibliography
In 1728, the Ceylonese Chettiyar Nicolaas Ondaatje was sent into exile to the Cape of Good Hope where he died in 1737, only a few months before the end of his term. All those years, Nicolaas Ondaatje kept in contact with his family and friends in Ceylon through letters in Tamil, Dutch and Sinhala. His own letters are lost but those he received have been preserved. These letters give an intimate picture of an early eighteenth-century elite Chettiyar community in Ceylon employed by the Dutch East India Company. In the letters, which are kept in the archive in Cape Town, we have chanced upon a classic case of subaltern history.
A bibliography of psychological research and writings on Africa
Bibliographies : subject and national : a guide to their contents arrangement and use
The French emblem : bibliography of secondary sources
Bibliographic guide to studies on the status of women : development and population trends
This publication consists of a series of annotated bibliographies on the status of women, development, and population trends. The bibliographies are presented separately for Africa, the Arab states, Asia, Eastern Europe, Latin America, and Northern America and Western Europe. Most of the bibliographies include separate sections on general studies, female labor force participation, family and household, education, and demographic features. Country, subject, and author indexes are provided. The bibliographies include materials in local languages, theses, and unpublished documents.
A bibliography of modern Arthuriana (1500-2000)
Baltic marine environment bibliography 1970-1979
A textual history of Cicero's Academici libri
Twentieth-century bibliography and textual criticism : an annotated bibliography
The Canon Law Collection of the Library of Congress : a general bibliography with selective annotations
Adolf Hitler and the Nazi epoch : an annotated bibliography of English-language works on the origins, nature, and structure of the Nazi state
Books on communism and the communist countries : a selected bibliography
The Baltic psalteries : bibliographical problems and desiderata revisited
Austria
Bibliography on northern sea ice and related subjects
Bibliography of Ukrainian literature in English and French : translations and critical works 1950-1986
East Central Europe : a guide to central publications
Międzynarodowa bibliografia bibliografii z zakresu informacji naukowej, bibliotekoznawstwa i dziedzin pokrewnych 1945-1978 = International bibliography of bibliographies in library and information sciences and related fields 1945-1978
Modern Australian fiction : a bibliography, 1940-1965
Bibliography on the OSCE High Commissioner on National Minorities : documents, speeches and related publications
Glaciological investigations in Norway in 2002
Bibliographie de la mécanique des glaces de rivières et de lacs = Bibliography of river and lake ice mechanics
Guide to information on social policy in Europe
Derrida's critique of Fukuyama's claim that history "as we know it" has ended is highlighted as one of his most valuable contributions to the postmodern cultural debate. This book places Derrida's rejection of Fukuyama's claim within the context of a wider tradition of 'endist' thought.
The myth of print culture : essays on evidence, textuality, and bibliographical method
Politics and experience : essays presented to Professor Michael Oakeshott on the occasion of his retirement
Muwaššaḥ, Zajal, Kharja : bibliography of strophic poetry and music from al-Andalus and their influence in East and West
A new introduction to bibliography
Women in U.S. history : a resource guide
Planning the "city of tomorrow" : British reconstruction planning, 1939-1952 : an annotated bibliography
Scandinavia in social science literature : an English-language bibliography
International relations and foreign policy by countries and subjects : a bibliography of Soviet publications, 1960-1978
Samarbejde og modstand : Danmark under den tyske besættelse 1940-45 : en bibliografi : with an introduction in English
The bibliography covers the literature on population research published by Finnish authors in Finland and abroad during the year 2011-2013. Also included are studies by foreign authors on Finnish population. Included are independent publications and articles in periodicals and compiled works as well as nationwide Finnish statistics. In general the bibliography excludes nonscientific articles in newspapers and weeklies as well as unpublished reports and academic theses. Also not included are studies presented in proceedings of conferences held in Finland if they are written abroad and treated subjects outside Finland. Neither are comparative studies where Finland not forms a substantial part included in the bibliography. Coverage is less complete in peripheral fields.
Gunnar Landtman in Papua : 1910 to 1912
Bibliography of Finnish Population Studies 2011-2013
Prophecy and apocalyptic : an annotated bibliography
National population bibliography of Finland 1945-1978
Signals intelligence in World War II : a research guide
Bibliography of Finnish Population Studies 2000.
Portraits and reviews
Jesuit books in the Dutch republic and its generality lands, 1567-1773 : a bibliography
ABIA : South and Southeast Asian art and archaeology index. Vol. 3, South Asia
Fredrik Barth : a bibliography
Les horaires flexibles et la semaine réduite de travail : aspects théoriques et pratiques, implications : bibliographie internationale, sélective et annotée = Flexible workinghours and the compressed work week : technical and pratical aspects, implications : an international selected and annotated bibliography
Finding legal information : a guide to print and electronic sources
A bibliography of jurisprudence : being a companion to Jurisprudence
Strategic planning for human resources
A bibliography on foreign and comparative law : books and articles in English. 1953-1959
The Netherlands
Chinese periodicals in the Library of Congress
