http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10797 TERESA
TERESA
Mother Teresa : come be my light : the revealing writings of the Nobel peace prize winner
Say hello to peace and tranquility : Netherlands Media Art Institute, Montevideo/Time Based Arts, Amsterdam, March 22 - April 27, 2002 : Nikolaj, Copenhagen Contemporary Art Center, April 26 - June 2, 2002 / curated by: Hans D. Christ, Iris Dressler, Jan Schuijern
Women artists : an illustrated history
"Throughout his career, Obeyesekere has combined psychoanalysis and anthropology to illuminate the relationship between personal symbolism and religious experience. In this book, he begins with Buddha's visionary trances wherein, over the course of four hours, he witnesses hundreds of thousands of his past births and eons of world evolution, renewal, and disappearance. He then connects this fracturing of empirical and visionary time to the realm of space, considering the experience of a female Christian penitent, who stares devotedly at a tiny crucifix only to see the space around it expand to mirror Christ's suffering. Obeyesekere follows the unconscious motivations underlying rapture, the fantastical consumption of Christ's body and blood, and body mutilation and levitation, bridging medieval Catholicism and the movements of early modern thought as reflected in William Blake's artistic visions and poetic dreams. He develops the term 'dream-ego' through a discussion of visionary journeys, Carl Jung's and Sigmund Freud's scientific dreaming, and the cosmic and erotic dream-visions of New Age virtuosos, and he defines the parameters of a visionary mode of knowledge that provides a more elastic understanding of truth. A career-culminating work, this volume translates the epistemology of Hindu and Buddhist thinkers for western audiences while revitalizing western philosophical and scientific inquiry."--Jacket.
Drumming & Rain : a choreographer's score
Saint Teresa of Avila
In the time of the butterflies
Electronic publishing : data bases and computer programs : TERESA (40) 2
Europe's paper industry get a new voice
Mother Teresa : an authorized biography
W is for wasted
Women of the underground : music : cultural innovators speak for themselves
Come be my light : the revealing private writings of the Nobel peace prize winner
Poetry and its language : papers in honour of Teresa Bela
Of the presence of the body : essays on dance and performance theory
Feminist film theorists : Laura Mulvey, Kaja Silverman, Teresa de Lauretis, Barbara Creed
Understanding art objects : thinking through the eye
Practices of inclusion and exclusion in premodern culture
Teresa of Avila : the progress of a soul
Teresa Hubbard, Alexander Birchler : wild walls :  Museen Haus Lange / Haus Esters, Krefeld, 9.9. - 4.11.2001 : huis Marseille, Foundation for Photography, Amsterdam, 30.11.2001 - 24.2.2002 : Kunstverein St. Gallen Kunstmuseum, 31.5. - 11.8.2002 : Kunstha / ed. Martin Hentschel
Mother Teresa : come be my light : the private writings of the Saint of Calcutta
The eagle & the dove : a study in contrasts: St. Teresa of Avila, St. Thérèse of Lisieux
The symbol of night in the works of Santa Teresa de Jesus and San Juan de la Cruz
Spanish Christian Cabala : the works of Luis de León, Santa Teresa de Jesús, and San Juan de La Cruz
Teresa de Jesûs and her world : papers of a conference held at Trinity and All Saints' College on October 24th and 25th 1981 in preparation for commemoration of the quatercentenary of the death of Saint Teresa of Avila (1515-1582)
The collected letters of St. Teresa of Avila. Volume 1, 1546-1577
Great women composers
House with pool
A historical and social study of Brian Friel's Dancing at Lughnasa and Teresa Deevy's Wife to James Whelan
Peacemakers
Teresa Murak : pomiedzy tchnieniem a skorupa - adoracja otwartego = Between a breath and a shell. Adoration of the open
Familiar feelings : on the Boston group : Centro Galego de Arte Contemporánea, Santiago de Compostela, [24.9. - 13.12.2009] / Manuel Segade (ed.)  ; texts David Armstrong ... [et al.]
The Avila of Saint Teresa : religious reform in a sixteenth-century city
Mother Teresa
Teresa of Avila
Feminist filmtheorists : Laura Mulvey, Kaja Silverman, Teresa de Lauretis, Barbara Creed
The art of ecstasy : Teresa, Bernini, and Crashaw
Mother Teresa : a simple path
Mezzo-sopranos in opera : profiles of fifteen great mezzo-sopranos
Teresa Deevy and Irish women playwrights : Silver Jubilee issue of Irish university review
The awakened ones : phenomenology of visionary experience
Mother Teresa : saint or celebrity?
Something beautiful for God : Mother Teresa of Calcutta
Teresa Hubbard, Alexander Birchler : house with pool : Kunstmuseum Basel, Museum für Gegenwartskunst, January 31 - April 18, 2004 / [curator of the exhibition = Kurator der Ausstellung Philipp Kaiser]
Santa Teresa : an appreciation with some of the best passages of the saint's writings
The spiritual teachings of Teresa of Avila and Adrian van Kaam : formative spirituality
Mother Teresa : beyond the image
The missionary position : Mother Teresa in theory and practice
The last attachment : the story of Byron and Teresa Guiccioli as told in their unpublished letters and other family papers
Teresa Hubbard, Alexander Birchler : wild walls : museen Haus Lange / Haus Esters, Krefeld,  huis Marseille, Foundation for Photography, Amsterdam, Kunstverein St. Gallen Kunstmuseum,  Kunsthalle zu Kiel
The female mystic : great women thinkers of the Middle Ages
Amelia to Zora: twenty-six women who changed the world
Teresa, my love : an imagined life of the saint of Avila : a novel
Theophrast Paracelsus : medieval alchemist
The art of piano pedaling : Two classic guides
Mother Teresa of Calcutta : a biography
The complete works of Saint Teresa of Jesus. Volume 3
Religious experience, justification, and history
Mother Teresa of Calcutta
Piano mastery : talks with Paderewski, Hofmann, Bauer, Godowsky, Grainger, Rachmaninoff, and others : the Harriette Brower interviews 1915-1926
Letters from Mother Teresa
Historical encyclopedia of nursing
John of the Cross and Teresa of Avila : mystical knowing and selfhood
Teresa of Avila and the politics of sanctity
Mother Teresa : a biography
Teresa Hubbard and Alexander Birchler : Scene
Attending to the wounds on Christ's body : Teresa's scriptural vision
Teresa of Avila and the rhetoric of femininity
Between desire and passion : Teresa de Cartagena
The producers: : contemporary curators in conversation (4)
Such a vision of the street : Mother Teresa : the spirit and the work
Mother Teresa : her people and her work
Teresa : the story of Byron's last mistress
Teresa de Avila, lettered woman
A choreographer's score : Fase, Rosas danst Rosas, Elena's aria, Bartók
The return to the mystical : Ludwig Wittgenstein, Teresa of Avila and the Christian mystical tradition
Focusing on the ground-breaking work of Laura Mulvey, Kaja Silverman, Teresa de Lauretis and Barbara Creed, this book explores how, since it began in the 1970s, feminist film theory has revolutionized the way that films and their spectators can be understood. Examining the new and distinctive approaches of each of these thinkers, this book provides the most detailed account so far of their ideas. Testing their ideas with a number of other examples from contemporary cinema and TV, Shohini Chaudhuri shows how these four thinkers construct their theories through their reading of films.
R is for ricochet
Living attention : on Teresa Brennan
Teresa Moller : unveiling the landscape
The disunity of the church is a social and theological scandal for it betrays the prayer of Jesus that we "will be one . . . so that the world will believe" (John 17:21) As a Baptist whose academic background focused on the Orthodox Church and whose teaching has included Catholic and Protestant contexts, this division is for Elizabeth Newman personal and professional. Attending to the Wounds on Christ's Body rests on the conviction that the broad tradition of Christianity already contains resources to heal the church, namely the saints of the church. Newman examines especially how Teresa of Avila (1515-1582) speaks to the whole church today in the midst of political, economic, and ecclesial brokenness. Teresa's reliance upon three scriptural figures-dwellings, marriage, and pilgrimage-helps make sense of an ecclesial way of life that is inherently unitive, a unity that stands in contrast to that of the nation-state or the global market. Teresa's scriptural journey offers an alternative at once liturgical, political, and economic. This Doctor of the Church provides "medicine" that can repair wounds of division that separate brothers and sisters in Christ.
Famous women from Nefertiti to Thatcher
Reading fiction as/and theory : Monika Fagerholm's Diva as a Barthesian text and feminist theory
La belle Stuart : memoirs of court and society in the times of Frances Teresa Stuart, Duchess of Richmond and Lennox
