http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10705 forest industry
forest industry
Forest value chain optimization and sustainability
Essays on environmental policy and strategic behavior in international trade
Finnish mechanical forest industry SME perceptions of export barriers to Russia
Wood pulp and fiber statistics. 1, United States and Canada
World pulp and paper capacities 1963-1970 : Fao survey 1967.
Fundamentals of the woodworking trades
The global economics of forestry
Report of the Royal Commission of Pulpwood Canada : sessional paper no 310.
Conditions and prospects for increasing forest yield in northern Europe
Industrial lectures on paper and paperboard converting
Slovenian forest industry and smart specialization strategies : sustainable competitive advantage analysis in a triple helix framework
The map of Finland would look quite different if the forest industry had not had such an important role in the Finnish national economy and society. The production of pulp, paper, sawn timber, plywood and furniture concentrated people in dozens of mill towns and industrial centres. The harvesting and transportation of roundwood, in turn, dispersed people in hundreds of rural villages in different parts of the country. Together these localities formed the settlement systems of the forest sector, in which each of the localities had a certain economic and productive role. During the first half of twentieth century this settlement system expanded with increasing production, but during the second half of the century both lumberman-smallholder villages and mill communities faced serious difficulties. The restructuring processes within the forest sector decreased jobs in forestry and industrial production, although the production volumes continued to increase. Both the growth periods and restructuring periods have created spatial inequalities between localities and regions within the settlement system of the forest sector.
Cost action E51 : Policy integration and coordination : the case of innovation and the forest sector in Europe
Particleboard, April 1975, Pullman, WA : proceedings of the 9th Washington State University symposium
Board mill survey : economic study : United Kingdom
The effects of exchange rates in sawnwood exports from Finland and Sweden during the EMU regime
Reporting on biodiversity and ecosystem services under the GRI : case study in the global forest sector
Metsätilastollinen vuosikirja = Skogsstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of forest statistics. 1992
The importance of transport costs in Swedish forest industry
Public and private forestry enterprises in relation to national forestry production goals
World pulp and paper capacities 1969 to 1974 : Fao survey 1970.
Analysis of China's primary wood products market : sawnwood and plywood
Industrial timberland ownership in the USA : arguments based on case studies
Survival competencies in SMEs in changing business environments
Modeling long-term price development by using time-series auto-regression and expert judgments
Outlook on mechanical wood processing in Estonia
St. Petersburg - a logistics perspective : report of a research project conducted for liquid transportation company Haanpaa Group concerning the liquid logistics requirements, competitive situation and future infrastructural development of St. Petersburg, Russia
Exporting the United States
Cultural differences between German and Finnish foresters in using information and communication technology
Resource and market projections for forest policy development : twenty-five years experience with the US RPA Timber Assessment
Projected pulp and paper mills in the world : 1978-1988. 1978-1988
Wood : a manual for its use in wooden vessels
Benefits of agricultural and forestry machinery standardization in Finland
Energy aspects of the forest industries : proceedings of a seminar organized by the Timber committee of the United Nations Economic commission for Europe, Udine, Italy, 13-17 November 1978.
Impact of the globalizing forest industry of ecosystem services : corporate responsibility and the sustainable management of coupled human-environment systems
Cellulose pulp and allied products
The many faces of responsibility : acceptability of the industry in various societies
Exploring the concept of coopetition : a typology for the strategic moves of the Finnish forest industry
British timbers : their properties, uses and identification. With notes on the growth and cultivation of the trees
Yearbook 2005 : statistics 2004.
Metsätilastollinen vuosikirja = Skogsstatistisk årsbok = Statistical yearbook of forestry. 1997
Linking resource-based view with business economics of woodworking industry : earlier findings and future insights
Towards bioeconomy : a three-phase Delphi study on forest biorefinery diffusion in Scandinavia and North America
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
Wood pulp and allied products
Bacteria colonizing paper machines
Statistical record of the forests and forest industries of Canada
Communicating the environmental performance of wood products
Illustrated woodworking projects
Abstract (kuvailulehti): Continuum - Rethinking BAT Emissions of the Pulp and Paper Industry in the European Union.
The lumber industry at the cross-roads
Half a century of forest industry rhetoric : persuasive strategies in sales argumentation
Wood pulp and its uses
Value-added bioproducts or renewable energy derived from lignin? : comparative regional economic and environmental impact assessment : case Metsä Group's bioproduct mill in Äänekoski
Paper and board in packaging : lectures delivered to a Summer School organized jointly by the Manchester College of Science and Technology and PATRA - the Printing, Packaging and Allied Trades Research Association, with co-operation from the Institute of Packaging, and held at the Manchester College of Science and Technology in June 1961
This article focuses on the most recent internationalisation of Finnish forest companies. The profiles of the major companies are analysed. A 'world map' is drawn to illustrate the gradual formation of forest-industrial spaces in three scales: the articulation of Finnish (national) forest interest is related to the strategic openings of the Finnish forest companies within European (continental) and global (transcontinental) contexts. The suggested world map covers both the active exporting of the 'Finnish model' and the subsequent new location of Finland in the international networks. Both material and symbolic dimensions of the process are highlighted. The slow dynamics of the paper production is set against the current fluidity of societal demands that are fed by intensifying competition between the leading companies, profit maximation among the shareholders, and keen steering by globally aware environmentalists and consumers. Finally, the eco-social consequences of the contested globalisation process are addressed by examining the most controversial signs and signals. These include size ranking of the companies, profit hunting, image and identity politics, and product certifications. The theoretical framework is based on the political-ecology literature inspired by actor- and context-specific approaches. Hence, the aim is a simultaneous analysis of both material and symbolic changes in forest industrial practices.
Geneva timber and forest study papers
The Arkhangelsk oblast has long been one of Russia's most important forest industrial regions. This paper analyses the changes in accessibility of forest resources and forest commodity production during the transition period in the 1990s. Special attention is given to firm restructuring, active roles of domestic capital and the different survival strategies that have been developed by industries in the region. Further analysis deals with signs of economic recovery in the forest sector due to the processes of restructuring, modernisation and self-organisation.
Paper : thirty-sixth report of the Committee on paper specifications to the Joint committee on printing
Papermaking science and technology. 1, Economics of the pulp and paper industry
Forest industry on the map of Finland
Saw filer's handbook
Pulp and paper manufacture. Vol. 2, Preparation of stock for paper making
Continuum : rethinking BAT emissions of the pulp and paper industry in the European Union
Optimum investment planning for forest indutry integrates : visit of U. S. and Canadian paper mills' executives to Finland May 31 - June 12, 1971
A comparison of value added and some other features of different forest industries
Northern timberline forests : environmental and socio-economic issues and concerns = Severnaâ granica lesa : voprosy po okružaûšej crede i social'no-èkonomičeskie voprosy
Discourses of ecology and new biotechnology in the Finnish forest sector - combining old structures and net technologies
Corporate social responsibility in North Carolina's small and medium-sized forest products companies
The Finnish sawmilling, pulp and paper industries
Wood utilization
Particleboard. Vol. 2, Technology
Pulp and paper in Latin America : present situation and future trends of demand, production and trade
Modern pulp and paper making : a practical treatise
Assessing the resource usage decisions and financial performance in Finnish sawmills within the resource-based view framework
Finland's National Forest Programme 2010 : follow-up report 2005-2006
Forest products annual market review 2005-2006
The technology of coated and processed papers
Forest accounts
Young people's perceptions of the wood products industry : a relational view
Fishes and forestry : worldwide watershed interactions and management
Barriers to change? : understanding the institutional hurdles in the Russian forest sector
The manufacture of chemigroundwood pulp from hardwoods
Agricultural buildings 1 : functional requirements
Finnish forest sector economic outlook 2015-2016 : executive summary
Outlook for pulp and paper consumption, production and trade to 1985
Development of forest sector in the Arkhangelsk oblast during the transition period of the 1990s
From Russian forest to world markets : a competitive analysis of the Northwest Russian forest cluster
Pulp and paper manufacture. Vol. 4, Auxiliary paper mill equipment
Wood pulp and fiber statistics to 1976. 2, Other countries
Market and raw material prospects for the particle board industry in Western Europe
The marketing of tropical wood : wood species from African tropical moist forests
Magazine paper consumption in different socio-economic environments : case: emerging markets
The chemistry of cellulose
The management of industrial forest plantations : theoretical foundations and applications
Reposaaren höyrysaha Oy, 1872-1922 : muistojulkaisu 50-vuotisen toiminnan johdosta = To celebrate the fiftieth anniversary of the firms existence
Use of biomass fuels in the brick-making industries of Sudan : implications for deforestation and greenhouse gas emission
Resin-bonded wood chipboard
Small pulp mill survey : economic study : United Kingdom
Study to determine the prospects for system and component building : framework and content of the study
Reference tables 1968
How to Find Potential Customers in Southeast United States Skidder Markets? : Nokian Heavy Tyres Ltd
Managerial perceptions on corporate social responsibility : a transatlantic comparison between forest products companies in Europe and North America
Legitimacy in the pluriverse : towards an expanded view on corporate-community relations in the global forestry industry
Corporate responsibility in Finnish forest industry SMEs : practice without preaching?
Emerging practices and impacts of the sustainable financing in the pulp and paper industry
Globalisation in the forest industry has its own particular characteristics which are due to a high degree of capital intensity and limits in raw material supply. Investments in new capacities are expensive and the rate of forest regeneration is slow in the traditional resource areas in the conifer dominated forests of the global North. The supply problem has lead forest companies to establish tree plantations and pulp mills in the temperate and tropical zones. This has largely modified global forest-industrial relations. I examine here how and why the establishment of the Fray Bentos pulp mill in Uruguay by a Finnish company, Metsä-Botnia, turned into an international conflict. I also show how the political reactions to the mill planning in fact relied on and further developed the international mechanisms of forest-industrial regulation. The partners of the mill project were forced to prove that the fears expressed by critical parties would not come true. The article ends with some suggestions to improve social sensitivity of forest-industrial projects by studying more systematically the dependencies between the forest industry and the environing society.
Interdependence of the sawlog, pulpwood and sawmill chip markets : an oligopsony model with an application to Finland
The hardwood market in Europe
Managing product life cycle data using automatic identification
Industrial ecosystem : using the material and energy flow model of an ecosystem in an industrial system
"Intelligent and resource-efficient production technologies" (EffTech) programme : programme report 2008-2010
CSR performance of global forest products companies and IT companies
The competitive position of the Nordic wood industry in Germany : intangible quality dimensions
Lessons from Fray Bentos: forest industry, overseas investments and discursive regulation
Study to establish the prospects for system and component building : proposal for a continuous annual updating programme 1972-1973
Environmental transformations in the Russian forest industry : key actors and local development
Trust in Russian forest industry relations : editorial
Standard requirements for Pulp&Paper industry in Russia : Technical Regulation of Customs Union 032/2013
Future biorefinery programme report 2009-2011
Vendor managed inventory in wood processing industries : a case study
Environmental arguments : product marketing of paper machine
Projected pulp and paper mills in the world : 1980-1990. 1980-1990
Challenges and opportunities for business advantage in Finnish pellet industries : results on literature review and retailer survey
Functional Location Structure | Development of SAP ERP Machinery Hierarchy
Environmental information in companies' annual reports
Yearbook
Modern techniques for the drying and conditioning of timber
Estimation of eucalyptus forest plantations carbon sequestration potential in Uruguay with the CO2fix model
The manufacture of pulp and paper : a textbook of modern pulp and paper mill practice. 5, Papermaking machines, handmade papers, paper finishing, coated papers, paper testing, papermaking details
Paper making : a general account of its history, processes, and applications
America's demand for wood 1929-1975 : summary of a report
Biofore / : UPM's stakeholder magazine
Yearbook 2004 : Statistics 2003
Paper and paper making
Pulping processes
The comparative measurement of productivity in the European paper-making industry : report of the Special Committee for Pulp and Paper of O.E.C.D
A study of the use of regression equations for projecting longrun trends in demand for paper and board
Key to the Finnish forest industry
Printing and writing papers in Finland
Simplified design of structural timber
The growth of forest industries and their impact to the world's forests
The manufacture of pulp and paper : a textbook of modern pulp and paper mill practice. Volume 4, Pulping of rag and other fibers, processing waste papers, beating and refining, fillers and loading, sizing of paper, paper coloring, water and steam, auxiliary mill equipment, heating and ventilation
The forest industry of Finland
Benefits and results of computer control in pulp and paper industry
Interaction of real and financial flexibility : an empirical analysis
Summary.
The state of Canada's forests 1996-1997 : learning from history
Implementation of pulp and paper sludge in anaerobic wetdigester : Pilot scale Mobile Biogas plant technology
Antecedents and barriers to product innovation : a comparison between innovating and non-innovating strategic business units in the wood industry
The effect of supply system on the wood paying capability of a kraft pulp mill using Scots pine harvested from first thinnings
Developing a Scots pine breeding objective : a case study involving a Swedish sawmill
The use of network-based business models has been brought up as a means of creating com-petitive edge in the tightening global competition. In practice, adopting network-based models has not yet become common in the wood products industry. The objective of this study is to gain better understanding of types of network-based business models using a case study of two small and medium-sized wood industry companies in Finland (for a sake of anonymity named as A and B). The network of company A is found to consist of mostly of established actors with a new-in-the-market value creation system, whereas network for company B is more stable and has an established value system aiming at growth and incremental innovations. Both networks had experienced difficulties in finding partners and lacked some strategic resources. Via this example we wish to stimulate further research interest on the sources of network-based competitive advantage in the traditional wood product industry in a need of renewal of business models..
Strategic business networks in the Finnish wood products industry: a case of two small and medium-sized enterprises
The pulp and paper industry in Europe : developments between 1950 and 1957, the situation in 1958, prospects for 1963-1965
The effective width of plywood flanges in stressed skin constructions
An analysis of the problem of industrial productivity measurement as applied to the douglas fir plywood industry
Nordic and North-American sawmill techniques : proceedings from the World Wood International Sawmill Seminar, Jönköping, 3-5 June in conjunction with Elmia 75.
Social media in wood products marketing and collecting of end user driven product development ideas
Lumber : its manufacture and distribution
Special meeting on the utilization of small-sized wood
An evaluation of the economics of supplying sawmill chips to pulp and paper mills
Fine structure and reactions of native cellulose
Timber industry in Europe : statistics for 1955 - trends for 1956.
The pulp and paper industry in Europe : its trends from 1950 to 1955, its future prospects
The forests of Sweden
The role of forest industries in the attack on economic underdevelopment
Dimensionality of quality from a customer perspective in the wood industry
Atlas of the forest sector in Poland
Creating trust in institutions in Russian forest localities
Globalisation and the Finnish forest sector: on the internationalisation of forest-industrial operations
Possibilities for the development of the pulp and paper industry in Latin America : a joint study by the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations
Forestec : The finnish forest technology review : 1996 guide to finnish forest technology
The manufacture of pulp and paper : a textbook of modern pulp and paper mill practice. Vol. 3, Properties of pulpwood, preparation of wood, manufacture of mechanical, silphite, soda, and sulphate pulps, treatment of pulp, refining and testing of pulp, bleaching of pulp
Lumber : manufacture, conditioning, grading, distribution, and use
A self-assessment based method for post-completion audits in paper production line investment projects
The ecosystem services approach in corporate sustainability : results from industrial plantation forestry in China
The timber industry of Finland
Emergence and translations of management interests in corporate branding in the Finnish pulp and paper corporations : a study with an actor-network theory approach
The formation and structure of paper : Transactions of the symposium held at Oxford, September 1961, vol.1
Elsevier's wood dictionary in seven languages : English/American, French, Spanish, Italian, Swedish, Dutch and German. Vol. 1, Commercial and botanical nomenclature of world-timbers sources of supply
Integrating forestry into the life cycle assessment (LCA) of forest products
Suomalaista työtä = Finland at work
The manufacture of pulp and paper : a textbook of modern pulp and paper mill practice. Volume 4, Pulping of rag and other fibers..
Environmental quality of wood products : preliminary study about the UK market
Northwest Russian Forest Sector in a Nutshell
Wood extractives : and their significance to the pulp and paper industries
Survey of regeneration on private lands 1983.
Forest industries development in Eastern Africa
Forest-based industries in Finland : UNIDO seminar on furniture and joinery industries in developing countries 16 Aug. - 10 Sept. 1971
The German wood product markets : importance of supplier characteristics : prospective consumption
Economics of investment and manufacture of wood-based panels : background paper
The formation and structure of paper : Transactions of the symposium held at Oxford, September 1961, vol.2
Local community perceptions of the importance of non-wood forest products in Tanzania : case study in Shebomeza and Mkwakwani villages
World pulpwood : a study in the competitive position of pulpwood in different forest regions
Fuel switching, energy saving and carbon trading : three ways to control carbon dioxide emissions in the Finnish forest industry
Guidelines before establishing a wood-based panels operation
