http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10746 teacher training
teacher training
Teacher education and inclusion in Ghana : pre-service teachers' preparedness for creating an inclusive classroom
Strengthening teacher education : the challenges to college and university leaders
Handbook of research on teacher education in the digital age
International handbook of teacher education. Vol. 2
Pre-service teachers' objectives, challenges, and experience of practical work
Who is a suitable teacher? : the over-100-year long history of student selection for teacher training in Finland / Satu Uusiautti, Kaarina Määttä
The International Handbooks of Teacher Education cover major issues in the field through chapters that offer detailed literature reviews, designed to help readers to understand the history, issues and research developments across those topics most relevant to the field of teacher education from an international perspective. This volume is divided into two sections: Teacher educators; and, students of teaching. The first examines teacher educators, their role, and the way that role influences the nature of teaching about teaching. In turn, the second explores who students of teaching are, and how that influences the relationship between teaching and learning about teaching.
Good teachers and good teacher educators : a glance at the current teacher education in Finland
The preparation of urban teachers : a proposed syllabus : the development of curricular materials for the urban teacher education program at Fordham University, New York City
Education andtraining 2010 : three studies to support school policy development. Lot 2, Teacher education curricula in the EU. Final Report
Educating teachers : critiques and proposals
New understandings of teacher's work : emotions and educational change
A practical guide to teacher education evaluation
A teacher training manual
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
Teachers for our nation's schools
Transfer and adaptation to Swedish teacher training of minicourse. 1, Effective questioning
Combining theory and practice in teacher education
Teaching practice: problems and perspectives : a reappraisal of the practical professional element in teacher preparation
Pedagogical leadership to support new teachers' growth
Research and reform in teacher education
Teacher training in retrospection : a preliminary report
Teacher education through active engagement : raising the professional voice
Lifelong learning : new vision, new implications, new roles for people, organizations, nations and communities in the 21st century
Developing teacher-student counselling training in Oulu University of Applied Sciences : knowledge building through collaboration
Teaching Africa : towards a transgressive pedagogy
Significant trends in the development of Finnish teacher education programs (1860-2010)
Learning to teach in two cultures : Japan and United States
Encyclopaedia of teacher education
Teacher education for equality : papers from the 20th annual conference of the Association for Teacher Education in Europe (ATEE), Oslo College, Norway, 1995
Trailblazers or guinea pigs : a comparative study between two eLearning cources at Open University and Tampere Polytechnic
The "Handbook of Research and Policy in Art Education" marks a milestone in the field of art education. Sponsored by the National Art Education Association and assembled by an internationally known group of art educators, this 36-chapter handbook provides an overview of the remarkable progress that has characterized this field in recent decades. Organized into six sections, it profiles and integrates the following elements of this rapidly emerging field: history, policy, learning, curriculum and instruction, assessment, and competing perspectives. Because the scholarly foundations of art education are relatively new and loosely coupled, this handbook provides researchers, students, and policymakers (both inside and outside the field) an invaluable snapshot of its current boundaries and rapidly growing content. In a nutshell, it provides much needed definition and intellectual respectability to a field that as recently as 1960 was more firmly rooted in the world of arts and crafts than in scholarly research.
Within educational research that seeks to understand the quality and effectiveness of teachers and school, the role emotions play in educational change and school improvement has become a subject of increasing importance. In this book, scholars from around the world explore the connections between teaching, teacher education, teacher emotions, educational change and school leadership. (For this text, "teacher" encompasses pre-service teachers, in-service teachers and headteachers, or principals). New Understandings of Teacher's Work: Emotions and Educational Change is divided into four themes: educational change; teachers and teaching; teacher education; and emotions in leadership. The chapters address the key basic and substantive issues relative to the central emotional themes of the following: teachers' lives and careers in teaching; the role emotions play in teachers' work; lives and leadership roles in the context of educational reform; the working conditions; the context-specific dynamics of reform work; school/teacher cultures; individual biographies that affect teachers' emotional well-being; and the implications for the management and leadership of educational change, and for development, of teacher education.
Abstract: Follow-up and evaluation of the teacher education development programme 2005.
Implementing education for sustainable development in Namibia : a case of three senior secondary schools
Widening perspectives of teacher education : studies on theory-practice relationship, reflection, research and professional development
The miseducation of American teachers
The future of teacher education : needed research and practice
The rise stall of teacher education reform
Engaging in mathematics in the classroom : symbols and experiences
"These guidelines were developed by the ODIHR Advisory Council of Experts on Freedom of Religion or Belief in co-operation with education experts. Aimed at both legislators and schools, they offer guidance on preparing curricula for teaching about religions and beliefs, preferred procedures for assuring fairness in the development of curricula, and standards for how they could be implemented."
Who am I? : the teacher identity construction of student teachers
Teacher education & practice : the journal of the Texas Association of Colleges for Teacher Education
Self-observation and self-analysis in teacher training : teaching materials and curriculum together with preliminary findings on their use : the Microteaching project
Teacher education curricula after the Bologna Process : a comparative analysis of written curricula in Finland and Estonia
Kazan' Teacher's Seminary and the awakening of the Finnic peoples of the Volga-Urals region
Language teacher education and the challenges of information and communication technologies (ICTs) : Finnish perspectives
Charting Teachers' Perspective on Utilizing Distance Learning in Higher Education
[Education for international understanding in teacher education] : final report : European seminar on implementation of the Unesco recommendation concerning education for international understanding in teacher education Espoo, Finland, September 2-5, 1980.
Towards a collaborative, interactionist model of teacher change
Initial teacher preparation for inclusive education in Ghana : status and challenges
Teacher education : keeping up with the Finns?
Changing the practice of teacher education : the role of the knowledge base
Mentoring has emerged as an essential and effective process for developing teacher practice. The holistic student-centred guidance model is utilised to define the mentors' roles and inputs in the teacher practice mentoring process. The purpose of this article is to describe mentors' perceptions of mentoring teacher students in teacher practice at the School of Vocational Teacher Education in Oulu, Finland. The material for the development project was collected by conducting an inquiry at the beginning of mentors' guidance training. The study participants included 21 mentors from different vocational schools. In the mentoring process, the interaction and cooperation between mentor and mentee plays an essential role. Mentors' perceptions of their role in mentoring focus mainly on educational guidance and personal guidance. According to the findings, more attention could be focused on mentoring teacher students' vocational development during teacher practice. The results can be used in developing the mentors' guidance training.
Some notes on the teacher education programme in Sweden
Criteria for curriculum decisions in teacher education : a report from the ASCD Commission on Teacher Education
The first teaching practice
Vocational teacher education in Finland : towards broad-based teaching
ICT in education : EFL teacher trainees' views of the affordances of ICT use in education and the need for ICT training in teacher education programmes in Finnish universities
The education of American teachers
The International Handbook of Research on Teachers and Teaching" provides a fresh look at the ever changing nature of the teaching profession throughout the world. This collection of over 70 original articles addresses a wide range of issues that are relevant for understanding the present educational climate in which the accountability of teachers and the standardized testing of students have become dominant. The international collection of authors brings to the handbook a breadth of knowledge and experience about the teaching profession, and a wealth of material across a number of comparative dimensions, such as between developed and developing countries, and Eastern and Western cultures. In addition, many articles address the emerging challenges to education and to the lives of teachers which are brought about by the globalization trends of the 21st Century. The handbook is divided into two volumes, and focuses on the following general topic areas: Theory and Research on Teachers; Becoming a Teacher; Characteristics of Teachers; Teacher Behaviors; Teacher Life Cycles; Theories of Teaching and Learning Teaching in Classrooms; Teaching Specific Student Populations; The Teaching of Individual Subjects; Great Debates about Teachers; and, Teaching. The handbook is written for students and researchers in the fields of education, the social sciences and the behavioral sciences. In addition, it is a valuable resource for policy-makers who want knowledge and insights based on the latest research findings. Many author recommendations are relevant for the development of educational reform policies in both developed and developing societies.
Fulfilling the criteria for a good mathematics teacher : the case of one student
Discipline, decency, and teetotalism at early-1900's teacher training colleges in northern Finland
Papers presented to the Division K Symposium "Teacher Education in Europe - Current Tendencies and Prospects in a Comparative Perspective", at AERA in New Orleans April 27, 2000
Is Coeducation An Untouchable Dogma? : Breaking Ground in the Introduction of Single-Sex Education
Why in-service teachers left their employment and pursued master's studies at a Finnish university
Teacher education and the new media
Mentoring in physical education : issues and insights
Learning to teach
Changing perspectives and agendas : entrepreneurship education in vocational learning and teaching
The teacher educator's handbook : building a knowledge base for the preparation of teachers
The International Journal of Education for Diversities
Open and distance learning : developing learning opportunities in the teacher education in Nepal
This publication describes the basis from which the structures, strategies and teaching and learning processes of open and distance learning were created and implemented for the first time at Tribhuvan University in Nepal. JAMK University of Applied Sciences has collaborated with diverse organisations in Nepal for several years. The development collaboration that this publication focuses on concerns the Training of Trainers for the Teacher Qualification Upgrading Programme in Nepal (ToT Nepal) funded by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Finland, HEI ICI programme. The main goal of the programme was to strengthen the expertise of Tribhuvan University in order to establish an open and distance learning system, and thereby to provide more flexible studying possibilities to teachers who are already working. This publication provides viewpoints, concepts and some practices that have been discussed and worked on with the personnel of Tribhuvan University during the workshops. The concept of learning and pedagogy forms the foundation for the development of education. Therefore, the issue of learning shows as a cross-cutting theme in the articles. Furthermore, the context of the development of open and distance learning has a fundamental impact on the content of the development work. In the case of Nepal, the technology infrastructure is still rather weak and, therefore, starting from the basics reflects from the articles.The writers were the experts in the above-mentioned project from JAMK and Häme Universities of Applied Sciences. The writers of the articles cover their role and expertise areas in the project.
Scientific inquiry and nature of science : implications for teaching, learning, and teacher education
Levels of autonomy and responsiblities of teachers in Europe
The organization and administration of student teaching in state teachers colleges
Educational reforms in South Africa : the role of the teachers in the implementation of educational reforms in post apartheid South Africa 1994-2008
Entrepreneurial way of acting as a method in student teachers' compulsory music course
In search for the conceptual origin of university students' community in a confluence of on- and offline learning environments / ethnographies in technology-rich, multi-sited fields of study
Handbook of early childhood teacher education
Sink or swim : a study of novice English teachers in working life and their job satisfaction
Teetotalism as the core of education at the elementary school teacher training college of Tornio, Finland
Traditional classrooms are fast becoming a minority in the education field. As technologies continue to develop as a pervasive aspect of modern society, educators must be trained to meet the demands and opportunities afforded by this technology-rich landscape. The Handbook of Research on Teacher Education in the Digital Ag e focuses on the needs of teachers as they redesign their curricula and lessons to incorporate new technological tools. Including theoretical frameworks, empirical research, and best practices, this book serves as a guide for researchers, educators, and faculty and professional developers of distance learning tools.
New directions in teachers education : foundations, curriculum, policy
With a summary in Swedish.
Learning to teach : teaching to learn
Education and the education of teachers
"I've been raised to value the human equality" : Finnish as second language teachers' intercultural communication competence at the integration training of Vantaa Adult Education Institute
Exploring co-creation of educational videos in an international collaborative context
Voices for tomorrow : Sixth International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
ICT in Finnish initial teacher education : country report for the OECD/CERI New Millennium Learners project ICT in Initial Teacher Training
Value assessment of prior learning
Critical learning incidents and use as a learning method : a comparison of Finnish and British nurse student teachers
Teacher education in America : a documentary history
Regional co-operation in science education research and researcher training : an example from Northern Europe
Towards vocational top expertise
Inquiry into teaching behavior of supervisors in teacher education laboratories
Research on teacher education in Finland, Germany and Sweden
Issues in teacher education. Vol. 2, Background papers from the National Commission for Excellence in Teacher Education
Seeking New Perspectives on the Development of Teacher Education   A Study of the Finnish Context
Low-educated second language and literacy acquisition : proceedings of the 8th symposium
Students teachers' views on relevance and coherence of mathematics and science teacher education programme
Introducing Dialogic Teaching to Science Student Teachers
International perspectives on teacher education
Building bridges for educational reform : new approaches to teacher education
Initial teacher training and the role of the school
Towards compulsory higher education teacher education in Finnish Universities
Colleges in crisis : the reorganization of teacher training 1971-7
Society and the education of teachers
Evaluation of teacher education programs by students and graduates
The clinical professorship in teacher education : report of a conference at Northwestern University october 24-25, 1966 in cooperation with the Carnegie Corporation of New York
Some problems in combining the individual tutors' marks into a final mark in teaching ability
Teachers' professional development : Europe in international comparison : an analysis of teachers' professional development based on the OECD's Teaching and Learning International Survey (TALIS)
The JULIET programme in the University of Jyväskylä : a view from the inside
In-service teachers' learning through integrating theory and practice
Vocational education aims to prepare competent workforce for the needs of continuously changing work life. A competent employee does not only carry out routine tasks but is also required to have the ability to act in the communities of practice in his field and develop his way of working. The challenge of Finnish school-based vocational education has been in creating such learning environments that promote learning professional knowledge demanded by work life. The challenge has required vocational teachers to develop their competences in collaboration with employers. The research covers the role of Finnish vocational teachers' authentic work placement periods in developing competences from the viewpoint of sociocultural learning. During the work placement period, a teacher furthers his or her competences by working in goal-oriented and planned ways in the work communities of enterprises or in the public sector of their fields. The purpose of the present qualitative case study is to increase the understanding of the role of authentic work placement periods in vocational teachers' competence. Experiences of teachers representing different subjects were studied during their work placement periods. The results show that work placement period supports the development of teachers' competences and provides prerequisites for work-based vocational education.
Teacher students' school memories as a part of the development of their professional identity
What should a student know?
Recruits to teaching : a study of the attainments, qualifications and attitudes of students entering training colleges
Multimode teacher education integrating theory and practice
Teachers for tomorrow : diverse and radical views about teacher education
Learning to teach is complex. Teacher candidates begin a preservice program with powerful tacit assumptions about how teachers teach based on lengthy apprenticeships of observation over many years as students. Virtually all teacher education programs provide a mixture of coursework and classroom experience. Much has been written about the theory-into-practice approach in teacher education, an approach that assumes teacher candidates who have been provided with instructions about how to teach will be able to recall and apply them in a school setting. In reality, teacher candidates report considerable difficulty enacting theory in practice, to the point that many question the value of coursework. This book takes an in-depth look at five future teachers in one teacher education program, analyzing and interpreting how they and their teacher educators learn from experience during both coursework and practicum experiences. Many assumptions about the complex challenges of teaching teachers are called into question. Is the role of a teacher educator to synthesize research-based best practices for candidates to take to their field placements? Does the preservice practicum experience challenge or reinforce a lifetime of socialized experiences in schools? Must methods courses always be seen by most teacher candidates as little more than sites for collecting resources? Where and how do candidates construct professional knowledge of teaching? The data illustrate clearly that methods courses can be sites for powerful learning that challenges tacit assumptions about how and why we teach.
A work in progress : the development of teacher identity with English language student teachers
Advances in teacher education. Vol. 4
Teacher education reform : current research
Open and Distance Learning is one mean to provide learning opportunities and to implement the idea of equal opportunities and the right to education. This publication focuses on the development of open and distance learning at Tribhuvan University in Nepal, in which there was a need to establish a new mode of learning for the population that is working. This publication describes the basis from which the structures, strategies and teaching and learning processes of open and distance learning were created and implemented for the first time at Tribhuvan University.The development collaboration that this publication focuses on concerns the Training of Trainers for the Teacher Qualification Upgrading Programme in Nepal (ToT Nepal) funded by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Finland, HEI ICI programme. The main goal of the programme was to strengthen the capacity of Tribhuvan University to establish an open and distance learning system.
New challenges for teachers and their education : teacher training perspectives : Standing Conference of European Ministers of Education, 15th Session, Strasbourg, 15-16 December 1986
Creativity in design and technology education : a case study in the education of primary school teachers
How to train good teachers in Finnish universities? : student teachers' study process and teacher educators' role in it / Satu Uusiautti and Kaarina Määttä
Identifying dimensions of students' view of mathematics
Foreign experiences of student teachers in dynamic identity construction  promoting multicultural education
Cross-cultural analysis of teacher confirmation, student motivation, classroom emotion and emotional interest in China, Korea and Japan
Teacher education in the Netherlands, Belgium, Luxembourg
When teachers face themselves
Competence-based education refers to the integration of knowledge,  skills, attitudes and interactivity as the intended outcomes of learning. It  makes use of lifelong learning and lifelike tasks in realistic settings and  requires the cooperation of teachers. This research was prompted by the  desire to explain why collegial cooperation often seems to be problematic  in schools and universities. Are there certain social structures or  behavioural patterns that influence the cooperative culture in teacher  communities? The research material was collected in 2013 and 2014 in  Oulu, Finland. The target groups were both newly qualified and experienced  vocational teachers at all educational levels (N=30). The data collection  methods were open questions in interviews and questionnaires.  The research approach and analysis methods were qualitative. The theoretical  background is in humanistic-cognitive and experiential learning  as well as in dynamic epistemic conceptions. The findings show that the  prevailing model in teacher communities is individualistic, disciplinedivided  and course-based, especially among older teachers. The obstacles  refer to teachers' self-image and a deeply rooted fear of criticism  or revelation of incompetence. The promoters of cooperation were connected  to the changing practices and desire of sharing with colleagues.
Teacher educators amid conflicting demands : tensions between individual and organizational development
The dynamics of change in teacher education. Vol. 1, Background papers from the National Commission for Excellence in Teacher Education
Problem solving in mathematics club
Teacher training in the Baltic States : review on programme activities
From teachers into multiply skilled persons : how was art education implemented at a Finnish teacher training college in 1921-1970?
Learning and teaching oral communication in English in vocational school : learners' and teachers' views
Future challenges for education and learning outcomes
The following paper introduces an innovative international collaboration in teacher education held in 2014. This event, described as an educational video challenge, was organized as a 72 hour, hackathon-style educational experience in which university-level students worked together in teams to co-create educational videos. The objective of the challenge event was to encourage teacher students to explore the design and use of educational videos for use in their teaching practice. The challenge was simultaneously held at three universities in Finland, Austria and Germany and culminated in the screening of completed student-generated videos. The majority of videos produced during the event were trigger videos, while findings from a preliminary assessment conducted with participants suggest that an educational video challenge format shows promise as an effective method for enhancing skills associated with teaching through video and engaging participants in dialogue connected to practice.
Intercultural training in teacher education : a literature and explorative field study
Economics of education
Partnership in initial teacher training : talk and chalk
Quality control in teacher education : some policy issues
Teacher education in China
Accreditation in teacher education : its influence on higher education
Assessment of prior learning in vocational teacher education
The conant controversy in teacher education
Action and reflection in teacher education
Virtuality and digital nomadism : an introduction to the LIVE Project (1997-2000)
Curriculum development / a guide for educators
Vocational teacher education in support of research and development skills among polytechnic teachers
Issues and problems in teacher education : an international handbook
Handbook for practicum students and interns in educational administration
Interpersonal perceptions of teachers, students, and parents : an action-research project for the in-service training of teachers
Towards dialogic teaching in science : challenging classroom realities through teacher education
Student teachers innovating on the blackboard learning platform
An analysis of content of student-teaching cources for education of elementary teachers in state teachers colleges
Current research on Finnish teacher education
This study explores dialogical mentoring and is part of a larger research project begun in 2009. It was designed and carried out in Finland, in the School of Vocational Teacher Education, a unit of the Oulu University of Applied Sciences. The empirical data were collected from mentors and mentees during the teacher practice period. Dialogical mentoring is a process where both novice and experienced teachers can learn something new. Dialogue involves the participants' willingness to put forward and share new ideas. This study attempts to clarify the main characteristics of true dialogical mentoring process in teaching practice. According to the findings, the main characteristics in mentoring the teaching practice are: equal encounter and mutual appreciation of competence, mutual learning and growth of competence.
The Sage handbook of research in international education
Teachers' life-cycle from initial teacher education to experienced professional : ATEE 2011 annual conference proceedings
Modernising vocational education and training : fourth report on vocational training research in Europe : background report. Vol. 2
The selection and professional development of trainers for initial teacher training, Strasbourg, 27-28 March 1990 : secretariat report
Developing teacher students co-operation skills and critical thinking
Evaluation of Teacher Education Programs by Students and Graduates
E-learning activities are likely to grow significantly and the area has potential to generate more possibilities for both teachers and students especially in higher education. It creates alternative ways to partake, tutor and utilize new learning environment. In this paper we present our on-going work on exploring current usage and attitudes towards using eLearning technologies in teaching. The aim was to investigate advantages, challenges and needs for support among teachers in higher education. In our case, focus was to concentrate on distance learning more than e-learning in general.  The results show that the perceived advantages of distance learning were dominated by independence concerning of time, place, flexibility and individual options. Distance learning was seen flexible and enhancing of students' freedom of their own studies. More surprisingly distance learning was perceived more activating than traditional learning increasing presence, participation and both communal and individual learning. In addition the results revealed that there is emerging need for building deeper understanding of challenges faced by teachers utilizing distance learning. It is important to take into account that continuous and relevant training, peer support for educators are key factors in order to increase usage of eLearning methods. It requires also more straightforward tools and services to support learning gains and enhance usage of distance learning in higher education.
School, culture and well-being : ArctiChildren research and development findings from northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and north-west Russia
Students' perceptions of highly interactive, reflective and process oriented eLearning courses
The education of science teachers
Change in teacher education : context and provision since Robbins
A century of public teacher education : the story of the state teachers colleges as they evolved from the normal schools
International handbook of research on teachers and teaching
Changing dimensions in teacher education : twentieth yearbook 1967 annual meeting
Inside teacher education : challenging prior views of teaching and learning
MOOC for Nordic education for teachers in the field of basic skills for adults : a feasibility studie
Mentors' perceptions of teacher practice : a  case study of the School of Vocational Teacher Education
Characteristics Of True Dialogical Mentoring Process In Teaching Practice
Advances in teacher education. Vol. 3
Priorities in teacher education : the 7 key elements of pre-service preparation
Changes in teacher profession in Finland during the war years 1939-1945
The Bolashak Fellowship program in HAMK University of Applied Sciences, Finland 2013-2014
Student perspectives on vocational teacher education in the English program : with an epilogue on the counselors' perspective by Leena Härkäpää & Riitta Larna
International handbook of teacher education. Vol. 1
Russian education system in transition towards democracy - future teachers' perspective
Struggle for diversity of languages in a harmonising European context - new tasks for teacher education
The International Handbooks of Teacher Education cover major issues in the field through chapters that offer detailed literature reviews designed to help readers to understand the history, issues and research developments across those topics most relevant to the field of teacher education from an international perspective. This volume is divided into two sections: The organisation and structure of teacher education; and, knowledge and practice of teacher education. The first section explores the complexities of teacher education, including the critical components of preparing teachers for teaching, and various aspects of teaching and teacher education that create tensions and strains. The second examines the knowledge and practice of teacher education, including the critical components of teachers' professional knowledge, the pedagogy of teacher education, and their interrelationships, and delves into what we know and why it matters in teacher education.
Collaborative knowledge building to promote in-service teacher training on environmental education : first year preliminary results
Handbook of research and policy in art education
Multicultural teacher education. Volume 4, Guidelines for implementation
Arts and skills - source of well-being : Third International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
Education as a social force : as illustrated by a study of the teacher-training program in Nova Scotia
The future of teacher education
Summary (s. 39).
Collection of case studies on examples of good practice in teacher education : with a focus on organisational aspects and integrated concepts of language education
The tutorial and clinical program of teacher education : a study of teacher education in cooperation with the Carnegie Corporation of New York
Achieving competence, success and excellence in teaching
Towards a policy for the education of teachers : proceedings of the 20th Symposium of the Colston Research Society : held in the University of Bristol April 1st to 5th, 1968
Pre-service foreign language teachers' expectations of their studies and teacher profession
The theory practice relationship in student teachers' pedagogical thinking during the master's thesis writing process
Competence-based curriculum (CBC) in Tanzania : tutors' understanding and their instructional practices
A good idea in theory : inclusion as English subject teacher students see it
Managing professional development in education : issues in policy and practice
Scaffolding inquiry in science education by means of computer supported collaborative learning : pupils' and teacher students' experiences
Psychology in teacher preparation
Vocational teachers' professional agency in the stream of change
Advances in teacher education. Vol. 5, What counts as knowledge in teacher education ?
Comments on the development of teachers in training
Advances in teacher education
Towards Competence-based Practices in Vocational  Education : What Will the Process Require from  Teacher Education and Teacher Identities?
Narrative research : voices of teachers and philosophers
Inequalities in the teaching profession : a global perspective
The growth in English language teaching worldwide and the related increase in teacher training programmes of all kinds highlight the need for greater accountability in the assessment of teachers. The need for formal summative assessment has taken on greater importance in training programmes and requires procedures which do not always sit easily with the development process, while transparency of assessment procedures is also increasingly demanded by the candidates themselves. This edited volume discusses key issues in assessing language teachers' professional skills and knowledge and provides case study illustrations of how teacher knowledge and teaching skills are assessed at pre-service and in-service levels within the framework of the Cambridge English Teaching Qualifications. The volume provides: - discussion of ways in which the changing nature of English language teaching has impacted on teacher education and assessment - examples of specific assessment procedures for both teaching knowledge and practical classroom skills - accounts of the ways in which the Cambridge English Teaching Qualifications have been integrated into and adapted for local contexts.
Evaluating electronic portfolios in teacher education
Design learning and well-being : 4th International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
Assessing language teachers' professional skills and knowledge
Portfolio and performance assessment in teacher education
Integrating theory and practice in vocational teacher education
An enquiry into teacher training
School-centered initial teacher training 1993-1994 : a report from the office of Her Majesty's chief inspector of schools
Where are we going? Who will lead us there?
Toledo guiding principles on teaching about religions and beliefs in public schools
