http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10765 poliomyelitis
poliomyelitis
Hammers over the anvil
Surveillance of poliomyelitis : lessons learnt from the 1992/1993 outbreak in the Netherlands : report on a WHO Meeting, Bilthoven 22-23 June 1993.
Type 1 diabetes and cellular immune response to enteroviruses
The Subregional meeting of national coordinators for laboratory containment of wild polioviruses was held on 23-25 May 2001, in Vienna, Austria. The purposes of the meeting were: a) to brief the national containment coordinators and polio laboratory heads on the global and regional progress in poliomyelitis eradication; b) to review the global and regional containment processes; c) to review the containment process at country level; d) to discuss and finalize the plan of work for 2001-2002. During several sessions participants have received the updated materials on global and regional implementation of Poliomyelitis Eradication Initiative. The latest data on AFP/polio virological surveillance by national and some subnational polio laboratories in Armenia, Belarus, Estonia, Georgia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Latvia, Lithuania, Moldova, Russia, Ukraine, and Uzbekistan were presented and discussed. Recent information on laboratory containment of wild polioviruses and the progress in this process were discussed also in detail. The participants of the meeting formulated recommendations to European countries on future acceleration and completion of laboratory containment of wild polioviruses. They also asked WHO headquarters to continue the development of containment policy and to define the criteria to decide the fate of potentially infectious materials.
Coordination of operation MECACAR : report on a WHO Meeting, Tashkent, Uzbekistan, 14-16 October 1996.
Measles and poliomyelitis : vaccines, immunization, and control
Subregional meeting of national coordinators for laboratory containment of wild polioviruses : report on a WHO meeting, Vienna, Austria 23-25 May 2001.
Poliomyelitis : molecular studies of neurovirulent poliovirus and late consequences of the disease
Factors affecting plaque assay of animal viruses : With special reference to vesicular stomatitis and vaccinia virus
Factors affecting plaque assay of animal viruses : with special reference to vesicular stomatitis and vaccinia virus
During World War II, polio epidemics in the United States could be neither predicted nor contained, and paralyzed patients faced disability in a world unfriendly to the disabled. Sister Elizabeth Kenny arrived in the US from Australia in 1940 espousing an unorthodox approach to the treatment of polio. The Kenny method, initially dismissed by the US medical establishment, gained overwhelming support over the ensuing decade. Rogers presents both the passion and the practices of clinical care and explores them in their own terms.
The secret
The river : a journey back to the source of HIV and AIDS
Poliomyelitis in socio-cultural context : study from province Punjab, Pakistan
Cross-reactivity between enterovirus antigens : (Echovirus type 6 and polioviruses.)
Flying without wings : personal reflections on beingdisabled
The progress of nations 1999.
Sub-regional meeting of national coordinators for laboratory containment of wild polioviruses : repoprt on a WHO meeting, Prague, Czech Republic 13-15 December 2000.
Consultation on Surveillance of poliovirus in Europe : report on a WHO Meeting Veyrier-du-Lac (France) 26-27 August 1991.
Oral polio vaccination and pregnancy outcome
Polio wars : Sister Elizabeth Kenny and the golden age of American medicine
Murderous contagion : a human history of disease
Genetic variation in enteroviruses
Given the explosion in recent years of scholarship exploring the ways in which disability is manifested and performed in numerous cultural spaces, it's surprising that until now there has never been a single monograph study covering the important intersection of popular music and disability. George McKay's Shakin' all over is a cross-disciplinary examination of the ways in which popular music performers have addressed disability: in their songs, in their live performances, and in various media presentations.
Modification of antigenic sites of polioviruses by host proteases
Oral poliovirus vaccination and pregnancy complications
Coordination of "operation mecacar" mass vaccination with oral poliovirus vaccine : meeting to mark World Health Day, 7 April 1995, Ankara 29-30 January 1995.
Guidelines for implementation of laboratory containment of wild poliovirus : laboratory survey and antional inventory, May 2000.
The molecular biology of poliovirus
The world health report 2003 : shaping the future
Aging with a disability
Molecular tools in support of the global polio eradication campaign
Shakin' all over : popular music and disability
Consultation on European regional plan for laboratory containment of wild polioviruses : report on a WHO meeting, Copenhagen, Denmark 13-14 December 1999.
Summary.
The inactivation of poliovirus, bacteriophage of E. Coli B and enteric bacteria in biological waste treatment systems : final report to National Science Foundation, Research Applied to National Needs
Subtalar arthrodesis in poliomyelitis : a clinical study on triple arthrodesis with and without simultaneous tendon transfer in 211 adult feet, including some cases of Lambrinudi's arthrodesis for drop-foot
European Advisory Group on the Expanded Programme on Immunization : report on the fourteenth meeting, London, United Kingdom 27-29 January 1998.
The sessions
Polio : an American story
The survival of type '2' poliovirus in a model system of stabilization ponds
Polio and its aftermath : the paralysis of culture
Interferon induction by viruses in cultured leukocytes from different individuals and children prone to respiratory infections
WHO global action plan for laboratory containment of wild polioviruses
Environmental surveillance of wild poliovirus circulation in Europe : report on a Joint WHO/NPHI Meeting, Helsinki, Finland, 5-6 April 1991.
Progress in polio eradication: vaccine strategies for the end game : Institut Pasteur, Paris, June 28-30, 2000 : proceedings of a symposium
Loss of protective immunity to polio, diphtheria and haemophilus influenzae type b after allogeneic bone marrow transplantation
Coordination of operation MECACAR : report on the fourth WHO Coordination Meeting, Rome, Italy 20-22 October 1997.
The progress of nations 2000.
Second international conference on live poliovirus vaccines, Washington, D.C., 6-10, June 1960 : papers presented and discussions held
Poliomyelitis in socio-cultural contex : study from province Punjab, Pakistan
Cellular biology, nucleic acids and viruses
The VP1 intracapsid hook and uncoating of enteroviruses
Poliovirus diversity : antigenic and genetic aspects
