http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10722 temporary labour
temporary labour
Building principles of equality in the Finnish temporary agency work sector  : How can the Finnish temporary agency work policies be developed to encourage fair and equal treatment of temporary agency employees?
Precarious Japan
Abstract.
Temporary agency work and globalisation : beyond flexibility and inequality
Working in Silicon Valley : economic and legal analysis of a high-velocity labor market
Working in Aviation
Labour market challenges and improving functioning of labour market : summary of the expert group report
Non-standard employment and health with respect to sense of coherence and social capital
Piecework bargaining
Temporary agency work in Finland : backgroung documentary on temporary agency work in Europe
"Guy Standing's immensely influential 2011 book introduced the Precariat as an emerging mass class, characterized by inequality and insecurity. Standing outlined the increasingly global nature of the Precariat as a social phenomenon, especially in the light of the social unrest characterized by the Occupy movements. He outlined the political risks they might pose, and at what might be done to diminish inequality and allow such workers to find a more stable labour identity. His concept and his conclusions have been widely taken up by thinkers from Noam Chomsky to Zygmunt Bauman, by political activists and by policy-makers.
This new book takes the debate a stage further-looking in more detail at the kind of progressive politics that might form the vision of a Good Society in which such inequality, and the instability it produces is reduced. A Precariat Charter discusses how rights - political, civil, social and economic - have been denied to the Precariat, and at the importance of redefining our social contract around notions of associational freedom, agency and the commons. The ecological imperative is also discussed - something that was only hinted at in Standing's original book but has been widely discussed in relation to the Precariat by theorists and activists alike"--
Career development possibilities through temporary recruitment  agencies : Case study
Migrants at work : immigration and vulnerability in labour law
Migration, precarity, and global governance : challenges and opportunities for labour
Neo-liberal policies and institutional changes have produced a huge and growing number of people with sufficiently common experiences to be called an emerging class. In this book Guy Standing introduces what he calls 'The Precariat' - a growing number of people across the world living and working precariously, usually in a series of short-term jobs, without recourse to stable occupational identities, stable social protection or protective regulations relevant to them. They include migrant workers, but also locals. Standing argues that this class of people could produce new instabilities in society. They are increasingly frustrated and dangerous because they have no voice, and hence they are vulnerable to the siren calls of extreme political parties. He outlines a new kind of good society, with more people actively involved in civil society and the precariat re-engaged. He goes on to consider one way to a new better society - an unconditional basic wage for everyone, contributed by the state, which could be topped up through employment. This is a topical, and a radical book, which will appeal to a broad market concerned by the increasing problems of job insecurity and civic disengagement.
A precariat charter : from denizens to citizens
Management and organization of temporary agency work
Flexible employment : the future of Britain's jobs
Global trends in flexible labour
Cultural differences in work practices in a multinational environment
The usage of temporary agencies' services by restaurant companies in Helsinki
Temporary employment and health
International perspectives on temporary agency work
Out of the shadows : managing self-employed agency and outsourced workers
Transnational labour regulation : a case study of temporary agency work
Notwithstanding the fact that seasonality has always been salient to the hospitality industry, and an issue that presents human resources challenges to managers, it has resulted in the increased use of temporary labour and outsourcing, which is evident in Finland today, in the rise in the number of agencies renting this just-in-time catering and restaurant workforce. This use, increases organizational flexibility, buffers the salient hourly, daily and monthly seasonality of the industry but more importantly introduces cost cutting measures. The fact remains however, that temporary workers are regarded as dispensable resources, for whom there may be little or no concern. Further, neither local nor international research has specifically represented the temps in this sector and their attitudes to work.  The concern of this study therefore is the job satisfaction of temporary workers in hospitality. It investigates the unique issues involved, and sets out to gain an understanding of how those issues contribute to the job satisfaction of temporary workers.  Because this study argued against the generic approach to researching job satisfaction, a unique framework was developed, which comprised of characteristics isolated from three sources, two separate studies carried out in hospitality and temporary work, and the job characteristics model. This was in order to facilitate an integration of the domains of the study and the issues represented.   The characteristics were used as open-ended questions in a focus group interview manned by a sample of 6 workers employed in the field.  Their feelings about how the issues identified contributed to their job satisfaction, constituted the raw data used in the study.  The data collected was then displayed in a matrix format for analysis where each participant represented a single unit of analysis or separate case.  A cross-case analysis of the data exposed two levels of conclusions. This analysis, added to the general consensus of the group, showed an association of the characteristics to job satisfaction, however, more importantly it showed support for Quarstein's situational occurrences theory. Further analysis exposed metathemes, which were considered of overall importance to the issue of job satisfaction. One such metathemes and the most significant finding was the emergence of the issue of supervisors and co-workers as central to the issue of the job satisfaction of the participants.   The Implications of these main issues for hospitality and human resources practitioners are grounded in the need for fresh approaches to flexibilization and in an understanding and restating of the importance of the temp in hospitality as a front-line customer service provider and valued worker. Attention to the issues identified should foster the development of organizational, departmental and political policy to the cause of the temporary worker.
Customer satisfaction study of staffing service X
Japan's underclass : day laborers and the homeless
The precariat : the new dangerous class
Dockers : the impact of industrial change
The good temp
Negotiating solidarity : collective actions for precarious migrant workers' rights in Sweden
Working in tourism : The UK, Europe & beyond : for seasonal and permanent staff
Flexibility in practice : women's employment and pay in retail and finance
Employment contracts, psychological contracts, and employee well-being : an international study
Wandering workers : mores, behavior, way of life, and political status of domestic Russian labor migrants
Contingent worker job satisfaction in hospitality : the case of agency workers in Finnish catering and restaurants
Managing the margins : gender, citizenship, and the international regulation of precarious employment
Job satisfaction and organisational commitment of hired workforce in restaurant X : - a case study
A labor leasing company's possibilities to succeed in leasing blue collars in the Oulu region : case : Eilakaisla
Retaining temporary and part time personnel in the restaurant sector
The traditional labour force is nowadays being partly replaced by a part-time work force. This means different kinds of employment contracts. The contract agreed between employer and employee may therefore not necessarily be a permanent one, in which an employee enjoys a regular monthly salary, paid seasonal vacations and pension. And whereas a lack of these common benefits may be shared among non-standard employment contracts, studies have shown this to be the reason why employers use temporary workforce.  The interest towards this research came from studying the statistical data and figures. The amount of temporary employees increased by 30 000 from 2001 to 2004. In the fall of 2006 some studies revealed that the public sector, at communal level, in Finland is also using temporary work force to a great extent. Some municipalities are almost entirely using temporary work force. In some communities it was as high as 94% of the work force that did not have permanent employment contracts.   The objective of the research was to find out how part-time employees perceive motivation factors, which are important to employees with permanent contracts. Also the voluntariness to work part-time was taken into a consideration in the report. A qualitative analysis was used in order to ascertain the results. The data was obtained by semi-structured interviews and then analysed with interpretational analysis. Writing the thesis started in May 2004 and it was finished in October 2006.   The results describe the part-time employees' perceptions towards the motivation factors as well as the matter of voluntariness and its importance. It became obvious that working part-time voluntarily and involuntarily should be considered as two diverse issues since the perception towards work varies depending on this matter.  Economical rewards as a motivation factor are important but according to the results job security is the most important factor.
How do part-time employees perceive permanent employees most important motivation factors
Contingent employment in Europe and the United States
As the relevance of human resources in organisations is widely acknowledged, job satisfaction and commitment are essential issues for managers to consider. Job satisfaction of the employees is important to improve performance. It is also beneficial for managers to retain the valuable employees in the company. Literature review covers our main topics-job satisfaction and organisational commitment. Also, labour turnover and retention will be discussed in theory due to their relevance to the main topics.  The main aim of this research is to pinpoint the elements of satisfaction and dissatisfaction of hired work force and to assess the level of their commitment to their work and restaurant X.   The empirical part of this thesis was of qualitative nature and was conducted by interviewing six hired employees of Restaurant X by asking open-ended questions with a semi-structured question basis. Interviews were conducted over a six-week period during November and December 2005. One of the authors is employed by Restaurant X so her observations were used as the secondary research method. The interview material was analysed by dividing data into categories and diving each category further based on the material. Finally, conclusions were made about the job satisfaction and commitment of the hired workforce of Restaurant X.  The research results suggest that the job satisfaction of the hired work force in restaurant X is fairly high. Main issues of job satisfaction were variety of work and a good social atmosphere. Issues that were causing dissatisfaction were to do with orientation and lack of clarity in tasks or positions.
Casual labour : the unemployment question in the port transport industry 1880-1970
