http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1075 employees
employees
Employee morale : driving performance in challenging times
Enhancement of one company induction by outlining induction process and content
The entrepreneurial linguist : the business-school approach to freelance translation
The existence and development of elderly human resources versus age discrimination
Coaching for innovation : tools and techniques for encouraging new ideas in the workplace
Employee involvement in companies under the European Company Statute
The drivers of employee engagement
Deontic rights in interaction : a conversation analytic study on authority and cooperation
THE SHADOW OF CULTURES ON CREATION OF NEW HIRE TRAINING MANUALS
Motivation factors enabling positive deviance at workplace
Abstract: The object of this bachelor's thesis was to study the prevalence of actualized protective measures in working with people with intellectual disabilities and challenging behavior as well as to clarify carers' views on protective measures and client participation, and whether there are possibilities for empowerment. The setting for the study was Kuusela, a department offering care, guidance and rehabilitation to adults with intellectual disabilities and challenging behavior. The theoretical framework for this study was based on values of the social field and the operating environment of Kuusela and how empowerment can be reached through participation and the right to subjectivity, self-determination, and dialog. Methods in acquiring the essential information were both qualitative and quantitative. Data on the prevalence of actualized protective measures was gathered through a documentary analysis. Data on carers' views on protective measures and client participation were gathered through a questionnaire consisting of a set of questions that were to be answered according to the Likert scale. The questionnaire also included two open-ended questions that required a written answer. The data were analysed according to qualitative content analysis. The results showed that the number of actualized protective measures had decreased from the year 2008 to 2010. Results on the carers' views showed that protective measures are needed and justified in their work. Although they seem conscious of the inhabitants' right to participatory working methods, it was not seen clearly in the everyday life. Obstacles in the implementation of this right were seen as being related to the inhabitants' shortcomings and the carers' attitudes and know-how. It can be concluded that continuous reflection on values and models of action is needed in order for the inhabitants' participation to be respected and implemented and for empowerment to be possible. The results showed that learning by living should be heightened through open professional discussions. The inhabitants' shortcomings should be dealt with in a professional manner and attitudes and knowledge on addressing these shortcomings should be dealt with through discussion and possibly through further training.
"Switch the lights off  : Employee argumentation on acceptance or rejection of corporate environmentalism in a financial corporation
Making sense of organizational learning : putting theory into practice
The new battle over workplace privacy : safe practices to minimize conflict, confusion, and litigation
Employee Motivation at Tommy Bartlett, Inc.
Building employee-brand commitment : Case Tekla Corporation
Handbook of social intervention
Human jobs and computer interfaces : proceedings of the IFIP WG 9.1 Working Conference on Human Jobs and Computer Interfaces Tampere, Finland, 26-28 June, 1991
Before it's too late : employee involvement... : an idea whose time has come
Summary in Finnish.
Workers' access to education : a worker's education guide
Companies don't succeed - people do! : ideas to create profits through people
Little is known about low-income earners in the Swedish-speaking community in Finland, and particularly how this ethno-linguistic group positioned itself as compared with the Finnish speakers during the severe economic recession in the 1990s. Relating to the ethno-linguistic English-speaking minority in Quebec, we set out to study whether also Swedish speakers experienced a worsening of their economic position. Using register data from 1987-1999, we find that they did not, but rather improved their relative situation as compared with the Finnish speakers, although they on average had a higher propensity for being low-income earners also after the recession. In contrast to the situation in Quebec, no unfavourable language acts or educational reforms were imposed on the Swedish speakers during the study period. We see the results as reflecting a well-functioning welfare state, in which language acts and constitutional rights have worked to protect both ethno-linguistic groups.
Stress at work : a sociological perspective
Reluctant entrepreneurs : the extent, achievements and significance of worker takeovers in Europe
Protective Measures in Working with People with Intellectual Disabilities : Carers' Views on Protective Measures and Client Participation
Work organisation and employee involvement in Europe : a report based on the fifth European working conditions survey
The third dimension of changes during FOB succession : psychological change
Employee compensation : case Nedecon
The ability of a business to engage in real organisational learning and to do so faster and in a more sustainable way than its competitors is being increasingly seen as an essential component of success. In Making Sense of Organisational Learning, Cyril Kirwan examines the wide range of factors necessary to create and sustain organisational learning and knowledge at all levels. At the individual level, the generation of continuous learning opportunities and reflection on experiences are critically important. At the team level, it's about encouraging collaboration, team learning and the sharing of knowledge. At the organisational level, the emphasis is on building systems to capture and share knowledge and providing strategic leadership for learning. The book shows you how you can best exploit the knowledge that already exists within your organisation while at the same time develop the capability of the people that work there. It deals in turn with individual learning; learning with others; learning in organisations; and in particular the role of the HR function and of line managers. Each chapter provides theoretical background and real-world examples. Diagnostic questionnaires, checklists and other tools are also included.Making Sense of Organisational Learning provides an evidence-based argument for the adoption of effective organisational learning policies and practices, and offers a real opportunity to improve performance. Thinking practitioners working in and around learning and development or organisation development will find it invaluable, as will those undertaking post-graduate study in HR and related disciplines.
The village labourer. Vol. 2
Training the active training way : 8 strategies to spark learning and change
The change in Chinese labour market
Leadership style : Impact on employee
English in internal company communication : the employees' views, attitudes and competences
Domestic labour relations in India : Vulnerability and gendered life courses in Jaipur
White collar and professional stress
Work Engagement of Kindergarten Teachers
Hiring success : the art and science of staffing assesment and employee selection
Staying well in an unstable world of work : prospective cohort study of the determinants of employee well-being
Measuring Employee Engagement in Hotels: Survey Effectiveness
Self-leadership of Skilled Manual Employees at Vip Juicemaker Oy
Corporations as criminals
Who's not working and why
Learning and education of older workers : lifelong learning at the margin
Reduced working hours : reshaping the duration, timing and tempo of work
Employee commitment to energy management : a qualitative interview study about employee commitment to energy management in industrial companies and public real estates
Business transfers and employee rights
The management of labor relations
Act on codetermination at work : an efficacy study
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of the psychology of coaching and mentoring
Employee Motivation at IKEA Espoo
How does employer branding increase employee retention?
Community of the future : challenges and new approaches to communtiy based social work and diaconia from the CABLE approach
Employee Attitude to Management Style : case: International equitable association Nigeria Limited.
Retaining top employees
Flexible outsourcing, profit sharing and equilibrium unemployment
Fundamental labour rights in China : legal implementation and cultural logic
Factors causing human resource turnover in software industry in Pakistan
Employment income and age : an analysis of employment income in Great Britain and the age income relationship
Meaningfulness as a driver for employee engagement : CSR perspective in a multinational company
Ownership change in employee-owned enterprises in Poland and Russia
The employment relationship : examining psychological and contextual perspectives
Organizational culture & employee behavior
Employee rights and industrial justice
Competence identification, assessment and development : case study: Merivaara Oy
Occupational well-being : the role of areas of worklife and achievement and social strategies
A kiss and a promise
Quality Control Guidelines for Managing Young Employees in Tourism : Case: S2S Travel Network
"In recent years, building a corporate online presence has become nonnegotiable for businesses, as consumers expect to connect with them in as many ways as possible. There are benefits to companies that use online technology, but there are risks as well. Managing Online Risk presents the tools and resources needed to better understand the security and reputational risks of online and digital activity, and how to mitigate those risks to minimize potential losses. Managing Online Risk highlights security and risk management best practices that address concerns such as data collection and storage, liability, recruitment, employee communications, compliance violations, security of devices (in contexts like mobile, apps, and cloud computing), and more. Additionally, this book offers a companion website that was developed in parallel with the book and includes the latest updates and resources for topics covered in the book"--
Organizational dissent and workplace freedom of speech : a qualitative study of young professional intra-urban migrant workers in Shanghai
Work among the elderly
"This book takes a look at the games industry from a gendered perspective and highlights the variety of ways in which women remain underrepresented in this industry"--Provided by publisher.
A study of the factors that attract job seekers to professional service firms : implications for employer branding
Graphic design business : entrepreneur's step-by-step startup guide
True proffessionalism : the courage to care about your people, your clients, and your career
Managing employee retention : a strategic accountability approach
Coaching for peak employee performance : a practical guide to supporting employee development
Company reconstruction and the status of the employees
The role of profit sharing in dual labour market with flexible outsourcing
Workers and incentives
Employee rewards in Zhejiang, China : Case study: Ningbo Zhonghao Silk Dress Co., Ltd.
Taking up one's worries : a handbook on early dialogues
Streetwise motivating & rewarding employees : new and better ways to inspire your people
Moved by relocation : professional identification in the decentralization of public sector jobs in Sweden
Abstract: The purpose of this study was to find out the factors of work engagement of kindergarten teachers and the elements of these factors. Work engagement is one part of work well-being. This final thesis was a qualitative study. The method for collecting data was theme interview, which is a qualitative study method. For this study I interviewed five kindergarten teachers. The data were analyzed by thematic analysis. As a theoretical framework I used work engagement, which is divided into three dimensions: vigor, dedication and absorption. Besides these three dimensions, I studied the factors of work engagement of kindergarten teachers from the perspective of job resources, job demands and personal resources. The results of the study contained information of the factors and elements of work engagement of kindergarten teachers that I was able to categorize into five different stages of work engagement: the core of the work, the organizing of work, the communication and management stage, the organizational stage and the personal stage. All of the three dimensions of work engagement clearly emerged from the data. The results of this study lead to a conclusion that the factors and elements of work engagement of kindergarten teachers are versatile. The results of this study might possibly be of help in strengthening the work engagement factors of kindergarten teachers as well as in recognizing the factors that can negatively influence the experience of work engagement of kindergarten teachers. People who are responsible for developing the field of early childhood education might benefit from the results of this study.
Essays on regional development and labor mobility in a knowledge-based economy
Neon Wasteland : on love, motherhood, and sex work in a rust belt town
Ethno-linguistic Groups during an Economic Recession: Low-income Earners in the 1990s' Finland
The economics of co-determination
Integration of foreign employees in German companies
Work engagement of kindergarten teachers
Equilibrium unemployment with outsourcing under labour market imperfections
Job satisfaction among employees of GS Engineering and Construction Corporation in Vietnam
Tales for change : using storytelling to develop people and organizations
The last train to Scarborough
Training Management Skills for First-line Managers : case: company X
Employee Motivation and Performance
Middle-level practitioner's role and empowerment in strategy process and implementation
People and productivity
Can corporate social responsibility (CSR) be recruited? : an insight to future employees' values and perceptions on attractive employers
Organizational commitment of temporary agency workers : case: Rekrytointipalvelu Sihti Oy
Protective measures in working with people with intellectual disabilities: carers' views on protective measures and client participation
Transport investment in railways to generate knowledge transfer from interfirm worker mobility
Supporting employee engagement with internal communication for high reliability
Creating retention in the Case Hotel
Rewired, rehired, or retired? : a global guide for the experienced worker
Experience of early exit : a comparative study of the reasons for and consequences of early retirement in Finland and Denmark in 1999-2000
Managing nuclear knowledge : strategies and human resource development : summary of an international conference organized by the International Atomic Energy Agency [...et al.] and held in Saclay, 7 - 10 September 2004.
The New Supervisor : Lead with Confidence
Hire with your head : a rational way to make a gut decision
The profession of social work : guided by history, led by evidence
Diaconal workers : alongsiders or dumpsters?
Developing a model of employee's performance management process for Tallinn hotel businesses
Trashed
In the shadow of organization
Improving the effectiveness of staff training in a hotel : case study: Hotel X
Work position, work autonomy and workplace mobility : the case of manual workers in small industrial firms in Finland
The forced redundancy film club
Employees Training and Development in Chinese State Owned Companies : Case:LQ Coal-Fired Power Plant
Influencing work engagement in global corporation environment
Labour law : management decisions and workers' rights
Economics of wage differentials and public sector labour markets
Gender divide and the computer game industry
The village labourer. Vol. 1
Youth and employment in modern Britain
The village labourer
Corporate Social Responsibility from Employ-ees’ Point of View in Radisson Blu Leeds: Training, Healthcare and Communication
Steps for Developing a Professional Career Homepage for Winning  Most Suitable Employees for RPC
Employee engagement : the importance of awareness and a way to boost engagement in complex and fast-changing business environment
Top workers' virtues and strengths
Are the healthier wealthier or the wealthier healthier? : the European evidence
Worker participation in occupational safety and health : a practical guide
Today's trend is to change workplace and employee turnover is a major managerial  issue in the hospitality industry. Retention can be managed and by creating a retention  strategy employers can lead employees to create goals that are reachable and retain job  interesting.  The aim of this thesis is to explore the main reasons which affects employee turnover  and to sort out the main reasons for high employee turnover in the Case Hotel. The  survey was sent to both current and former employees and the survey examined  employees satisfaction and motivation levels in the Case Hotel. Managerial actions are  taken into account in a deeper sense but also employees' possibilities to influence to  the retention are studied.  Employee turnover as a phenomenon is discussed, conclusions of the results in  improving Case Hotel's retention are presented and future research suggestions are  made. Results of the survey show that the Case Hotel is struggling most with new  employees onboarding and with employers managerial skills and the main reason for  people to leave the company is because of the employer. Employees who have left the  company did leave during the previous Front Office Manager but still managerial  actions haven't improved. Managerial skills have got fairly low ratings from both  former and current employees but also the employer has changed during employees  careers. Results shows that despite of the low ratings the Case Hotel has managed to  improve multiple factors that affect on retention. It is not examined in this thesis, but  maybe high employee turnover rates of the Case Hotel might be caused because of  employer turnover. And maybe that is caused by the supreme command of the  company.  This thesis won't give the ultimate solution for reducing employee turnover, but it  gives tips for the Case Hotel to make changes, create a retention strategy and start  retaining employees. The results and suggestions of improvements of this thesis can't  be generalized to the lodging industry.
Dual allegiance of workers to company and union
The trainer's handbook : the AMA guide to effective training
Employees' understanding of corporate responsibility and Kesko's CSR principles
Child workers today
The Role of Motivation in a Successful Internship
Starting your career as a freelance photographer
Strategic reward : making it happen : how organizations add value through reward
We all play games at work - but have you ever wondered how your identity becomes bound up with game playing? This book is about employees in the Higher Education workplace and it provides an interpretation of why people act the way they do at work as an expression of game playing. It offers an insight into how people try to adapt and fit in at work by looking at how value is attached to certain identities through the lens of class and gender. The figure of the 'chav', the 'emotional woman', 'The Grafter', and 'Mrs. Bucket', are explored in detail as representations of what kinds of people are permitted, or not, to fit in at work. These identities are topical, and may even be familiar to readers, but the author's analysis of them challenges why they exist, what function these identities serve at work, and who is able to deploy and inscribe them as part of the games people play at work.
The Effect of Trade Unionism on Workers : A Case Study on PAM
Essays on team cooperation and firm performance
Summary.
Involving employees in six sigma : case ABB Oy, drives and controls
Moral conflicts in a project course in information systems education
Basic human values in the workplace
Light their fire : using internal marketing to ignite employee performance and wow your customers
Aspects on freelancing
Work in the world : a teachers' guide to work issues
The complete guide to public employment
The art of winning commitment : 10 ways leaders can engage minds, hearts, and spirits
Strategic outsourcing, profit sharing and equilibrium unemployment
Employee Well-Being as Competitive Advantage
Employee commitment to CRM implementation : Case: Wärtsilä Ship Power
Building successful training programs : a step-by-step guide
Creating an employee satisfaction survey process : case : Cargotec
Abstract: The purpose of the thesis was to identify if there are less known factors affecting employees' willingness to adopt a new IM tool, in this case CRM. It is obvious the tool itself can always be improved but it may not explain all the reluctance usually involved in adoption of such IM implementations. This thesis researched the problem in a technology company Wärtsilä Corporation focusing on Ship Power business. It is quite common that the implementation of CRM fails, which is confirmed by numerous examples in CRM literature. CRM is a change management project and therefore both change management and internal marketing were investigated as a part of the research. First 5 in-depth interviews were conducted in Ship Power to be able to define which elements seem to discourage the adoption of CRM most. The interviews gave ideas how quantitative research questions could be phrased concerning technology, processes and leadership. E-questionnaire was sent to 76 respondents based on stratified sample. 46 responses were received. The results revealed that despite recognizing CRM a good tool in Wärtsilä Ship Power there are still some developments to be made on technology. Managers' commitment seems to be on a good level, but there are still some defects in the leadership, which should be tackled. It is evident that employee commitment is a significant factor for successful CRM implementation. Mere technology, however advanced it is, cannot guarantee the success. Consequently affective commitment to change of the employees is worth of pursuing.
Quality control guidelines for managing young employees in tourism : Case: S2S Travel Network
The futures window : a medium for presenting visual weak signals to trigger employees' futures thinking in organizations
Designing performance appraisal systems : aligning appraisals and organizational realities
The impact of change on employees' motivation
Examining the “Dark Side” – The Importance of the Back of House
Employee training and development
Organizational Justice During Strategic Change : The Employee's Perspective
Knowledge sharing between generations in an organisation : retention of the old or building the new?
The significance of perceived development opportunities in the context of retention : comparing ageing and younger nurses
The Problem of Staff Retention - Officers' Retention in The Salvation Army
Employee-driven innovation : the manager's guide to EDI
Equine Assisted Activities in Finland : The current situation from the point of view of the people working in the field
Jyväskylän yliopiston vuosi 2015 = University of Jyväskylä 2015
Engagement of employees to internal service development : Case: Development of the contract management tool
Motivate and reward : performance appraisal and incentive systems for business success
The economics of workers' management : a Yugoslav case study
We analyze the following questions associated with flexible outsourcing with committed profit sharing under partly imperfect dual domestic labour markets, where high skilled workers participate on firm's profit via profit sharing: How does the implementation of profit sharing influence flexible outsourcing? What is the relationship between outsourcing cost, profit sharing and wages? We show that profit sharing has a positive effect on low skilled wage and thus an outsourcing enhancing character. The wages of both types of labour are negatively correlated and we show that lower outsourcing cost can increase the wage dispersion by decreasing the low skilled wage and raising the high skilled wage.The overall effect of profit sharing on high skilled wage is ambiguous due to a positive direct effect and a negative indirectly effect via the low skilled wage.
The Television Handbook is a critical introduction to the practice and theory of television. The book examines the state of television today, explains how television is made and how production is organised, and discusses how critical thinking about programmes and genres can illuminate their meanings. This book also explores how developments in technology and the changing structure of the television industry will lead the medium in new directions. The Television Handbook gives practical advice on many aspects of programme making, from an initial programme idea through to shooting and the post-p.
Ameba, Chameleon or Spider in the net  : About the role and status of Youth Work and youth workers in the different network processes
Work demands and resources, stress regulation and quality of pedagogical work among professionals in Finnish early childhood education setting
Creating an employee satisfaction survey process : Case: CARGOTEC
Employee participation in Sweden: union paradise and employer hell or-?
Managing knowledge work and innovation
Contemporary security management
The Television Handbook
Black labor and the American legal system. 1, Race, work, and the law
Talking through : clarification and problem-solving in professional work
Investment services in Sampo Bank Oyj Pieksämäki branch
The Blackpool highflyer : a novel of sabotage, suspicion and steam
TRADE UNIONISM AND WORKERS PROTECTION IN FINLAND : A  Case Study of PAM (PALVELUALOJEN AMMATTILITTO PAM ry)
Social media in employer brand communication: Focus on SMEs in Finland. Case study: Smarp Oy
Employee orientation guidebook for café's
Managing burnout in the workplace : a guide for information professionals
The development and testing of an employee engagement survey for use within Finnish Organisations
Handbook of training and development
Managing online risk : apps, mobile, and social media security
Global productions : labor in the making of the "information society"
Personal development in the information and library profession
Motivation of Knowledge Workers in Chinese Small and Medium-sized High-tech Enterprises
Work in care for the elderly : combining theories of job design, stress, information processing and organizational cultures
Social games and identity in the higher education workplace : playing with gender, class and emotion
Rights at work : employment relations in the post-union era
The situation of  workers of the occupied Arab territories : report of the Director-General
Labor and manpower economics
Human resource management
Factors underlying the effect of organisational downsizing on health of employees : longitudinal cohort study
Physical capacity and workload among ageing workers
Recruiting, interviewing, selecting & orienting new employees
Orientation for new employees : case: Kaupthing Bank Oyj
Job Satisfaction and Efficiency Among Hotel Workers : A Case Study Giant Star Hotel Nigeria
Compensation management and Employees’ Performance in Public Sector, Nigeria
The power of empowerement : release the hidden talents of your employees
"Doing inspires".
Equilibrium unemployment with outsourcing and wage solidarity under labour market imperfections
Achieving growth by attracting customers for Nordea Hämeenkyrö-Kyröskoski
Employee Engagement in Hotel X & Y
Face it : recognizing and conquering the hidden fear that drives all conflict at work
Education and longer working lives : a longitudinal study on education differences in the late exit from working life of older employees in Finland
