http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10737 courage
courage
Brave squish rabbit
King Jack and the dragon
Mandela's way : fifteen lessons on life, love, and courage
Inkheart
Little polar bear and the brave little hare
Inkdeath
Take a deep breath
Terry Perkins and his upside down frown
The happy rag
The mostly true story of Jack
This is a story of a daddy bear and a baby bear, on a day that's as hot as hot can be. When Dad Bear says, "I think a pair of hot bears is probably the hottest thing in the world," Little Bear suggests that they go all the way to the river to cool down. But what will happen when Little Bear tries to impress his dad by doing a big jump across the rocks? Told from the perspective of Little Bear and capturing his determination to be big and brave just like his dad, the youngest of readers will rejoice in the charcterisation and the fitting illustrations.
Kevin Henkes's Sheila Rae, the brave : a sing-along adventure in reading
The truth will out
Mannie and the long brave day
Danny Dreadnought saves the world
Can we organize courage? Implications of Foucault's parrhesia
War horse
The valor of male and female warriors around the world : case studies from history
Max the brave
Hiccup : the Viking who was seasick
The tornado chasers
Bridget and the gray wolves
Tiberius and the friendly dragon
Lucy Goosey
Babar's battle
Twilight : the graphic novel. Volume 2
Rubyheart
The lion king
Beaten by a balloon
The crow's tale : a Lenni Lenape native American legend
The society of timid souls, or, how to be brave
Brave little penguin
Georgia has always lived life on the sidelines: uncomfortable with her weight, awkward, never been kissed, terrified of failing. Then her mom dies and her world is turned upside down. But instead of getting lost in her pain, she decides to enjoy life while she still can by truly living for the first time. She makes a list of ways to be brave--all the things she's always wanted to do but has been too afraid to try: learn to draw, try out for cheerleading, cut class, ask him out, kiss him, see what happens from there"--Dust jacket flap. / WorldCat.
Mighty Small
Scaredy Cat and Boo
Why do I feel scared? : a first look at being brave
The psychology of courage : modern research on an ancient virtue
Hamilton's hats
Natural born heroes : how a daring band of misfits mastered the lost secrets of strength and endurance
Snakes and ladders
Daring greatly : how the courage to be vulnerable transforms the way we live, love, parent and lead
Ozma of Oz
Last breathe : cautionary tales from the limits of human endurance
The wizard of Oz
Set in war-torn Kabul, a harrowing yet tender novel--think "Bend It Like Beckham" in a burka--about one woman's courage and guile in the face of terror and tyranny.
Daredevil Duck
Wolfie : the bunny
Carancal, ang bayaning isang dangkal = Carancal, the tiny hero
"An unlikely teenager risks all to expose the truth about a heralded moon landing. What if the football hadn't gone over the wall. On the other side of the wall there is a dark secret. And the devil. And the Moon Man. And the Motherland doesn't want anyone to know. But Standish Treadwell--who has different-colored eyes, who can't read, can't write, Standish Treadwell isn't bright--sees things differently than the rest of the "train-track thinkers." So when Standish and his only friend and neighbor, Hector, make their way to the other side of the wall, they see what the Motherland has been hiding. And it's big."--Dust jacket.
The value of courage
Mouseheart
Forgiveness and other acts of love
Ghost knight
Frida Kahlo and the bravest girl in the world
Daring greatly : how the courage to be vulnerable transforms the way we live, love, parent, and lead
The one and only Ivan
Breaking the fear barrier : how fear destroys companies from the inside out and what to do about it
Lionheart
The Rise : creativity, the gift of failure, and the search for mastery
Blodin the beast
The wonderful wizard of Oz
The storm whale in winter
Chickens cant see in the dark
Adelaide's secret world
Free four : Tobias tells the Divergent knife-throwing scene
Brave : the essential guide
A thick white blanket covers the wide slopes of the band of hills known as the Razorback Downs. Podkin One-Ear is a legend: a fearsome warrior rabbit whose reputation for cunning and triumph in battle has travelled the ages. When a travelling bard arrives at Thornwood Warren on Midwinter night, he is warmly welcomed. In return for food and lodging, he settles down to tell the tale of Podkin One-Ear - and soon the rabbits are enthralled to hear the story of how one lost little rabbit overcame the cruellest enemy imaginable, and became the greatest warrior their land has ever known.
A brave bear
How to be brave
Coraline & other stories
Charlotte and the wolves
Dream dancer
The courage to be creative : how to believe in yourself, your dreams and ideas and your creative career path
Rejection proof : how to beat fear and become invincible
The great cheese robbery
Keys to the demon prison
Best-loved children's stories
Fizz the fire engine!
Scruffy bear and the six white mice
The lion inside
Oliver who was small but mighty
"From the worldwide bestselling author of Eat Pray Love: the path to the vibrant, fulfilling life you've dreamed of.  Readers of all ages and walks of life have drawn inspiration and empowerment from Elizabeth Gilbert's books for years. Now this beloved author digs deep into her own generative process to share her wisdom and unique perspective about creativity. With profound empathy and radiant generosity, she offers potent insights into the mysterious nature of inspiration. She asks us to embrace our curiosity and let go of needless suffering. She shows us how to tackle what we most love, and how to face down what we most fear. She discusses the attitudes, approaches, and habits we need in order to live our most creative lives. Balancing between soulful spirituality and cheerful pragmatism, Gilbert encourages us to uncover the "strange jewels" that are hidden within each of us. Whether we are looking to write a book, make art, find new ways to address challenges in our work,  embark on a dream long deferred, or simply infuse our everyday lives with more mindfulness and passion, Big Magic cracks open a world of wonder and joy"-- Provided by publisher
Podkin One-Ear
Elijah of Buxton
Chin up, Charlie : be brave
Diary of a Wimpy Kid : the third wheel
The sea-thing child
A medal for Poppy : the pluckiest pig in the world
New moon
Good luck baby owls
Big magic : creative living beyond fear
Dream big : [starring Olivia]
Staring at the sun
The Taliban cricket club
Small Knight and George
The wonderful Wizard of Oz
Examines human courage and cowardice in combat in many parts of the world. This book provides an introduction to an essential attribute of humanity - the quest for self-respect and the respect of others.
