http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10742 preliminary investigation
preliminary investigation
Internet crimes, torts, and scams : investigation and remedies
Criminal investigation : motivation, emotion and cognition in the processing of evidence
Butterworths police law
Development and policy use of criminal justice information : proceedings of the Beijing seminar 12-16 September 1994
Above suspicion. [2], Red Dahlia
Lucifer's tears
The Crime Museum uncovered : inside Scotland Yard's special collection
Computer forensics and cyber crime : an introduction
The torture memos : rationalizing the unthinkable
Quality of guilty knowledge test items affects test efficiency in realistic mock crimes
Criminal procedure. 3, Sections 23.1 to end, tables-index
Silent witnesses : a history of forensic science
Investigative interviewing : psychology and practice
Investigations in the workplace
Handbook of forensic science
Human rights and pre-trial detention : a handbook of international standards relating to pre-trial detention
Undercover : police surveillance in America
Murders of the Black Museum 1875-1975 : the dark secrets behind more than a hundred years of the most notorious crimes in England
Chemical criminalistics
Crime scene : the ultimate guide to forensic science
A beautiful model's death uncovers an ugly conspiracy stretching all the way to Westminster in Rosie Gilmour's darkest case to date. When rags-to-riches Scots supermodel Bella Mason plunges to her death from the roof of a glitzy Madrid hotel, everyone assumes it was suicide. Except that one person saw exactly what happened to Bella that night, and she definitely didn't jump. But Millie Chambers has no one she can tell - alcoholic, depressed herself and now sectioned by her bullying politician husband, who would believe her? And that's not all Millie knows. Being close to the heart of Westminster power can lead to discovering some awful secrets... Back in Glasgow, Rosie's research into Bella's life leads to her brother, separated from her in care years before. Dan is now a homeless heroin addict and rent boy, but what he reveals about Bella's early life is electrifying: organised sexual abuse in care homes across Glasgow. Bella had tracked him down so that they could tell the world their story. And now she's dead. As Rosie's drive to expose the truth leads her closer to Millie and the shameful secrets she has kept for so many years, it becomes clear that what she's about to discover could prove fatal: a web of sexual abuse linking powerful figures across the nation, and the rot at the very heart of the British Establishment...
This handbook provides an authoritative map of the landscape of forensic science within the criminal justice system of the UK. It sets out the features of the subject, covering the disciplinary, technological, organizational and legislative resources that are brought together to make up contemporary forensic science practice.
The language of confession, interrogation, and deception
Above suspicion. [1], The case of the copycat killer
On the witness stand : controversies in the courtroom
Cross-examination : science and techniques
Human rights in the investigation and prosecution of crime
Unmixing methods in novel applications of spectral imaging
Criminal investigation : a practical textbook for magistrates, police officers and lawyers
Son of no one
Investigation report on the capsizing of the pusher vessel Finn and the barge Baltic off Hanko on 27. December 1990 : abridged version
Computer applications for handling legal evidence, police investigation and case argumentation. Volume 2
Preserve the dead
Sex and international tribunals : the erasure of gender from the war narrative
Criminal investigation and identification
The brass verdict
Handbook of the psychology of interviewing
Criminal procedure. 2, Sections 11.1 to 22.3
Forensic testimony : science, law and expert evidence
On Bayesian predictive modeling : with applications on the analysis of chromatography data in forensic investigations
Gesamtkonzept f체r eine Europ채ische Strafrechtspflege = A Programme for European Criminal Justice
Criminal procedure. 1, Sections 1.1 to 10.6
Digital archaeology : the art and science of digital forensics
The story of Scotland Yard : a history of the C.I.D. from earliest times to the present day
Forensics for dummies
Leading constitutional cases on criminal justice
Children and cross-examination : time to change the rules?
The Internet police : how crime went online and the cops followed
Eyewitness identification : a system handbook
Entry, search and seizure : a guide to civil and criminal powers of entry
A madness so discreet
Helter Skelter : the true story of the Manson murders
Criminal procedure : cases and comments
Official referees' practice and procedure : an offprint of Atkin's court forms
A tremor in the blood : uses and abuses of the lie detector
Criminology in Estonia : research and teaching in a historical perspective
Hungarian-Finnish penal law seminary on petty offences : 5-8 September, 1983, Budapest
White heat
Forensic taphonomy : the postmortem fate of human remains
Techniques of crime scene investigation
The police : powers, procedures and proprieties
Terrorism : an investigator's handbook
Naming Jack the Ripper : new crime scene evidence, a stunning forensic breakthrough, the killer revealed
Forensics : the anatomy of crime
International perspectives on child abuse and children's testimony : psychological research and law
The art of investigative interviewing / : Charles L. Yeschke and Inge Sebyan Black
Criminal warrants
Forensics : crime scene investigations from murder to global terrorism
Forensic science : a beginner's guide
Social inquiry reports : a framework for practice development
The transformation of human rights fact-finding
The scientific investigation of crime
Understanding criminal investigation
A sexual sadist, he took pleasure in torture and murder. His first victims were a teenage couple, stalked and shot dead in a lovers' lane. After another slaying, he sent his first mocking note to authorities, promising he would kill more. The official tally of his victims was six. He claimed thirty-seven dead. The real toll may have reached fifty.  Robert Graysmith was on staff at the The San Francisco Chronicle in 1968 when Zodiac first struck, triggering in the resolute reporter an unrelenting obsession with seeing the hooded killer brought to justice. In this gripping account of Zodiac's eleven-month reign of terror, Graysmith reveals hundreds of facts previously unreleased, including the complete text of the killer's letters.
Studies of satellite-based tracking systems for improving law enforcement : comprising investigation data, digital evidence and monitoring of legality
On being heard in court trials and policy interrogations : a study of discourse in two institutional contexts
The due process of law
Issues in security management : thinking critically about security
Computer applications for handling legal evidence, police investigation and case argumentation. Volume 1
Exclusionary injustice : The problem of illegally obtained evidence
The United Nations and juvenile justice : a guide to international standards and best practice
Pre-trial and pre-hearing procedures worldwide
Forensic analysis on the cutting edge : new methods for trace evidence analysis
Forensic identification and criminal justice : forensic science, justice, and risk
Drug determination in therapeutic and forensic contexts
CSI : NY. Four Walls
Acts of the assassins
Criminal procedure in Scotland : cases & materials
Above suspicion. [2], The Red Dahlia
The case for the prosecution
Kill me twice
The double silence
Victorian CSI
Near the turn of the nineteenth century, Dr. Thornhollow helps teenaged Grace Mae escape from the Boston asylum where she was sent after becoming pregnant by rape, and takes her to Ohio where they put her intelligence and remarkable memory to use in trying to catch murderers / Library of Congress.
Coercive Criminal Investigation Means Act, Pre-Trial Investigation Act, Remand Imprisonment Act
The triggering procedure of the International Criminal Court
Investigating computer-related crime
The complete Jack the Ripper
Forensic psychology for dummies
Irrefutable evidence : adventures in the history of forensic science
The suspect - ep채ilty
Computer hacking
Time of death
Conclusion (s. 281-297).
Suspects in Europe : procedural rights at the investigative stage of the criminal process in the European Union
The art of political murder : who killed Bishop Gerardi?
The polygraph test : lies, truth and science
Detecting lies about past and future actions : the strategic use of evidence (SUE) technique and suspects' strategies
A pack of lies : towards a sociology of lying
An EU-wide letter of rights : towards best practice
Get the truth : former CIA officers teach you how to persuade anyone to tell all
The police and criminal evidence act 1984
The modern law of estoppel
Should we now believe the Warren report?
Forensic science
Financial crime investigation and control
Proceedings of The first world conference on new trends in criminal investigation and evidence : The Hague, The Netherlands, December 1-5, 1995
Untersuchungshaft und Untersuchungshaftvollzug : international vergleichende Perspektiven zur Untersuchungshaft sowie zu den Rechten und Lebensbedingungen von Untersuchungsgefangenen = Waiting for trial : international perspectives on the use of pre-trial detention and the rights and living conditons of prisoners waiting for trial
Psychology of interrogations, confessions and testimony
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
The word of a woman? : police, rape and belief
Protection of assets : investigation
Police for the future
The investigation of crime : a guide to police powers
Application of Bayesian inference in forensic statistics
Teknisen rikostutkinnan vuosisata : valokuvia matkan varrelta = Hundra 책r av teknisk brottsutredning : en fotografisk resa = Hundred years of forensic investigation : a photographic journey
Above suspicion. 1-3
Eliciting admissions from suspects in criminal investigations
