http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10790 sea rescue
sea rescue
Model course. 3.13, Maritime search and rescue administration
The practice of ocean rescue
Submarines & deep-sea vehicles
Model course 3.13 : Maritime search and rescue administration
Polar law textbook 2
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 2004 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 2004
IAMSAR manual : International aeronautical and maritime search and rescue manual. Vol. 2, Mission co-ordination
Model course 3.05 : survey for fire appliances and provisions
Britain's Life-boats : the story of a century of heroic service
Summer's child
Suomen rannikon loistot 2007 = Fyrar vid Finlands kuster = Finnish list of lights
Suomen rannikon loistot = Fyrar vid Finlands kuster = Finnish List of Lights : 2005.
IAMSAR Manual : International aeronautical and maritime search and rescue manual : volume 1 : organization and management
Model course 3.06 ; Survey of life-saving appliances and arrangements
The art of living under water / : originally written in Swedish in 1734 by Mårten Triewald and now translated into English, together with the Use of the art of living under water (1741), by C.J.L. Croft, Lars Gustafsson and Michael Kahan ; with a life of the author, based on an essay by the late Captain Bo Cassel (Royal Swedish Navy) and an introduction & commentary by Michael Fardell and Nigel Phillips
Model course. 3.13, SAR administration (IAMSAR manual, volume I)
Law of tug and tow
IAMSAR Manual : International aeronautical and maritime search and rescue manual. Vol. 3. Mobile facilities
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 2005 = Finnish illustrated list of ships
One dog at a time : saving the strays of Afghanistan
IAMSAR manual  : International aeronautical and maritime search and rescue manual. Vol. 1, Organization and management
An influential guide to maritime emergencies and the current strategies that can be employed to cope with the immediate after effects and ramifications of disaster at sea. Many mariners will at some point in their maritime careers become involved in one sort of emergency or another, while in port or at sea, whether it is a fire on board, a collision with another vessel or an engine failure threatening a lee shore. Actions to take in such incidents can be the difference between survival and catastrophic loss.This text provides a direct insight into some of the latest incidents and includes: cas
Suomen rannikon loistot 2010 = Fyrar vid Finlands kuster 2010 = Finnish list of lights 2010.
The story of the Dover lifeboats : Dover lifeboat "City of London II"
Geographical information systems supporting maritime search and rescue planning : evaluating voluntary emergency response in the Gulf of Finland
The romance of lighthouses & lifeboats
The Yachtman's emergency handbook : the complete survival manual
Model course 3.14 : compendium for maritime search and rescue : mission co-ordinator
Salvage from the sea
A guide to the collision avoidance rules : international regulations for preventing collisions at sea
NOLS sea kayaking instructor notebook
Low prices sometimes incompatible with sip safety
IAMSAR manual : International aeronautical and maritime search and rescue manual. Vol 2, Mission co-ordination
Kennedy and Rose the law of salvage
Research publication 2012
IAMSAR Manual : International aeronautical and maritime search and rescue manual : volume 2 : mission co-ordination
The Naval handbook for survivors
Voluntary sea rescuers increasingly in demand
Modern motor-lifeboats : of the Royal National Lifeboat Institution
Report of the XIIth International life-boat conference Helsinki June 2-5, 1975
Places of refuge and environmental liability and compensation in the EU : an update
The Finnish Lifeboat Society updates its training system
IAMSAR Manual : International aeronautical and maritime search and rescue manual. Vol 1. Mission Co-ordination
Helicopter operations at sea  : a guide for industry
IAMSAR manual : International aeronautical and maritime search and rescue manual. Vol. 1, Organization and management
World markets open up for Finnish safety equipment
Model course 3.14 : maritime search and rescue : mission co-ordinator
The international maritime organization. 2, Accidents at sea
International Conference on Salvage (1989) : Final Act of the conference and Convention on Salvage
IAMSAR Manual : International aeronautical and maritime search and rescue manual. Vol. 3. Organization and management
Best endeavours : inside the world of marine salvage
Volunteers on emergency standout around the clock
Robert Ludlum's the Bourne imperative : a new Jason Bourne novel
Maritime safety the Estonian way
Survival at sea ; the lifeboat and liferaft
The law of towage
Survival training at Meriturva : being on the safe side
Marine survival and rescue systems
IAMSAR Manual : International aeronautical and maritime search and rescue manual. Vol. 1. Organization and management
Kennedy and Rose law of salvage
A pocket guide for cold water survival
Rescue at sea : an international history of lifesaving, coastal rescue craft and organisations
Disaster at sea
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 2003 = Finnish illustrated list of ships 2003
Titanic hero : the autobiography of captain Rostron of the Carpathia
IAMSAR manual : International aeronautical and maritime search and rescue manual. Vol. 3, Mobile facilities
Turku establishes a safety training programme
Salvage operations. Volume 2
SAR Convention : International convention on maritime search and rescue, 1979 IMO-B955E
Maritime search and rescue on the Eastern Gulf of Finland a study for City of Kotka : report
The Finnish Lifeboat Society : on continuous stand-by
Proficiency in survival craft certificates
Haroun and the sea of stories ; Luka and the fire of life
The international maritime organization. 1, International shipping rules
Model course 1.19 : proficiency in personal survival techniques
Ms Superfast VIII, fall of an MOB boat to the sea in a drill in Hanko West Port on 9.11.2004 ; Ms Superfast VII, grounding off Hanko on 12.11.2004
A girl aboard the Titanic : the remarkable memoir of Eva Hart, a 7-year-old survivor of the Tintanic disaster
The lifeboat
Salvage and the environment
Salvage operations. Volume 1
Marine emergencies : for masters and mates
Life-saving appliances : including LSA Code
Brice on maritime law of salvage
The finest hours
Who can a seaman rely upon
