http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10733 street children
street children
Oliver Twist, or, the parish boy's progress
The handbook of children's rights : comparative policy and practice
The baby abandoned on the doorstep is a phenomenon that has virtually disappeared from our experience, but in the early modern world, unwanted children were a very real problem for parents, government officials, and society. The "Unwanted Child" skillfully recreates sixteenth-century Nuremberg to explore what befell abandoned, neglected, abused, or delinquent children in this critical period. Joel F. Harrington tackles this question by focusing on the stories of five individuals. In vivid and poignant detail, he recounts the experiences of an unmarried mother-to-be, a roaming mercenary who drifts in and out of his children's lives, a civic leader handling the government's response to problems arising from unwanted children, a homeless teenager turned prolific thief, and orphaned twins who enter state care at the age of nine. Braiding together these compelling portraits, Harrington uncovers and analyzes the key elements that link them, including the impact of war and the vital importance of informal networks among women. From the harrowing to the inspiring, "The Unwanted Child" paints a gripping picture of life on the streets five centuries ago.
Dead tomorrow
Understanding street children : an ethnographic study of relationships maintained by a group of street girls in Nairobi, Kenya
Joined-up youth research, policy and practice : a new agenda for change?
At home in the street : street children of Northeast Brazil
Going straight
'I want to create my own space' : a time-geographic analysis of the lives of children and young people on the streets of Pelotas, Brazil
A future for the children : evaluation research from Calcutta
The girl with no name : the incredible true story of a child raised by monkeys
The glass collector
Lottery boy
Working with street children : gender dimension of intervention and approaches. Case study of outreach program in Dar es Salaam Tanzania
The nonsuch king
The state of the world's children 2006 : excluded and invisible
Street children as a political process in Ghana
Domestic violence as a risk factor for becoming a street child in post war south Sudan
Youth gangs and street children : culture, nurture and masculinity in Ethiopia
Excerpt from Learning from Families  on the Edge : Case Studies on Families of Street Children in South and Southeast Asia
The street kids
Children first : the story of UNICEF, past and present
Children at work : child labor practices in Africa
Working with street children : an approach explored
Generation in jeopardy : children in Central and Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union
Program for social education : evaluation report of the project in Rio de Janeiro
Chronicler of the winds
The cultural construction of gender and care on the street
Caso de los "niños de la calle" (caso Villagrán Morales y otros) : reparaciones (art. 63.1 de la Convención Americana sobre Derechos Humanos) : sentencia de 26 de mayo de 2001 = The "street children" case (Villagrán Morales et al. case) : reparations (art. 63(1) of the American Convention on Human Rights) : judgment of May 26, 2001
And now my soul is hardened : abandoned children in Soviet Russia, 1918-1930
Childhood : critical concepts in sociology. Volume 1
Ulivar Twist ; Oliver Twist
Trash
The unwanted child : the fate of foundlings, orphans, and juvenile criminals in early modern Germany
Containing the poor : the Mexico City Poor House, 1774-1871
The thief lord
Street children and services : a qualitative study of street children in the context of service delivery system in Bangladesh
Growing big in the streets : Lusaka's street youths' voices of poverty in the streets
Child in the street : project
Services and street children : a study of street children in Bangladesh
We and the street children
El Niño : children of the streets, Mexico City = Niños de la calle, Ciudad de México
Changing the world : one heart at a time
Twisted Symmetry
Empowering children : programme abstracts, participant list
Living next door to the god of love
Avenue of mysteries
Oliver Twist
Street children and multicultural education in Kathmandu, Nepal
If I had the chance ... : artwork from the streets of Asia and the Pacific
Challenges facing AIDS orphans in Nairobi Kibera slums : descriptive study
The black echo
Children constitute a large part of the population of developing countries. Throughout the developing world, experiences of childhood are extremely diverse, both between places and between children in particular places, from the international level through to the different treatment of a boy and a girl within the same household. This informative book considers issues such as education, child labour, street children, child soldiers, refugees, child slaves, the impact of environmental change and hazards on children and the way that children, with the enthusiasm and energy to bring about change, can be enabled to participate in 'development'.
Lila, homeless and alone after years of roaming the countryside, steps inside a small-town Iowa church -- the only available shelter from the rain -- and ignites a romance and a debate that will reshape her life. She becomes the wife of a minister, John Ames, and begins a new existence while trying to make sense of the days of suffering that preceded her newfound security. Neglected as a toddler, Lila was rescued by Doll, a canny young drifter, and brought up by her in a hardscrabble childhood. Together they crafted a life on the run, living hand-to-mouth with nothing but their sisterly bond and a ragged blade to protect them. But despite bouts of petty violence and moments of desperation, their shared life is laced with moments of joy and love. When Lila arrives in Gilead, she struggles to harmonize the life of her makeshift family and their days of hardship with the gentle Christian worldview of her husband that paradoxically judges those she loves.
Makers & breakers : children & youth in postcolonial Africa
Working with street children in Sub-Saharan Africa in the light of the child-centred perspective : promising methods and approaches with special reference to the example street children project in Zambia
Child welfare : major themes in health and social welfare. Volume 3 : Child placement and children away from home
International children's rights
The walled city
Russia's abandoned children : an intimate understanding
From street to hope : faith based and secular programs in Los Angeles, Mumbai, and Nairobi for street living children
The tesseract
They do not really care about us! : the street children phenomenon in Sri Lanka
Addressing socio-cultural animation as community based social work with street children in Maputo, Mozambique
Children, youth, and development
Abandoned children
The social and health care study of street children at IPEK, Calcutta
Childhood : critical concepts in sociology. Volume 2
The human condition : photojournalism 95.
At the margins : street children in Asia and the Pacific
The trouble with goats and sheep
Working with street children : selected case studies from Africa, Asia and Latin America
Dreamveil : a novel of the Kyndred
