http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10743 interrogation
interrogation
Security manual
Eliciting human intelligence : a conceptualization and empirical testing of the Scharff-technique
Gender-related terms in English depositions, examinations and journals, 1670-1720
The Gestapo : the myth and reality of Hitler's secret police
Abstract.
Authority
Deception detection : moderating factors and accuracy
Protection of assets : investigation
Gone tomorrow
Swedish summary.
Interrogating to detect deception and truth : effects of strategic use of evidence
Backed by the system : abuse and torture at the Shikma Interrogation Facility
Psychology of interrogations, confessions and testimony
Investigations in the workplace
Children and cross-examination : time to change the rules?
European right to confrontation in criminal proceedings : absent, anonymous and vulnerable witnesses
Interrogation in war and conflict : a comparative and interdisciplinary analysis
Witchcraft, gender, and society in early modern Germany
Cross-examination in criminal trials
Forensic psychology for dummies
Cross-examination : science and techniques
The art of investigative interviewing / : Charles L. Yeschke and Inge Sebyan Black
Handbook of the psychology of interviewing
Forensic linguistics : an introduction to language, crime and the law
Dialogue interpreting : special issue
Gulag voices : an anthology
Eliciting admissions from suspects in criminal investigations
Your fathers, where are they? And the prophets, do they live forever? : a novel
The language of confession, interrogation, and deception
Detecting lies about past and future actions : the strategic use of evidence (SUE) technique and suspects' strategies
Competence in intensive and critical care nursing : development of a basic assessment scale for graduating nursing students
Police interviews with victims and suspects of violent and sexual crimes : interviewees' experiences and interview outcomes
The word of a woman? : police, rape and belief
The Breaker
The prisoner - saarroksissa
Power talk : language and interaction in institutional discourse
Get the truth : former CIA officers teach you how to persuade anyone to tell all
"Getting someone to tell the truth is an essential skill that very few people possess. In the boardroom, classroom, or our own homes, every day we interact with others and try to get the truth from them. People are often untruthful out of fear of negative consequences associated with divulging information. But if a person is made to forget the long-term outcomes, he or she can be influenced to disclose sensitive information that's being withheld. The aim is to encourage the person to remain in short-term thinking mode, shifting focus away from the long-term ramifications of telling the truth. As former CIA agents and bestselling authors of Spy the Lie, Philip Houston, Mike Floyd, and Susan Carnicero are among the world's best at recognizing deceptive behavior and eliciting the truth from even the most accomplished liars. Get the Truth is a step-by-step guide that empowers readers to elicit the truth from others. It also chronicles the fascinating story of how the authors used a methodology Houston developed to elicit the truth in the counterterrorism and criminal investigation realms, and how these techniques can be applied to our daily lives. Using thrilling anecdotes from their careers in counterintelligence, and with easy-to-follow instructions, the authors provide a foolproof means of getting absolutely anybody to give an honest answer. Get the Truth is the easy and effective way to learn how to get the truth every time"--
Beating the terrorists? : interrogation at Omagh, Gough and Castlereagh
Your Fathers, Where Are They is Dave Eggers' brilliantly executed story of one man struggling to make sense of the world. In a barracks on an abandoned military base, miles from the nearest road, Thomas watches as the man he has brought wakes up. Kev, a NASA astronaut, doesn't recognize his captor, though Thomas remembers him. Kev cries for help. He pulls at the chain. But the ocean is close by, and nobody can hear him over the waves and wind. Thomas apologizes. He didn't want to have to resort to this. But they really needed to have a conversation, and Kev didn't answer his messages. And now, if Kev can just stop yelling, Thomas has a few questions.
Atmospherics
Joint report by HaMoked - Center for the Defence of the Individual and B'Tselem - The Israeli Information Center for Human Rights in the Occupied Territories, December 2015
Unthinkable
Investigative interviewing : psychology and practice
Talk at work : interaction in institutional settings
Torture team : deception, cruelty and the compromise of law
Vaccination Competence : The Concept and Evaluation
Interrogations : [inside the minds of the nazi elite]
Dimensions of forensic linguistics
