http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10701 university-educated labour
university-educated labour
Academic capitalism : universities in the global struggle for excellence
Managers of their own life and learning : an evaluation of an Euroform project for long term unemployed professionals aiming at mobility in Europe
From higher education to employment = De l'enseignement supérieur a l'emploi. Volume 4, Portugal, United Kingdom, Sweden, Switzerland
Diverse routes from school, via higher education, to employment : a comparison of nine European countries
Professional powers : a study of the institutionalization of formal knowledge
Careers of university graduates : views and experiences in comparative perspectives
Comparability of degrees and diplomas in international law
The brain drain : emigration and return : findings of a UNITAR multinational comparative survey of professional personnel of developing countries who study abroad
Humanities graduates and the world of work
Academic careers : proceedings of the Workshop on Academic careers at the University of Melbourne, March 1991
University training and professional career
The Finnish graduate survey 1998 : monitoring the leaders of tomorrow : main report
Academic staff integration in post-merger Chinese higher education institutions
We all play games at work - but have you ever wondered how your identity becomes bound up with game playing? This book is about employees in the Higher Education workplace and it provides an interpretation of why people act the way they do at work as an expression of game playing. It offers an insight into how people try to adapt and fit in at work by looking at how value is attached to certain identities through the lens of class and gender. The figure of the 'chav', the 'emotional woman', 'The Grafter', and 'Mrs. Bucket', are explored in detail as representations of what kinds of people are permitted, or not, to fit in at work. These identities are topical, and may even be familiar to readers, but the author's analysis of them challenges why they exist, what function these identities serve at work, and who is able to deploy and inscribe them as part of the games people play at work.
The Finnish graduate survey 1997 : monitoring the leaders of tomorrow. Executive summary
Obstacles and opportunities of internationalization of the academic staff at University of Helsinki
An evaluation of the employment situation of foreign graduates and students from Åbo Akademi University
The universum graduate survey 2000 : Finnish edition : monitoring the leaders of tomorrow. University of Oulu, university report
The academic profession : national, disciplinary, and institutional settings
Higher education and the labor market : a study of University access and graduate employment opportunities in Nigeria
How to win as a final-year student : essays, exams and employment
Students, courses and jobs : the relationship between higher education and the labour market
Academic work and careers in Europe : trends, challenges, perspectives
Summary (s. 11-12, concluding remarks (s. 45-46).
Job hunting after university or college : CVs and application forms being interviews second interviews
Professions in theory and history : rethinking the study of the professions
Enhancing faculty careers : strategies for development and renewal
Academic women
Migration and the labour market in Asia : recent trends and policies 2002
The work situation of the academic profession in Europe : findings of a survey in twelve countries
Continuing professional education of highly-qualified personnel
Managing academics : a question of perspective
Results of the 2007 membership survey of the Finnish Union of University Researchers and Teachers
The reflective practitioner : how professionals think in action
Higher education and graduate employment in Europe : results of graduate surveys from twelve countries
Transnational competence : empowering professional curricula for horizon-rising challenges
Academic environment : a handbook for evaluating employment opportunities in science
Conference proceedings : academic mobility blending perspectives = mobilité académique perspectives croisées
The universum graduate survey 2001 : Finnish edition. National results
Higher education and social stratification : an international comparative study
Understanding employers’ perceptions of international graduates : an investigation of the employment prospects of Finnish-educated Chinese graduates in Finnish companies operating in China
Social games and identity in the higher education workplace : playing with gender, class and emotion
Academic achievement, self-concept, and self-esteem : a longitudinal analysis of causal predominance
From higher education to employment = De l'enseignement supérieur a l'emploi. Vol. 2, Canada, Denmark, Spain, United States
(Re)searching scientific careers
Culture, capitals, and graduate futures : degrees of class
This book investigates the intensifying struggle for excellence between universities in a globalized academic field. The rise of the entrepreneurial university and academic capitalism are superimposing themselves on the competition of scientists for progress of knowledge and recognition by the scientific community. The result is a sharpening institutional stratification of the field. This stratification is produced and continuously reproduced by the intensified struggle for funds with the shrinking of block grants and the growing significance of competitive funding, as well as the increasing impact of international and national rankings on academic research and teaching. The increased allocation of funds on the basis of performance leads to overinvestment of resources at the small top and underinvestment for the broad mass of universities in the middle and lower ranks. There is a curvilinear inverted u-shaped relationship of investments and returns in terms of knowledge production. Paradoxically, the intrusion of the economic logic and measures of managerial controlling into the academic field imply increasing inefficiency in the allocation of resources to universities.The top institutions suffer from overinvestment, the rank-and-file institutions from underinvestment. The economic inefficiency is accompanied by a shrinking potential for renewal and open knowledge evolution.
This book presents the analysis of the representative survey about the academic profession in twelve European countries. Higher education in Europe has experienced a substantial change in recent years: Expansion progresses further, the expectation to deliver useful contributions of knowledge to the “knowledge society” is on the rise, and efforts to steer academic work through external forces and strong international management are more widespread than ever. Representative surveys of the academic profession in twelve European countries show how professors and junior staff at universities and other institutions of higher education view the role of higher education in society and their professional situation and how they actually shape their professional tasks. Academics differ across Europe substantially in their employment and working conditions, their views and their activities. Most of them favour the preservation of a close link between teaching and research and feel responsible for both theory and practice. Most consider efforts to enhance academic quality and social relevance as compatible. The overall satisfaction with their professional situation is rather high. --Publisher's description.
Love and freedom : professional women and the reshaping of personal life
Faculty renewal in higher education
Geographies of knowledge, geometries of power : framing the future of higher education
Education-jobs gap : underemployment or economic democracy
The academic profession : an international perspective
The changing academic profession : major findings of a comparative survey
This text brings together leading feminists who explore questions of feminist interventions in organisations of knowledge production, covering both the structure and culture of academic institutions and the social divisions between women. Feminism is located as a force for change, empowering women to gain a political understanding and providing a methodology for new approaches to teaching, learning, research and writing in the academy. Contributions demonstrate how an analysis of the micropolitics of the academy in terms of power, policies, discourses, pedagogy and interpersonal relationships provides a framework for de- privatising women's experience and influencing change. Using theoretical constructs and their own biographies and experience, the contributors present predicaments, inequalities and strategies. Power and influence are considered in conjunction with gender, 'race', social class and sexuality.
The decade of elusive promise: professional women in the United States, 1920-1930
The universum graduate survey 2000 : Finnish edition : monitoring the leaders of tomorrow. Nordic summary
The universum graduate survey 2001 : Finnish edition. University of Oulu report
Employability of international graduates educated in Finnish higher education institutions
Professions and Professionalization
Staffing higher education : meeting new challenges : report of the IMHE Project on Policies for Academic Staffing in Higher Education
Improving students' skills through work-based learning
Research manpower : managing supply and demand
Deaf Professionals and Designated Interpreters: A New Paradigm defines a new model that depends upon strong partnerships between the growing number of deaf experts and their interpreters. Editors Peter C. Hauser, Karen L. Finch, and Angela B. Hauser have called upon more than a score of widely respected researchers to discuss the new dynamics of interpreting for deaf professionals. Divided into two parts, this volume first delineates Designated Interpreting, in which interpreters team with deaf professionals to advance a shared point of view. Chapters in this section include the linguistics of the partnership (Look-Pause-Nod); the varying attitudes and behavior of deaf professionals and their interpreters; interaction in the work-related social setting to ensure equal participation; interpreting as affected by conversational style and gender factors; academic and educational interpreting for deaf academics; and adjusting company policies with professional interpreter guidelines. Part II, Deaf Professional and Designated Interpreter Partnerships, offers relevant examples of interpreting for deaf professionals in real estate, contemporary art, medicine, business administration, education, mental health, film-making, and information technology. These anecdotal chapters demonstrate the critical complexity of the relationships between professionals and interpreters, a revolutionary transformation that will be appreciated by interpreter preparation programs, instructors, interpreters, and their clients alike.
Academic entrepreneurship : an oxymoron?
Mobility of the highly educated labour force
The international attractiveness of the academic workplace in Europe
Analysing the consequences of academic mobility and migration
The universum graduate survey 1999 : Finnish edition : monitoring the leaders of tomorrow. Main report
The universum graduate survey 1999 : Finnish edition : monitoring the leaders of tomorrow. University of Oulu, university report 1999 : science & engineering students
The universum graduate survey 2002 : Finnish edition. University report, Oulun yliopisto
Personal, academic and career development in higher education : SOARing to success
Dynamics and the life cycle of certificate program
International mobility of the highly skilled
The academic marketplace
Power in the highest degree : professionals and the rise of a new Mandarin order
Essays on the gender wage gap in Finland
Obligations, loyalties, conflicts : highly educated women and family life in Nairobi, Kenya
Deaf professionals and designated interpreters : a new paradigm
From higher education to employment : synthesis report
The universum graduate survey 2003 : Finnish edition. University report, Oulun yliopisto
Higher education and the world of work : conceptual frameworks, comparative perspectives, empirical findings
Social, societal, social work and psychological as understood by academic social workers : towards the phenomena-based disciplinary identities
Academic career study : a framework for a 17 years longitudinal study
Europe is my oyster : experiences of finns working abroad
Employability of international graduates educated in Finnish higher education institutions : a summary
Higher education staff development: directions for the 21st century
Finding an academic job
From higher education to employment = De l'enseignement supérieur a l'emploi. Vol. 3, Finland, France, Italy, Japan, Netherlands, Norway
Educated people, migration and European integration
Essays on regional development and labor mobility in a knowledge-based economy
Summary.
The career potential of migrant scholars in Finnish higher education : emerging perspectives and dynamics
Academic mobility in a changing world : regional and global trends
The changing conditions for academic work and careers in select countries
Constructions of femininity in academic women : continuity between private and professional identity
Professionals as workers : mental labor in advanced capitalism
Higher education and employment : the case of humanities and social sciences
Academic Finns abroad : challenges of international mobility and the research career
Higher education and corporate realities : class, culture and the decline of graduate careers
Hegemony, contradiction, and gender in the context of Finnish university physics
Science as a career choice : theoretical and empirical studies
The formation of professions : knowledge, state and strategy
The Finnish graduate survey 1997 : monitoring the leaders of tomorrow. [Rengaskansio]
Feminist academics : creative agents for change
The rise of the professions in twentieth-century Mexico : university graduates and and occupational change since 1929
Refugees with higher education and their integration into working life : comparative study between Finland and Norway
Managing Academics offers contrasting perspectives of managing others in order to provoke alternative interpretations of academic work, identity, working relationships and scholarship outcomes in higher education institutions (HEIs). The author leverages a novel analytical-empirical approach to challenge the notion that managing others is a unitary, values-free process. This approach raises awareness of managing as a social process in which personal values and identity questions are treated as issues of importance to the manager and managed. Studies of academic values such as identity, professionalism and quality of worklife are integrated with authority, commitment and client-community service concepts developed within the disciplines of psychology and management in a multiple perspectives model. To enable different types of academic work to be valued and enacted simultaneously in HEIs, chapters on hybridity and perspective taking are presented. This innovative book is essential reading for academic managers in universities and colleges. It will also be of great value to academics and research students in business, management and higher education studies, and indeed anyone with an interest in the process of managing professionals.
English abstract: Academic career paths : the early career phases of generalists in the fields of humanities, social science and education in the 1980's and 1990's
The global competition for talent : mobility of the highly skilled
Working in the European Community : a guide for graduate recruiters and job-seekers
Stress in academic life : the mental assembly line
Professional empowerment of immigrants : a qualitative study on unemployed academic Russian immigrants in Finland
Working in the European Union : a guide for graduate recruiters and job-seekers
