http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10700 professionals
professionals
Changing faces : the early childhood profession in Australia
A lion's tale : around the world in spandex
The professional side of co-production
Geoff Hurst's 50 greatest footballers of all time
Breakaway : from behind the Iron Curtain to the NHL : the untold story of hockey's great escapes
Foundations and change in early childhood education
When the final buzzer sounds : NHL greats share their stories of hardship and triumph : an anthology
Cultural policy, work and identity : the creation, renewal and negotiation of professional subjectivities
High visibility : the making and marketing of professionals into celebrities
International seminar the Development of Crafts and Design Professions : 20th to 22nd February 1997   conference proceedings = The development of crafts and design professions
The actual foundation of the conference industry in Tampere took an appropriate shape after the establishment of Tampere Hall in 1990. Since then Tampere has been very active in promoting and organizing conferences of all kinds. The purpose, thus, of this study was to describe the process of organizing and managing conferences and analyze the conference industry in the Tampere Region. Sources of conference theories were used to describe the historical background of the industry's origin, its development and current trend. Data for analysis of Tampere as a conference destination were obtained through a standard questionnaire during the 23rd European Conference on Biomaterials (ESB 2010) at Tampere Hall on 11-15 September 2010. Quantitative analysis of the data was conducted through SPSS. The findings indicate that the industry dates back in 1884 during the congress of Vienna and developed into a proper industry in America in the 20th century. The findings reveal also that the process of organizing and managing conferences is a long procedure that involves several key players and encompasses other sectors such as tourism. It has also been noted that conference industry in Tampere existed even before the advent of Tampere Hall. It was due to Tampere being active in research, education and theater culture, plus due to the decline of the early industry in the region that brought about the establishment of purpose-built conference center - Tampere Hall. Conferences is an international industry that still grows. Despite offering massive employment opportunities and contributing to the world economy it lacks consistent data for quantification. There are less conference related courses in universities and the demand for professionals is on the increase. More courses on meeting events should be introduced in universities as a proactive approach in developing the industry in the region. Tampere Convention Bureau should work together with academic institutions to devise a method of managing meeting events records, and studies need to be carried out on the environmental impact of conference tourism. Key words: Conference, meetings industry, meeting events, tourism.
The role of top-level sport in Finland : a governmental perspective of the present status and future trends
Technical communication as an activity system : a practitioner’s perspective
Changing attitudes of Russian foresters
The problems of professionals
I should be dead by now : the wild life and crazy times of the NBA's great rebounder of modern times
One of a kind : the rise and fall of Stuey "the Kid" Ungar, the world's greatest poker player
Muhammad Ali : his life and times
Nordic forest professionals' values
Women in mass communication : challenging gender values
Skills and skilled work : an economic and social analysis
Ryan Giggs : the man for all seasons
Professional driving : an emphasis on organizational Safety climate
Professionals in organizations : debunking a myth
Interprofessional collaboration : from policy to practice in health and social care
Between the pipes : a revealing look at hockey's legendary goalies
For fifteen years, Robert Stebbins has conducted extensive research on amateurs and professionals in theatre, music, archaeology, astronomy, baseball, football, magic and stand-up comedy. His publications give the theme of serious leisure in-depth scholarly attention. This text brings together the findings of this research project to provide a theoretical framework that reveals the commonalities across these eight fields. Throughout this project Stebbins has built on the work of Barney Glaser and Anselm Strauss and their notion of "grounded theory". First, Stebbins extensively observed the routine activities of amateurs and professionals in each field studied. Then, as he became more familiar with the life-styles of the participants, he conducted lengthy, unstructured, face-to-face interviews with, in most cases, 30 amateur or professional respondents. Each field demanded special methods of observation, analysis, interviewing, probing and reporting. As much as possible, however, Stebbins asked similar questions of all respondents in all fields so as to permit generalizations across these diverse fields. The result was a "substantive grounded theory" of each field studied. Stebbins has developed a "formal grounded theory" of amateurs and professionals based on the research accumulated in all eight substantive fields. By transcending a variety of contexts, he argues, one can gain a more enduring appreciation of the elements that affect peoples' experiences in work and leisure pursuits. A review of the findings across this wide range of activities, including his findings and ideas on hobbyists and career volunteers, enabled Stebbins to derive better definitions of the main concepts of the project, such as "amateur", "the public", and "serious leisure" -- as well as "professional", where he distinguishes between client-centred and public-centred professionals who, while sharing numerous ideal-typical attributes, vary as
Herb Brooks : the inside story of a hockey mastermind
Recruitment of foreign IT professionals in Finland
Changing room : mobility of non-artistic cultural professionals in Europe : a mobility pilot for cultural operators by Trans Europe Halles : research report
99 : Gretzky : his game, his story
Crossing the line : my story
Over the past decades, professional public services have been burdened with demands for accountability and with businesslike managerial systems that are endemic to the private sector. In this volume, a team of international experts shows that these influences are relative. They present theoretical and empirical insights on broader changes in and around professional work in healthcare, social welfare, education, and policing. They also analyze coping mechanisms of professionals, which vary from sector to sector and they argue that public professionals will need to develop new skills for working in reconfigured public services.
Transnational professionals and their cosmopolitan universes
Co-production challenges the operations logic of public service organisations
Break point : the inside story of modern tennis
The reflective practitioner : how professionals think in action
The principles of sociology. 3
Approaching Ali : a reclamation in three acts
Ready or not : leadership choices in early care and education
Professional ethics
Conference tourism in the Tampere region
Analyzing the views of wood harvesting professionals related to the approaches for increasing the cost-efficiency of wood harvesting from young stands
Innovative solutions to afforable housing in major cities for yong professionals
Amateurism versus professionalism : redefining the Olympic debate
In real life
Besides, war and famine, the major attraction on television is ironically space travel, particularly involving professional travellers to space. Recently, the number of non - professional space travellers has seemingly increased.  However, though space travel is new, the professional space travel industry does not fully appreciate the impact it could have on tourism. The international tourism industry is also one of the largest and fastest growing industries in the world. As tourism gets saturated on the earth, tourists might have to find new trends. Technology has clearly helped in enhancing the choices of travel that tourists can have.     Because of the nature, of the professional space travel industry, this research was mainly inspired by the 2005 events of Virgin Galactic. Thus, the main objective of the research was to understand the pull factors of space tourism travel, based on the views of professional travellers, as well as the space travel industry players. Consequently, because tourism is a multifaceted industry, the research integrated corresponding tourism literature with space travel.  A theoretical pull factor model is implemented with reference from tourism related literature so as to demonstrate and understand the views that are perceived by the professional space travellers.       This research is conducted qualitatively.  Moreover, the World Wide Web, based on the electronic mailing system is employed.  Since the emphasis is to understand the world from the perspectives of the participants, the qualitative nature of electronic mailing system is resoundingly the most efficient tool for the purposes of this research.       The data was gathered based on the correspondence with Virgin Galactic, Space Adventures, Futron Corporation, Scientist A and Scientist B from NASA. Their, views were eventually integrated in relation to the grounded theory method of data analysis, as well as the matrix tabulation. Unfortunately, the most active participants of non-professional space travel (Rosaviakosmos) were clearly not interested in the research.    Suggestions for further studies are created by proposing a further research involving non- professional space travellers like Dennis Tito. The answers to the research questions are also addressed in the conclusions which are a created inspired by the interviews and results from data analysis. Conclusions are drawn to reveal the true nature of the space travel industry.
Management of professionals
Class politics in the information age
Collaboration between professionals and citizen movements : self-help groups as an example
The best seat in the house : stories from the NHL : inside the room, on the ice and on the bench
"It's pretty bloody great!" : a structural analysis of classical music reviews
Professionalism in the early years
The politics of mass housing in Britain, 1945-1975 : a study of corporate power and professional influence in the welfare state
Improving employment opportunities for foreign professionals in Finland
The Golden Jet
Early childhood education and care : an introduction
Communication Professionals and Organisational Decision-Making : A Finnish Study of Practitioner Roles
Psychology of programming : looking into programmers̕  heads
Care of the professional voice : a guide to voice management for singers, actors and professional voice users
Effective leadership and management in the early years
Achieving early years professional status
My last fight : the true story of a hockey rock star
Mysteries of wrestling
Choosing a career in international development : a practical guide to working in the professions of international development
How football saved my life
Make-up : the complete guide to professional results
Contemporary cinematographers on their art
Glorious : my world, football and me
Developing a career promotion model for Romanian football referees
Criminal and civil liability of professionals - present situation and future prospects regarding the concepts of negligence and risk : proceedings : 22nd Colloquy on European Law, La Laguna, Tenerife, 17-19 November 1992.
It's all about the bike : my autobiography
Adventures in Aidland : the anthropology of professionals in international development
Patrick Roy : winning, nothing else
The perfect kill : a personal history of modern assassination
The talent equation : big data lessons for navigating the skills gap and building a competitive workforce
Fifteen-year-old math prodigy Seth Gordon hopes to compete professionally playing Starfare, the world's most popular computer game, but when he gets the chance to move to Korea and train full-time, he may not be ready for the culture shock and leaving his possible girlfriend, Hannah
For those considering a career in International Development, this book gives down to earth information and advice. It is an intriguing look at the field from top to bottom. What is International Development, its specialties and careers? How can one prepare? The book describes operations, challenges, and personal rewards through real life accounts.
It all begins with the music : developing successful artists and careers for the new music business
Second Best : my dad and me
Leadership in early childhood : the pathway to professionalism
This multidisciplinary book develops an original framework for understanding skills, skilled work, and surrounding policies. It establishes the concept and measurement of skill, sets out a theoretical framework for skills analyses, and investigates the roles of employers, workers, and other social actors.
Early childhood : a guide for students
Gordie : a hockey legend : an unauthorized biography of Gordie Howe
Breakaway : from behind the Iron curtain to the NHL : the untold story of hockey's great escapes
iPro user : a case study of pro-am photographers in Malaysia travel magazine
Addiction and the making of professional careers
The socio-economic position of composers and musicians in Finland : collection of data
Brett : his own story
Professional judgment : a reader in clinical decision making
Andrea Pirlo : I think therefore I play
Immortal : the biography of George Best
The professional woman
How to grow as a musician : what all musicians must know to succeed
Don't call me goon : a tribute to hockey's great enforcers, bad boys, and gunslingers
The new early years professional : dilemmas and debates
Destination Finland : opportunities, limitations and migration choices of post-Soviet professionals
Guide to producing a fashion show
For richer, for poorer : confessions of a player
From amateur to professional golf : Finnish top golfers along for the ride
Information system specialist predispositions
George Best, the mercurial Manchester United and Northern Ireland forward, possessed a genius that left opponents slack-jawed and earned him a legion of adoring fans. Off the pitch, as his striking good looks, devil-may-care attitude and mischievous charm made him the first British sportsman to be accorded pop star status, Best became an icon. But fame came at a price, and his playing career was soon overshadowed by his lifestyle and an increasing dependence on the comforting embrace of alcohol. Whilst his tumultuous later years could never diminish the memories of the peerless, often breathtaking, quality of his football, they had a profound effect on his only son, Calum. Growing up with his mother in California, Calum's sporadic visits to see his father in England were all too rare, and he cherished every moment he could spend in the company of the man he adored. But as George's alcoholism spiralled out of control, inebriation frequently led to violence and George's self-destruction spilled over onto his son. Vivid, deeply moving, brave and honest, Second Best is the heart-breaking story of their relationship. It is a powerful tale of love and heartache, of an absent father and his wayward son, and of a family torn apart by addiction and intemperance.
Social networks among Russian information and communication technology professionals
Professionals under pressure : the reconfiguration of professional work in changing public services
Nordic forest sector values : a cognitive mapping
Objectives and motivations of small-scale forest owners : theoretical modelling and qualitative assessment
The pull factors of space tourism travel
Social integration of foreign professional players into sport and society : a migration perspective
Between the lines : not so tall tales from Ray "Scampy" Scapinello's four decades in the NHL
Professional orientation to counseling
Playing with fire
Using emerging technologies to develop professional learning
Diaries of family workers: empowerment and working with families with children
Beyond the lens : rights, ethics and business practice in professional photography / [edited by Gwen Thomas & Janet Ibbotson]
The early childhood coaching handbook
Developing information leaders : harnessing the talents of generation X
The complete guide to organising and styling professional photo shoots
Future with chemistry : final project report 2013
How to run seminars & workshops: presentation skills for consultants, trainers and teachers
Practical professional gastronomy
The best in the world : at what I have no idea
Argument for action : ethics and professional conduct
The trade : 25 years since Wayne Gretzky left
Professionalizing the organization : reducing bureaucracy to enhance effectiveness
Amateurs, professionals, and serious leisure
Career opportunities in library and information science
Higher civil servants in Britain : from 1870 to the present day
The encyclopedia of professional wrestling : 100 years of history, headlines & hitmakers
To a young jazz musician : letters from the road
Wearing the "C" : leadership secrets from hockey's greatest captains
Diego Costa : the art of war
