http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10735 homelessness (lack of shelter)
homelessness (lack of shelter)
Reconstructing social work research : Finnish methodological adaptations
Social care and housing
Making room : the economics of homelessness
Coping with homelessness : issues to be tackled and best practices in Europe
Qualitative housing analysis : an international perspective
Grand central winter : a story from the streets of New York City
Gimme shelter : a social history of homelessness in contemporary America
Immigration and homelessness in Europe
Market, bureaucracy and community : a student's guide to organisation
National action plan against poverty and social exclusion
Encyclopedia of homelessness
The Finnish homelessness strategy : an international review
Housing as a human right in Europe
Poverty and food in welfare societies
Social problems and the family
The faces of homelessness
Women, social exclusion and homelessness in Finland : national report European observatory on homelessness
Bed, breakfast and social work
International year of shelter for the homeless : what Finland is doing
At home in the street : street children of Northeast Brazil
Shadow cities : a billion squatters, a new urban world
Abstract (description). Summary (s. 51-52).
Shelter blues : sanity and selfhood among the homeless
Evicted : poverty and profit in the American city
Housing women
Over the edge : the growth of homelessness in the 1980s
Attitudes, poverty and agency in Russia and Ukraine
Down and out in America : the origins of homelessness
Health of disadvantaged groups in Finland
Community health promotion : challenges for practice
Living on a dollar a day : the lives and faces of the world's poor
No home to go to
The housing crisis
Neighbor for sale
Braving the street : the anthropology of homelessness
Summary (s. 21-23).
Homelessness and drinking : a study of a street population
Housing the homeless : the local authority role
European integration and housing policy
The right to housing
Child labour
Generation in jeopardy : children in Central and Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union
Homelessness in global perspective
Youth, the "underclass" and social exclusion
Street politics : poor people's movements in Iran
Homeless : policies, strategies, and lives on the street
Faith-based organisations and exclusion in European cities
Summary (s. i-iii).
Social work with homeless women
Shelter provision and employment generation
Landscapes of despair : from deinstitutionalization to homelessness
Housing and homelessness : a feminist perspective
Services for homeless people : the policy context from 1960s until the present day and two examples for innovative services
Handbook of the project Keinot käyttöön arjen areenoilla
Homelessness and social policy
Better times than this : youth homelessness in Britain
Homeless children : the watchers and the waiters
The emergence of enclaves of wealth and poverty : a sociological study of residential differentiation in post-communist Poland
Life at the bottom : the worldview that makes the underclass
Habitat agenda and Istanbul declaration : second United Nations Conference on Human Settlements, Istanbul, Turkey 3-14 June 1996
Needed by nobody : homelessness, humiliation, and homelessness in post-socialist Russia
At risk of homelessness : the roles of income and rent
Homelessness : the making and unmaking of a crisis
Measuring homelessness in Europe
Righteous dopefiend
Youth homelessness in the European Union
Qualitative studies in social work research
Youth homelessness : the construction of a social issue
Crossing the line : vagrancy, homelessness and social displacement in Russia
Deprivation, social welfare and expertise
"We are not garbage!" : the homeless movement in Tokyo, 1994-2002
Homelessness in Latvia : in the search of understanding
Travels with Lizbeth
Stories about homelessness and marginalisation
Kicked out
Slightly over one billion people on the planet live on a dollar a day. While the reasons for their poverty may be different across geographic regions and political circumstances, the results are much the same. Extreme poverty robs people of options in life, and the cycle is nearly impossible to break without help. While the poor often work very hard at jobs many of us would not even consider doing, not having access to basic health care and education keeps them at the bottom of the economic ladder, usually for generations. Living on a Dollar a Day shares the personal stories of some these poorest of the poor, honoring their lives, their struggles, and encouraging action in those who can help. In making this beautiful and moving book a team traveled to four continents, took thousands of photographs, conducted numerous interviews, and researched information on the agencies around the world that strive to help the destitute. The resulting stories and photographs offer a heartrending glimpse into the everyday realities of individuals and families facing extreme poverty. Personal profiles give voice to their experience, and research about the root causes of global poverty is shared along with information on how those in more fortunate circumstances can get involved.
Down and out, on the road : the homeless in American history
Homeless children : problems and needs
Homelessness in America : perspectives, characterizations, and considerations for occupational therapy
The mole people : life in the tunnels beneath New York City
Frustration and hope in housing the urban poor : the case of Shah Jalal Upa-Shahar, Bangladesh
Domicide : the global destruction of home
Homelessness research in Europe : Festschrift for Bill Edgar and Joe Docherty
The social and health care study of street children at IPEK, Calcutta
Petersburg in the early 90ś : Crazy, cold, cruel... = Peterburg natshala 90-h : Bezumnyj, holodnyj, zhestokij..
Summary (s. 13-14)
The women outside : meanings and myths of homelessness
Housing the homeless
The right to adequate housing
At the margins : street children in Asia and the Pacific
"Women have been neglected and marginalised in much contemporary, European housing policy and practice. Nowhere is this more apparent than in the development of policies on homelessness. This book examines the gender-specific factors leading to homelessness and the ability of women to access appropriate services for rehousing and social integration. The report draws on the national reports of the correspondents of the European Observatory on Homelessness of FEANISA. This unique volume provides for the first time a picture of the nature and causes of homelessness among women across the European member states. Its findings will stimulate further research and encourage transnational cooperation in the development of appropriate policies and support services. Women and homelessness is essential reading for policy makers, service providers, social workers, researchers and students of housing and housing policy." Title Summary field provided by Blackwell North America, Inc.
Homelessness : the (in-)appropriate applicant
Citizens without shelter : homelessness, democracy, and political exclusion
Homeless immigrants in Finland : national report 2002 : European Observatory on Homelessness
Young people and the risks of exclusion and homelessness
Research in social problems and public policy : a research annual. Vol. 4 : 1987
Housing : a factual analysis
Women and homelessness in Europe : pathways, services and experiences
The homeless in contemporary society
Working with street children : selected case studies from Africa, Asia and Latin America
