http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10713 bicycle paths
bicycle paths
As New York Citys transportation commissioner, Janette Sadik-Khan managed the seemingly impossible and transformed the streets of one of the worlds greatest, toughest cities into dynamic spaces safe for pedestrians and bikers. Her approach was dramatic and effective: Simply painting a part of the street to make it into a plaza or bus lane not only made the street safer, but it also lessened congestion and increased foot traffic, which improved the bottom line of businesses. Real-life experience confirmed that if you know how to read the street, you can make it function better by not totally reconstructing it but by reallocating the space thats already there.  Breaking the street into its component parts, Streetfight demonstrates, with step-by-step visuals, how to rewrite the underlying source code of a street, with pointers on how to add protected bike paths, improve crosswalk space, and provide visual cues to reduce speeding. Achieving such a radical overhaul wasnt easy, and Streetfight pulls back the curtain on the battles Sadik-Khan won to make her approach work. She includes examples of how this new way to read the streets has already made its way around the world, from pocket parks in Mexico City and Los Angeles to more pedestrian-friendly streets in Auckland and Buenos Aires, and innovative bike-lane designs and plazas in Austin, Indianapolis, and San Francisco. Many are inspired by the changes taking place in New York City and are based on the same techniques. Streetfight deconstructs, reassembles, and reinvents the street, inviting readers to see it in ways they never imagined.
Ways of the world : a history of the world's roads and the vehicles that used them
Sustainable transport : planning for walking and cycling in urban environments
Helsinki cycling routes
Pyöräily : Helsinki & pääkaupunkiseutu : pyöräilykartta : Helsinki, pääkaupunkiseutu = cycling map : city of Helsinki & metropolitan area = cykelkarta : Helsingfors & huvudstadsregionen
Cycling futures : from research into practice
Fillariopas : Cycling guide Finland = Radführer Finnland. Suur-Saimaan kierros = The great lakes route = Die grosse Seenrundfahrt
Vitality from walking and cycling
Total road cycling
Pyöräily : Espoo & pääkaupunkiseutu : pyöräilykartta : Espoo, pääkaupunkiseutu = cycling map : city of Espoo & metropolitan area = cykelkarta : Esbo & huvudstadsregionen
Pyöräilykartta : Helsinki : pääkaupunkiseutu = Cycling map : City of Helsinki : metropolitan area = Cykelkarta : Helsingfors : huvudstadsregionen ; Pyöräily : pääkaupunkiseutu
Pyöräilykartta : Vantaa : pääkaupunkiseutu = Cycling map : City of Vantaa : metropolitan area = Cykelkarta : Vanda : huvudstadsregionen ; Pyöräily : pääkaupunkiseutu
Cycling in Scotland
Pyöräily : Vantaa & pääkaupunkiseutu : pyöräilykartta : Vantaa, pääkaupunkiseutu = cycling map : city of Vantaa & metropolitan area = cykelkarta : Vanda & huvudstadsregionen
Road and rail transportation
Saariston pyöräilyreitit = Skärgårdens cykelrutter = The Archipelago bicycle routes
Complete bike book
Pyöräilykartta : Espoo : pääkaupunkiseutu = Cycling map : City of Espoo : metropolitan area = Cykelkarta : Esbo : huvudstadsregionen ; Pyöräily : pääkaupunkiseutu
Transformers prime : the Orion Pax saga
Streetfight : handbook for an urban revolution
The NACTO Urban Bikeway Design Guide, Second Edition, is based on the experience of the best cycling cities in the world. Completely re-designed with an accessible, four-color layout, this second edition continues to build upon the fast-changing state of the practice at the local level. The designs in this book were developed by cities for cities, since unique urban streets require innovative solutions. To create the Guide, the authors conducted an extensive worldwide literature search from design guidelines and real-life experience. They worked closely with a panel of urban bikeway planning professionals from NACTO member cities and from numerous other cities worldwide, as well as traffic engineers, planners, and academics with deep experience in urban bikeway applications. The Guide offers substantive guidance for cities seeking to improve bicycle transportation in places where competing demands for the use of the right-of-way present unique challenges. First and foremost, the NACTO Urban Bikeway Design Guide, Second Edition will help practitioners make good decisions about urban bikeway design. The treatments outlined in this updated Guide are based on real-life experience in the world's most bicycle friendly cities and have been selected because of their utility in helping cities meet their goals related to bicycle transportation. Praised by Former Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood as an extraordinary piece of work, the Guide is an indispensable tool every planner must have for their daily transportation design work.
Motion control of conventional and non-conventional railway wheelsets
Pyöräilykartta : Vantaa, pääkaupunkiseutu = Cycling map : City of Vantaa, metropolitan area = Cyckelkarta : Vanda, huvudstadsregionen
Two-cylinder odyssey : a study of motorcycle travel literature
