http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10744 police investigation
police investigation
Quality of guilty knowledge test items affects test efficiency in realistic mock crimes
Hunting evil : how the Nazi war criminals escaped and the hunt to bring them to justice
The City & The City
The police and criminal evidence act 1984
As Banks and his team follow what few clues they have, desperate to find the missing boy, who holds the key to the puzzle, they find themselves branching out in different directions. As the end game becomes a race against time, even Banks's team isn't safe from the rage of the hunted animal / Library of Congress.
The heat of betrayal
Studies of satellite-based tracking systems for improving law enforcement : comprising investigation data, digital evidence and monitoring of legality
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Preserve the dead
Interpreters and the legal process
Scotland Yard : a personal inquiry
Solving international crime
Binding ties : a novel
Interrogating to detect deception and truth : effects of strategic use of evidence
This ground-breaking text is the first to provide a detailed overview of Investigative Psychology, from the earliest work through to recent studies, including descriptions of previously unpublished internal reports. Crucially it provides a framework for students to explore this exciting terrain, combining Narrative Theory and an Action Systems framework. It includes empirically tested models for Offender Profiling and guidance for investigations, as well as an agenda for research in Investigative Psychology. "Investigative Psychology" features: the full range of crimes from fraud to terrorism, including burglary, serial killing, arson, rape, and organised crime; important methodologies including multi-dimensional scaling and the Radex approach as well as Social Network Analysis; Geographical Offender Profiling, supported by detailed analysis of the underlying psychological processes that make this such a valuable investigative decision support tool; and, the full range of investigative activities, including effective information collection, detecting deception and the development of decision support systems. In effect, this text introduces an exciting new paradigm for a wide range of psychological contributions to all forms of investigation within and outside of law enforcement. Each chapter has actual cases and quotations from offenders and ends with questions for discussion and research, making this a valuable text for undergraduate and postgraduate courses in Applied and Forensic Psychology, Criminology, Socio-Legal Studies and related disciplines.
Report of the Warren Commission on the assasination of President Kennedy : the dramatic official answer to who killed Kennedy
Computer applications for handling legal evidence, police investigation and case argumentation. Volume 2
Forensic science : a beginner's guide
Teknisen rikostutkinnan vuosisata : valokuvia matkan varrelta = Hundra år av teknisk brottsutredning : en fotografisk resa = Hundred years of forensic investigation : a photographic journey
Handbook of the psychology of interviewing
The inheritor's powder : a cautionary tale of poison, betrayal and greed
Cross-examination : science and techniques
Eliciting admissions from suspects in criminal investigations
Murders of the Black Museum 1875-1975 : the dark secrets behind more than a hundred years of the most notorious crimes in England
Butterworths police law
The first rule of ten
The real Sherlock Holmes : the hidden story of Jerome Caminada
Demon and the city : a detective inspector Chen novel
The bat
The stranger
River
The fifth witness
Transformations of policing
Texas killing fields
The city and the city
Falling freely, as if in a dream
The golden egg
Sins of the father
Iron khan : a detective inspector Chen novel
Drawing conclusions
The demon and the city : a detective inspector Chen novel
Snake agent : a detective inspector Chen novel
Son of no one
Security supervision and management : theory and practice of asset protection
Techniques of crime scene investigation
Heist : the true story of the world's  biggest cash robbery
The story of Scotland Yard : a history of the C.I.D. from earliest times to the present day
Last refuge
Too late to say goodbye
The reversal
The unlucky lottery : an inspector Van Veereren mystery
The case for the prosecution
Forensic psychology for dummies
The art of investigative interviewing / : Charles L. Yeschke and Inge Sebyan Black
Late December. A sixteen-year-old girl is found dead on a train line. Detective Sergeant Lucy Black from the Public Protection Unit is called to identify the body. The murdered girl, Karen Hughes, having a father in prison and an alcoholic mother, had no choice but to live in residential care. – WorldCat.
Forensic linguistics : an introduction to language, crime and the law
Shot through the heart : a D I Grace Fisher thriller
Magic in the blood
Learning to work together : collaboration between authorities in economic-crime investigation
Forensic and criminal psychology
The secret history of Moscow
The Bat
Undercover : police surveillance in America
The Iron Khan : a detective inspector Chen novel
The gallow's bird
Saints under siege : the Texas State raid on the Fundamentalist Latter Day Saints
Everything she ever wanted
Investigative psychology : offender profiling and the analysis of criminal action
Silent witnesses : a history of forensic science
The investigation of crime : a guide to police powers
The Crime Museum uncovered : inside Scotland Yard's special collection
He who kills the dragon
Irrefutable evidence : adventures in the history of forensic science
Cult following : a novel
In the dark places : an inspector Banks novel
Understanding criminal investigation
Crime investigation : (investigative features of the most frequently encountered crimes)
Criminal investigation : motivation, emotion and cognition in the processing of evidence
Hannah Kelly has been missing for nine months. Ava Delaney has been dead for five days. One girl to find. One girl to avenge. And DS Aector McAvoy won't let either of them go until justice can be done. But some people have their own ideas of what justice means ... / WorldCat.
Forensics for dummies
The gift
Computer applications for handling legal evidence, police investigation and case argumentation. Volume 1
Uniform Justice
Domu : The dreams of children
The republic of wine : a novel
The Lawless state : the crimes of the U.S. intelligence agencies
Snitch : informants, cooperators, and the corruption of justice
Beastly things
