http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10798 telecommunications activity
telecommunications activity
Jurisdiction over broadcasters in Europe : report on round-table discussion & selection of background materials
Telematics and government
IPTV and Internet video : new markets in television broadcasting
Television studies after TV : understanding television in the post-broadcast era
British television policy : a reader
Radio and television systems in Southern Europea : Cyprus, France, Greece, Italy, Malta, Portugal, Slovenia, Spain, "the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia", Turkey
European television in the digital age : issues, dynamics and realities
Broadcasting politics in Japan : NHK and television news
From companions to competitors : the changing broadcasting markets and television programming in Finland
The telecommunications industry in Mexico
Telecommunications law and regulation
Television across Europe : a comparative introduction
Analysis of technology and business antecedents for spectrum sharing in mobile broadband networks
Telecommunications in Argentina
Smart mobs : the next social revolution
Telecommunications law and practice
Managing strategic change in the changing radio and television market : a Finnish example 1985-1998
Protecting our future : educating a cybersecurity workforce
Closed circuits : the sellout of Canadian television
Broadcasters and citizens in Europe : trends in media accountability and viewer participation
An introduction to television studies
A Nordic public service media map
Television on your doorstep : decentralization experiences in the European Union
Dominion. Season two
Public television in transition : a comparative and historical analysis of the BBC and the NRK
From dusk till dawn. Season one
Radio and television systems in Nothern Europe and the Baltics : Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Iceland, Latvia, Lithuania, Norway, Sweden
Public television in the digital era : technological challenges and new strategies in Europe
The operational environments of the Finnish and Swiss mobile operators
Kung fu killer : the complete series
Quality in television : programmes, programme-makers, systems
An introductory history of British broadcasting
Essays on competition in e-markets
Significant market power regulation as Lex Specialis in telecommunications competition
Television : an international history
Televiestint채 Suomessa = Telecommunications in Finland 2004.
The story of Perlos 1953-2003
Managing radical business innovations : a study of internal corporate venturing at Sonera Corporation
Consistency and change in Finnish broadcasting policy : the implementation of digital television and lessons from the Canadian experience
Broadcasting is arguably the most influential and powerful industry operating today. The media impose an inescapable presence in contemporary life and infuse all areas of public communication. But what is the quality of the relationship between 'broadcaster' and 'citizen'? Do the media and media authorities take the audience's interests seriously into account? Do audiences have real opportunities to express themselves? Are citizens well informed and educated about the social, the cultural and the civic role that media can play? In this book, five authors present the main results of an extensive programme of research that was financed by the European Commission. The study was conducted in 29 European countries and each author analyses European trends from different but complementary perspectives: from the broadcasters' side (media accountability and responsibility, including the key role of Public Service Broadcasting); from the citizens' side (viewers' participation mechanisms) and from the regulatory side (legal instruments which protect viewer rights). Given the historical experience of the United Kingdom, the situation in this country is analysed in detail. A specific chapter also describes the instruments and procedures that TV viewers have at the European Union level in addition to those existing at national level.
Scorpion. Season one
Audience economics of European Union public service broadcasters : assessing performance in competitive markets
Television in transition : papers from the First international television studies conference
National broadcasting under siege : a comparative study of Australia, Britain, Israel and West Germany
Price level of the Finnish telecommunications charges 2005
Small among giants : television broadcasting in smaller countries
Technology-driven industry restructure : the case of terrestrial televison broadcasting in Finland
Global TV : new media and the Cold War, 1946-69
The creation of the media : political origins of modern communications
Busy lines, hectic programming : a competitive analysis of the Northwest  Russian ICT cluster
Dark angel. season two collection
Dominion. Season one
Strategic groups and performance of the firm : towards a new competitive environment in the Finnish telecommunications industry
Wireless horizon : strategy and competition in the worldwide mobile marketplace
Industrial transformation through public technology procurement? : the case of the Finnish telecommunications industry
Is채nmaan puolesta. The complete fifth season
Ukraine risks and future prospects for the case company : case: Company X Ltd
Yle serving its audiences : summary of 1998 audience research
Sharing is emerging as one of the megatrends influencing future business opportunities, and wireless communications is no exception to this development. Future mobile broadband networks will operate on different types of spectrum bands including shared spectrum, which calls for changes in the operation and management of the networks. The creation and capture of value by the different players in the mobile broadband ecosystem is expected to change due to regulation, technology, and business landscape related drivers that concern not only spectrum sharing, but also sharing of other resources such as infrastructure, technologies, or data. This thesis examines the key business and technology enablers needed to exploit spectrum sharing in mobile broadband networks, and presents the business model characteristics and strategic choices that spectrum sharing concepts support. Action research and integral scenarios methodologies were applied for strategic and business analysis utilizing the capacity and expertise of the policy, business and technology research communities. The thesis introduces a new approach to analyze the scalability of the spectrum sharing concepts and their business model elements utilizing sharing economy antecedent factors. The results indicate that all analyzed sharing concepts meet basic requirements to scale. The Licensed Shared Access (LSA) leverages existing assets and capabilities of the mobile network operator domain, the Citizens Broadband Radio Service (CBRS) extends the business model dynamics from connectivity to content, context and commerce, and the hybrid usage of Ultra High Frequency (UHF) band by Digital Terrestrial TV (DTT) and downlink Long Term Evolution (LTE) (HUHF) enables new collaborative opportunities between converging communication, Internet and media domains. The thesis validates the feasibility of spectrum sharing between mobile broadband networks and other types of incumbent spectrum users utilizing Finnish cognitive radio field trial environment (CORE), and expands the notion of spectrum sharing beyond the mobile broadband domain to be applied to other wireless systems including the media and broadcasting. The presented results can be used in developing the future mobile broadband systems enhanced with innovative spectrum sharing enabled business models to cope with the growing demand for capacity and new services by humans and machines.
Radio and television systems in the EU member states and Switzerland : Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Luxemburg, Netherlands, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, United-Kingdom
Access pricing and competition in telecommunications
Public relations in a transition society 1989-2002 : using a stakeholder approach in organisational communications and relations analyses
Television under the tories : broadcasting policy 1979-1997
The communicative potentials and problems of teledemocracy
World record in mobile communications
Radio and television systems in Central and Eastern Europe : Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Russian Federation, Slovak Republic
Telecommunications market in Brazil
How does Yle meet licence-payer expectations? : summary of 1997 audience research
24 : twenty four. Season three, DVD collection
Worlds in common? : television discourse in a changing Europe
The new communications landscape : demystifying media globalization
Can we still trust the BBC?
Falling skies. The complete fourth season
The power of schedule : programme management in the transformation of Finnish public service television
Effective, agile and trusted eServices co-creation : proceedings of the 15th International Conference on Electronic Commerce : ICEC 2013, August 13-15, Turku, Finland
This business of televisionTM
Controlling market power in telecommunications : antitrust vs sector-specific regulation
The economics of network industries
Televiestint채 Suomessa = Telecommunications in Finland. 2003.
Fax art : just now
Uninvited guests : the intimate secrets of television and radio
Televiestint채 Suomessa = Telecommunications in Finland. 2002.
Abstract:
Falling skies. The complete third season
A companion to television
