http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10721 cartography
cartography
Features of common sense geography : implicit knowledge structures in ancient geographical texts
Proceedings of the 10th International Symposium on High Mountain Remote Sensing Cartography held in Kathmandu, Nepal, 8-11 September 2008
Mapping wilderness : concepts, techniques and applications
Things maps don't tell us : an adventure into map interpretation
Maps & man : an examination of cartography in relation to culture and civilization
Design guidelines for map mashups visualizing point data
Boundaries and frontiers in medieval Muslim geography
History of cartography
Great maps
The world at their fingertips : eighteenth-century British two-sheet double-hemisphere world maps
Visualization and analysis of landscape in information space
The history of the cartography of Nicosia
New approaches in thematic cartography
Periphery of the classical world in ancient geography and cartography
Cartography and geographic information science : report on the Meeting of the United Nations Geographic Information Working Group : United Nations, New York, 28-30 March 2000
Mapping the American Revolutionary War
Strange maps : an atlas of cartographic curiosities
Metropolis : mapping the city
Nordic summer course in cartography : visualization of geographical data 4.-11. June 1994 Espoo
Maps and mapping of Africa : a resource guide
Cartographic design and production
London : the Selden Map and the making of a global city, 1549-1689
Meaning, knowledge and power in the map philosophy of J. B. Harley
Mapping colonial conquest : Australia and Southern Africa
Sixth United Nations Regional Cartographic Conference for the Americas, New York, 2-6 June 1997. Vol. 1, Report of the Conference
Proceedings of the 16th International Cartographic Conference Cologne/Köln 3-9 May 1993, Volume 2
Map generalization in the Nordic countries
Statistical mapping and the presentation of statistics
Geovisualization and knowledge discovery for decision-making in ecological network planning
Elements of cartography
An eleventh-century Egyptian guide to the universe : the Book of curiosities
Geo graphic : a book for map lovers
The map book
Anti-gravity & the world grid
Rome measured and imagined : early modern maps of the Eternal City
Coordinate systems and map projections
Fifth United Nations Regional Cartographic Conference for the Americas : New York, 11-15 January 1993. Vol. 1, Report of the conference
The Mapping of Russian America : a history of Russian-American contacts in cartography
Phantom islands of the Atlantic : the legends of seven lands that never were
Early mapping of Pasific
Mastering the Niger : James MacQueen's African geography and the struggle over Atlantic slavery
Creative dynamics : diagrammatic strategies in narrative
Mapping for money : maps, plans, and topographic paintings and their role in Dutch overseas expansion during the 16th and 17th centuries
Mapping different geographies
Rare globes : a cultural-historical exposition of selected terrestrial and celestial globes made before 1850 - especially connected with Denmark
East Asia in old maps
Map studies and landscape types
Geomorphological mapping : methods and applications
A renaissance globemaker's toolbox : Johannes Schöner and the revolution of modern science, 1475-1550
Desktop mapping using GPS : Sahti - a software package for environmental monitoring
Another America : Native American maps and the history of our land
Der Atlas der Donauländer : Kartenband = Atlas of the Danubian countries : map volume = Atlas des pays Danubiens : volume de cartes = Atlas Dunajskih stran : tom kart
The presentation of data with graduated symbols
The mapping of Terra Australis
The article looks at the development of cartographic representations of Finland from a social constructionist perspective. The image of Finland, as portrayed on maps, has contributed significantly to the Finnish nation-building process. As a medium for the dissemination of information, maps have enabled the broad popularisation of the idea of Finland as a unified territory and nation. Maps have also helped to build the sense of Finnishness by representing the country in exclusively Finnish terms, e.g., with Finnish place names. Finally, maps build the sense of a continuous national history by situating political and cultural events and portraying these in a timeless manner. In all, maps are powerful representations that should be assessed as agents of change rather than passive objects.
Scandinavian summer course in cartography : 10.-16. June 1989.
Getting to know desktop GIS featuring ArcView : the geographic information system for everyone
World cartography
Esri Map Book. volume twenty-two. Volume twenty-three
Mapping it out : an alternative atlas of contemporary cartographies
Topographic instructions of the United States Geological Survey. Geographic names : instructions for obtaining, verifying, and selecting names to be used on Geological Survey topographic maps; an explanation of the procedures for proposing new names and for resolving conflicts in name usage
Spatial information for land use management
Atlas historique du golfe Persique (XVIe-XVIIIe siècles) = Historical atlas of the Persian Gulf (sixteenth to eighteenth centuries)
Describes the lives and inspirations of several important mapmakers throughout history, such as Cheng Ho, Captain James Cook, and Phyllis Pearsall, and includes map reproductions.
Mapping the landscape : essays on art and cartography
HyperCities : thick mapping in the digital humanities
The atlas Blaeu - van der Hem of the Austrian National Library. Vol. 7, The world of a seventeenth-century collector : atlas Blaeu - van der Hem
Plant and vegetation mapping
The mysteries of the Marco Polo maps
The road to there : mapmakers and their stories
Tooley's dictionary of mapmakers
Symposium : mathematical processing of cartographic data (Tallinn, December 18-19, 1979) : summaries
Thematic cartography and transformations
Framework for the world
Cartography : visualization of spatial data
Map projection transformation : principles and applications
Mapping the world : the story of cartography
Literary territories : cartographical thinking in late antiquity
Route-mapping and position-locating in unexplored regions
Map of a nation : A Biography of the Ordnance Survey
Off the map : lost space, feral places and invisible cities and what they tell us about the world
Map projections : a reference manual
LANDSAT II over New Zealand: monitoring our resources from space : The final report of the New Zealand LANDSAT II investigation
The British Library companion to maps and mapmaking
The history of cartography. Volume six, Cartography in the twentieth century. Part 2
A.E. Nordenskiöld collection included in the Unesco Memory
Geospatial free and open source software in the 21st century : proceedings of the first Open Source Geospatial Research Symposium, OGRS 2009
Exploring spatial scale in geography
Mapping wild gardens : the symbolic conquest of South Africa
The printed maps of Ireland 1612-1850
Where you are : a book of maps that will leave you feeling completely lost
International journal of remote sensing
On the map : why the world looks the way it does
Second United Nations Regional Cartographic Conference for the Americas, Mexico City, 3-14 September 1979 = Seconde Conférence Cartographique Régionale des Nations Unies pour l'Amérique, Mexico, 3-14 septembre 1979 = Segunda Conferencia Cartografica Regional de las Naciones Unidas para Americas, Ciudad de México, 3-14 de septiembre de 1979. Vol. 2, Technical papers = Communications techniques = Documentos técnicos
Deep maps and spatial narratives
Landmarks of mapmaking : an illustrated survey of maps and mapmaking
Various types of boundaries crisscross the Finnish territory. Aside the politicoadministrative boundaries of the Finnish state, there are technical-logistical barriers and cultural, socio-spatial, and economic divisions. The main tendency has, however, been the increasing contingency in relation to their location and stability. Some of these boundaries may overlap and therefore strengthen each other, others can hardly be mapped due to their fuzziness. This article provides an introduction to the recent changes of the boundaries of Finland.
Glossary of technical terms in cartography
Mapping : ways of representing the world
The mariner's astrolabe : a survey of know, surviving sea atrolabes
Topographic instructions of the United States Geological Survey. Book 4, Color-separation scribing : instructions for preparing topographic map manuscripts for multicolor printing by scribing on coates plastic sheets
The Map Reader : Theories of Mapping Practice and Cartographic Representation
Maps have always been at the heart of human knowledge. Whether they chart a newly discovered land or lay out a complicated process, maps serve to improve our understanding of what surrounds us. Maps make the complex simple, and reveal the complexity behind the apparently simple. Mapping It Out invites artists, architects, writers, and designers, geographers, mathematicians, computer pioneers, scientists, and others from a host of fields to create a personal map of their own, in whatever form and showing whatever terrain they choose, whether real-world or imaginary. Over 130 contributors are represented, including Yoko Ono, Louise Bourgeois, Damien Hirst, David Adjaye, Ed Ruscha, Alexander Kluge, and many more. Some contributors have translated scientific data into simplified visual language, while others have condensed vast social, political, or natural forms into concise diagrams. There are reworked existing maps, alternate views of reality, charted imaginary flights of fancy, and the occasional rejection of a traditional map altogether.--Provided by publisher.
Hanguk gojido = Old maps of Korea
Maps of the ancient sea kings : evidence of advanced civilization in the ice age
Everything sings : maps for a narrative atlas
Database issues in geographic information systems
Geographic indexing and data management for 3D-visualisation
Mapping the Germans : statistical science, cartography, and the visualization of the German nation, 1848-1914
Thematische Kartographie
Map use and analysis
Geoenvironmental mapping : methods, theory and practice
The history of cartography. Vol. 1, Cartography in prehistoric, ancient, and medieval Europe and the Mediterranean
Exploring geographic information systems
Renaissance ethnography and the invention of the human : new worlds, maps and monsters
London : a life in maps
Two cartographers : Gudbrandur Thorláksson and Thordur Thoráksson
Abraham Ortelius (1527-1598) life, works, sources and friends
Scandinavian Summer Course in Cartography : 10.-16. June 1989.
Basic cartography : for students and technicians : exercise manual
Mapping medieval geographies : geographical encounters in the Latin west and beyond
Who's who in the history of cartography : an international directory of current research in the history of cartography : (D7), 1992
Cartographic encounters : perspectives on Native American mapmaking and map use
Historical maps of Europe
Map generalization : making rules for knowledge representation
Fourteenth United Nations Regional Cartographic Conference for Asia and the Pacific, Bangkok, 3-7 February 1997 : Economic and Social Council official records, 1997. Report of the Conference
Thinking about GIS : geographic information system planning for managers
Advances in cartography
Twelfth United Nations Regional Cartographic Conference for Asia and the Pacific, Bangkok, 20-28 February 1991 = Douzième conférence cartographique régionale des Nations Unies pour l'Asie et le Pacifique, Bangkok, 20-28 février 1991. Vol. 2, Technical papers = Communications techniques
Human cartography : mapping the world of man
Fundamentals of geographic information systems
The mismapping of America
Mapping the historical sense of Finland
Map worlds : a history of women in cartography
The history of cartography. Vol. 2, Book 2, Cartography in the traditional East and Southeast Asian societies
Mr. Selden's map of China : the spice trade, a lost chart and the South China Sea
Erikson, Eskimos & Columbus : medieval European knowledge of America
Web cartography : map design for interactive and mobile devices
Mapping Virginia : from the age of exploration to the Civil War
The boundaries of Finland in transition
The map design toolbox : time-saving templates for graphic design
Evolving nationalism : homeland, identity, and religion in Israel, 1925-2005
Timothy Brook's award-winning Vermeer's Hat unfolded the early history of globalization, using Vermeer's paintings to show how objects like beaver hats and porcelain bowls began to circulate around the world. Now he plumbs the mystery of a single artifact that offers new insights into global connections centuries old.In 2009, an extraordinary map of China was discovered in Oxford's Bodleian Library--where it had first been deposited 350 years before, then stowed and forgotten for nearly a century. Neither historians of China nor cartography experts had ever seen anything like it. It was so odd that experts would have declared it a fake-- yet records confirmed it had been delivered to Oxford in 1659. The "Selden Map," as it is known, was a puzzle that needing solving. Brook, a historian of China, set out to explore the riddle. His investigation will lead readers around this elegant, enigmatic work of art, and from the heart of China, via the Southern Ocean, to the court of King James II. In the story of Selden's map, he reveals for us the surprising links between an English scholar and merchants half a world away, and offers novel insights into the power and meaning that a single map can hold. Brook delivers the same anecdote-rich narrative, intriguing characters, and unexpected historical connections that made Vermeer's Hat an instant classic.
Ninth United Nations Regional Cartographic Conference for Asia and the Pacific : Wellington, 11-12 February 1980 = Neuvième conférence cartographique régionale des Nations Unies pour l'Asie et le Pacifique : Wellington, 11-22 février 1980. Vol. 2, Technical papers = Communications techniques
Understanding GIS : the ARC/INFO method
Social cartographies of internationalization of higher education in Canada:a study of exceptionalist tendencies and articulations
Thirteenth United Nations Regional Cartographic Conference for Asia and the Pacific, Beijing, 9-18 May 1994 : Economic and Social Council official records, 1994. Vol. 1, Report of the Conference
Thematic cartography and geographic visualization
The finest illustrated maps of Hungary,1528-1895
Fifteenth United Nations Regional Cartographic Conference for Asia and the Pacific, Kuala Lumpur, 11-14 April 2000 : Economic and Social Council official records, 2000.. Report of the Conference
Making maps : a visual guide to map design for GIS
Chinese maps : images of 'all under heaven'
Terra cognita : maailma tulee tunnetuksi = kännedomen om världen ökar = discovering the world
Sea monsters : a voyage around the world's most beguiling map
Mapping skills and spatial reasoning tasks
Introduction to geographic information systems
The marvel of maps : art, cartography and politics in Renaissance Italy
Imaginary cartographies : possession and identity in late medieval Marseille
The cartographic state : Maps, territory and the origins of sovereignty
GPS positioning and desktop mapping : applications to environmental monitoring
Advances in digital terrain analysis / Qiming Zhou, Brian Lees, Guo-an Tang (Eds.)
Cartography and the impact of the quantitative revolution
Body-worlds : Opicinus de Canistris and the medieval cartographic imagination
The power of maps
The map as art : contemporary artists explore cartography
Cartography : thematic map design
Formalization of cartographic knowledge using an expert system shell
Mapping the world
How to lie with maps
The story of maps : putting the world in perspective
Across Asia from West to East in 1906-1908
Geographical information systems and computer cartography
Proceedings of the 16th International Cartographic Conference Cologne/Köln 3-9 May 1993, Volume 1
The fidelity of isopleth maps : an experimental study
The mapmakers
Lafreri : Italian cartography in the Renaissance
The mapping of power in Renaissance Italy : painted cartographic cycles in social and intellectual context
Clash of histories in the South Caucasus : redrawing the map of Azerbaijan, Armenia and Iran
Minority toponyms on maps : the rendering of linguistic minority toponyms on topographic maps of Western Europe
Ptolemy's maps of Northern Europe
Rectification of difital images for remote sensing analysis
The nature of maps : essays toward understanding maps and mapping
Techniques in map analysis
The spacious word : cartography, literature, and empire in early modern Spain
Mapping Greece, 1420-1800 : a history maps in the Margarita Samourkas Collection
Second United Nations Regional Cartographic Conference for the Americas, Mexico City, 3-14 September 1979. Vol. 1, Report of the conference
The shorter science and civilisation in China. Volume 2 : Volume 3 and a section of volume 4, part 1 of the major series : mathematics : astronomy : meteorology : geography & map-making : geology & related sciences : physics (excluding elecricity & magnetism): an abridgement of Joseph Needham's original text
Twelfth United Nations Regional Cartographic Conference for Asia and the Pacific : Bangkok, 20-28 February 1991. Vol. 1, Report of the Conference
The history of cartography. Volume six, Cartography in the twentieth century. Part 1
The Map Design Toolbox is a shortcut for all mapmakers. It provides inspiration and a DVD with 640 ready-to-go vector files of not only continents, countries, and cities, but also compass roses, landmark buildings, place names, rivers, trees, and much more. These tools ensure that you can concentrate on the content and look of your map right away. This book compiles a selection of visually inspiring maps, as well as a wide range of individual components for creating legends and sets of icons related to themes including transportation, sports, and vacation. With its wide range of practical graphic templates The Map Design Toolbox provides time-saving groundwork for creating compelling maps of any kind.
On the edge : mapping North America's coasts
