http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10762 standard of living
standard of living
Social welfare spending : accounting for changes from 1950 to 1978
The measurement of consumers' expenditure and behaviour in the United Kingdom 1920-1938. Vol. 1
Living standards and changing expectations : investigating domestic necessity and environmental sustainability in an affluent society
Toys for boys. Volume 2
Transforming unjust structures : the capability approach
Microfranchising : creating wealth at the bottom of the pyramid
Readings in social welfare : theory and policy
Wages, cost of living and national income in Sweden 1860-1930. Vol. 2, part I
Services & quality of life in rural villages in the former Soviet Union : data from 1991 & 1993 surveys
Sweden : transfers and programs : an institutional social policy against the life cycle of poverty
Standard of living : the concept and its place in economics
Enhancing socio-economic policies in the least developed countries of Asia
The great surge : the ascent of the developing world
On measuring and planning the quality of life
The Baltic countries revisited : Living conditions and comparative challenges : The NORBALT living conditions project
Pocket world in figures : 2007 edition
Poor Britain
Poverty, inequality and the Finnish 1860s famine
Living conditions in Europe : statistical pocketbook
The state of the U.S.A. atlas : the changing face of American life in maps and graphics
The poor and the poorest : a new analysis of the ministry of labour's family expenditure surveys of 1953-54 and 1960
Economic welfare in the Soviet Union : poverty, living standards and inequality
Socio-economic security in the context of pervasive poverty : a case study of India
Regional differences in the level of living in four Western European countries
Economics for pleasure
The standard of living in England 1700-1900
Long-term growth and welfare in transitional economies : the impact of demographic, investment and social policy changes
Poverty & household economic strategies in Malaysian new villages
Level of living of immigrants in Sweden : a comparison of male and female immigrants from Finland and Yugoslavia with Swedes in same age and occupational groups
When we feel that we aren't enough, or that we aren't good enough, we also fear that we'll never have enough. Money. We love it. We hate it. If we don't have enough, we're struggling to get more. If we do have it, we're fighting to hold on to it. Why does money have to be such a source of anxiety? Is it possible to find a balance? Yes! According to integrative life coach Nancy Levin, the real key to creating financial freedom isn't changing what we do, it's changing how we feel--and that requires more than just learning how to invest. In Worthy, Nancy makes an essential, eye-opening connection: the state of our net worth is a direct reflection of our self-worth. Then she shows us how to get to the root of the problem and do the internal work that's needed to replace feelings of unworthiness with a stronger sense of our own value. Filled with inspiring real-life stories and thought-provoking questions and answers, her 10-step plan helps us to: Get real about the money issues we face every day; Examine the excuses we use to avoid creating the life we really want; Be willing to see ourselves as worthy of abundance in all its forms; Take back our financial power--and watch amazing things start to happen. Whether we're looking for financial ease or a new relationship with money and ourselves, Worthy will give us the tools to clear the path for wholeness, fulfillment, and richness in all areas of our lives, not just in our bank accounts.
Well-being in Finland: A comparison of municipalities and residential differentiation in two cities
Structural adjustment and intersectoral shifts in Tanzania : a computable general equilibrium analysis
America comes of age : a French analysis
Økonomiens betydning for uafhængighed og integritet i alderdommen
The millionaire next door : the surprising secrets of America's wealthy
Global threats, global futures : living with declining living standards
Economic poverty in Finland
The divide : American injustice in the age of the wealth gap
Abstract (1 s.).
Escape from poverty : what makes a difference for children ?
High global food prices : crisis or opportunity for smallholder farmers in Ethiopia, Malawi and Tanzania
Economic factors in the making of Pakistan (1921-1947)
The concept standard of life
The process of pauperization in groups at a high risk of deprivation : extension of the transnational study on persistent poverty, Commission of the European Communities, contract 800263
"Even as its rise as a nuclear power unfolds on the nightly news, North Korea remains arguably the most mysterious country in the world. This groundbreaking study offers the first comprehensive examination of the social and economic history of North Korea from its founding in 1948 to the present day"--Provided by publisher.
The blight of Christian Dalits : a South Indian case study
Living on the edge : a study of the living standards of families on benefit in tyne & wear
Latvia entering the XXIst century : economics, integration, finance 2000
Science and economic development : new patterns of living
Mode of life and living standards of Russian population in 1989-2009 : report
Slightly over one billion people on the planet live on a dollar a day. While the reasons for their poverty may be different across geographic regions and political circumstances, the results are much the same. Extreme poverty robs people of options in life, and the cycle is nearly impossible to break without help. While the poor often work very hard at jobs many of us would not even consider doing, not having access to basic health care and education keeps them at the bottom of the economic ladder, usually for generations. Living on a Dollar a Day shares the personal stories of some these poorest of the poor, honoring their lives, their struggles, and encouraging action in those who can help. In making this beautiful and moving book a team traveled to four continents, took thousands of photographs, conducted numerous interviews, and researched information on the agencies around the world that strive to help the destitute. The resulting stories and photographs offer a heartrending glimpse into the everyday realities of individuals and families facing extreme poverty. Personal profiles give voice to their experience, and research about the root causes of global poverty is shared along with information on how those in more fortunate circumstances can get involved.
Welfare trends in the Scandinavian countries
How we live : an economic perspective on Americans from birth to death
Escaping the poverty trap : lessons from Asia
Income distribution policies and economic growth in semiindustrialized countries : a comparative study of Iran, Mexico, Brazil, and South Korea
Out of the ashes : Britain after the riots
Urban livelihoods and food and nutrition security in Greater Accra, Ghana
Social indicators : the EU and social inclusion
Social indicators are an important tool for evaluating a country's level of social development and for assessing the impact of policy. Such indicators are already in use in investigating poverty and social exclusion in several European countries and have begun to play a significant role in advancing the social dimension of the European Union as a whole. The purpose of this book is to make a scientific contribution to the development of social indicators for the purposes of European policy-making. It considers the principles underlying the construction of policy-relevant indicators, the definition of indicators, and the issues that arise in their implementation, including that of the statistical data required. It seeks to bring together theoretical and methodological methods in the measurement of poverty/social exclusion with the empirical practice of social policy. The experience of Member States is reviewed, including an assessment of the National Action Plans on Social Inclusion submitted for the first time in June 2001 by the fifteen EU governments. The key areas covered by the book are poverty, including its intensity and persistence, income inequality, non-monetary deprivation, low educational attainment, unemployment, joblessness, poor health, poor housing and homelessness, functional illiteracy and innumeracy, and restricted social participation. In each case, the book assesses the strengths and weaknesses of different indicators relevant to social inclusion in the European Union, and makes recommendations for the indicators to be employed. Indicators for Social Inclusion in the European Union is being published at a critical stage in the evolution of the social agenda of the European Union. It is hoped that the report will play a role in widening public debate about the social dimension of Europe and that it will be of value to the social partners, to non-governmental and grass roots organizations, and to those living in poverty and social exclusion. It seeks to provide both a constructive background document at a crucial juncture in the evolution of the social dimension of the European Union and a reference work of continuing value.
Horizontal equity, uncertainty, and economic well-being
How to be rich
The rich : from slaves to super-yachts : a 2000-year history
Distribution of income : east and west
Welfare, level of living and lifestyle in different socio-economic settings : an inter-German study
Living standard in the Estonian SSR
Wealth, poverty and welfare
On measuring welfare
A socioeconomic history of North Korea
Wages, cost of living and national income in Sweden 1860-1930. Vol. 2, part II
Quality of life : social goals and measurement : summary of a study of social indicators
Feminization of poverty and its economic determinants
The death of inflation : surviving and thriving in the zero era
Postindustrial peasants : the illusion of middle-class prosperity
Making ends meet in contemporary Russia : secondary employment, subsidiary agriculture, and social networks
Wages, cost of living and national income in Sweden 1860-1930. Vol. 3, part II
Low-cost living : live better, spend less
The change of the level of living in Finland in 1910-1965
After the end of history : the curious fate of American materialism
Myths of rich & poor : why we're better off than we think
The effects of international remittances on poverty, inequality, and development in rural Egypt
Descriptions of inequality : the Swedish approach to welfare research
Access to credit and its impact on welfare in Malawi
The nature and purpose of the measurement of social phenomena
Social welfare & social development in South Africa
How the other half lives : studies among the tenements of New York
Understanding global issues : the facts behind the news. 1999, 10 : The new China : joining the wider world
Mixed economies of welfare : a comparative perspective
Competitiveness and business environment in Finland : an international benchmarking
Economics and the public purpose
Amenity levels in Finnish farmhouses in 1969
Changes in the standard of living, connected with aging and retirement : comparative perspective (USA, Germany, Russia)
Past or present? : childhood living conditions and current socioeconomic status as determinants of adult health
Coastliners
From Tzintzuntzan to the "image of limited good" : essays in honor of George M. Foster
The economics of social security
Debates on the measurement of global poverty
Handbook of families & poverty
Living conditions in Latvia : Improved living standards do not concern all
Freedom of choice : concept and content
Education and welfare : some findings from the Scandinavian survey
Labour, life and poverty
Generating inequality
The economics of welfare
British social welfare : past, present and future
Different methods - different results? : approaches to multidimensional poverty
Sociodemographic studies of fertility and divorce in Norway with emphasis on the importance of economic factors
Pocket world in figures : 2010 edition
Bees and their role in forest livelihoods : a guide to the services provided by bees and the sustainable harvesting, processing and marketing of their products
Economic principles of consumption
Literature, money, and the market : from Trollope to Amis
Luxury fever : money and happiness in an era of excess
Economics, peace and laughter, a contemporary guide : essays
Inequality : What everyone needs to know
Identifying the poor : using subjective and consensual measures
The creation and development of social welfare in the Nordic countries
And the mountains echoed
Tearing down the curtain, opening the gates : Northern boundaries in change
Years of poverty, years of plenty : the changing economic fortunes of American workers and families
The Baltic states - successful transition in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania
Living standards during an economic boom : the case of Vietnam
Hitting home : feminist ethics, women's work, and the betrayal of "family values"
Wage and income effects on the timing and spacing of births in Sweden and the United States
Everyday life & consumer culture in 18th-century Damascus
Intergenerational income distribution : report of the Working Group on Intergenerational Income Distribution
Level of living and industrialisation : a study on the cumulation of level of living components and on the societal factors affeting level of living in western Europe
Exodus : immigration and multiculturalism in the 21st century
The missing class : portraits of the near poor in America
Paradigm wars : indigenous peoples' resistance to globalization
Living on a dollar a day : the lives and faces of the world's poor
Invisible hands? : the role and status of the painter's journeyman in the Low Countries c. 1450-c. 1650
The new rich in Asia : mobile phones, McDonald's and middle-class revolution
Successful family life on the moderate income : its foundation in a fair start
Product portfolio management over horizontal and vertical portfolios
Testing different hypotheses of household decision making with the Finnish household expenditure survey
Consumption in the age of affluence : the world of food
Developmental impact of rural infrastructure in Bangladesh
Rural poverty alleviation by integrating women into the workforce : the case of the Grameen Bank in Bangladesh
Avoiding the risk factors of non-communicable diseases
The social progress of nations
Empirical poverty research in a comparative perspective
World population monitoring 1999 : population growth, structure and distribution
Buddha on Wall Street : what's wrong with capitalism and what we can do about it
Essays on institutions and the other deep determinants of economic development
Differences in well-being are examined at two regional levels. First, variations in well-being are studied based on municipal statistics by three indices that represent different aspects of life. The examination shows that the most problematic areas are in eastern and northern Finland. Second, residential differentiation is examined in two metropolitan areas, Helsinki and Tampere, through two variables: families with children and residents with university education. Metropolitan Helsinki is divided into socially distinctive residential areas. Low levels of education and the threat of unemployment concentrate in the northern and eastern parts of the city. Such clear socio-economic differentiation cannot be found in Metropolitan Tampere.
Wages, cost of living and national income in Sweden 1860-1930. Vol. 3, part I
The Mediterranean in the age of globalization : migration, welfare & borders
Level of living of forest workers in Finland
The world textile industry : economic and social problems. Volume 1.
Life is a little better : redistribution as a development strategy in Nadur Village, Kerala
An updated indicator system: having, loving, being
The right to useful unemployment and its professional enemies
Social welfare in a world in crisis : perceptions and responsibilities : the 22nd International Conference on Social Welfare, Montreal, Canada, August 5-11, 1984
National development plans and the standard of living in Black Africa : the Zambian case
A more equitable world without poverty : report
Rice market liberalization and poverty in Viet Nam
Fighting poverty : what works and what doesn't
Redesigning distribution : basic income and stakeholder grants as alternative cornerstones for a more egalitarian capitalism
Living standards and the wealth of nations : successes and failures in real convergence
The great escape : health, wealth, and the origins of inequality
On the measurement of poverty : conceptual issues and estimation problems
Working-class life : the "American standard" in comparative perspective 1899-1913
Caricatures of Americans on the English stage prior to 1870
Level of living in flow terms on different regional levels
Worthy : boost your self-worth to grow your net worth
Classics in anthropometric history
The world textile industry : economic and social problems. Volume 2.
The loss of happiness in market democracies
Peruvian street lives : culture, power, and economy among market women of Cuzco
The family in the American economy
Why we can't afford the rich
Wages, cost of living and national income in Sweden 1860-1930. Vol. 1, The cost of living in Sweden 1830-1930
