http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10731 biobanks
biobanks
Revealing privacy : debating the understandings of privacy
The ethics of research biobanking
Country report on farm animal genetic resources
Privacy, confidentiality, and health research
Introduction to genomics
Guidelines for molecular analysis in archive tissues
Business models for Finnish biobanks : exploring commercial possiblities and barriers of biobanks
Surveillance of tissue establishments in Finland
Abstract (s. 9).
Ethical issues of human genetic databases : a challenge to classical health research ethics?
Biobanks : governance in comparative perspective
Technologies to maintain biological diversity
Conservation of plant genes. 2, Utilization of ancient and modern DNA
Calculating life. : nation, nature, and the nativisation of nonhuman genetics
Biobank, information technology tools and the transformation of collective childhood diabetes research in Finland : research plan
Biobanking in the 21st century
Conservation of biodiversity for sustainable development
Consent practices and biomedical knowledge production in tissue economies
Abstract.
Political ecology of environmental conservation and regional development in the Sierra Nevada De Santa Marta
Plant breeding reviews. 7, The national plant germplasm system of the United States
Setting a dangerous precedent? : ethical issues in human genetic database research
Finland on a road towards a modern legal biobanking infrastucture
New technology increases the need for supervision
The governance of genetic information : who decides?
Bank 2.0 : how customer behaviour and technology will change the future of financial services
American principles, European values and the mezzanine rules of ethical genetic databanking
Genetic resources in agriculture : a summary of the projects co-financed under Council Regulation (EC) no. 1467/94
Local cattle breeds in Europe : development of policies and strategies for self-sustaining breeds
Biobanks - integration of human information to improve health : report / by Stefan Nobel
New challenges for biobanks : ethics, law, and governance
Business models for Finnish biobanks : exploring commercial possibilities and barriers of biobanks
The ABC and the ethnic minorities : insider - outsider interactions viewed through grounded theory based learning process
From fundamental genomics to systems biology : understanding the book of life
A guide to effective management of germplasm collections
Protection of traditional knowledge associated with genetic resources : the role of databases and registers
Access and rights to genetic resources : a Nordic approach
Understanding neoliberalism as governmentality : a case study of the IMF and World Bank structural adjustment regime in Ghana
"The potential of the e-health revolution, increased data sharing, database linking, biobanks and new techniques such as geolocation and genomics to advance human health is immense. For the full potential to be realized, though, privacy and confidentiality will have to be dealt with carefully. Problematically, many conventional approaches to such pivotal matters as consent, identifiability, and safeguarding and security are inadequate. In many places, research is impeded by an overgrown thicket of laws, regulations, guidance and governance. The challenges are being heightened by the increasing use of biospecimens, and by the globalization of research in a world that has not globalized privacy protection. Drawing on examples from many developed countries and legal jurisdictions, the book critiques the issues, summarizes various ethics, policy, and legal positions (and revisions underway), describes innovative solutions, provides extensive references and suggests ways forward"--Provided by publisher.
The ethics and governance of human genetic databases : European perspectives
First the seed : the political economy of plant biotechnology, 1492-2000
Sustainable solutions for modern economies
Comparative federalism : the European Union and the United States in comparative perspective
Attitudes towards biomedical use of tissue sample collections, consent, and biobanks among Finns
Transfusion and Transplantation Science
The central aims of the Convention on Human Rights and Biomedicine, and legal implications in Finland
