http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1072 shipbuilding
shipbuilding
Queen Mary 2 : the birth of a legend
Basic naval architecture
Fatigue of all metal sandwich panels : application for cruise ship longitudinal bulkhead and decks
Designing an environmental performance indicator for shipbuilding and ship dismantling : project ECO-EFFI final report
Ships and naval architecture : (S.I. units)
The shorter science and civilisation in China. Volume 3 : A section of volume 4, part 3 of the major series : discovery of the magnetic compass : ships and shipbuilding : voyages and discoveries : navigation : propulsion and steering : techniques of peace and war afloat: an abridgement of Joseph Needham's original text
Ship and aircraft fairing and development : for draftsmen and loftsmen and sheet metal workers
Building the Crosby Catboat
HMS Victory : classic ships no 1 : their history and how to model them
Twentyfour7 : Wärtsilä quarterly magazine
Why Wasa capsized
Ship welding handbook
The business of shipbuilding
Manual of ship construction : the fundamental principles of naval architecture for the operating personnel of the merchant service, particularly those who are, or desire to become, officers
On the wave induced motions of ships
Torsion of non-prismatic beam girders with special applications to open ships
Significant ships of 2010
Merchant ships : British built 1952
Elements of ship design
To buil a ship : the VOC replica ship Duyfken
Designs 12 : presentation of all new ferry, cruise and ro-ro prototypes delivered July 1, 2011 - June 30, 2012.
Shippax designs 15 : presentation of most new ferry, cruise and ro-ro prototypes delivered July 1, 2014 - June 30, 2015 : theme: Fior di Levante, Loire Princesse, Quantum of the Seas, Viking Star
Finland's marine industries picking up speed
Shipbuilding - ship screw propellers - manufactoring tolerances. Part 2. Propellers of diameter between 0,80 and 2,50 m.
Naval architecture
Rosyth : The Building of a Royal Naval Dockyard 1903-1922
Ships and shipping of tomorrow
Know your own ship : the construction, stability, loading, trim, tonnage and freeboard of ships, simply explained for deck officers, superintendents, engineers and designers; with a fully worked-out set of the usual ship calculations from drawings
Marine propulsion conference 2000.
Finnish marine technology is top-notch
Maritime heritage of Singapore
Designs 01 : ferry, cruise & ro-ro newbuilding yearbook
Craft, class and control : the sociology of a shipbuilding community
Selected papers from the journal of The Society of Naval Architects of Japan. Vol. 8, Strenght, construction
Ships of the Pharaohs : 4000 years of Egyptian shipbuilding : drawings by the author
Designs 10 : presentation of all new ferry, cruise and ro-ro prototypes delivered july 1, 2009 - june 30, 2010.
Naval architecture: examples and theory : comprising 100 worked examples and 420 problems covering branches of the subject used by naval architects, draughtsmen, and apprentices in their design- and drawing-offices
Industrial automation systems and integration : product data representation and exchange. Part 216, Application protocol : ship moulded forms
Designs 97 : the annual passenger ship presentation
Yacht interior construction
Art takes an extra step on the Summit
Applied naval architecture
Basic ship theory
Report on foreign shipbuilding subsides
Distinguished liners from the Shipbuilder. Vol. 2, 1907-1914
International Conference on Computer Applications in Shipbuilding: 24-26 September 2013, Busan, Korea (ICCAS 2013). Volume 3
The book of the ship : an exhaustive pictorial and factual survey of world ships, shipping, and shipbuilding
The law of shipbuilding contracts
Building a little ship
Model-based tracking initialization in ship building environment
Mermaid makes a comeback
Designs 98 : the annual ship presentation
Added resistance experiments for a ship with blunt bow in short waves
Boatbuilding manual
Distinguished liners from the Shipbuilder. Vol. 1, 1906-1914
The tug book
Environmental legislation and regulations of shipbuilding : case Finland and Spain
Notes on ship slamming
Practical marine engineering
How wooden ships are built : a practical treatise on modern American wooden ship construction with a supplement on laying off wooden vessels
Market Research on the Turkish Shipbuilding Industry : case: Koskisen Oy
Naval engineers look on the FEC-concept and other VLFS-structures
Capt. Nat Herreshoff, the wizard of Bristol : the life and achievements of Nathanael Greene Herreshoff, together with an account of some of the Yachts he designed
Merchant ship construction : especially written for the merchant navy
Designs 00 : the annual ship presentation
Tanker practice : the construction, operation and maintenance of tankers
Selected papers from the journal of The Society of Naval Architects of Japan. Vol. 2, Strength, vibration, materials, welding, noise measurement, construction
Ships and marine engines. Vol. 2, Resistance, propulsion and steering of ships : a manual for designing hull forms, propellers and rudders
World shipbuilding statistics
Shipbuilding - ship screw propellers - manufactoring tolerances. Part 1. Propellers of diameter greater than 2,50 m.
Designs 09 : presentation of all new ferry, cruise and ro-ro prototypes delivered july 1, 2008 - june 30, 2009.
International Conference on Computer Applications in Shipbuilding: 24-26 September 2013, Busan, Korea (ICCAS 2013). Volume 2
Down Elswick slipways : Armstrong's ships and people, 1884-1918
Principles of naval architecture. 2 / Volume two
Small craft - rigging screws for stainless steel wire rope - principal dimensions for forks, connection pins and eye-holes = Navires de plaisance - ridoirs pour câbles en acier inoxydable - dimensions principales des chapes, axes et attaches
Selected papers from the journal of The Society of Naval Architects of Japan. Vol. 5, Strenght, vibration, welding, construction
Ships and the sea : a chronological review
To build a ship : The Voc Replica ship
Selected papers from the journal of The Society of Naval Architects of Japan. Vol. 10, Strenght, construction, vibration, fitting
The happy ship : DOF highlights over 25 years 1981 - 25 - 2006
Principles of naval architecture. Vol. 3, Motions in waves and controllability
Elements of yacht design
The seventy-four gun ship : a practical treatise on the art of naval architecture. Vol. 2, Fitting out the hull
Fjord ferries are built in Poland
Safety, health and environmental manual for shipbuilding and offshore industry 2008
Design charts for the propulsive performances of high speed cargo liners
Lake Ship Yard methods of steel ship construction
Turn key on refurbishments
European shipyards are fighting for their lives
Shippax designs 16 : presentation of most new ferry, cruise and ro-ro prototypes delivered July 1, 2015 - June 30, 2016 : theme: AIDAprima
Ship construction
Merchant vessel bridge lay-out
Professional boatbuilder magazine
Reed's steam engineering knowledge for marine engineers
Basic ship theory. Volume 2, Ship dynamics and design : chapters 10 to 16
Finland's Napa Valley is located in Helsinki
Principles of naval architecture. Vol. 1, Stability and strength
Dictionary of marine technology
Principles of naval architecture. 1 / Volume one
Finnyards fighting skills shortage
Farcus designs fun ships
Significant ships of 2014
Designs 05 : ferry, cruise & ro-ro newbuilding yearbook
Ships and marine engines. Vol. 3 A, Practical shipbuilding : a manual for the construction of sea-going merchant ships and war-ships
Modular cabins : hundred of parts, a hundred companies
Designs 02 : ferry, cruise & ro-ro newbuilding yearbook
Principles of naval architecture. Vol. 2, Resistance, propulsion and vibration
Industrial automation systems and integration : product data representation and exchange. Part 218, Application protocol : ship structures
Theory of naval architecture
Finnish shipbuilding : from east to west
HMS Victory : her construction, career and restoration
Significant ships of 2011
Selected papers from the journal of The Society of Naval Architects of Japan. Vol. 11.
Rees's naval  architecture (1819-20) : the cyclopaedia, or, universal dictionary of arts, sciences and literature
Selected papers from the journal of The Society of Naval Architects of Japan. Vol. 6, Turbine, boiler, diesel engine, shafting and propeller
English shipbuilding dictionary
Model ships and their construction : a practical guide to the craft of historical shipmodelling
Ships : from the archives of Harland & Wolff, the builders of the Titanic
The naval architect's and shipbuilder's pocket-book : formulae, rules and tables for marine engineers and surveyors
Industrial automation systems and integration : product data representation and exchange. Part 215, Application protocol : ship arrangement
21st annual marine propulsion conference : design, operate, maintain keeping ahead of today's marine propulsion issues
Designs 08 : presentation of all new ferry, cruise and ro-ro prototypes delivered july 1, 2007 - june 30, 2008.
Finns back from the dead
Introduction to naval architecture
Designs 07 : ferry, cruise & ro-ro newbuilding yearbook
Rigging period ship models : a step-by-step guide to the intricacies of square-rig
Forum Marinum vuosikirja. 2012, Konepajalla : turkulaisen laivamoottorivalmistuksen historiaa = På motorverkstaden : tillverkningen av fartygsmotorer i Åbo = At the engine factory : the history of ship engine manufacturing in Turku
International Conference on Computer Applications in Shipbuilding: 24-26 September 2013, Busan, Korea (ICCAS 2013). Volume 1
Europe and the Far East come into focus
Building long-term customer relationships in service business : Suomen Hopealinja Oy
Fast sailing ships : their design and construction 1775-1875
Tribon component library
Designs 11 : presentation of all new ferry, cruise and ro-ro prototypes delivered July 1, 2010 - June 30, 2011.
Ship designers : creating ships for tomorrow
Pirate spares pose safety threat
Stiffness and strength testing of laser stake welds in steel sandwich panels
Principles of naval architecture
Stability and trim for the ship's officer
Designs 06 : ferry, cruise & ro-ro newbuilding yearbook
Titanic : death on the water
Selected papers from the journal of The Society of Naval Architects of Japan. Vol. 12.
RMS Titanic : 1909-12 (Olympic class) : an insight into design, construction and operation of the most famous passenger ship of all time
Numerical modelling of fluid-structure and structure-structure interaction in ship vibration
Safe hoist working
Turnkey principle for ship interiors
Shippax designs 14 : presentation of most new ferry, cruise and ro-ro prototypes delivered July 1, 2013 - June 30, 2014 : theme: ro-ro and ro-pax ships from Flensburger Shipbuilders
Investigation of two-dimensional transom waves using inviscid and viscous free-surface boundary conditions at model- and full-scale ship Reynolds numbers
The maritime industry R&D masterplan 1999
Low Walker yard list 1853-1947
Merchant ships : British built : vessels of 300 tons gross and over completed in 1953.
Selected papers from the journal of The Society of Naval Architects of Japan. Vol. 4, Resistance, propulsion, seakeeping, manoeuvering
Room and view
In-service inspections improve equipment standards
The log of the "Cutty Sark"
Uprated cranes reduce time in port
Designs 96 : the annual passenger ship presentation
Shakeout completed : Finland's shipbuilding industry looks with confidence to the new millennium
Significant ships of 2013
Designs 99 : the annual ship presentation
Basic ship theory 1 : Hydrostatics and strength
Ship design and construction : written by a group of authorities
Ship design, resistance and screw propulsion. Vol. 1, The design of ship forms and their resistance
Yacht and boat design : question & answers
The development of the rudder : a technological tale
Modern marine engineer's manual. Volume 2
Mechanics of ship grounding
Magic ships : life story of Colin Archer, 1832-1921 : and Sailing for pleasure
Design formulations for filled structural sandwich panels
Unstructured pressure-correction method based on triangle meshes
Marine Structures : Selected Topics, Examples and Problems : Volume 1 - Plate Bending
Ship fire safety engineering
Chinese shipbuilding continues its remarkable rise
