http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10725 attractiveness
attractiveness
Honey money : why attractiveness is the key to success
Countryside holidays in Finland. Part 2, Market study for Germany
"In 2010, pioneering sociologist Catherine Hakim shocked the world with a provocative new theory: In addition to the three recognized personal assets (economic, cultural, and social capital), each individual has a fourth asset-erotic capital-that he or she can, and should, use to advance within society. In this bold and controversial book, Hakim explores the applications and significance of erotic capital, challenging the disapproval meted out to women and men who use sex appeal to get ahead in life. Social scientists have paid little serious attention to these modes of personal empowerment, despite overwhelming evidence of their importance. In Erotic Capital, Hakim marshals a trove of research to show that rather than degrading those who employ it, erotic capital represents a powerful and potentially equalizing tool-one that we scorn only to our own detriment".
Body aesthetics
Finnish design - potential attraction for hotels?
Any man of mine
The body is a rich object for aesthetic inquiry. We aesthetically assess both our own bodies and those of others, and our felt bodily experiences—as we eat, have sex, and engage in other everyday activities—have aesthetic qualities. The body, whether depicted or actively performing, features centrally in aesthetic experiences of visual art, theatre, dance and sports. Body aesthetics can be a source of delight for both the subject and the object of the gaze. But aesthetic consideration of bodies also raises acute ethical questions: the body is deeply intertwined with one's identity and sense of self, and aesthetic assessment of bodies can perpetuate oppression based on race, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, size, and disability. Artistic and media representations shape how we see and engage with bodies, with consequences both personal and political. This volume contains sixteen original essays by contributors in philosophy, sociology, dance, disability theory, critical race studies, feminist theory, medicine, and law. Contributors take on bodily beauty, sexual attractiveness, the role of images in power relations, the distinct aesthetics of disabled bodies, the construction of national identity, the creation of compassion through bodily presence, the role of bodily style in moral comportment, and the somatic aesthetics of racialized police violence.
Constructing central europe tourism competitiveness
How to create chemistry with anyone : 75 ways to spark it fast and make it last
Brandwashed : tricks companies use to manipulate our minds and persuade us to buy
Accent and listening assessment : a validation study of the use of speakers with L2 accents on an academic English listening test
Tourism management
The thesis was carried out as a project. The objective was to attend and organize three different educational fairs for HAAGA-HELIA in Bulgaria, Germany and the Ukraine. The purpose of attending these events was to attract new students to the Porvoo Campus, the brand new building and concept of HAAGA-HELIA in Porvoo. The project consisted of arranging and representing HAAGA-HELIA in the different events. The thesis presents the planning before and after the fair and also evaluates the work of the project manager in the project.    As the events were arranged in Bulgaria, Germany and the Ukraine, it was necessary to travel to these countries in order to participate. The educational fairs took place in the last quarter of 2010. The main goal of the project was to attract students to apply to HAAGA-HELIA Porvoo Campus.     The Porvoo Campus was inaugurated in January 2011 and brings a whole new concept of teaching and learning to the small city of Porvoo. The building reunites two different universities of applied sciences and has an innovative design and architecture to help the students succeed in their careers.    Integrated marketing communications and the organization of a fair are the main parts of the theoretical framework. The author's comments and the sources found in literature give support to the practical part of the study that aims to work as a guide for future events attended by HAAGA-HELIA students.     Feedback of the project and an overview of the project manager's tasks are part of the conclusion. The events were really positive for HAAGA-HELIA and the branding of the new Porvoo Campus.
Effects of the environment, genes, gender, and age on body image
Universal principles of design : 100 ways to enhance usability, influence perception, increase appeal, make better design decisions, and teach through design
Introducing and promoting the new Porvoo Campus in educational fairs
Vocational education meets globalization
Countryside holidays in Finland. Part 3, Market study for Russia
The secret = Salaisuus
Current issues in international tourism development
How to create chemistry with anyone : spark it fast
The Secret - Salaisuus
Honey money : the power of erotic capital
Abstract.
How do business students as potential employees perceive employer attractiveness
The Power
Motives and factors affecting foreign direct investments in the Tampere region
Global tourist behavior
Content analysis of advertising appeals in print advertising : case Sweden
Young people's perceptions of the wood products industry : a relational view
Arctic Lights Phenomena as an Attraction in Finnish Lapland
The attraction of culturally diverse employees into Finnish MNCs : a study on Finnish and Asian individuals’ attraction towards recruitment advertisements
Magnetic metal : toward a model for satisfaction of education and career in vocational upper secondary education and training of machinery and metal technology in the Lahti region
Desire handles love handles : body dissatisfaction and disordered eating in androphilic and gynephilic men and women
Contemporary tourist behaviour : yourself and others as tourists
Essays on economic behavior, gender and strategic learning
Managing volunteers in tourism : attractions, destinations and events
The impact of culture on advertising appeals in mobile phone industry : a study of social video advertising in UK, Brasil, India and Poland
Entrepreneurial motivation factors: : A case study of students at the Universities of Applied Sciences in the Helsinki Metropolitan region with respect to place of origin
Summary and discussion.
Haven without a brand : Baltic Sea region seen by Asian students and professionals
Tourism : principles and practice
The secret
Magnet hospitals revisited : attraction and retention of professional nurses
The Secret : Salaisuus
Countryside holidays in Finland. Part 1, Market study for France
Tourist motivators and pull factors of Tampere : in co-operation with Visit Tampere
Foreign degree students of UAS Seinäjoki Business School: : Motives for choosing Finland and UAS Seinäjoki
The power
Advances in hospitality and leisure
