http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1071 shipyards
shipyards
Finnish shipbuilding in 2007.
New orders despite hard times : Finnish shipyards in 2002.
Safety, health and environmental manual for shipbuilding and offshore industry
Aker Finnyards : form product orientation to market orientation
Finnyards inks letter of intent for B&N paper ships
T. Mariotti : the shipbuilding surgeon that enjoys operating high class cruise ships
Finnish shipbuilding in 2008.
Low Walker yard list 1853-1947
Napa develops new Onboard niche
Abstract: Internal environmental audits in offshore fabrication yard's environmental management system.
Sembawang invests in technology
Elements of yacht design
Finnish shipbuilding in 2009.
Where to build & where to repair 1999
Service is our speciality
Patrol vessels converted and augmented with oil-combating gear
The Texas City disaster, 1947
Far-reaching development programme at Finnyards : boosting efficiency to the top European level
Covering up COSCO's 10,000 TEU tonnage
Winning contracts
Finland's offshore-facility builders believe in a new boom
Variety a speciality at Shin Kurushima group yards
German shipyards look benchmark projects
Finnish dockyards hoping for new ship orders
Living in a motion : user-centered concepting in public spaces of the cruise ship concept
Where to build & where to repair
Consolidation & competition in global shiprepair market
New orders help fatten up Finnyard's orderbook
Four ships ordered in side loader series
Tropical warmth in the Baltic
Jane's high-speed marine craft. 1992-93
Computer applications in the automation of shipyard operation and ship design, VII : proceedings of the IFIP TC5/WG 5.6 Seventh International Conference on Computer Applications in the Automation of Shipyard Operation and Ship Design, VII, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, 10-13 September, 1991
Masa-Yards nears a sale
Specialized in aluminium and steel vessels
Industry has undergone a rapid development
Several new orders for Aker Finnyards
Kvaerner Masa-Yards building luxury cruisers and icebreaking supply vessels
The "Hog Islanders" : the story of 122 American ships
IBC Code : international code for the construction and equipment of ships carrying dangerous chemicals in bulk with standards and guidelines relevant to the code
Finland receives welcome new orders for ships
Fire risk and its management in cruise vessel construction projects
Pricing decisions and activity-based costing in a manufacturing company
New landing crafts for the Finnish Navy
Basic design of newbuildings
Masa's chief leaves yard 'better off'
Stensby comeback
Russian carriers reinforce Uljanik's railferry reputation
Finnish ship equipment suppliers set out towards bigger units
ECO-ferry from Uki Workboat
Finnyards to build a new icebreaker for Finnish Maritime Administration
Ship production
Development of potential, international customer visits to Wärtsilä Turku factory
Windows open to France
The ships of our first century : The Effoa fleet 1883-1983
Environmental legislation and regulations of shipbuilding : case Finland and Spain
Comparison of house lighting dimming systems
Developing London's docklands : another great planning disaster?
European repairers take the difficult option
Moby Line's first ever newbuilding revolutionises the ferry world
For the first time : three floating production platforms under construction at Mäntyluoto
Staffan Herlin and Jorma Härkönen facing new challenges
Understanding value in the shipbuilding industry : a study of buyer and seller perceived value in business relationships
Build the ships
Fincantieri opens third shipyard for cruise ship production
Geared to perfection
Finnish shipbuilding : a tale of two yards
Market Research on the Turkish Shipbuilding Industry : case: Koskisen Oy
Kvaerner Masa-Yards : delivery of the largest cruise vessel in the world
Twentyfour7 : Wärtsilä quarterly magazine
London's docks
Short delivery times in Finnish shipbuilding
Logistic of revitalization project
Port operation and administration
Safety, health and environmental manual for shipbuilding and offshore industry 2008
High-speed catamarans for passenger ferries next decade
The maritime cluster in the Baltic Sea region and beyond
The aim was to study an implementation of a new rule of authorities at Aker yards and to propose a new way of implementing the new rules. However, when it was discovered that an organized way of the implementation did not exist, a new way was created during the implementation process. The new rule of the authorities was studied, an interpretation was made and based on the interpretation, instructions as well as a teaching material was prepared. Almost a hundred engineers of an organization and in addition 32 design offices were educated. Electronical filing system was created to help the implementation process. With the cooperation of the authorities and a ship owner a new ship building rule was refined to an executable form resulting the new way of the implementation. The implementation process was studied and based on the experience gained from the implementation and a comprehensive review on literature about knowledge management and organizational learning, a proposal for the implementation of a new rule of the authorities was made.
Titanic : death on the water
Western Shipyard is kept busy
The shipyard girls
Masa awaits decision on vital orders
Big ships little ships
Uki Workboat : heavy duty coast guard vessel
Jane's high-speed marine transportation. 1998-99
A harbour large enough to admit a whole fleet : the maritime history and archaeology of Port Arthur
Volume and variety keep Asian yards ahead
From Walker to the world : Charles Mitchell's Low Walker shipyard / Dick Keys and Ken Smith
An implementation of a new order of the authority in ship's planning and production processes
Elomatic goes international
Jane's high-speed marine transportation. 2004-2005
The use of marine dieset engines in Ben Kien shipyard plant in Vietnam
Finnish shipyards urgently need new orders
Finland's first newbuildings from Korea
Naval shipbuilders of the world : from the age of sail to the present day
Through Out the Ship Lighting System
The history of the Suomenlinna dockyard
Navy market research for ABB Marine
Kvaerner Masa-Yards facing new challenges
Meyer Werft strengthens cruise ship commitment
The future of historic dockyards : round-tabel report, Suomenlinna 2008
Down Elswick slipways : Armstrong's ships and people, 1884-1918
Many orders and enquiries in hand for Uki Workboat
Large projects at Turku Repair Yard
Cadmatic adds value for Elomatic
Masa shrugs off Helsinki layoffs
Ferries and workboats
Hull docklands : an illustrated history of the Port of Hull
Finnish expertise in marine technology for the world
Turn key concept saves time and money
Supplier selection process : criteria and methods case study analysis in ALMACO Group : an example of shipbuilding industry
Cracks appear in new Fortum ship
21st annual marine propulsion conference : design, operate, maintain keeping ahead of today's marine propulsion issues
Internal environmental audits in offshore fabrication yard's environmental management system
British shipping : its history, organisation and importance
Promoting safety in industry : focus on informational campaigns and participative programs
The need for more sophisticated technology for the modern day repair and conversion markets
Scandinavian shipbuilding 1974/75
LSE's monthly review of world maritime events
Tsuneishi strengthens its competitiveness
Deltamarin getting established in China
Defence sites : heritage and future
Hopeful outlook at Aker Finnyards
Introduction to Naval Architecture
UKI Workboat : Coast Guard vessels on order
Elomatic goes for more internationalisation
Clouds gather over Kvaerner yards
The motor ship reference book for 1929
Finnish navy upgrading its fleet
140 years of the Baltic Plant
Box ships buoy Aker Ostsee yards
Beyond 10,000 TEU : a class view from LR
The purpose of this thesis was to research the differences in house lighting dimming systems in cruise ships between Meyer Papenburg and Meyer Turku. The objective was to bring forward the different working methods in different phases of the project, and to find the most suitable neutral working methods to develop and harmonize dimming systems in both shipyards in the future. The objective was also to investigate differences in technical documents and their possible harmonization in the future common projects. The current matter was investigated due to the harmonization of shipyards. The research was carried out for impartiality in both shipyards in the form of interviews, questionnaires and discussions about the topic. Similar researches about the topic have not been carried out before. Knowledge about the topic was enquired from the professionals that have been working in the field for a long time, drawings were compared and physically implemented solutions on board were studied. As a result, alternative working and designing methods were discovered regarding the development of the dimming systems. The best methods are considered to be taken into action in the future. The research made it possible for the lighting specialists at both shipyards to familiarize themselves with the sister shipyard's working methods and documentation. In addition, the harmonization of lighting departments was started.
Black Sea shiprepair facilities & prospects
Rosyth : The Building of a Royal Naval Dockyard 1903-1922
Organizational identifications : antecedents and consequences of identifications in a shipyard context
Managing network relations in the project business context : social capital perspective
Instructions for plate maker-welders
Safe hoist working
Designing an environmental performance indicator for shipbuilding and ship dismantling : project ECO-EFFI final report
How many, how often
Dockers : the impact of industrial change
Increased costs have not yet hit Singaporean shipyards
The commissioner of this thesis is ABB Marine. ABB Marine is located in Finland and produces and delivers diesel-electric systems and propulsion for different kind of ship types worldwide. ABB Marine is part of ABB group. ABB Marine`s main product is Azipod® azimuth thruster. ABB Marine also operates as total system supplier which means that ABB Marine is able to deliver the whole diesel-electric systems for a ship in addition to the Azipod and shaft line propulsion. The purpose of this market surveys is to support current and future business strategies in naval segment. Thesis focuses on the most important NAVY-segment shipyards in Europe and in North America. Surveys covers Navy and Coast Guard offshore markets and other interesting future projects in naval and coast guard segments. The survey was carried out with interviews, document-analyses and different kind of research from governmental and other official shipyard homepages. Market intelligence gathered proves that several countries are renewing their naval fleets despite the recent economic downfall. Especially the offshore market will continue to grow strongly in the future. This is result of the new type of mission requirements and also the recent environmental changes in the Artic.
Observations on the Suomenlinna dockyard
Swan, Hunter, & Wigham Richardson, limited
The importance of dockyards in ship preservation
Finnyards awarded
Jane's high-speed marine transportation. 2007-2008
Bulging order books : record year for Aker Yards in Finland
W. Rostedt Varustamo-Rederi : post-war tramp shipping
Marine propulsion conference 2000.
Shipbuilding at Suomenlinna
Portsmouth dockyard in the age of Nelson : transactions of the ninth annual conference held at Portsmouth April - May 2005
Jane's high-speed marine transportation. 2001-2002
A busy year for the small yards
Navarch : naval architecture : guidebook
The main idea for this Bachelor's thesis was to produce a manual for MARS material reservation system for Elomatic Marine Engineering. The main objective was to prepare a simple and extensive manual for beginning designers. This thesis work was based on methods and feedback during the designing of the Oasis class cruisers. The beginning of the thesis contains the basics and content of the MARS system. Selected examples and main functions of the MARS system will be presented as guidance. Moreover, different MARS screens that designers were using are explained step by step. The thesis contains also the integration of the Nupas-Cadmatic ship design software and the MARS system. It is also studied what kind of operations designers made during the Oasis project.  In this thesis it was discovered that the examples were practical and made the usage of the MARS system easier.
Kvaerner postpones sale of its Masa-Yards
Arctic Passion News : [Aker Arctic Technology Inc's newsletter]
Personnel guide for a common working place
Yard work and worker memories : an analysis of fields and practices of remembering from a relationist' standpoint
"Mystic built" : ships and shipyards of the Mystic River, Connecticut, 1784-1919
