http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10706 paper industry
paper industry
Saving the mill : the amazing recovery of one of Japan's largest paper mills following the 2011 earthquake and tsunami
Papermaking science and technology. Book 19, Environmental control
Environmental regulation and firm efficiency
Water pollution problems of pulp and paper industries in Finland and Sweden
The Iron Partner
Kraft-pulping evaluation of decayed Pinus kesiya from Zambia
Analysis of electrical energy consumption and neural network estimation  and forecasting of loads in a paper mill
Impact of the global forest industry on atmospheric greenhouse gases
The First Ecopapertech : an international conference on papermaking and paper machine technology : Helsinki, Finland, June 6-9, 1995.
"Intelligent and resource-efficient production technologies" (EffTech) programme : programme report 2008-2010
Asia Pacific pulp & paper year book & directory 1992.
Productivity and performance in the paper industry : labour, capital,and technology in Britain and America, 1860-1914
Pulp and paper manufacture. Volume 5, Alkaline pulping
The art of turnaround management : the challenges of change in the paper industry
Magazine paper consumption in different socio-economic environments : case: emerging markets
The Finnish timber and paper directory 1994-95
New aspects of energy utilization in the paper industry : experimental and theoretical work
8th Advanced Coating Fundamentals Symposium : Chicago, May 8-10, 2003.
Economic geographical analysis of the Finnish paper industry
Wood fiber contents of different materials in the paper industry material chain expressed in roundwood equivalents (RWEs)
Yearbook
A consideration of all things paper--the invention that revolutionized human civilization; its thousand-fold uses (and misuses); its sweeping influence on society; its makers, shapers, collectors, and pulpers--by the admired cultural historian.
Final program and extended abstracts : 10th international coating science and technology symposium, September 25-27, 2000, Scottsdale, Arizona, USA
The application of analytic hierarchy process in supplier selection for specialty paper making company : case company: Anhui Welbon Gaosen Paper Co., Ltd
The use of microcellulose in papermaking
Technology diffusion and lifetimes of paper machines : posing the question and description of the data
Capacity of cultural papers in Western Europe : report to the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) through the Ministry for Foreign Affairs of Finland. Bureau of International Development Co-operation
Operating principles of theoretical pulp mill and quality documentation requirements for recovery boiler and evaporation plant in Belarus
Emerging practices and impacts of the sustainable financing in the pulp and paper industry
Sales of newsprint in Finland, 1949-1959 : models for short term forecasting
Some highlights on pulpwood handling
CTS news : CTS Engineering oy:n asiakaslehti
Increasing sales in the UK markets : customers' expectations of a service partner
Environmental information in companies' annual reports
Paper for the World
Final program and extended abstracts ISCST : 14th International Coating Science and Technology Symposium, September 7-10, 2008, Marriott Marina del Ray, California, USA
Static instability analysis of an elastic band travelling in the gravitational field
White pitch deposition : mechanisms and measuring techniques
The new economy and traditional industries: The case of pulp and paper industry
Papermaking science and technology. Book 14, Process and maintenance management
Shaping the world of papermaking : Technology Days 2003 in Lahti, Finland, June 10-12, 2003.
Papermaking science and technology. Book 4, Papermaking chemistry
Internet in marketing and sales of printing papers
At present, there are no means for reliably comparing the wood fiber contents of different material streams within the paper industry material chain with each other. The aim of this article is to introduce conversion factors that make it possible to quantify the volume of wood expressed in roundwood equivalent (RWE) values for different paper industry-related materials in the material chain. These conversion factors apply to wood pulp, paper, and recovered paper. European data are used in quantifying the paper industry material streams and calculating the RWE conversion factors. The introduced conversion factors can be used to estimate RWE volumes at a global scale. With assumption that paper recycling did not occur and that paper production volume remained unchanged, an additional volume of 666 million m3 RWEs would be required globally per annum to produce 167 million tons of virgin wood pulp to replace 222 million tons of recovered paper utilized by the paper industry in 2010. This volume is approximately the same as 1.6 times the total removal of wood in Europe (EU27), or the total annual removal of wood in the USA, Canada, and Brazil combined..
The Arkhangelsk oblast has long been one of Russia's most important forest industrial regions. This paper analyses the changes in accessibility of forest resources and forest commodity production during the transition period in the 1990s. Special attention is given to firm restructuring, active roles of domestic capital and the different survival strategies that have been developed by industries in the region. Further analysis deals with signs of economic recovery in the forest sector due to the processes of restructuring, modernisation and self-organisation.
Living with the forest
Biotechnology in pulp and paper manufacture : applications and fundamental investigations : proceedings of the Fourth International Conference on Biotechnology in the Pulp and Paper Industry, Raleigh (NC) and Myrtle Beach (SC), 16-19 May 1989
Pulp & paper mills in the U.S. and Canada
Neural networks in the production optimization of a kraft pulp bleach plant
An industry in transition : environmental significance of strategic reaction and proaction mechanisms of the Finnish pulp and paper industry
Material flow models in environmental policy planning : case: pulp and paper industry
The Role of Nigeria Capital Market in the Growth of the Industrial Sector
The use of branched ketene dimers in solving the deposit problems related to the internal sizing of uncoated fine paper
Environmental arguments : product marketing of paper machine
Nokian paperi : Georgia-Pacific Nordic oy, 1865-2005 : [the first 140 years]
Screening and cleaning of pulp : a study to the parameters affecting separation
Customer profitability : analysis and evaluation of the current follow-up case Stora Enso Fine Paper
What paper marketing is all about? : case: Stora Enso España S.A
Knowledge and decisions in environmental contexts : a case study of the pulp and paper industry
Stora Kopparberg : six hundred years of industrial enterprise
Financial analysis of the U.S. based forest industry
A contribution to the moisture control problem in papermaking
Biotechnical methods for improvement of energy economy in mechanical pulping
Luminews from Veitsiluoto
On line : internal bulletin for BU Pulp & Paper of AAB Drives
Elementary industrial arts
The Finnish forest based bioeconomy - what do the universities have for future? : the 9th biennial Johan Gullichsen Colloquium, 14 November, 2013 Dipoli, Espoo, Finland
Factors Affecting the Axial Force in Low-Consistency Refining
The Finnish Cellulose Union's statistical report with graphic tables
Simulation in pulp and paper industry
Implementation of VMI supply model in process industry environment
Nanostructures in aqueous dispersions for surface sizing
Introduction to paper
Social movements in management : making a technological leap in the case of the Anjala paper mill
Exposure assessment of animals to sediments contaminated by pulp and paper mills
Pulp and paper towards 2010 : an executive summary
Markets' 91 : the 5-year outlook for North American forest produts
Kymmene Publication Papers review
The effect of fiber raw materials on some toughness properties of paper
Paper, board and pulps = Papiers, carton et pâtes : ISO standards collection on CD-ROM
Pulp characterization by permeability measurements
Finnar i arbete = Finns at work = Les finlandais au travail
Supply chain management and material handling in paper industry : case Tervakoski Oy
Strategic automation for intelligent paper making
Effect of drying on the in-plane tensile properties of paper
Projecting pulpwood prices under different assumptions on future capacities in the pulp and paper industry
Paper trails : from trees to trash - the true cost of paper
Financial performance of the U.S. forest-product companies : value-added determinants of business success
The many faces of responsibility : acceptability of the industry in various societies
Pulp and paper industry : inspection manual
Installation of a deinking plant to increase paper machine production : financial analysis and final report
Forest products annual market review 2005-2006
The Asian Pacific Rim Pulp and Paper Industry
European directory of acid-free and permanent book paper 1998 = Répertoire européen des papiers d'édition sans acide et permanents
The post-earnings announcement drift : evidence from the finnish stock market
UPM-Kymmene watch
Analysis of stability of axially moving orthotropic membranes and plates with a linear non-homogeneous tension profile
Fiber & paper & power express : Metso Paper news magazine
Capacity constraints in multi-stage production-inventory systems : applying material requirements planning theory
Papermaking science and technology. 1, Economics of the pulp and paper industry
Oulu art paper shakes the market
Chapters on papermaking : concerning the theory and practice of beating
The effect of supply system on the wood paying capability of a kraft pulp mill using Scots pine harvested from first thinnings
New trends and developments in papermaking
The procurement of wood raw materials by Finnish paper industry - an outlook
Paper : its history, sources, and manufacture
Interaction of real and financial flexibility : an empirical analysis
Utilization of statistical methods for management in the forest industry
Growing people ; [photography ... University of Art & Design Helsinki, UIAH] ; [photographers: Nanni Akkola ... et al.] ; [writer: Jean Haegele]
Assessing industrial pollution by means of environmental samples in the Kemi-Tornio region
Developing knowledge management in paper industry
Biofore / : UPM's stakeholder magazine
Storage of spruce pulpwood for mechanical pulping. Part 2, Effects of different sprinkling parameters on wood properties and pulp produced using a laboratory grinder
Paper in the ecocycle : the versatile material
Determination of surfactants in industrial waters of paper- and board mills
Papertec : the finnish pulp & paper technology business guide
News & paper : Kirkniemi Paper Mill customer magazine
The influence of molecular adhesion on paper strength
The "Positive Pulse Jar" (PPJ) : a flexible device for retention studies
Cost management in the paper industries
Continuum : rethinking BAT emissions of the pulp and paper industry in the European Union
Welfare measurement in single and multimarket models : theory and application
22. PTS-Streicherei-Symposium 2005 : Vortragsband = 22nd PTS Coating Symposium 2005 : proceedings
Simulation of a chemical recovery process
Russia : pulp & paper fact book : the pulp and paper industries and forests of Russia, Ukraine, the Baltic States, and neighbouring republics
Abstract (kuvailulehti): Continuum - Rethinking BAT Emissions of the Pulp and Paper Industry in the European Union.
Professional papermaking
The Japanese pulp and paper industri : an analysis of financial performance 1991-2001
The Evolution of Global Paper Indutry
State-responsibility for cross-border environmental damage : why Argentina wants to sue Uruguay over a Finnish-owned factory
Density, modulus of elasticity, creep, and durability of hardboard : a bibliography
Handbook of pulp. Volume 1
Establishing Process Management: Case BillerudKorsnäs Finland Oy
China's paper industry : structure and development trends
Key to the Finnish forest industry
Off the deckle edge : a paper-making journey through India
Organosolv pulping : a review and distillation study related to peroxyacid pulping
Paper production technology and paper mills in China
Helsinki University Center of Excellence: Research Unit of Ecotoxicology and Ecobiotechnology : report of activities 1.8.1994-31.12.1995
Application of modern NMR spectroscopic techniques to structural studies of wood and pulp components
This thesis is the result of co-operation between Fastpap Oy, Räpina Paberivabrik AS and Tampere University of Applied Sciences. Work originated from Fastpap Oy and the target of this thesis work was to gain knowledge from the mill and the product in order to take the efficiency of the machine even further. Fastpap had delivered a comprehensive rebuild on the wet end of the machine. The results were good but the targeted production rate was not achieved. The old dryer section could not cope with the new capacity of the wet end. This thesis aims to collect all the information that helps to improve the efficiency of the dryer section. Couple of studies were already made to assess the current state of the machine. This work is a summary of those studies already made incorporating further machine concept and properties of the paperboard affecting to the drying efficiency.  The theoretical part of this thesis includes the operation principles of the conventional wire section. This was made to explain the origins of the two sidedness of the product. The drying section concept point of view was also included since the possible bottlenecks of the process would locate on this particular section. The experimental section of this thesis covered the analysis of the product. This analysis gave a vital information of the product to understand the drying process. Besides testing the basic properties of the paperboard, the air permeance and absorbency of the product were examined. Experimental drying simulation were also carried out. The results of the earlier studies from the machine concept point of view were included to gain comprehensive view from the process of this particular machine.  The results of the product analysis did not reveal any severe signs of the two sidedness of the paperweb affecting the drying process. Excluding the surface roughness of the paperboard, the results were quite uniform on the top and the wire side of the product. Some possible improvements on the machine concept point of view were discovered. Most of these discovered points of improvements were already covered in a way or another in the earlier studies. In addition, the assumed originating factors of these detected points were considered. This thesis gives a comprehensive idea of the operating process and the paperboard produced on site. These extensive results can be used as a tool for estimating the possible investments in the mill.
On the mechanical stability and out-of-plane dynamics of a travelling panel submerged in axially flowing ideal fluid : a study into paper production in mathematical terms
Forward : Valmet's customer magazine
Strategic choices in the fine paper industry
Optimization of dryer section for recycled paperboard
Kymmene newsletter : in-house news for Kymmene Paper and board sales staff and representatives
The impact of chemical pre-treatments of fibre fractions on paper properties
Journal of pulp and paper science : JPPS
A self-assessment based method for post-completion audits in paper production line investment projects
Development and application of acoustic air flow paper dust measuring device in POLYTEST-project
Assessing corporate diversification : an interpretation of Rumelt's categories and an empirical test on Finnish and Swedish pulp and paper firms
Energy in paper and board production research programme 1993-1998 : final report
Pulp and paper in Eastern Europe
The greenpeace guide to paper
The Finnish timber and paper directory 1992-93
The role of the scientist in the paper industry
EWLP 2012 proceedings : 12th European Workshop on Lignocellulosics and Pulp : proceedings, August 27-30.2012, Hanasaari Cultural Centre, Espoo, Finland
Watermarks in paper in Holland, England, France etc. in the XVII and XVIII centuries and their interconnections
Biogas production from meat and pulp and paper industry by-products
White magic : the age of paper
Implementation of a metering size press on PM2 at the Georgia Pulp and Paper Macon Mill
Profitability, productivity and prices in the forest industries in the UN/ECE rggion 1974-1990
A technical workshop : juvenile wood : what does it mean to forest management and forest products? : proceedings 47309
Talc-filled water-based barrier coatings
The fate of EDTA and DTPA in aquatic environments receiving waste waters from the two pulp and paper mills
On paper : the everything of its two-thousand-year history
World pulp and paper 1997-2006 : trends and forecasts
PaperTeam : in-house magazine for UPM-Kymmene paper divisions
Recycling and long-range timber outlook : background research report 1993 RPA assessment update USDA forest service
Ecotoxicological status of a watercourse recovering from heavy loading by pulp and paper industry
Thesaurus of pulp and paper terms : supplement no. 4.
Marketing strategies to supply the waste water treatment equipment for pulp and paper plants in Vietnam
Process-based transaction cost analysis : a cost management exploration in SCA packaging
Emergence and translations of management interests in corporate branding in the Finnish pulp and paper corporations : a study with an actor-network theory approach
Benchmarking international pulp and paper companies using self-organizing maps
Shift work in the paper industry : work experience and health
Effluent-free BCTMP- and DIP-plant : a final report
Non-wood plants as raw material for pulp and paper
UPM, Jämsänkoski and Kaipola : environmental protection in 2003.
Analysis and management of wood room
Nordic Pulp & Paper : research journal
The European Pulp and Paper Industry
On the pore structure and dewatering properties of the pulp fiber cell wall
Development of forest sector in the Arkhangelsk oblast during the transition period of the 1990s
Chemical engineering aspects and applications in pulp and paper industry : the 4th Biennial Johan Gullichsen Colloquium, September 10, 2003, Dipoli, Espoo, Finland : [proceedings]
The Finnish forest industries : facts and figures 2003, statistics 2002.
The Central Association of Finnish Woodworking Industries 1970.
The effect of quality variations in newsprint and gravure papers on their printability
Co-creating understanding of the role of senses in magazine paper selection
Insight : Metsä-Serla's international investor magazine
Pulping and paper production : 99/00 technical information papers
Paper machine white water treatment in channel flow : integration of passive deaeration and selective flotation
Die cutting of a self adhesive laminate and removing of a waste matrix
The Whatmans and Wove (Velin) Paper : Its invention and development in the West
How can TQM be incorporated with B2B selling : a finnish paper industry case study
Fiber & paper : customer magazine
Chemical wood pulp in Finland : statistical report with graphic tables
Comparing manual and automated warehousing functions in paper manufacturing
A Diderot pictorial encyclopedia of trades and industry. Volume two
Yhtyneet Paperitehtaat osakeyhtiö = United Paper Mills, Ltd
Analysis of malodorous nitrogen-containing compounds in paper and board products
AirNews
Stability of moving viscoelastic panels interacting with surrounding fluid
