http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10793 Third Reich
Third Reich
Travels in the Reich, 1933-1945 : foreign authors report from Germany
KL : a history of the Nazi concentration camps
Last secrets of the Third Reich. Toinen tuotantokausi
The face of the Third Reich : portraits of the Nazi leadership
Ein Volk, ein Reich : nine lives under the nazis
Hitler and the Nazis
The Third Reich between vision and reality : new perspectives on German history 1918-1945
The mammoth book of the Third Reich at war
Flags and banners of the third reich
The impact of Nazism on twentieth-century music
Overcoming the past, determining its consequences and finding solutions for the present. A contribution for deaf studies and sign language education : Proceedings of the 6th Deaf History International Conference July 31 - August 04, 2006 at the Humbold University, Berlin
Hitler's black victims : the historical experiences of Afro-Germans, European blacks, Africans, and African Americans in the Nazi Era
Drawing on such published and unpublished accounts from writers and public figures visiting Germany, Travels in the Reich creates a chilling composite portrait of the reality of life under Hitler. Written in the moment by writers such as Virginia Woolf, Isak Dinesen, Samuel Beckett, Jean-Paul Sartre, William Shirer, Georges Simenon, and Albert Camus, the essays, letters, and articles gathered here offer fascinating insight into the range of responses to Nazi Germany.
The Third Reich : politics and propaganda
'We ourselves were almost awestruck, not so much at the power of the bomb for this we had expected, but because the Americans had used it with so little notice.' R. V. Jones, head of wartime British scientific intelligence A professor of architecture at Cambridge University, Marcial Echenique, recently became curious when he found wiring concealed under the floorboards of his country mansion, Farm Hall in Godmanchester, Cambridgeshire. The mansion had an astonishing past as an MI6 and M1I9 staging post for some of the most daring secret operations of WWII. But in April, 1945, Farm Hall was to play an even more astounding role, as a 'country club' for ten of Germany's top nuclear physicists after they had been captured in Germany and secretly flown back to England in a daring raid codenamed Operation Big. Every word they uttered was bugged by MI6 eavesdroppers using the wires found by the Professor.
Berlin diaries 1940-1945 of Marie "Missie" Vassiltchikov
Religion, politics and ideology in the Third Reich : selected essays
The Penguin historical atlas of the Third Reich
The Nazis presented themselves as warriors against moral degeneracy. Yet, as Norman Ohler's reveals, the entire Third Reich was permeated with drugs: cocaine, heroin, morphine and, most of all, methamphetamines, or crystal meth, used by everyone from factory workers to housewives, and crucial to troops' resilience - even partly explaining German victory in 1940.
Karl Doenitz and the last days of the third reich
The devil's diary : Alfred Rosenberg and the stolen secrets of the Third Reich
Hitler's hangman : the life and death of Reinhard Heydrich
Reinhard Heydrich is widely recognized as one of the great iconic villains of the twentieth century, an appalling figure even within the context of the Nazi leadership. Chief of the Nazi Criminal Police, the SS Security Service, and the Gestapo, ruthless overlord of Nazi-occupied Bohemia and Moravia, and leading planner of the "Final Solution," Heydrich played a central role in Hitler's Germany. He shouldered a major share of responsibility for some of the worst Nazi atrocities, and up to his assassination in Prague in 1942, he was widely seen as one of the most dangerous men in Nazi Germany. Yet Heydrich has received remarkably modest attention in the extensive literature of the Third Reich. Robert Gerwarth weaves together little-known stories of Heydrich's private life with his deeds as head of the Nazi Reich Security Main Office. Fully exploring Heydrich's progression from a privileged middle-class youth to a rapacious mass murderer, Gerwarth sheds new light on the complexity of Heydrich's adult character, his motivations, the incremental steps that led to unimaginable atrocities, and the consequences of his murderous efforts toward re-creating the entire ethnic makeup of Europe.
Blitzed : drugs in Nazi Germany
Wolf by wolf
Frauen : German women recall the Third Reich
The Jehovah's Witnesses and the Nazis : persecution, deportation, and murder, 1933-1945
What we knew : terror, mass murder and everyday life in Nazi Germany: an oral history
Film in the Third Reich : a study of the German cinema 1933-1945
Hitler & tuhon tie
The new Germany : national socialist government in theory and practice
Goering : Hitler's Iron Knight
Grey Wolf : the escape of Adolf Hitler
In this work, Laurence Rees discusses the often overlooked subject of Hitler's character and personality, examining the nature of his appeal and the role his supposed charisma played in his success.
Adolf. The half-Aryan
Adolf. Days of infamy
Hitler's engineers : Fritz Todt and Albert Speer - master builders of the Third Reich
The Third Reich at war : how the Nazis led Germany from conquest to disaster
The Third Reich's celluloid war : propaganda in nazi feature films, documentaries and television
The Third Reich at war, 1939-1945
The Reichs orchestra : the Berlin Philharmonic 1933-1945
The century of warfare. Volume 8, Normandy to the Rhine - the western front: 1942-1945 ; The end in Europe - eastern and western fronts: 1945.
Fear and misery of the third reich
The history of history : a novel of Berlin
"Accomplice of Soviet Russia, wholesale band of robbers" : the Winter War in the politics and diplomacy of the Third Reich
The crisis of German ideology : intellectual origins of the Third Reich
Hitler's piano player : the rise and fall of Ernst Hanfstaengl, confident of Hitler, ally of FDR
Alternatives to Hitler : German resistance under the Third Reich
Shigeru Mizuki's Hitler : [a master cartoonist and veteran tells the life story of the man who started the second world war]
Last talons of the eagle : secret Nazi technology which could have changed the course of World War II
The rise and fall of the Third Reich : a history of Nazi Germany
Operation Big : the race to stop Hitler's A-bomb
Hitler : a short biography
The Nazi census : identification and control in the Third Reich
The chosen ones
Popular cinema of the Third Reich
Ein Volk, ein Reich: nine lives under the Nazis
The doomsday testament
Encyclopedia of the third Reich
A dictionary of the Third Reich
Working towards the Führer : essays in honour of Sir Ian Kershaw
Hitler's art thief : Hildebrand Gurlitt, the Nazis, and the looting of Europe's treasures
The Hitler I knew : the memoirs of the Third Reich's press chief
Hitler's Furies : German women in the Nazi killing fields
Adolf. An exile in Japan
The 6. Deaf History International Conference took place in Berlin from July 31 to August 4, 2006. It focused on how the European tragedy impacted Deaf People during the Second World War and particulary on the overarching theme of "Overcoming the past, determining its consequences and finding solutions for the present." The event was organized by the staff of the 6. Deaf History International (DHI) consisting mostly of members of the Interessensgemeinschaft Gehörloser jüdischer Abstammung in Deutschland (IGJAD, Association of the Deaf of Jewish Ancestry in Germany), in cooperation with the department of sign language education at Humboldt University, Berlin. These proceedings contain the most important findings from the Conference, written from a global perspective and illustrated with photos, with the aim of elucidating the history of the Deaf and associated complications, and how it was affected by contemporary events. The authors are researchers and experts in their respective fields. Several Deaf Jewish survivors, participants in Conference Panels, gave first-hand accounts of their World War II and Holocaust experiences. A selection of visual material from the exhibition is reproduced here as well. This publication is intended for all those interested in this long-neglected subject, and especially Deaf historians, Holocaust researchers, sociologists, geneticists, as well as educators and sign language researchers, in Germany and elsewhere. It offers a diverse range of interdisciplinary and interrelated insights.
Adolf. 1945 and all that remains
Race and the Third Reich
Nazi cinema as enchantment : the politics of entertainment in the Third Reich
The coming of the Third Reich
Sisällysluettelo: 1. Hitler as leader of "party, state, and armed forces" -- Character and talent -- From popular leader to gambler with destiny -- Hitler's foreign policy during the war -- Hitler the soldier -- The leader state : chaos in leadership -- The Führer's will and the will of the people -- pt. 2. Scenes from Hitler's life -- Postscript.
Hitler's forgotten children : my life inside the Lebensborn
The Dark Charisma of Adolf Hitler : leading millions into the abyss
Banned and persecuted : dictatorship of art under Hitler
Last secrets of the third reich. 1 kausi, osat 1-6
Isaac's army : a story of courage and survival in Nazi-occupied Poland
Hitler's last day : minute by minute
West Germany : a contemporary history
Life in the Third Reich
Hitler at home
Codename Valkyrie  : general Friedrich Olbricht and the plot against Hitler
A concise history of the Third Reich
Art of the Third Reich
The Routledge companion to Nazi Germany
Badges and insignia of the third reich 1933-1945
Hitler's furies : German women in the Nazi killing fields
The Third Reich in power 1933-1939
Goebbels : a biography
Painajaismaiset vuodet = The nightmare years : 2 disc edition
