http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10732 gene banks
gene banks gene libraries
From fundamental genomics to systems biology : understanding the book of life
Local cattle breeds in Europe : development of policies and strategies for self-sustaining breeds
Proceedings of the IInd International Symposium on Plant Cryopreservation : Fort Collins, Colorado, USA, August 11-14, 2013
Genes, crops and the environment
Cryopreservation of crop species in Europe : Cryoplanet - COST Action 871, 20th -23rd of February 2008, Oulu, Finland
Ethical issues in governing biobanks : global perspectives
European collections of vegetatively propagated Allium : report pf a workshop, 21-22 May 2001, Gatersleben, Germany
Sustainable forest management in a changing world: a European perspective
Gene banks and the world's food
Mustila Arboretum as a centre for introducing and breeding shrubs and trees : proceedings of the 90th Anniversary Jubilee Symposium of Mustila Arboretum, Moisio Manor 19-21 August 1992.
Handbook of seed technology for genebanks. Vol. 2, Compendium of specific germination information and test recommendations
Utilization of genetic resources : suitable approaches, agronomical evaluation and use
International Symposium on Conservation of Genetic Resources of Aromatic and Medicinal Plants : Estação Agronómica Nacional, Oeiras, Portugal, May 9-11, 1984.
Nordic environmental specimen banking : -methods in use in ESB : manual for the Nordic countries
Quantitative and ecological aspects of plant breeding
The Nordic oat catalogue
American principles, European values and the mezzanine rules of ethical genetic databanking
Nordic gene bank for agricultural and horticultural plants : a collaborative Nordic institution under the Nordic council of ministers
Broadening the genetic base of crop production
Calculating life. : nation, nature, and the nativisation of nonhuman genetics
Plant genetic conservation : the in situ approach
Global genetic resources: access, ownership, and intellectual property rights : invited papers presented at a symposium held May 19-22, 1996, at the Beltsville Agricultural Research Center, Beltsville, Maryland
New technology increases the need for supervision
Proceedings of the 1st International Symposium on Cryopreservation in Horticultural Species : Leuven, Belgium, April 5-8, 2009
Genebank standards for plant genetic resources for food and agriculture
First the seed : the political economy of plant biotechnology, 1492-2000
Clinical and genetic findings in early-onset primary osteoporosis
Solanaceae genetic resources in Europe : report of two meetings - 21 September 2001, Nijmegen, The Netherlands / 22 May 2003, Skierniewice, Poland
This report, prepared with the participation of member countries as well as the public and private sectors, demonstrates the central role plant genetic diversity continues to play in shaping agriculture growth in the face of climate change and other environmental challenges. It provides the decision-makers with a technical basis for policy and technical decision to strengthen national efforts. It also aims to attract the attention of the global community to set priorities for the effective management of plant genetic resources for the future. Country reports and thematic studies are available on the accompanying CD-ROM.--Publisher's description.
Developing the institutional framework for the management of animal genetic resources
Conservation of plant genes. 2, Utilization of ancient and modern DNA
Conservation of biodiversity for sustainable development
Conservation and sustainable use under the International Treaty
The Nordic Gene Bank's Prunus clone archive in Finland. 2, Local races of plum
Diversity of Nordic landrace potatoes (Solanum tuberosum L.) revealed by ALFPs and morphological characters
The Atlantic salmon : genetics, conservation and management
Consent practices and biomedical knowledge production in tissue economies
Plant breeding reviews. 7, The national plant germplasm system of the United States
Abstract (s. 9).
The Nordic Gene Bank's Prunus clone archive in Finland. 1, Local races of sour cherry
Report of a working group on Malus/Pyrus : second meeting 2-4 May 2002, Dresden-Pillnitz, Germany
Technologies to maintain biological diversity
Cucurbit genetic resources in Europe
Access and rights to genetic resources : a Nordic approach
Attitudes towards biomedical use of tissue sample collections, consent, and biobanks among Finns
Design of seed storage facilities for genetic conservation
Introduction to genomics
Country report on farm animal genetic resources
Setting a dangerous precedent? : ethical issues in human genetic database research
A guide to effective management of germplasm collections
This booklet provides guidance on broodstock management and domestication, genetic improvement programs, dissemination programs for genetically improved fish, economic considerations in genetic improvement programs. The effective management of genetic resources, risk assessment and monitoring can help promote responsible aquaculture by increasing production output and efficiency, and help minimize adverse impacts on the environment.--Publisher's description.
State of plant genetic resources for food and agriculture in Finland : second Finnish national report
Cryoconservation of animal genetic resources
Ethical issues of human genetic databases : a challenge to classical health research ethics?
Genetic resources in agriculture : a summary of the projects co-financed under Council Regulation (EC) no. 1467/94
Clinical laboratory blood banking and transfusion medicine : principles and practices
Surveying and monitoring of animal genetic resources
A germ plasm collection of cruicifers
Cultural memory and biodiversity
Handbook of seed technology for genebanks. Vol. 1, Principles and methodology
The second report on the state of the world's plant genetic resources for food and agriculture
Managing global genetic resources : forest trees
Assessment of genetic diversity using RAPD analysis in a germplasm collection of sea buckthorn
Report of a working group on Brassica : extraordinary meeting, held jointly with the Third Coordination Meeting of the GEN RES CT99 109-112, 8-9 February 2002, Vila Real, Portugal
