http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10709 developing country policy
developing country policy
Living the urban challenge : sustainable development and social sustainability in two southern megacities
Social policy and economic development in the Nordic countries
Developmental change : an annotated bibliography
Partners in development : the European Union and NGOs
Effects of developing country policies on agricultural services, extension, rural infrastructure and energy, health care, water and sanitation
Cooperation for international development : the United States and the third world in the 1990s
Between 2007 and 2008, the world experienced a dramatic swing in commodity prices. Eastern and Southern African countries experienced considerable difficulties due to the price food swing. The food price boom resulted in increased poverty and significant food security problems as households struggled to meet the high cost of food. The decline in exports due to weak demand, decreased foreign investment and migrant remittances, as well as high unemployment all added to the burden of already vulnerable African Countries. Policy reactions to the food price surge have been prompt in many developing countries. The key objective of this title is to discuss feasible approaches for the economic management of food price booms and slumps. As a first step to policy assessment, the paper also reviews the nature of the food price swing, analyzes its impact on both household and wider economy levels and examines the policies that have been, or are currently being implemented in Eastern and Southern Africa.--Publisher's description.
Subsidies in international trade from the WTO perspectives : a legal and economic analysis
Local knowledge and international decision-making in development : seminar memo of researchers' and practitioners' network's meeting
Trade reforms and food security : country case studies and synthesis
The sustainability of renewable energy in Europe
Evaluation : Kosovo country programme
Development policy programme 2007 : towards a sustainable and just world community
Biofuels adoption in Nigeria : analysis of sustainability and policy issues
China and the Third World
Earth Summit +5 : special session of the General Assembly to review and appraise the implementation of Agenda 21, New York, 23-27 June 1997
The environment and emerging development issues. Vol. 2
Japan's foreign aid to Thailand and the Philippines
This book looks both backward and forward with regard to the European Union's political strategies towards its neighbouring countries. By bringing together the perspectives of critical geopolitics, policy studies and border studies, it presents a comprehensive review of the European Neighbourhood Policy and how it impacts the ongoing construction of the EU's external frontiers. Is the EU committed to promoting integration in a 'wider' European space, or is a "fortress Europe" emerging where the strengthening of internal cohesion is coupled with the militarisation of its external borders? The book aims to problematize this question by showing how the EU's external policies are based on a mixture of openness and closure, inclusion and exclusion, cooperation and securitisation. The European Neighbourhood Policy is a controversial strategy where regionalization and bordering, homogenisations and differentiations, centrifugal and centripetal forces proceed side-by-side, in an explicit attempt to construct a selective, mobile and fragmented border. A specific focus is devoted to the diversity of geo-strategies the EU is pursuing in its neighbouring countries and regions, macro-regional strategies and cross-border cooperation initiatives as new scales of cooperation, and the role of other global players.
This text examines a number of questions about the nature and volume of Japanese aid to Thailand and the Philippines. It looks at development priorities of these two countries and assesses the fit between those priorities and actual Japanese aid disbursements.
Structural violence as a constraint to African policy formation in the 1990s : repositioning education in international relations
Adventures in Aidland : the anthropology of professional international development
Anthropological interest in new subjects of research and contemporary knowledge practices has turned ethnographic attention to a wide ranging variety of professional fields. Among these the encounter with international development has perhaps been longer and more intimate than any of the others. Anthropologists have drawn critical attention to the interfaces and social effects of development's discursive regimes but, oddly enough, have paid scant attention to knowledge producers themselves, despite anthropologists being among them, which is the focus of this volume. It concerns the construction and transmission of knowledge about global poverty and its reduction but is equally interested in the social life of development professionals, in the capacity of ideas to mediate relationships, in networks of experts and communities of aid workers, and in the dilemmas of maintaining professional identities. Going well beyond obsolete debates about 'pure' and 'applied' anthropology, the book examines the transformations that occur as social scientific concepts and practices cross and re-cross the boundary between anthropological and policy making knowledge.
Mind, society and behavior
Abstract.
Evaluation : bi-annual report 2009-2010 of development evaluation
Finland's development policy 1997.
Factors of cooperative succes in developing countries : an application model for planning better cooperative programs
Finnish value-added : boon or bane to aid effectiveness?
Deaf around the world : the impact of language
American amnesia : how the war on government led us to forget what made America prosper
Towards a sustainable well-being society : building blocks for a new socio-economic model
Evaluation of environmental management in Finland's development cooperation : final report
Legitimating aid : donors and policy making in the rural water supply and sanitation sector in Nepal
Evaluation : agriculture and rural development : preliminary study
Evaluation : the country programme between Finland and Tanzania
Political effectiveness of agricultural policies : an empirical analysis
Budget support policy/political dialogue : donor practices in handling (political) crises
European trade policy : disintegrating region
Evaluation : Finnish support to forestry and biological resources
Big agenda : President Trump's Plan to Save America
We investigate the evolution of Finnish science policy and its impact on universities and scientific research. Finnish research is currently enjoying far greater international visibility, impact, and esteem than previously. The role of universities in society has broadened. Apart from their traditional tasks of research and teaching, universities have established closer links with business and responded to regional needs. A number of national reforms carried out in the 1990s launched a heated debate between universities and public authorities. Contested topics include the 'centre of excellence' policy, large-scale research programmes, and graduate schools. These reforms injected new dynamism into Finnish universities, but created new challenges as well. The structure of university research funding changed significantly during the 1990s. In real terms, research expenditure covered from Government budget sources increased by 17 percent, while external, often competitive funding increased by twofold. We believe that this dependency on outside funding may make research more short-sighted and vulnerable over the long run. In order to maintain the quality of Finnish research, science policy ought to be anchored to the needs of universities and scientific research more firmly than during the 1990s and budget funding ought to be increased. These actions would guarantee a more stable development of scientific enterprise and thus strenghten the positive socio-economic impact of research on regions and on society as a whole.
Using locational data from mobile phones in development aid projects : a case study
The golden handshake of the first world : development research, developmentalism and take-off into development studies
Trade, poverty and the environment : the EU, Cotonou and the African-Caribbean-Pacific bloc
Assisting reform in post-communist Ukraine 2000-2012 : the illusions of donors and the disillusion of beneficiaries
Women in South African politics : rural Shangaan women in focus
The politics and policy of aid in Spain
Finland's and EU's development cooperation : a comparison
China's rhetoric and soft power towards the Portuguese-speaking countries : the case of Angola
EU human rights policies : a study in irony
Social climate of forest bioenergy development in China among forestry stakeholders
This highly unique book takes a fundamental look at when and how a government can fail at its core responsibility of formulating rules. Government, representing society, relates to the economy by formulating the rules within which (market) players should operate. Although market and business failure are much discussed in the economics literature, government failure is often overlooked. This book addresses this gap, exploring in detail what constitutes government failure. Wilfred Dolfsma illustrates that it is not adequate to discuss government failure simply with reference to its level of expenditure, as is usually the case. Defining government failure and analysing it in the domains of health care, innovation and technology, he explores topics such as how market and society relate, consequences of conflicts between government policies, how government should (not) intervene, the vulnerability of institutions and rules (set out by government), and suggests a welfare perspective for evaluative purposes. This stimulating and thought provoking book will prove a fascinating read for academics, researchers and advanced students in economics - particularly public choice and institutional economics - public administration, policy studies, and law and economics.
The yo-yo yen : and the future of the Japanese economy
On accession to the EU, Poland, one of the most agricultural countries in Europe, became eligible for the Common Agricultural Policy (CAP), which it perceived as a chance to develop its rural economy. However, in constructing its Rural Development Programme 2007−2013, Poland directed the largest funding share to Less Favoured Areas (LFA) − a controversial measure, which has been accused of poor targeting and ineffectiveness. We analyse the economic consequences of LFA support for all 16 Polish regions according to Nomenclature of Territorial Units for Statistics (NUTS2), using a multi-regional computable general equilibrium model with LFA detail.
Development policy : government resolution 5.2.2004
Interrogating the neoliberal biopolitics of the sustainable development-resilience nexus
Capacity-building in Africa : effective aid and human capital : report of the Committee for Development Policy on the fourth session (8-12 April 2002)
Security, development and ausaid : a critical examination of the securitisation of the australian government's overseas aid program
Compendium on co-operation strategies : partnership agreement between the members of the group of African, Caribbean and Pacific states and European Community and its member states, signed at Cotonou, June 2000
Evaluation : meta-analysis of development evaluations in 2006 : summary
American foreign aid and global power projection : the geopolitics of resource allocation
The impoverished : humanity's informal majority : (summary)
Migration-development nexus in the Malawian health sector : European Union blue card -circular migration for development?
Aid in Africa
Slums and urbanization
International justice and the third world : studies in the philosophy of development
Building market institutions in South Eastern Europe : comparative prospects for investment and private sector development
Those who bridge the gaps : brokers and translators within development practices in Nepal
Environmental assessment sourcebook. Vol. 3, Guidelines for environmental assessment of energy and industry projects
Levels of autonomy and responsiblities of teachers in Europe
Soviet aid to the Third World : the facts and figures
Preventing carbon leakage with consumption-based emission policies?
Neighbourhood policy and the construction of the European external borders
Evaluation : country programme between Finland and Nicaragua
The European Community's response to the challenges of the International Conference on Population and Development : ICPD + 5: a five year review 1994-1998
Governance matters : China's developing western region with a focus on Qinghai province
Hunger and entitlements
Aid and development policy in the 1990s
Impact of agricultural market liberalization on food security in developing countries : a comparative study of Kenya and Zambia
Developments in sustainability 1992 - 1997.
The European Union and the developing countries : the Cotonou agreement
Child and youth policy programme 2012-2015
Bad luck or wrong policies? : external shocks, domestic adjustment, and the growth slowdown in Latin America and the Caribbean
Educational evaluation in Norwegian development aid : does competence in education make a difference?
Evaluation : complementary in Finland's development policy and co-operation : synthesis
Foreign aid policies : comparing Finland and Ireland
Debunking economics : the naked emperor dethroned?
Clusters, innovation systems and ecosystems : studies on innovation policy's concept evolution and approaches for regional renewal
Local cooperation funds : role in institution building of civil society organizations
Beyond "negotiation" : challenges of participatory projects for the anthropology of development
Evaluation : complementary in Finland's development policy and co-operation : a case study on complementarity in the institutional co-operation instrument
Arctic Environmental Cooperation. Study in Governmentality
Moral vision in international politics : the foreign aid regime, 1949-1989
Comparative politics : critical concepts in political science. Vol. 6, Comparative public policy
Double standard : social policy in Europe and the United States
The European Community's development policy : statement by the Council and the Commission
Trends in international cooperation and net resource transfers to developing countries
Strategy and action plan for promoting gender equality in Finland's policy for developing countries 2003-2007
This volume examines the relationship between Nordic social policy and economic development from a comparative perspective. It identifies the driving forces behind the development of the Nordic welfare model and the problems and dilemmas the model is facing at present. The book also traces the link between democratization and social policy, drawing attention to the role of the state and non-governmental organizations. Social Policy and Economic Development in Nordic Countries examines Nordic social policies on unemployment, social care, family, education and health care policies, and reviews future challenges of the welfare state in the information society.
Democracy and globalization : promoting a north-south dialogue
Globally oriented citizenship and international voluntary service
Science policy and research in Finland
Government failure : society, markets and rules
Development aid at the heart of development policy
The future and changing economies of rural areas : project report D18 of RURBAN, minutes meeting study areas
The state of human security in Africa : an assessment of institutional preparedness
External border management as an instrument of migration control
Evaluation : implementation of the Paris Declaration : Finland : summary
Human rights and development cooperation : an analysis with a case study on Kenya
Rural development in Swat, Pakistan : understanding food and livelihood security in post-conflict contexts
Adaptability, transformation and complex changes in Namibia and Tanzania : resilience and innovation system development in local communities
Good governance in land tenure and administration
Back to the roots : a new social policy agenda for the welfare of the elderly in rural Tanzania :  the case of Bukoba district
Teachers' professional development : Europe in international comparison : an analysis of teachers' professional development based on the OECD's Teaching and Learning International Survey (TALIS)
Finland's development co-operation in the 1990s : strategic goals and means
Links between development assistance and donor country exports : the case of Sweden
Perspectives on European development co-operation : policy and performance of individual donor countries and the EU
The 2007-2008 food price swing : impact and policies in Eastern and Southern Africa
The development state : aid, culture & civil society in Tanzania
A study on the determinants of aid policies : with special reference to smaller donors
Executive summary.
The development dimension or disillusion : the EU's development policy goals and the economic partnership agreements
This book demonstrates that the much-needed global shift in energy production and use must happen at a territorial level in order to be truly successful and sustainable. This book enables regional implementation efforts by connecting broad EU environmental policies with plans for action at the territorial level, analysing efficient resource allocation and cost effectiveness to achieve national objectives. Each EU Member State is considered in depth, in order to identify the opportunities and challenges of this regional approach. The regional dimension of the authors' analysis refers to the territorial level NUTS 1 (Nomenclature of Territorial Units for Statistics) that, starting from the administrative borders of the EU countries, divides the territory into 97 regions on the basis of major socio-economic characteristics. Because the model of the EU "green economy" is characterized typically by top-down interventions that focus exclusively on the resource productivity and investment business, its practical implementation can be de-railed. This book provides the pivotal missing piece- the detailed territorial comparative analysis necessary to obtain an optimal energy mix of renewable energy sources (RES), energy conservation and energy efficiency characteristics of each specific local context.
No development without addressing climate change : intersections between climate and development policies
Emigration, brain drain and development : the case of Sub-Saharan Africa
The global politics of celebrity humanitarianism
Global environment outlook, GEO 5 : environment for the future we want
The longer view : essays toward a critique of political economy
This Discussion Paper explores Nigeria's human development aid to Africa, Caribbean and Pacific countries under its international volunteer programme called the Technical Aid Corps (TAC). It critically examines the relationship between participation in international civic service and civic nationalism. Using a combination of empirical and analytical methods, the author is able to provide insights into the impact of two decades of Nigeria's aid diplomacy within the context of South-South solidarity and into the inculcation of values linked to globally oriented citizenship in TAC volunteers. The findings of this study are of value to those interested in emerging African development cooperation in the global South and the expanding notions of citizenship beyond borders. Scholars, development actors and policymakers will find this study refreshingly different and highly informative.
Governing everyday consumption
Flashpoints : the emerging crisis in Europe
Making the environment count : Nordic accounts and indicators for analysing and integrating environment and economy
The Africa policies of Nordic Countries and erosion of the Nordic aid model : a comparative study
Cities in Transition focuses on the sustainability transitions initiated in 40 European cities. The book presents the incredible wealth of insights gathered through hundreds of interviews and questionnaires. Four key domains-local energy systems, local green spaces, local water systems and local labour markets-have been the focus of the field research investigating local potentials for social innovation and new forms of civil society self-organisation. Examining the potential of new organizational frameworks like co-operatives, multi-stakeholder constructions, local-regional partnerships and networks for the success of such transitions, this book presents the key ingredients of a sustainable urban community as a viable concept to address current global financial, environmental and social challenges. Crucial reading for academics and practitioners of urban planning and sustainability in Europe, Cities in Transition is an innovative roadmap for sustainability in changing cities.
Summary: Evaluation of Kosovo country programme.
Report of the fifth session of the Sub-Committee on Aquaculture, Phuket, Thailand, 27 September - 1 October 2010 = Rapport de la cinquième session du Sous-comité de l'aquaculture, Phuket, Thaïlande, 27 septembre -1er octobre 2010 = Informe de la quinta reunión del Subcomité de Acuicultura, Phuket, Tailandia, 27 de septiembre - 1.o de octubre de 2010
This article deals with the Finnish-Russian border in light of the European external border control policy and its impact on immigration. The 1985 Schengen agreement removed internal European border controls and external border protection became a major concern of the European Union (EU) and heads of states. The European discourse towards immigration changed during the last decade and patterns show tighter external borders. This research follows the Copenhagen school of security and scrutinises the Finnish external border approach under the aspect of immigration. It analyses the socio-economic importance of the Finnish-Russian border in comparison to the European trend that decreases the penetrability of external borders. The study results show that the Finnish policy approach focuses on regional development in order to achieve economic balance in the border regions. This approach is supposed to increase security by economic rather than by traditional border control strategies..
European Union and the developing nation's external debt: EU-15's debt policy, 1960-2008
Learning for a sustainable future : innovative solution from the Baltic Sea region
Public partcipation and oil exploitation in Uganda
Official development assistance of Nordic countries : special emphasis on the implications of EU membership
The role of the Latvian planning regions in national regional development policy implementation and European Union structural funds management
Legitimation process of development policy in Ghanaian economic growth
Inside the European consensus on development and trade : analysing the EU's normative power and policy coherence for development in global governance
Summary.
Prologue to development policy & population policy - the Pakistan experience : backround papers, workshop/seminar 13. 4-8 February 1975, Peshawar, Pakistan = Prologue à une politique de développement et de population : l'expérience du Pakistan = Prólogo de desarrollo y política de población : la experiancia de Paquistan
Study of the flying geese theory from a political point of view : a Japanese propaganda argument in the post world war II era
Technical artefacts : an ontological investigation of technology
Resettlement from the Russian North : an analysis of state -induced relocation policy
Rural-urban policy effects on the regional economies of South Ostrobothnia and North Karelia
Comparative perspectives on rural development and policy challenges in Sogn og Fjordane
PLM vision 2016 and beyond
In 2013, the Nordic Ministers for the Environment decided to strenghten the measurement of green estimates of welfare and socio-economic developments. The report Making the Environment Count is describing how statistics on the environment and the economy thorugh the System of Environmental-Economic Accounts can be used to enable cross-sectorial analysis. The report proposes indicators that can be compiled annually in a Nordic context through existing statistics linking economic statistics to environmental statistics
Reducing inequalities : a human rights-based approach in Finland's development cooperation with special focus on gender and disability - a case study on Ethiopia and Kenya
Government Policy and the Demands for Economic Innovations: A Historical Example of a European Periphery
Abstract and summary : Agriculture and rural development in the Finnish development cooperation - preliminary study.
Development and functioning of fiscal frameworks in the Central and Eastern European countries
Conservation enterprise : what works, where and for whom?
Russian security policy : research in Finland and development trends in Russia.
Refocusing Finland's cooperation with Namibia : instruments and actors for civil society and business community partnerships : report
Evaluation : meta-evaluation of decentralised evaluations in 2010 and 2011
The European Union's Africa policies : norms, interests and impact
Design when social enterprises arise : design for sustainable development in Guatemala through social enterprises
Aid and identity policy : small donors and aid regime norms
Benefiting the resource rich : how can international development policy help tame the resource curse?
Guidelines for policies and systems development for lifelong guidance : a reference framework for the EU and for the commission : brief summary
The career potential of migrant scholars in Finnish higher education : emerging perspectives and dynamics
Aid, trade and flag - the allocation of Finnish bilateral ODA
"The second volume of the bestselling landmark work on the history of the modern state  Writing in The Wall Street Journal, David Gress called Francis Fukuyama's Origins of Political Order "magisterial in its learning and admirably immodest in its ambition." In The New York Times Book Review, Michael Lind described the book as "a major achievement by one of the leading public intellectuals of our time." And in The Washington Post, Gerard DeGrott exclaimed "this is a book that will be remembered. Bring on volume two."   Volume two is finally here, completing the most important work of political thought in at least a generation. Taking up the essential question of how societies develop strong, impersonal, and accountable political institutions, Fukuyama follows the story from the French Revolution to the so-called Arab Spring and the deep dysfunctions of contemporary American politics. He examines the effects of corruption on governance, and why some societies have been successful at rooting it out. He explores the different legacies of colonialism in Latin America, Africa, and Asia, and offers a clear-eyed account of why some regions have thrived and developed more quickly than others. And he boldly reckons with the future of democracy in the face of a rising global middle class and entrenched political paralysis in the West.  A sweeping, masterful account of the struggle to create a well-functioning modern state, Political Order and Political Decay is destined to be a classic"--
The European Union explained : international cooperation and development : fighting poverty in a changing world
Political order and political decay : from the industrial revolution to the globalization of democracy
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
Energy, policy, and the environment : modeling sustainable development for the North
Displacement, Resistance and the Critique of Development : from the Grass-Roots to the Global (RSC working paper)
Forestry in Namibia 1850-1990
Health and economic development in South-Eastern Europe
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 47
In the past, government and business were as much partners as rivals, resulting in broad-based growth and healthy social development. But advocates of anti-government market fundamentalism are intent on scrapping the instrument of nearly a century of unprecedented economic and social progress. Hacker and Pierson examine why what's good for American business elites and what's good for Americans have become misaligned.
From poverty economics to global social policy : a sociology of aid for poverty reduction
Gender equality in global value chains and the role of Aid for Trade in promoting gender equality and women’s employment in developing countries
Yhteenveto. - Sammanfattning. - Summary.
Development, sexual rights and global governance
Nordic development cooperation and the promotion of democracy : in search for strategies
Finlands position, security and welfare in an increasingly complex world : futures outlook of the Ministry for Foreign Affairs
Footprints in forests : effects and impacts of Finnish forestry assistance
Biodiversity and poverty : ten frequently asked questions - ten policy implications
This book sets the questions of energy and the environment in the North in the global context and further addresses historical developments, views on energy taxation and tariffs, and effects of EU energy policy. Climate change appears more frequently than ever on the top of global and national policy agendas. In the current situation traditional environmental concern and environmental policy may not suffice in the face of the global challenge as manifested by climate change and the depletion of fossil energy resources. But as new data comes to light, new energy policies and changes in economic structures are crucial for putting into action global climate policy. Crucial tasks in environmental policy are the sustainable utilisation of natural resources and the conservation of natural and human-made habitats. One of the areas of the world where this comes into play the most is in the Nordic countries. Northern societies are predominantly high tech, high consumption and high energy supply societies. And with the transition from older energy sources (wood for heating and stream water for power production) to newer ones (oil and nuclear energy) discussions on the environmental impact have led to public and corporate action. The Northern countries have been at the forefront in finding sustainable alternatives to solve conflicts arising from the rise in energy needs. However, these countries have taken different pathways with different policies in attempting to achieve this. As the needs and concerns from climate change arise, a Northern dimension, involving policies that contrast to European and global trends, emerges. "Energy, Policy, and the Environment: Modeling Sustainable Development for the North" explores that dimension.
Evaluation : junior professional officer programme of Finland
Contribution to global environmental governance? : viewpoint from pension funds and United Nations Responsible Investment
Ethnicity and democratisation in Africa : challenges for politics and development
Food security and development : final report Feb 4, 2011 : commissioned development research of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, intervention code 89822609.
Russian security policy : research in Finland and development trends in Russia
The consequences of Less Favoured Area support : a multi-regional CGE analysis for Poland
No future without forgiveness
Culture in, for and as sustainable development : conclusions from the COST Action IS1007 investigating cultural sustainability
General theoretical framework of the SARD-Climate project
This Discussion Paper explores the challenges that ethnicity poses for democratisation and development in Africa. It provides an overview of the literature on ethnicity and democratisation and an analysis of the trends on the continent since the end of the Cold War. In this regard, it critically examines perspectives on the impact of ethnicity on democracy and analyses the ethnicity-citizenship nexus in the context of the national democratic question in Africa. This provides the basis for the analysis of emerging challenges facing Africa and the way forward. The paper provides additional insights into the ongoing debates about democracy and the nation-state question in Africa and is of interest to scholars, practitioners and the general reader.
Vocational teachers' professional agency in the stream of change
Russia 2030 based on contracts
Small-scale farmers in liberalised trade environment : proceedings of the seminar on October 2004 in Haikko Finland
This discussion paper is an attempt to lay out a path toward a more sustainable society. It introduces several principles of sustainable well-being that meet the key sustainability challenges of advanced societies. Taken together, these principles form a vision of a sustainable well-being society.In addition, the paper analyzes the changing role of government in the transition towards sustainability. --Publisher's description.
Space-time dependence in regional development : the geospatial approach to understanding the development processes in small-scale areas of Finland
The European Community and the developing countries
Contesting childhood
The multiple faces of a sustainability strategy : analysing Finland's programme to promote sustainable consumption and production
Aid, trade and flag : the allocation of Finnish bilateral ODA
Sustainability of external development financing to development countries
Cities in transition : social innovation for Europe's urban sustainability
Young adult failure to thrive syndrome
