http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10734 homelessness (lack of home)
homelessness (lack of home)
The crisis of caregiving : social welfare policy in the United States
Making room : the economics of homelessness
Coping with homelessness : issues to be tackled and best practices in Europe
Self-esteem, locus of control and attachment : their relation with homelessness
Grand central winter : a story from the streets of New York City
Oliver : the cat who saved Christmas
Poverty and single parent families : a study of minimal subsistance household budgets
The 1985 Alko strike and homeless alcoholics
Snow bear
A mother's journey
A home for Molly
Encyclopedia of homelessness
Home in Hollywood : the imaginary geography of cinema
The "homeless etiquette" : social interaction and behavior among the homeless in Taito Ward, Tokyo
At home in the world
Services for homeless people : innovation and change in the European Union
Evicted : poverty and profit in the American city
Ten things I've learnt about love
Stuart : a life backwards
Foyer : a holistic approach to supported housing of young people : a case study
Vagrancy, alcoholism and social control
Homelessness and health in Canada
"The hobo is a figure ensconced in the cultural fabric of the United States. Once categorized as a member of a homeless army who ought to be jailed or killed, the hobo has evolved into a safe, grandfatherly exemplar of Americana. Boxcar Politics reestablishes the hobo's political thorns. John Lennon maps the rise and demise of the political hobo from the nineteenth-century introduction of the transcontinental railroad to the Federal Aid Highway Act of 1956. Intertwining literary, historical, and theoretical representations of the hobo, he explores how riders and writers imagined alternative ways that working-class people could use mobility to create powerful dissenting voices outside of fixed hierarchal political organizations. Placing portrayals of hobos in the works of Jack London, Jim Tully, John Dos Passos, and Jack Kerouac alongside the lived reality of people hopping trains (including hobos of the IWW, the Scottsboro Boys, and those found in numerous long-forgotten memoirs), Lennon investigates how these marginalized individuals exerted collective political voices through subcultural practices" --
Young people leaving home
Neighbor for sale
Braving the street : the anthropology of homelessness
Boxcar politics : the Hobo in U.S. culture and literature, 1869-1956
Tekkonkinkreet : black & white : all in one
The cultural construction of gender and care on the street
Every falling star : the true story of how I survived and escaped North Korea
Homeless : policies, strategies, and lives on the street
999 tadpoles find a new home
Sub city : young people, homelessness and crime
Services for homeless people : the policy context from 1960s until the present day and two examples for innovative services
A dog called Homeless
Handbook of the project Keinot käyttöön arjen areenoilla
The 1972 Alko strike and homeless alcoholics in Tampere
Tekkonkinkreet : black & white
Better times than this : youth homelessness in Britain
$2.00 a day : living on almost nothing in America
This book offers a specifically feminist perspective on women's lives in contemporary cities; one which the editors hope will sustain and influence women's 'ways of being' in those cities. The contributors offer an array of knowledge about women's place and women's places in cities today. The book acknowledges women's positive as well as negative experiences in their roles as workers, mothers, housewives, shoppers and members of social networks. Women are not seen as passive victims of capitalism or of male violence, although the realities of exploitation and the fear of crime are recognized.
A place to call home
Animals in social work : why and how they matter
Needed by nobody : homelessness, humiliation, and homelessness in post-socialist Russia
Homelessness : the making and unmaking of a crisis
Changing places : women's lives in the city
Measuring homelessness in Europe
Blood brothers
Home and homelessness in the medieval and Renaissance world
Youth homelessness in the European Union
The brave kitten
"We are not garbage!" : the homeless movement in Tokyo, 1994-2002
Homelessness in Latvia : in the search of understanding
Child welfare : major themes in health and social welfare. Volume 3 : Child placement and children away from home
Kicked out
Men of uncertainty : the social organization of day laborers in contemporary Japan
Down and out, on the road : the homeless in American history
Homelessness in America : perspectives, characterizations, and considerations for occupational therapy
Molly and the cat café
Stories from the Street is a theological exploration of interviews with men and women who had experienced homelessness at some stage in their lives. Framed within a theology of story and a theology of liberation, Nixon suggests that story is not only a vehicle for creating human transformation but it is one of God's chosen means of effecting change. Short biographies of twelve characters are examined under themes including: crises in health and relationships, self-harm and suicide, anger and pain, God and the Bible. Expanding the existing literature of contextual theology, this book provides an alternative focus to a church-shaped mission by advocating with, and for, a very marginal group; suggesting that their experiences have much to teach the church. Churches are perceived as being active in terms of pastoral work, but reluctant to ask more profound questions about why homelessness exists at all. A theology of homelessness suggests not just a God of the homeless, but a homeless God, who shares stories and provides hope. Engaging with contemporary political and cultural debates about poverty, housing and public spending, Nixon presents a unique theological exploration of homeless people, suffering, hope and the human condition.
The places we live
Domicide : the global destruction of home
The dog, Ray
Homelessness research in Europe : Festschrift for Bill Edgar and Joe Docherty
Homelessness, citizenship, and identity : the uncanniness of late modernity
Vagrancy, homelessness, and English Renaissance literature
An elephant in the garden
The social and health care study of street children at IPEK, Calcutta
China's homeless generation : voices from the veterans of the Chinese Civil War, 1940s-1990s
"Women have been neglected and marginalised in much contemporary, European housing policy and practice. Nowhere is this more apparent than in the development of policies on homelessness. This book examines the gender-specific factors leading to homelessness and the ability of women to access appropriate services for rehousing and social integration. The report draws on the national reports of the correspondents of the European Observatory on Homelessness of FEANISA. This unique volume provides for the first time a picture of the nature and causes of homelessness among women across the European member states. Its findings will stimulate further research and encourage transnational cooperation in the development of appropriate policies and support services. Women and homelessness is essential reading for policy makers, service providers, social workers, researchers and students of housing and housing policy." Title Summary field provided by Blackwell North America, Inc.
The plight of the homeless
The Finnish homelessness strategy : from a "Staircase" model to a "Housing first" approach tackling long-term homelessness
Homeless immigrants in Finland : national report 2002 : European Observatory on Homelessness
Dia de los muertos III : homelessness : Alternative Museum, New York, November 2 - December 15, 1990 / [design and production: Janice Rooney]
Stories from the street : a theology of homelessness
Heidegger and homecoming : the Leitmotif in the later writings
Mean streets : youth crime and homelessness
Women and homelessness in Europe : pathways, services and experiences
Understanding social problems : issues in social policy
