http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10749 bookprinters
bookprinters
The culture of correction in Renaissance Europe
The bark beetle Ips typographus (L.) on patches of dead or dying host trees : estimating the colonization success and the risk of consequential tree deaths
A universal archive : William Kentridge as printmaker
The correspondence of James Peter Coghlan (1731-1800)
Books of secrets : natural philosophy in England, 1550-1600
Details the complete history and output of the Giunti Press in Florence from 1497-1625. Part I covers the Giunti family and press, their books, and contemporary sociopolitical and economic conditions. Part II catalogues every Giunti publication. Also contains genealogical tables and a chronological list of editions by language.
The semiochemical system of Ips typographus : quantitative variation in production and release, and behavioural activity
The Giunti of Florence : a Renaissance printing and publishing family : a history of the Florentine firm and a catalogue of the editions
Print culture in early modern France : Abraham Bosse and the purposes of print
Ottmar Mergenthaler : the man and his machine : a biographical appreciation of the inventor on his centennial
Influence of large snow depths on Black Woodpecker Dryocopus martius foraging behavior
Worlds of print : diversity in the book trade
Beyond the language frontier : studies on the Karamanlis and the Karamanlidika printing
Olfactory recognition and behavioural avoidance of angiosperm non-host volatiles by conifer bark beetles
Gutenberg : the master printer
From Gutenberg to Luther : transnational print cultures in Scandinavia 1450-1525
Printed book cultures in Scandinavia before 1525 were formed by their vicinity to expanding European book markets. Collections of prints were founded, decisions on printing books in Scandinavia were based upon thorough knowledge of what printers on the continent achieved in question of volume, quality and price. Building on a large database of contemporary provenances and statistical analyses of every possible aspect of peripheral book markets, as well as on new readings of many old and new sources, this book recalibrates scholarly looks on Scandinavian book history before the Reformation. The result is a fresh portrait of a dynamic period in cultural history which places Scandinavia, though in the geographical periphery of Europe, in the middle of European printing.
The emergence of the book was an event of world historical importance, and heralded the dawning of modernity. In this history of that momentous process, the authors mesh together economic and technological history, sociology and anthropology, with the study of modes of consciousness to root the development of printing.
Nitrogen availability in Norway spruce forest floor : the effect of forest defoliation induced by bark beetle infestation
Ophiostoma blue-staining fungi associated with Ips typographus in Finland
The coming of the book : the impact of printing 1450-1800
Resin pockets in Norway spruce are not caused by the bark beetle Ips typographus : Kvaelommer i gran skyldes ikke angrep av granbarkbillen
John Baskerville : type-founder and printer, 1706-1775
Interactions between host trees and fungi associated with the spruce bark beetle (Ips typographus)
Johann Gutenberg : the man and his invention
Leonardo art and science
William Caxton and early printing in England
A biography of the early American printer William Parks. Examines his early career in England as well as his later work in Colonial Maryland and Virginia. Focuses on the print culture on both sides of the Atlantic as well as the societal pressures on printing and publishing.
Migration in bark beetles : with special reference to the spruce bark beetle Ips typographus
The Gutenberg revolution : the story of a genius and an invention that changed the world
Agent of change : print culture studies after Elizabeth L. Eisenstein
Catches of Ips duplicatus and other non-target Coleoptera by Ips typographus pheromone trapping
Hans Folz and print culture in late medieval Germany : the creation of popular discourse
Printers and readers in the sixteenth century : including the proceedings from the colloquium organised by the Centre for European Culture, 9 June 2000
Printing and prophecy : prognostication and media change, 1450-1550
A biography of William Caxton : the first English editor, printer, merchant, and translator
The book in the Renaissance
Outlines of the history of printing in Finland
Christopher Plantin and engraved book illustrations in sixteenth-century Europe
The dawn of print was a major turning point in the early modern world. It rescued ancient learning from obscurity, transformed knowledge of the natural and physical world, and brought the thrill of book ownership to the masses. But, as Andrew Pettegree reveals, the story of the post-Gutenberg world was rather more complicated than we have often come to believe. "The Book in the Renaissance" reconstructs the first 150 years of the world of print, exploring the complex web of religious, economic and cultural concerns surrounding the printed word. From its very beginnings, the printed book had to straddle financial and religious imperatives, as well as the very different requirements and constraints of the many countries who embraced it, and, as Pettegree argues, the process was far from a runaway success. More than ideas, the success or failure of books depended upon patrons and markets, precarious strategies and the thwarting of piracy, and the ebb and flow of popular demand. Pettegree crafts an authoritative, lucid, and truly pioneering work of cultural history about a major development in the evolution of European society.
The role of trapping in population management of the spruce bark beetle Ips typographus (L.)
The Production of Books in England 1350-1500
Influence of temperature upon the development and voltinism of Ips typographus L. (Coleoptera, Scolytidae)
William Parks : the colonial printer in the transatlantic world of the eighteenth century
Reproduction and competition in the spruce bark beetle Ips typographus
Giambattista Bodoni : his life & his world
The palaeotypography of the French Renaissance : selected papers on sixteenth-century typefaces
Gutenberg and the impact of printing
Caxton's trace : studies in the history of English printing
Estimating risks for Spruce bark beetle (Ips typographus (L.)) damage using pheromone-baited traps and trees
Wynkyn de Worde, father of Fleet Street
This collection of thirteen essays examines sixteenth-century type design in France. Typefaces developed during this period were to influence decisively the typography of the centuries which followed, and they continue to influence a great many contemporary typefaces. The papers' common goal is to establish the paternity of the typefaces described and critically to appraise their attributions, many of which have previously been inadequately ascribed. Such an approach will be of interest to type historians and type designers seeking better-documented attributions, and to historians, philologists, and bibliographers, whose study of historical imprints will benefit from more accurate type descriptions. The papers and illustrations focus on the most important letter-cutters of the French Renaissance, including Simon de Colines, Robert Estienne, Claude Garamont, Robert Granjon, Pierre Haultin, and also include a number of minor masters of the period.
Selections from William Caxton
The coming of the book : the impact of printing, 1450-1800
