http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10788 rings (jewellery)
rings (jewellery)
Catalogue of the engraved gems und finger rings. 1, Greek and Etruscan
The hobbit
Rings : jewelry of power, love, and loyalty
Women and beauty in Pompeii
The hobbit, or There and back again
St. Trinian's II : Kick ass girls 2.
7000 years of jewelley
The ring : design, past and present
1000 rings : inspiring adornments for the hand
The rough guide to The lord of the rings
Taru sormusten herrasta : beyond the movie. Kuninkaan paluu
The lord of the rings. Part 2, The two towers
The lord of the rings and philosophy : one book to rule them all
The lord of the rings. Part 3, The return of the king
New rings : 500+ designs from around the world
Top top secret
Rings for the finger : from the earliest known times to the present, with full descriptions of the origin, early making, materials, the archaeology, history, for affection, for love, for engagement, for wedding, commemorative, mourning, etc
Pawn shop chronicles
I've got your number
The hobbit, or, There and back again
The Future Improvement of Darry Ring and its "only" Marketing Strategy
"In a hole in the ground there lived a hobbit. Not a nasty, dirty, wet hole, filled with the ends of worms and an oozy smell, nor yet a dry, bare, sandy hole with nothing in it to sit down on or to eat: it was a hobbit-hole, and that means comfort." Written for J.R.R. Tolkien’s own children, The Hobbit met with instant critical acclaim when it was first published in 1937. Now recognized as a timeless classic, this introduction to the hobbit Bilbo Baggins, the wizard Gandalf, Gollum, and the spectacular world of Middle-earth recounts of the adventures of a reluctant hero, a powerful and dangerous ring, and the cruel dragon Smaug the Magnificent. The text in this 372-page paperback edition is based on that first published in Great Britain by Collins Modern Classics (1998), and includes a note on the text by Douglas A. Anderson (2001). Unforgettable!
Knitted wire jewelry : techniques, projects, inspiration
The Hobbit : an unexpected journey
The ring : design: past and present
The lord of the rings. Part 1, The fellowship of the ring
The lord of the rings : The return of the king : visual companion
"Contemporary jewelry has been vitalized by a recent burst of innovative concepts, materials, and designers. A Girl's Best Friends is a compilation of the most creative pieces by outstanding jewelry designers from around the world.  The book features styles from glamorous to minimalistic, forms from geometric to organic, and materials from gold and silver to plastics and feathers.  It includes work ranging from new interpretations of necklaces, rings, bracelets, earrings, and brooches to more experimental forms of body decoration."
Taru sormusten herrasta : The lord of the rings. Sormuksen ritarit = The fellowship of the ring
Simply Pretty beading : adorn yourself with over 30 unique designs for sparkling necklaces, rings and more
Beautiful rings : stylish and imaginative projects
Sculptural metal clay jewelry : techniques+explorations
Maze : jewelry collection & entrepreneurship
Creative gold- and silversmithing : jewelry : decorative metalcraft
I ́ve got your number
The Hobbit, or, There and back again
Catalogue of the finger rings : early Christian, Teotonic, Mediaeval and later
The lord of the rings. The two towers : roleplaying adventure game
Ring repair
The Hobbit, or, there and back again
The Hobbit : an unexpected journey : 3D
A world of rings : Africa, Asia, America
I've Got Your Number
Simply modern jewelry : designs from the editor of Stringing magazine
Ladies collection of unique rings
7000 years of jewellery
Greek gems and finger rings : early Bronze Age to late Classical
Lady in red
The road goes ever on and on : the map of Tolkien's Middle-Earth
There and back again : an actor's tale : a behind-the-scenes look at The Lord of the Rings
Before You Buy an Engagement Ring : With a 4-step guide for making the right choice
The art of jewelry design : principles of design, rings and earrings
Sculptural metal clay jewelry : techniques + explorations
Rings : symbols of wealth, power and affection / Diana Scarisbrick
Historic rings : four thousand years of craftsmanship
The Rings Book
Accessories of dress : an illustrated encyclopedia
A girl's best friends : creative jewelry design
500 wedding rings : celebrating a classic symbol of commitment
Wood jewelry : 30 stylish projects
New rings: 500+ designs
The Lord of the Rings : a reader's companion
The lord of the rings
Hobitti : odottamaton matka : 3D = The hobbit : an unexpected journey
Rings : symbols of wealth, power and affection
Setting repair
Women and jewelry : a social approach to wearing and possessing jewelry
Crochet jewellery : 40 beautiful and unique designs / Waejong Kim & Anna Pulvermakher
The lord of the ring : a facies Christi finger ring from the crusade period cemetery in Taskula, Turku parish
The hobbit, : or There and back again
Beautiful beaded rings : over 30 unique and stylish designs
Taru sormusten herrasta. Kuninkaan paluu : beyond the movie : dokumentti
Schmuck : the jewelry of Karl Fritsch
The power of love : six centuries of diamond betrothal rings
The Hobbit
