http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10773 pricing
pricing
Business plan Around Lithuania Tours
Value-in-exchange or expected value-in-use
Developing a pricing tool for Flander Oy
Principles of contemporary marketing
Application of value-based pricing in industrial sector
Math principles for food service occupations
International export pricing decisions : managerial quidelines for SMEs
The entrepreneurial linguist : the business-school approach to freelance translation
No frills : the truth behind the low-cost revolution in the skies
Global airlines : competition in a transnational industry
Value pricing : how to maximise profits through effective pricing policies
Value finding process of commodity products in B2B sales.
Hotel pricing in a social world : driving value in the digital economy
Meat and fish management
Numerical methods for pricing options under jump-diffusion processes
The price law of the People's Republic of China = Zhonghua Renmin Gongheguo jiage fa
Information and default risk in financial valuation
Productisation : Case Kasve Ltd.
Principles and practice of marketing
Revisiting demand reactions to price changes
Catering : a guide to managing a successful business operation
Electricity futures term structure : evidence from Nord Pool
Placebo is for real : how to apply the placebo effect to consumer marketing
Underpricing of Initial Public Offerings : case: Ho Chi Minh Stock Exchange
The neglected firm effect : assessing the impact of analyst coverage on stock returns
An empirical investigation of warrant pricing on the Swedish market
Essays on mispricing in the Chinese stock market
Revenue models in embedded software business
Stock options as barrier contignent claims
Marketing for tourism
Creative arts marketing
Management accounting
The business and management of ocean cruises
Pricing for higher profit : criteria, methods, applications
Direct and indirect barriers to arbitrage : evidence from Hong Kong listed China's shares
Management by menu
The ROI of pricing : measuring the impact and making the business case
An introduction to petroleum technology, economics, and politics
The marketing digest
A quarterly wage and price model
As with executives and managers in so many other business functions, pricing specialists are being challenged more and more to substantiate the added value of their activities. Pricing is a core function of every business, and needs not only to contribute positively to short- and long-term results, but also to document its impact to the bottom line. A fundamental part of this is the pricing ROI calculations. This book, edited by globally renowned thought leaders Stephan Liozu and Andreas Hinterhuber, is the first to outline contemporary theories and best practices of documenting pricing ROI and make the case for pricing investments. It provides proven methods, practices and theories on how to calculate the impact of pricing activities on performance. Marketing ROI is now a common concept; this collection aims to do the same for pricing. Book jacket.
Measuring customer satisfaction by critical factor index in pricing process
Prices, profits and exchange rate uncertainty : the case of Bertrand competition in diffentiated goods
Whether you are an aspiring merchant or an industry veteran, this books strategic framework will help you build a solid foundation for your business in todays ever-evolving retail marketplace.
Creating strategic cost knowledge for management and product pricing decisions : case Company X
The existence of financial ratios related anomalies and testing the capital asset pricing model in emerging markets
Freemium economics : leveraging analytics and user segmentation to drive revenue
Essays on higher moments in macroeconomics and finance
The international oil market : OPEC pricing and development
Pricing decisions and the position constraint in foreign exchange dealing
Maximum loss calculation using scenario analysis, heavy tails and implied volatility patterns
Essays on nonlinear pricing and welfare
Co-creative pricing (CCP): A conceptual development of consumers? participation in pricing practicing in services (Yhteistyö Lapin yo:n kanssa)
Price theory and applications
Product development : case: escorted tour to Namibia and Cape Town for tour operator Aventura
Pricing Model and Strategy for a Water Park Using Revenue Management Tactics
Breakfast at Sotheby's : an A-Z of the art world
On two-tier pricing of shared facilities
Consumer price utility structure : comparison of results derived with conjoint measurement and an exploratory price utility structure scale
Readings in marketing
Different approaches to the estimation of economic conversion factors to be used in project appraisal / historical evolution and prospects / by Juan Alario
Menu planning and foods merchandising
SUCCESS FACTORS OF A CHINESE RESTAURANT
Fundamental principles of restaurant cost control
Optimal pricing of network services : a contingent valuation survey
Robust ranking of customers in flight-bookings
Essentials of marketing
Profit planning : for hospitality and tourism
STRATEGIC MARKETING PLAN IN PRODUCT LIFE CYCLE
Essays on competition in e-markets
Co-creative pricing (CCP) : a conceptual development of consumers’ participation in pricing practicing in services
Examining and modeling the dynamics of the volatility surface : an empirical study of the DAX and ESX options market
How to write a marketing plan
Pricing printing and writing papers : a theoretical approach
Inefficient pricing of subscription rights : new evidence from Nordic rights issues
Improving the request for quotation process : a research on price-related requests for quotations
Essays on expectations and the econometrics of asset pricing
Comparison of alternative roundwood pricing systems - a simulation approach
The retail value proposition : crafting unique experiences at compelling prices
Essays on international price rigidities and exchange rates
Pricing of new unseasoned issues on the Finnish OTC market
Equity premium and consumption disasters : Lucas-tree model with power utility
100 great cost-cutting ideas : from leading companies around the world
Pricing of Finnish index-linked notes
The essentials of tableside cookery
Menu pricing and strategy
Proofreading market viability for Native English Solutions
Markov Chain Monte Carlo estimation of stochastic volatility models with finite and infinite activity Lévy jumps : evidence for efficient models and algorithms
Essays on option-implied information
An introduction to revenue management for the hospitality industry : principles and practices for the real world
Designing value-based pricing strategy for Company X
Exporting Long Drink to Vietnam :
case: A Finnish Brewery
Dynamic pricing agreements of Norwegian hotels from the corporate accounts perspective
Conjoint measurement application to analysis of consumer price utility structure
The Development of the Transfer Pricing Process
Dynamic pricing : strategies to grow proftis in the hospitality industry in the 21st century
Formula apportionment and transfer pricing under oligopolistic competition : Søren Bo Nielsen, Pascalis Raimondos-Møller, Guttorm Schjelderup
Cambridge marketing handbook : Pricing points
Bids, tenders and proposals : winning business through best practice
Implementation of common cost estimation tool in KRP division : Andritz Oy, KRP Division, Varkaus
Price dispersion between large and small firms
Service contract as a screening device
Accounting essentials for hospitality managers
Pricing strategies
How do quality metrics influence the price of an outsourcing contract? : a case study of co-sourcing in the call center field
Managerial accounting for the hospitality industry
Pan-European pricing of consumer goods
The Oxford handbook of pricing management
Essays on empirical asset pricing
Economic perspectives on automated demand responsive transportation and shared taxi services : analytical models and simulations for policy analysis
Pricing is about deciding your market position whereas revenue management is the strategic and tactical decisions firms take in order to optimize revenues and profits. This book offers insights into research, theories, applications and innovations and how to makes these work in different industries.
Menu planning : a blueprint for better profits
The successful marketing plan : how to create dynamic, results-oriented marketing
Practical maintenance and equipment for hoteliers, licensees and caterers : vol. I
Pricing professional services : case: Musiikkipäällikkö
Pricing the risk of the quality-guarantee in a stand establishment service
Modeling the implied volatility smile : the sticky-delta smile approximation
Luxury retail management : how the world ́s top brands provide quality product and service support
Fashion marketing
Creating Efficiency through Defining and Utilizing Synergies in the Field of Logistics : Case study : Tampere Regional Transport Research
Marketing your business
Menu : pricing & strategy
Modern portfolio theory, the capital asset pricing model, and arbitrage pricing theory : a user's guide
Asset pricing theory and tests : vol. 1. Volume 1.
Black & scholes option pricing model and employee stock option valuation
The effect of audit partner's experience on audit fees
Rationale for adopting activity-based costing in hospitals:three longitudinal case studies
Justifying profitable pricing
Pricing for profit : how to command higher prices for your products and services
Hospitality industry managerial accounting
Pricing : making profitable decisions
Essays on small open economy macroeconomics
Businesss model generation for a nonprofit organization : Pirkanmaan Protopajaverkosto
Pricing decisions
Cost accounting : a managerial emphasis
Algorithms for price computation in shipment reservation systems
Pricing for profit
Cheap : the real cost of the global trend for bargains, discounts & consumer choice
Empirical tests of modern asset pricing models in the United States stock market
Print estimator's handbook
Retail category management : decision support systems for assortment, shelf space, inventory and price planning
Perception-based pricing strategies for mobile services in customer marketing context
Introducing a New Business Model : Die Storage Service for Purso Oy
Art Inc : the essential guide for building your career as an artist
In a closed market, roundwood buyers pricing system affect the roundwood flow from the stands to different roundwood users. If a buyer is capable to discriminate higher value stands from low quality stands better than its competitors, the buyer should be able to buy better raw material. In the study, a discrete event simulation was used to examine the effect of residual value appraisal (RVA) -based pricing of roundwood by log dimensions and grades compared to the traditional pricing based on average unit prices (UP) of roundwood assortments on roundwood flow. The core of the simulation model was the data containing 51 pine dominated stands from southern Finland. Sample trees were theoretically bucked by the bucking simulator in order to estimate the volumes, dimensions and grades of the logs and roundwood assortments. The simulation model of roundwood markets included four roundwood buyers, two corporations and two saw milling enterprises. The main finding of the study was that the buyers who use RVA gains an advantage and receives better quality compared to buyers who use UP. As the number of buyers using RVA increases, the competition increased and the advantage decreased..
Airport marketing
How to price your products and services
Pricing strategy : reconciling customer needs and company objectives
Measuring willingness to pay for electricity : July 2002
Development of feasibility tool
Implementing a purchase web portal
Revenue management : a practical pricing perspective
Pricing : policies and procedures
Guide to international transfer pricing : law, tax planning and compliance strategies
Cutting-edge marketing analytics : real world cases and data sets for hands on learning
The day of the week effect and option pricing : a study of the German option market
Pricing index options with stochastic volatility : on the efficiency of the square root model
A common problem in the hospitality industry, perishable products and services, has led hoteliers to seek for new strategies in their pricing. Revenue management is a relatively new science that mixes together different revenue optimizing strategies. Dynamic pricing, a part of revenue management, is a familiar concept in the hotel industry and was presented to buyers about a decade ago. Dynamic pricing is already in use with the published daily rates of hotels, and increasingly with corporate clients. In dynamic pricing, the daily rate follows the demand and it is controlled by a revenue manager or sophisticated automated systems. There are buyers who perceive dynamic pricing as a positive value and others who perceive it as a negative value to their business. The question is how hotels can successfully implement a communication strategy that increases their customers' acceptance towards dynamic pricing.     The purpose of this thesis is to determine the reasons behind the negative perceptions of the corporate customers who rather use static accommodation agreements than agreements based on dynamic pricing. The thesis focuses on buyers who use accommodation services in Norway. This study tries to understand what corporate customers think about the dynamic pricing and how much they know about the topic.     Literature about revenue management and dynamic pricing is scarce. For this reason, the qualitative research method was chosen to support and strengthen the secondary data. The primary data was gathered by interviewing companies in English or Norwegian. The interviews were high-structured, because the author wanted to penetrate the research problem and to find certain patterns in the research sample. The companies were interviewed face-to-face, on telephone or by email.     The results revealed that the buyers are not familiar with dynamic pricing and do not see how they could benefit from it. In general, the customers wanted to continue to use the static corporate agreements and not dynamic pricing. The information they have received from the hotels was mostly in the form of price examples that did not suit their travel profile. Further information and open communication were wished from the suppliers' side. Dynamic pricing was also seen as harmful for the customer relations, even though modern revenue management should be customer-oriented. The companies acknowledged that dynamic pricing is here to stay and they were willing to test it in the form of hybrid agreements if their key destina-tions were not involved.
A framework for marketing management : integrated with Pharmasim
Pricing Strategies and Customer Retention : The Case of Airtel (T) Ltd
Customer engagement behaviors and purchase value
Development of a fair charging model for a public data center : case : Kuntien Tiera Oy, Turku
Value-based pricing of ICT services at CitiusNet Ltd
Pricing : principles and practices
The pricing of American put options on stock with dividends
Hospitality marketing management
The pricing journey : the organizational transformation toward pricing excellence
Bundled sales as self-selection devise
Nowadays embedded software is adapted into many areas. Recently, the industry has recorded a phenomenal growth exceeding the software product industry by employing a large number of software developers. However, given the global competition and international pressures the industry faces, companies are meeting constant challenges forcing them to look for innovative ways to improve revenues. The objective of this thesis is to demonstrate how the revenues can be improved and maximized in embed-ded software business. For the embedded software industry, there are not many studies that discuss appropri-ate revenue models. One intention is to determine the current existing revenue models in other industries. In doing so, the research seeks to identify workable revenue models that can be applied for embedded software business. Revenue innovation requires an understanding of the potential revenue sources, the profitability of each revenue stream. It is also necessary to know what value to offer, how to price the value, and who compensates for the value. In this range, the revenue model is a framework of the revenue generation. The theoretical framework of this study was based on the examination of the concept of the revenue model and its inter-connection to other related concepts such as strategy and business models. The study was exploratory focusing on a literature review. The analytical approach was qualitative and the study data was concentrated on earlier studies. As a result, the research found a considerable range of revenue models that could be applied depending on the software application. At least five revenue streams in princi-pal the embedded software companies can consider as sources of revenue. These reve-nue streams are, direct product sale, version upgrade, software maintenance, compo-nentization and value integration..
Nonlinear pricing
The price advantage
Values, prices of production and changes in the level of prices
A Calculation Model of Service Business Potential –  Case LKI Käldman Ltd.
Valuation of Stock Options
A model of the price mechamism
Marketing planning : a global perspective
Comparative analysis of two department stores : case Veljekset Keskinen Ltd and Gekås
Business analysis : Microsoft Excel 2010
Pricing
Exposure of Finnish property returns to macroeconomic variables
Risks and prospects of smart electric grids systems measured with real options
Explanation for valuation of different size and value versus growth stocks in Helsinki Stock Exchange
Introduction to sport marketing
The formation and role of reference prices in the choice of consumer services
Pricing accounting services in a micro enterprise : Case: Accounting Entrepreneurship in the Northern Ostrobothnia Region
Underpricing of initial public offerings : information asymmetry
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Food cost control
Spatial pricing and competition
Strategic pricing possibilities of grocery retailers : an empirical study
Cruise management : information and decision support systems
User charge estimation in numeric online databases : a methodology
Advances in hospitality and leisure
Food product development based on experience
Finnish independent software vendors' international pricing : a survey study among TIEKE's IT-cluster members
Power pricing : how managing price transforms the bottom line
