http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10785 music libraries
music libraries
Music librarianship at the turn of the century
Dynamic worship : mission, grace, praise, and power : a manual for strengthening the worship life of twelve keys congregations
Catalogue of medieval manuscript fragments in the Helsinki University Library : Fragmenta membranea. 4:1, Antiphonaria : text
Fontes artis musicae
Finland's scientific music libraries
Fontes Artis Musicae
The North Calotte Library Conference proceedings : the new media in northern culture, the library - accessing the information highway, music - a world language : 16-18 August, 1995, Rovaniemi, Finland
Musical pursuits : selected essays
This ebook presents an account of Hereford Cathedral, its buildings and development from the Anglo-Saxon times to the 20th century and looks at its institutional history, musical tradition, cathedral school, archives and library, as well as its surroundings and dependent buildings, giving a good introduction to the Cathedral and its rich background.
Fontes artis musicae : journal of the International Association of Music Libraries, Archives and Documentation Centres (IAML)
Organizing music in libraries
Music librarianship : A practical guide
Private music collections : catalogs and cognate literature
General orientation
Information sources in music
The music performance library : a practical guide for orchestra, band and opera librarians
A companion to digital humanities
Insights and essays on the music performance library
Crescendo : bulletin of the International Association of Music Libraries (New Zealand Branch)
Can music (libraries) predict our future?
The new worship : straight talk on music and the church
The British worship collection
Fontes artis musicae. Volume IV 1957
The North Calotte Library Conference proceedings : the new media in northern culture : the library - accessing the information highway : music - a world language : 16-18 August, 1995, Rovaniemi, Finland
Music library and research skills
The source : the definitive worship collection
Leevi Madetojan teokset = The works of Leevi Madetoja
The American worship collection
Notes : the quarterly journal of the Music Library Association
Library research guide to music : illustrated search strategy and sources
Directory of music research libraries. Vol. 2, Sixteen European countries
Protest & praise : sacred music of Black religion
American music librarianship : a research and information guide
Tunes of glory : what music is good enough for God?
Fontes artis musicae. Volume I 1954
Music reference services quarterly
A Basic Music Library : Essential scores and books
Fragmenta membranea IV : inventory of sources of medieval Latin chant in Finland
Finland's culture in figures 2006
Directory of music research libraries. Vol. 3,1, Sixteen European countries
Music, culture, and the library : an analysis of discourses
Thematic catalogue of the works of Muzio Clementi
Directory of music research libraries : including contributors to the International inventory of musical sources (RISM). Pt. 2, Thirteen European countries
Directory of music research libraries. Vol. 4, Australia, Israel, Japan, New Zealand
State songs of the United States : an annotated anthology
Notes : quarterly journal of the Music Library Association
Catalogue of medieval manuscript fragments in the Helsinki University Library : fragmenta membranea. 4 : Antiphonaria 1 : text
Music and the arts in Christian worship
The Australian worship collection. Book two
Reader in music librarianship
Make music to our God : how we sing the Psalms
White soul : country music, the church and working americans
Music in video production
New Mission praise
Intelligent music information systems : tools and methodologies
CIRECTORY OF MUSIC LIBRARIES IN FINLAND=SUOMALAIS
Fontes artis musicae. Volume V 1958
Library acquisition of music
Arts and culture in Helsinki
You can lead singing : a song leader's manual
Subject access and content description of sound effects in internet environment : Tampere Polytechnic Library,  Digital sound library project : project report
The cathedral church of Hereford : a description of its fabric and a brief history of the episcopal see
Alan Lomax, assistant in charge : the Library of Congress letters, 1935-1945
Music librarianship in the United Kingdom : fifty years of the United Kingdom Branch of the International Association of Music Libraries, Archives, and Documentation Centres
Library networking in Europe : European conference : 12-14 October 1994, Brussels
Music librarianship
A short history of English church music
Directory of music research libraries. Vol. 5, Czechoslovakia, Hungary, Poland, Yugoslavia
Directory of music research libraries. Vol. 1, Canada
New songs and stoneleigh 97/98
Kidsource : super songs for church and school
Black hymnody : a hymnological history of the African-American church
Fontes artis musicae. Volume II 1955
Public libraries and Finnish music
The Jean Sibelius musical manuscripts at Helsinki University Library : a complete catalogue = Die Musikhandschriften von Jean Sibelius in der Universitätsbibliothek Helsinki : ein vollständiges Verzeichnis
Guide to writing collection development policies for music
Notes : a quarterly journal of the Music Library Association
Catalogue of medieval manuscript fragments in the Helsinki University Library : fragmenta membranea. 4, Antiphonaria 2 : Plates
Two Finnish public music libraries
Music, libraries, and the academy : essays in honor of Lenore Coral
