http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10796 lichens
lichens
Buellia species with pluriseptate spores and the Physciaceae ( Lecanorales, Ascomycetina) : Taxonomic, phylogenetic and ultrastructural studies
Plants of British Columbia : scientific and common names of vascular plants, bryophytes, and lichens
Lichens and air quality in White Mountain National Forest Wilderness Area : final report ; USDA 40-1484-7-614
Cyanobacteria and their toxins in lichen symbiosis
Lichens and air quality in Acadia National Park : report ; supported National Park Service. Contract CX 0001-2-0034
Characterisation of Cladonia rangiferina transcriptome and genome, and the effects of dehydration and rehydration on its gene expression
From a tree to a stand in Finnish boreal forests : biomass estimation and comparison of methods
Common Interior Alaska cryptogams : fungi, lichenicolous fungi, lichenized fungi, slime molds, mosses and liverworts
Wildlife conservation and lichens
Atlas rozmieszczenia roślin zarodnikowych w Polsce = Atlas of geographical distribution of spore-plants in Poland. Ser. 3:2, Porosty = Lichens (Lichenes)
Checklist of lichenized and lichenicolous fungi from Colombia
Macrolichens of Nova Scotia : a provisional checklist
Lichens : sensitive indicators of changes in the forest environment
Identification of lichen substances
CRC handbook of lichenology. Vol. 1
Anderson and Shushan : Lichens of western North America. Fasc. 6, Nos. 126-150
Multiple-use of tradeoffs in Swedish mountain region forests
Liquens da floresta com araucária no Rio Grande do Sul = Flechten des Araukarienwaldes von Rio Grande do Sul = Lichens of the Araucaria forest of Rio Grande do Sul
Flora of Australia. Volume 57, Lichens 5
Lichens and air quality in Isle Royale National Park : final report ; supported National Park Service. Contract CX 0001-2-0034
Saxicolus species of Porina Müll. Arg. (Trichotheliaceae) in the southern hemisphere
Biodiversity documentation for Kerala. part 3, lichens
Catalogue of the lichens from India, Nepal, Pakistan and Ceylon
The macrolichens of Alaska
Foliicolous lichens of India
The lichen family Sphaerophoracae (Caliciales, Ascomycotina) in temperate areas of the Southern Hemisphere
Ecological efficiency of voluntary conservation of boreal-forest biodiversity
Terricolous lichens in India. Volume 2, Morphotaxonomic studies
Lichen flora of Central India
Saxicolous lichen and bryophyte communities in Upland Britain
Lichens of Uttar Pradesh
British Lichen Society : golden anniversary calender 1958-2008
Food for free
Glucocorticoid receptors in inflammatory skin diseases:the effect of systemic and topical glucocorticoid treatment on the expression of GRα and GRβ
Macrolichens of Sikkim
The lichen symbiosis
Mass loss of epiphytic lichen litter in a boreal forest
The lichen flora of the Island of Vega in Nordland, Northern Norway
Indian lichens : an annotated checklist
Lichens of South Australia
Ecology of epiphytic lichens in main Estonian forest types
Revision of the genus Solorina (Lichenes) in Europe based on spore size variation
CRC handbook of lichenology. Vol. 3
Glucocorticoid receptors in inflammatory skin diseases : the effect of systemic and topical glucocorticoid treatment on the expression of GRα and GRβ
Guide to common urban lichens 1 : (on trees and wood)
Mosses and lichens : a popular guide to identification and study of our commoner mosses and lichens, their uses and methods of preserving
Lichens of the Namib Desert : a guide to their identification
Lichens and air quality in Boundary Water Canoe Area of Superior National Forest : final report ; supported by National Forest Service. Contract 43-63A9-5-867
Checklist of lichens of Great Britain and Ireland
Lichens and air quality in Okefenokee National Wildlife Refuge : final report ; supported by U.S. Fish and Wildlife Servise USDI.14-16-0009-1566 # 4
Lichens and lichenicolous fungi from New Guinea
Mosses, epiphytic lichens and tree bark as biomonitors for air pollutants : specifically for heavy metals in regional surveys
Lichens of St. Helena
Biotic soil crust lichens of the Columbia Basin
Saxicolous lichens of India : checklist and keys
Lichens of Xinjiang
Permanent exhibition of lichens, mosses and tree fungi
Preliminary studies on the yellow species of Rhizocarpon
Chlorophyll degradation effected by lichen substances
Forestry and reindeer herding in northern Sweden : estimating forest management effects and opportunity costs in a winter grazing area
Effects of forest-fuel harvesting on the diversity of dead wood and epixylic macrolichens in clear-cuts
The vanishing lichens : their history, biology and importance
Species delimitation in four long-spored species of Dermatocarpon in the Nordic countries
Culture experiments and DNA sequence data confirm the identity of Lobaria photomorphs
The lichens of the Tatry mountains
Lichen-forming and lichenicolous fungi of Korea
A microscopical atlas of some tropical lichens from SE-Asia : (Thailand, Cambodia, Philippines, Vietnam). Volume 2
International lichenological newsletter : official publication of the International Association for Lichenology
Lichens of Maharashtra
Atlas rozmieszczenia roślin zarodnikowych w Polsce = Atlas of geographical distribution of spore-plants in Poland. Ser. 3:6, Porosty = Lichens (Lichenes)
A bibliographic guide to the lichen floras of the world
Pathogenesis and host specificity in plant diseases : histopathological, biochemical, genetic and molecular bases. Vol. 2, Eukaryotes
A popular history of British lichens : comprising an account of their structure, reproduction, uses, and classification
Common lichens of Ohio field guide
Lichen-flora of Great Britain, Ireland and The Channel Islands
A compendium of the macrolichens from India, Nepal and Sri Lanka
Ekology of epiphytic lichens in main Estonian forest types = Ėkologija ėpifitnyh lišajnikov v osnovnyh tipah lesa Ėstonii
A CLALS mini guide to some common California lichens
This is a stimulating guide to over 200 Irish lichens. The book features colour photographs and maps to aid identification. Each description includes appropriate spot test results, spore size, and notes on the habitat/substrate that the lichen is most likely to occupy, and much more.
Eesti puudel kasvavad suursamblikud = epiphytic macrolichens of Estonia = epifitnye makrolišajniki Èstonii = Эпифитные макролишайники Эстониии
Epiphyllic cover on spruce needles in Denmark
Diversity and distribution pattern of bryophytes and vascular plants in a boreal spruce forest
Lichens of Ireland : an illustrated introduction to over 250 species
Effects of reindeer grazing and forestry on ground lichens in Finnish Lapland
Lichens and air quality in Lye Brook Wilderness of the Green Mountain National Forest : final report ; supported by U.S.D.A. Forest Service Contract 42-649
Lichens of the Straits Counties, Michigan
Atlas of the geographical distribution of lichens in Poland = Atlas rozmieszczenia geograficznego porostów w Polsce. 2
Atlas rozmieszczenia roślin zarodnikowych w Polsce = Atlas of geographical distribution of spore-plants in Poland. Ser. 3:4, Porosty = Lichens (Lichenes)
Lichens to biomonitor the environment
The brown fruticose species of Cetraria
Atlas rozmieszczenia roślin zarodnikowych w Polsce = Atlas of geographical distribution of spore-plants in Poland. Ser. 3:1, Porosty = Lichens (Lichenes)
Macrolichens of the Pacific Northwest
Biogeography, landscapes, ecosystems and species of Zaonezhye Peninsula, in Lake Onega, Russian Karelia
Studies on the species of the lichen Genera Cornicularia, Cetraria and Nephromopsis
A text-book of general lichenology: with descriptions and figures of the Genera occuring in the Northeastern United States
Studies on the lichen flora of Norway
Germplasm diversity and evaluation : algae, fungi, and lichens
Flora of the Guianas. Series E, Fungi and lichens. Fasc. 3 / 'Cladoniaceae' / (T. Ahti & H.J.M. Sipman)
Anderson and Shushan : Lichens of western North America. Fasc. 5, Nos 101-125
Atlas rozmieszczenia roślin zarodnikowych w Polsce = Atlas of geographical distribution of spore-plants in Poland. Ser. 3:5, Porosty = Lichens (Lichenes)
Lichen diversity on stems, slash and stumps in managed boreal forests : impact of whole-tree harvest
Taxonomy and phylogeny of the 'manna lichens' and allied species (Megasporaceae)
A microscopical atlas of some tropical lichens from SE-Asia : (Thailand, Cambodia, Philippines, Vietnam). Volume 1
Taxonomy, phylogeny and biogeography of the the lichen genus Peltigera in Papua New Guinea
Lichen flora of Sundarbans Biosphere Reserve, West Bengal
Reindeer herding and modern forestry : the historical impacts on forests of two main land users in northern Sweden
Checklist of lichens and allied fungi of Finland
Terricolous lichens in India. Volume 1, Diversity patterns and distribution ecology
Group selection silvicultural systems for high-elevation forests (ESSFwc3) to maintain caribou habitat in the Cariboo region
Summary.
Glucocorticoids are the most important and widely used treatment modality in dermatology. A large variety of topical as well as systemic preparations is available. Most patients treated with glucocorticoids respond quickly to the treatment, but some are considered insensitive or even resistant to glucocorticoid therapy. Currently, there is no known measurable variable, through which the response can be predicted.Glucocorticoids mediate their actions through glucocorticoid receptors (GR). Several isoforms of GR exist, but the α (GRα) and β (GRβ) isoforms are clinically the most important. Based on previous studies, it has been proposed that the abundance of GR isoforms or the GRβ: GRα –ratio could affect individual responsiveness to corticosteroid treatment. In particular, up-regulation of GRβ expression has been shown to be linked to resistance to corticosteroid treatment.This thesis comprises three sub-studies. Firstly, we wanted to determine whether GRα and GRβ are expressed in inflammatory skin diseases. Secondly, we examined if the expression is altered by corticosteroid treatment in eczema atopicum, bullous pemphigoid and psoriasis. Finally, we measured the effects of a topical vitamin D3 analogue (calcipotriol) combined with betamethasone compared with betamethasone monotherapy on inflammatory biomarkers of psoriasis.Our studies provide detailed novel data about the expression of GRα and GRβ. GRα and GRβ were shown to be expressed in the blood lymphocytes and lesional skin of patients with eczema atopicum, bullous pemphigoid and psoriasis, as well as in the skin of patients with eczema nummulare, lichen simplex chronicus and lichen ruber planus. Systemic corticosteroid treatment was shown to affect the expression of GRα and GRβ in eczema atopicum and bullous pemphigoid, but the inconsistent variation in their expression between patients prevented us from drawing firm conclusions. Neither GRα nor GRβ as a single marker were found to be a suitable predictor of corticosteroid responsiveness. Clinical and laboratory analyses showed that topical treatment of psoriasis with calcipotriol/betamethasone combination ointment is more beneficial measured by both than betamethasone monotherapy.
Atlas rozmieszczenia roślin zarodnikowych w Polsce = Atlas of geographical distribution of spore-plants in Poland. Ser. 3:7, Porosty = Lichens (Lichenes)
The lichens and allied fungi of the Polish Carpathians : an annotated checklist
Phylogeny of the genus Cladonia s.lat. (Cladoniaceae, Ascomycetes) inferred from molecular, morphological, and chemical data
Field investigations on cyanobacterial specificity in Peltigera aphtosa
A revision of Cladonia stricta
Taxonomy and phylogeny of dermatokarpon (Verrucariales, Lichenized Ascomycotina) with special emphasis on the Nordic species
Atlas rozmieszczenia roślin zarodnikowych w Polsce = Atlas of geographical distribution of spore-plants in Poland. Ser. 3:9, Porosty = Lichens (Lichenes)
Genetic diversity of Nostoc symbionts endophytically associated with two bryophyte species
Diversity of lichen species in Estonia : influence of regional and local factors
Fungi and lichens in the Baltic Region : abstracts
Catalogue of lichens in Japan, 1879-2000
Lepraria friabilis, a new species from Eastern North America
Images from Lichenes Australasici Exsiccati and of other characteristic Australasian Lichens. Volume 2
Lichens of the north woods
Checklist of the lichens and lichenicolous fungi of the Iberian Peninsula and Balearic Islands
Parmelioid lichens in India : (a revisionary study)
Multiple indicators of human impacts on the environment in the Pechora Basin, north-eastern European Russia
Josefpoeltia parva, a new combination in Josefpoeltia (Teloschistaceae)
A field guide to California lichens
Flora of New Zealand lichens : including lichen-forming and lichenicolous fungi. Volumes 1+2, Abrothallus - Pachyphiale ; Pannaria - Zwackhiomyces
The lichens and allied fungi of Great Smoky Mountains National Park : an annotated checklist with comprehensive keys
Oral lichen planus – etiopathogenesis and management
Host range of lichenivorous moths with special reference to nutritional quality and chemical defence in lichens
The British species of angiocarpous lichens, elucidated by their sporidia
Retention forestry and intensified biomass harvest : epiphytic lichen assemblages under opposing ecological effects in pine-dominated boreal forests
The lichen genus Ochrolechia in Europe
Atlas rozmieszczenia roślin zarodnikowych w Polsce = Atlas of geographical distribution of spore-plants in Poland. Ser. 3:3, Porosty = Lichens (Lichenes)
Flora Neotropica : monograph. 103, Foliicolous lichenized fungi
Effect of logging on the threatened epiphytic lichen Usnea longissima : a comparative and retrospective approach
Influence of ground substrate on establishment of reindeer lichen after artificial dispersal
Lichen ecology
Terricolous lichens, a habitat specialist group of lichens play a vital role in maintenance and ecological stability of soil crusts with reference to their physical stability, hydrology and growth of soil microflora. Terricolous lichens in Indian lichenological studies haven't been taken up as a functional group. Terricolous Lichens in India, Volume 1: Diversity Patterns and Distribution Ecology is the first ever publication dealing with soil lichens of India. Divided into five chapters, this volume discusses the lichenological researches in India with reference to terricolous lichens, the altitudinal distribution patterns of terricolous lichens, comparative assessment of distribution with global patterns, and the photobiont diversity and influence of novel molecular clades of photobiont in determining ecological preferences of soil lichens in India.
Exmoor woodland lichens survey 1987-1988
Cryptogamic botany
Common lichens of Jordan
Hypotrachyna (Parmeliaceae, lichenized fungi)
Lichen atlas of the British Isles
Phylogenetic analysis of ITS and group I intron sequences from European and North American samples of cetrarioid lichens
Two New Zealand species of Peltigera revisited
Notes on the chemical and morphological variation of the lichen Ophioparma ventosa in East Fennoscandia
Notes on the lichen flora of the mountains Saana and Malla in NW Finland
Terricolous lichens, a habitat specialist group of lichens play a vital role in maintenance and ecological stability of soil crusts with reference to their physical stability, hydrology and growth of soil microflora. Terricolous Lichens in India, Volume 2: Morphotaxonomic Studies is the first lichenological study of this functional group. Based upon extensive field collections and the investigation of approximately 4,500 specimens preserved in various national and international herbariums, Terricolous Lichens in India: Volume 2: Morphotaxonomic Studies focuses on the morphotaxonomy of terricolous lichens in India. Divided into two chapters, the first chapter describes the basics of soil lichen curation from Indian habitats, presents the various morpho-anatomical and chemical techniques for taxonomic identification, and introduces the morpho-anatomical features of terricolous lichens. The second chapter focuses on the taxonomy of 312 terricolous lichen species and includes detailed identification keys and taxonomic descriptions. Written by experts in the field and complemented with over 50 color photoplates and maps, Terricolous Lichens in India: Volume 2: Morphotaxonomic Studies is a valuable resource for researchers and students interested in the field of lichenology.
Lichens from the west and north coasts of Spitsbergen and the north-east land : collected by numerous expeditions. 1, The macrolichens
Molecular data show that Bryoria fremontii and B. tortuosa (Parmeliaceae) are conspecific
Lichen-forming, lichenicolous, and allied fungi of Israel
Images from Lichenes Australasici Exsiccati and of other characteristic Australasian Lichens. Volume 1
Census catalogue of Irish lichens
Range extensions of selected pin-lichens and allied fungi in the Pacific Northwest
Cyanolichens : an evolutionary overview
CRC handbook of lichenology. Vol. 2
Foliicolous lichens of the world : a review
Lichens on indian monuments biodeterioration and biomonitoring
Taxonomic studies on saxicolous species of the genus Rinodina (lichenized Ascomycetes, Physiaceae) in the southern hemisphere with emphasis in Australia and New Zealand
Phylogenetic hypotheses: Cladoniaceae, Stereocaulaceae, Baeomycetaceae, and Icmadophilaceae revisited
Lichens and air quality in Grand Portage National Monument : final report ; supported by National Park Service Contract USDA 42-649
A new checklist of the lichen-forming, lichenicolous and allied fungi occurring in Finland is presented. It contains 1458 lichen taxa and an additional 166 taxa of lichenicolous and allied fungi, for a total of 1624 taxa, of which many are new to Finland. The provincial distribution of each taxon is indicated. The Finnish and Swedish vernacular names are given for many species and genera. Numerous new Finnish names are introduced. The species listed as threatened in Finland are classified into six categories. A special symbol is used to indicate if the nomenclatural type material is from Finland.
The lichens of British Columbia : rare species and priorities for inventory
Checklist of Japanese lichens
