http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10862 mycotoxins
mycotoxins
Microbial growth in building materials and toxigenic microbes in indoor environment
The mycotoxin blue book
Mycotoxins : in human and animal health
The groundnut aflatoxin problem : review and literature database
Mycotoxins and N-nitroso compounds: environmental risks. 1
Study on trichothecenes, zearalenone and ochratoxin A in Finnish cereals : occurrence and analytical techniques
Damp building moulds : assessment of sensitization in patients and studies into mechanisms of airway inflammation using experimental models
Silage contains a number of potential hazards to the safety and quality of milk and dairy products. This paper reviews the present knowledge about silage as a source of (1) spores of anaerobic spore-formers (Clostridium species) and aerobic spore-formers (mainly Bacillus and Paenibacillus species), (2) the zoonotic pathogenic bacteria Listeria monocytogenes and Escherichia coli, and (3) mycotoxins. A distinction is made between field-derived mycotoxins, i.e. mycotoxins that are formed during growth of crops in the field, and ensilage-derived mycotoxins, i.e. mycotoxins that are formed after ensiling. The routes of transmission of these hazards from feed to milk, the effect of pasteurization of milk, and reduction strategies are discussed. Aerobic deterioration of silages is a major factor influencing levels of spores of both aerobic and anaerobic spore-formers, L. monocytogenes, and certain mycotoxins.
Distribution and fate of ochratoxin A in experimental animals
Introduction to food-borne fungi
Bioactive compounds in foods
The extracts of Aspergillus niger, Lactobacillus lactis and Nigella sativa seeds as aflatoxin and growth inhibitors of Aspergillus flavus were screened. Minimal inhibitory (MIC) and minimal fungicidal (MFC) concentrations of the extracts were determined. N. sativa seeds extract showed a higher inhibitory effect than the other two bioagents extracts. The results show that N. sativa extract inhibits growth and aflatoxin production, which may be due to a reduction in lipid biosynthesis in the toxin producing cultures. The correlation between versicolorin A accumulation and aflatoxin biosynthesis by A. flavus Link was also discussed. It could be of significant importance as bio-preservatives in the prevention and control of aflatoxin production.
Mycotoxins : chemical, biological and environmental aspects
The effect of different tillage-fertilization practices on the mycoflora of wheat grains
Phytotoxins and plant pathogenesis
Mycotoxicological studies on Stachybotrys alternans
Fungal species and multiple mycotoxin contamination of cultivated forage crops
Effect of some bioagents on growth and toxin production of  Aspergillus flavus Link
Ochratoxin A in cereals, foodstuffs and human plasma
The biosynthetic gene cluster of the estrogenic mycotoxin zearalenone from the plant pathogenic fungus Fusarium graminearum
Summary.
Wheat grain samples from 108 fields in Slovakia were analysed for their technological quality parameters and deoxynivalenol (DON) content. A total of 206 samples were sorted into those that were suitable (S; n = 186) and those that were unsuitable for human consumption (U; n = 20). The S samples were sorted into grain quality grades (E - elite; A - standard; B - minimum; P - biscuit). The natural occurrences of DON were 72.3 % in the E; 84.9 % in the A; 86.1 % in the B; 58.1 % in the P and 100.0 % in the U samples. The mean DON content was 0.55 mg kg−1 in the E; 0.47 mg kg−1 in the A; 0.67 mg kg−1 in the B; 0.36 mg kg−1 in the P and 1.67 mg kg−1 in the U samples. The natural mean DON contamination of the human consumption samples was lower (0.52 mg kg−1) than for the samples that were unsuitable for human consumption (1.67 mg kg−1).
Bioaerosols, fungi and mycotoxins : health effects, assessment, prevention and control
Environmental mycology in public health : fungi and mycotoxins risk assessment and management
Mycotoxins and other fungal related food problems : a symposium sponsored by the Division of Agricultural and Food Chemistry at the 168th Meeting of the American Chemical Society, Atlantic City, N. J.,Sept. 11-13, 1974
Manuals of food quality control. 10, Training in mycotoxins analysis
Introduction to food- and airborne fungi
Silage and the safety and quality of dairy foods : a review
Contents of trichothecenes in oats during official variety, organic cultivation and nitrogen fertilization trials in Finland
Toxigenic diversity of two different RAPD groups of Stachybotrys chartarum isolates analyzed by potential for trichothecene production and for boar sperm cell motility  inhibition
Meeting the mycotoxin menace
Mycotoxins and moulded feed effects on laying hen and contamination of Lithuanian feeds
Antioxidant nutrients and mycotoxins
Foodborne pathogens : microbiology and molecular biology
Recent advances in animal nutrition 2009
The challenge of LC/MS/MS multi-mycotoxin analysis : Heracles battling the Hydra?
Fusarium : mycotoxins, taxonomy and pathogenicity
Aflatoxins in foods and feeds
A two-factor field experiment was carried out at the Lithuanian Institute of Agriculture during the period 2005-2008. The influence of different tillage and fertilization practices on wheat grain fungal contamination was evaluated. Grain surface contamination and internal grain infection with fungi were quantified using agar tests. Purified colonies were identified using different manuals. A total of 16 fungal genera were identified in spring and winter wheat grains. Alternaria infected 46.3% - 99.9%, Cladosporium 26.9% - 77.8%, Fusarium 0.9% - 37.1%, Penicillium 1.3% - 2.5% of grains tested. Winter wheat grain surface contamination by fungi ranged from 7.2 × 103 to 24.8 × 103 of colony forming units per g of grain (cfu g-1), spring wheat from 14.8 × 103 to 80.3 × 103 cfu g-1. No-tillage increased winter wheat grain infection by Alternaria, Aspergillus and Cladosporium species and total count of cfu g-1 on spring wheat grain surface. High fertilizer rates resulted in an increase in spring wheat grain infection by Fusarium and Penicillium species and total count of cfu g-1 on both spring and winter wheat grain surface.
Advances in food mycology
Summary and recommendations of the international workshop on alfatoxin contamination of groundnut, 6-9 Oct 1987, ICRISAT center, India
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Mycotoxins in Nuts and Dried Fruits : Damghan, Iran September 6-8, 2011
Health benefits of organic food : effects of the environment
Handbook of industrial mycology
Poisonous plants : global research and solutions
Impaired semen quality of AI bulls fed with moldy hay : a case report
Occurrence of toxigenic fungi and mycotoxins in plants, food and feed in Europe : COST Action 835
Mycotoxins: risks in plant, animal, and human systems
Mycotoxin survey of wheat samples graded according to their technological quality
Mycotoxins in food production systems : [proceedings of a conference held at] University of Bath, 25-27 June 2003
Activation of the Inflammasome by (1,3)-β-Glucans and Trichothecene Mycotoxins in Human Macrophages
Molds, mushrooms and mycotoxins
Damp building moulds: assessment of sensitization in patients and studies into mechanisms of airway inflammation using experimental models
Mycotoxins in Finnish alimentary products
Food contaminants : mycotoxins and food allergens
Determining mycotoxins and mycotoxigenic fungi in food and feed
Toxicity and genetic diversity of indoor and outdoor Stachybotrys chartarum of different geographic origins
The effects of dietary fumonisin B1 on growth and physiology of rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss)
Occupational exposure to fungi and methods to assess the exposure
Effects of maternal smoking and aflatoxin B1 on cytochrome P450 enzymes, transporters and other proteins expressed in human placenta
Modern food microbiology
Magical mushrooms, mischievous molds
Toxigenic Stachybotrys chartarum in water-damaged building materials : ecology and biology
Study on trichothecenes, zearalenone and ochratoxin A in Finnish cereals: occurrence and analytical techniques
Emerging Fusarium-mycotoxins in Finland
Prevention and reduction of food and feed contamination
Moulds, toxins and food
Damp indoor spaces and health
Manual on the application of the HACCP system in mycotoxin prevention and control
Effects of feeding T-2 toxin and deoxynivalenol on DNA and GSH contents of brain and spleen of rats supplemented with vitamin E and C and selenium combination
Fungi, man and his environment
Worldwide regulations for mycotoxins in food and feed in 2003.
Mycotoxins : Produciton, isolation separation and purification
Fumonisin B1 and beauvericin accumulation in wheat kernels after seed-borne infection with Fusarium proliferatum
Toxicological properties and metabolite identification of the Fusarium-mycotoxin moniliformin
Mycotoxins in fruits and vegetables
Diagnosis of mycotoxicoses : a publication based on the symposium on the diagnosis of mycotoxicoses of importance in the United States and Japan
Fusarium mycotoxins : chemistry, genetics and biology
Aflatoxin in maize : a proceedings of the workshop, El Batan, Mexico, April 7-11, 1986
Fusarium species and fumonisins in maize in Zambia = Fusarium arter og fumonisiner i mais i Zambia
Safety evaluation of certain mycotoxins in food
Aflatoxin contamination of groundnut : proceedings of the International workshop, 6-9 Oct 1987, ICRISAT center, India
Guide to foodborne pathogens
Mycotoxins in grain : compounds other than aflatoxin
Effects of fumonisin B1 on performance of juvenile Baltic salmon (Salmo salar)
International symposium on naturally occurring toxins in horticultural food crops : 22nd International horticultural congress, Davis, California, USA, August 12, 1986
WHO Expert Committee on Biological Standardization : fifty-sixth report
Reduction of patulin content in apple juice concentrate using activated carbon and its effects on several chemical constituents
The quality of grass samples used for animal feed by combining mycotoxin measures and mycological determination of mycobiota were explored. The samples of the plant material were collected in 2014 in two stages: before the first mowing (May-June) and before the second one (July-August) from the fields of stock-farms located in northwestern part of the Russia. All samples were divided into three types: grasses, mixture of different grasses and clover, alfalfa mixed with timothy. The occurrence of aflatoxin B1, alternariol, citrinin, cyclopiazonic acid, deoxynivalenol, diacetoxyscirpenol, emodin, ergot alkaloids, fumonisins, mycophenolic acid, ochratoxin A, PR-toxin, roridin A, sterigmatocystin, T-2 toxin, and zearalenone were determined using ELISA. The multiple fungal and mycotoxin contaminations are already formed in plant tissues by the moment of first mowing. The complexes of mycotoxins including up to 14-16 components and the combined character of plant contamination quite correspond to the taxonomic variety of mycobiota.
Fundamental food microbiology
Cereal grain : mycotoxins, fungi and quality in drying and storage
Biomarkers of aflatoxin exposure and a dietary intervention : studies in infants and children from Egypt and Guinea and young adults from China
Fate of aflatoxin in cereals and cereal products during processing
Fusarium proliferatum is a fungal pathogen causing ear rot of maize. The fungus infects a range of other plants but the economic impact of these diseases has not been established. Recently, F. proliferatum and its mycotoxin fumonisin were found in wheat grains. Here we report that seed-borne infection of wheat with F. proliferatum resulted in systemic colonization of wheat plants and contamination of wheat grains with fumonisins and beauvericin. F. proliferatum strains originating from different hosts were able to infect wheat via seeds. Colonization of wheat plants with the fungus was highest in the stems, followed by leaves; one third of the strains reached kernels, causing accumulation of fumonisins and beauvericin to 15-55 µg kg-1. The results show that seed-borne infection of wheat with F. proliferatum can lead to contamination of wheat kernels with mycotoxins fumonisins and beauvericin..
Food microbiology : fundamentals and frontiers
Determination of major naturally occuring Fusarium toxins in Finnish grains and feeds : the hemolytic activity of DON and T-2 toxin, and the lipid peroxidation induced in experimental animals
Food and beverage mycology
