http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1085 value-added tax
value-added tax
Reorganization of a business in value added taxation
A single market for goods
Finnish legal national report
A Guide to the European VAT directives. Vol. 2, Integrated texts of the recast VAT directive and the former sixth VAT directive 2008
A guide to VAT in the EC : The 1993 changes
International taxation in an integrated world
Community customs law : a guide to the customs rules on trade between the (enlarged) EU and third countries, with value added tax upon importation and exportation
Taxation in Finland
Essays on taxation : evidence from tax reforms
The definitive VAT regime, macroeconomic channels and consequences
Mehrwertsteuer Glossarium = Value added tax glossary = Glossaire sur la T.V.A.. von U. Becker
European tax handbook 1995
A guide to VAT in the EU : the single market changes : 1998-1999 update
Establishing a business in Sweden = Establishing a business in Denmark
The permissibility of indirect environmental taxes and derogations thereof in light of the cumulative criteria for state aid in article 107(1) TFEU
Giving monopoly a cost
Value added tax practices in intra-community trade
ChiFiLog. Part 1, Logistics management in China's development zones : Finnish metal industry perspective
The modern VAT
Tacit collusion under destination- and origin-based commodity taxation
A human vision with higher education perspective : institutional evaluation of the humanistic polytechnic
Taxation and development
A handbook of EU VAT legislation
Tax co-ordination in the EU : the latest position
National accounting standard differences in a shared service : Case: Finland vs. Estonia
Taxation of non-profit organizations : Finland
A guide to VAT in the EU : the single market changes : 1995 udpate
Encouragement and discouragement : essays on taxation and government expenditure
EU VAT Compass 2011/2012
Establishing and doing business in Finland
The economic consequences of fiscal harmonization in Europe
Value added tax and direct taxation : similarities and differences
Contemporary issues in taxation research
Approximation of taxes. Why ?
Sourcebook of European financial and commercial law
Transfer pricing and customs valuation : two worlds to tax as one
Butterworths UK tax guide 1987-88
European tax handbook
What isn't a book
VAT collection and control procedures applied in member states : second article 12 report (regulation (EEC/Euratom) no 1553/89)
Financial activities in European VAT : a theoretical and legal research of the European VAT system and the actual and preferred treatment of financial activities
A guide to the European VAT directives. Vol. 1, Introduction to European VAT 2008
The impact of VAT and intrastat obligations on SMEs / [editor: Ben Patterson]
Shipbrokers concerned over rising costs
Introduction to value added tax in the EC after 1992 : with an integrated text of EC VAT directives and the directive on the abolition of fiscal frontiers
Summary  (s. 7-9).
VAT in the European Community
Intermediation of insurance and financial services in European VAT
Value added tax : international practice and problems
Finnish tax news
Butterworths UK tax guide 1990-91
Taxing consumption
Doing business in Finland : taxation, accounting
Abstract.
Interpretation and application of council directive 2001/115/EC : current situation in companies int the Pirkanmaa region
The place of supply in European VAT
A guide to the European VAT directives
The role of tax reform in central and eastern European economies
Taxation in Finland 2009
European tax systems
Leasing home-PC as an employment benefit : case GE Capital Solutions AB
Tax and legal aspects of EC harmonisation
A guide to the European VAT directives. Vol. 2, Integrated text of the recast VAT directive : (updated inclusive directive 2010/88/EU)
Proportionality and fair taxation
Taxation under economic integration in the Nordic welfare states
A guide to the European VAT directives. Vol. 1, Introduction to European VAT 2011
VAT and historic buildings
Sales taxation : the case of value added tax in the European community
Taxation and social security in agriculture
Corporate and commercial law : modern developments
Internal market : current status 1 July 1994. Vol. 2, The elimination of frontier controls
Tax policy in OECD countries : choices and conflicts
VAT in the single market : The Price Waterhouse guide through the maze
Analyzing the incidence of consumption taxes
Liber amicorum Sven-Olof Lodin
Tax reforms in EU member states : tax policy challenges for economic growth and fiscal sustainability : 2012 report
Value-added taxes in central and eastern European countries : a comparative survey and evaluation
VAT and book policy : impacts and issues
Taxation in the European Community
Internal market : national implementing measures. Vol. 4, Value-added tax, excise duties
A destination VAT for CTS trade
What will EU membership and the value-added tax reform do to Finnish food economy? : a computable general equilibrium analysis
Value-added tax fraud in the European Union
Taxation in Finland 2005
European tax handbook 1996
What was actually cut in the barbers' VAT cut?
Latin American macroeconomic reforms: the second stage
European tax law
Options for a definitive VAT system
Value added taxation in the European Union and its effects on a refunding company
EU VAT Compass 2010/2011
Most of Steveco's services exempt from value added tax
Reverse value added taxation was implemented in Finland on 1 April 2011 in order to minimize the impact of the black economy on the taxation in the construction industry and at the same time to improve the honest competitor's position. The purpose of this research was to investigate the effects of reverse value added taxation in the small individual enterprise operating in the construction industry.    The study showed that the VAT Act amendment did not have major effects on the operations of Teräsrunko Oy. The majority of the invoices sent to the com-pany are still charged by the old practice because the designers, suppliers, workshops, paintshops, transport companies and building rental agencies charge Teräsrunko Oy with VAT 23%. Teräsrunko Oy uses the rate of 0% VAT in invoicing if the sold service belongs to the sphere of reverse value added taxation. Key words: VAT, black economy,  construction industry, reverse value added taxation
Welfare effects of the Finnish value-added tax reform : a general equilibrium evaluation
Community law and UK vat
