http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10895 universities
universities
International seminar in extension education : sponsored by W. K. Kellogg foundation : hotel Lepolampi, Finland, September 24-28, 1973.
Putting the elements of the retail store environment into practice : case: Bestseller
Death at the alma mater
Audit of the University of Helsinki 2015
Leadership and management of education : evaluation of education at the University of Helsinki 2007-2008
The Joint Higher Education Library in Lahti : Confluencing for Academic Knowledge - Supporting the Development of Information Literacy from Upper Secondary School to Higher Education
The changing social sciences : report of the seminar held in Helsinki, on the 5th of May, 1974
Different backgrounds – different priorities? : student perceptions of a technology initiative
Gifted & talented
Rotuli Parisienses : supplications to the Pope from the University of Paris. Vol. 3, 1378-1394
Missoula : rape and the justice system in a college town
Tohtoripromootio 28.-30.8.2014 : matrikkeli = Doctoral conferment ceremony : conferment book
Identification of characteristics for successful university-company partnership development
History of Tartu University 1632-1982
Papers from the 26th Communication Skills Workshop : Identity Explored: Language Centre, Language Professional, Language Teacher, Language Learner
The collegial tradition in the age of mass higher education
Eötvös Loránd University
Trust creation and communication in Sino-Finnish business relationships
Hegemony, contradiction, and gender in the context of finnish university physics
Rotuli Parisienses : supplications to the Pope from the University of Paris. Vol. 2, 1352-1378
The heritage of European universities
British universities
The idea of a university
This edited collection is intended as a primer for core concepts and principles in research ethics and as an in-depth exploration of the contextualization of these principles in practice across key disciplines. The material is nested so that readers can engage with it at different levels and depths. It is unique in that it combines an analysis of complex ethical debates about the nature of research and its governance with the best of case-based and discipline-specific approaches. It deals with the following topics in depth: in the natural sciences, it explores the scientific integrity of the researcher and the research process, human cloning as a test case for the limits to research, and the emerging ethical issues in nanotechnology; in the health sciences, it takes up the question of consent, assent and proxies, research with vulnerable groups and the ethics of clinical trials; in the social sciences, it explores the issues that arise in qualitative research, interviews and ethnography; and in the humanities, it examines contested archaeologies and research in divided societies. Overview of Research Ethics Principles Full text papers from experienced researchers across many disciplines Dialogue with ethicists.
University independence : the main questions
The drivers of innovation capacity in the New Zealand and Finnish fashion industries
Use of information and communication technologies in higher education in Kenya
The China higher education directory = Zhongguo gaodeng yuanjiao jianjie
From book to Internet? : significance of learning resources for the student
Being a university
On "good" academic work : practicing respect at close range
OECD thematic review of tertiary educationn : country background report for Finland
The nine elements of a sustainable campus
Wirzén was the last Demonstrator in Botany (1839-1852) at Alexander University, elsinki, Finland. His main duty was to instruct medical students on the subject of medicinal plants. He gave also lectures on officinal plants and plant taxonomy, and private lessons on plant physiology. He supervised six theses. In his own dissertation were given several erroneous records concerning vascular plants distributions in Finland. However, it was the first attemp to define the borders of biogeographical Finland. In 1833-1835 he studied Russian flora at Kazan University, on the Volga River. Based on field excursions there, he supervised a thesis In geographica plantarum per partem provinciae Casanensis distributione illustranda periculum. Two species new to science were described, viz. Echinospermum casanense and Stellaria mollis, and seven new varieties. Corresponding specimens have not been found in the Finnish Museum of Natural History, Botanical Museum (H). Wirzen's new names have been completely overlooked by Russian and other taxonomists. Wirzén was considered to be a relatively weak botanist, but as a doctor of medicine he fared better..
A comparative study on campus sustainability in higher education sector in Hong Kong and Finland
Gender differences in the patterns of Internet use among students : a case study of the University of Zambia
Memoirs of the Faculty of Letters
The expansion of higher education and time-consistent taxation
"Despite both positive and negative perceptions of the current state of higher education, the contemporary debate over what it is to be a university is limited. Most of all, it is limited imaginatively. The range of imagined options is narrow. The imagination has not been given anything even approaching a wide scope. As a result, our sense as to what a university could be and could become in the modern age is itself impoverished. If we are seriously to develop a wide range of ideas of the university that is adequate to the challenges of the modern world, the imagination itself needs to be freed. Imagining the University seeks to address each of these sets of issues and will do so by first, identifying a very wide range of ideas of the university as it is now unfolding and could become; secondly, by evaluating those conceptions of the university with a classification of ideas of the university; and thirdly, by reflecting on the imagination itself, its current impoverishment and its possibilities. Whether studying, researching or deciding policy, this book is vital reading to all those involved in the planning and delivery of higher education"--
Marketing communications plan to support the launch of the MBA degree under the Federation University brand
Oxford and Cambridge
Ethics : does it play a role in the finnish university reform?
The University of Padua : an outline of its history
Safety and risk management in colleges and universities
Abstract: In quest of the science of education.
Centres of excellence in Finnish university education 2010-2012
Ensuring client participation to co-create value in knowledge intensive business services : an empirical study on Finnish software firms
Inter-organizational knowledge transfer in export partnership : evidence from a Finnish export circle
Attitudes towards suicide among Master's degree students : a cross-cultural comparison between China and Finland
Dimensions of university student learning in medicine and pharmacy
The typical dilemma between university expansion and rationalization : Belgium (and Finland) since the 1960s
Defaults and recoveries in the global corporate bond markets : estimating movements over business cycles
External quality assurance in Finnish higher education institutions : two cases - the Universities of Tampere and Turku in a new-institutional perspective
The rise of knowledge regions : emerging opportunities and challenges for universities
Compulsory music course from an enterprise approach (pedagogical approach)
"International Association of Universities' worldwide database of higher education institutions, systems and credentials."--Kotisivu.
Enhancing university students' study success through caring leadership
Market Research to Develop the Promotional Activities of Savonia UAS in the Russian Market
Eurofaculty : Finnish contribution for University of Tartu 1993-2005
Estonia and Tartu
Motives of Finnish forest industry for using joint ventures as an entry mode into South America
Managing business risks of finnish foreign direct investments to St. Petersburg
Theoretical and methodological challenges of cross-cultural interaction design
“It's more like a growth process than a bunch of answers” : university leaders describe themselves as leaders
The University of Kuopio
Recent trends and challenges in Brazilian higher education system
The ritualization of progress : the schooled imagination
Exploring environmental scanning : evaluating the needs and capabilities within a food company in Finland
Retirement and knowledge : tacit knowledge transfer to new generations
Translating international achievement tests : translators’ view
Suomen lääketutkimuksen tohtoriohjelman (FinPharma Doctoral Program, FPDP) 8. vuositapaaminen Helsingissä 26.-27.8.2014 = 8th Annual FinPharma Doctoral Program (FPDP) Meeting at the University of Helsinki, August 26-27, 2014.
The myth of the university : ideal and reality in higher education
Follow-up evaluation of library and information services 2004
The Cooperation between Savonia University of Applied Sciences and West Anhui University
Red Brick University
Finland and its students
A linguistic limbo : migrants' perspectives and attitudes to the roles of English and Finnish in Finnish academic working life
A radical innovations's contribution to a company's development : case: Benecol
Arctic sustainable arts and design
How to promote Massidea.org to Nigerian universities to achieve cooperation in the future
Possibilities of telework as an organisational tool for the flexible arrangement of teachers' work from the teacher's viewpoint
Pre-service foreign language teachers' expectations of their studies and teacher profession
University jubilees : a new research area in the history of universities
Memoirs of the Graduate School of Letters, Osaka University
Do currency strategies work? : comparison of momentum, carry and valuation strategies on a pool of currencies between 1999 and 2009
The decline of privilege : the modernization of Oxford University
Role of trust in cross-cultural adaptation : the perspective of international degree students at a Finnish university
Transformation of higher education in innovation systems in China and Finland
Berkeley : the new student revolt
An internal marketing approach to change implementation : a travel management perspective, case VTT : moving to self-service with an online booking tool
Explanatory connections : electronic essays dedicated to Matti Sintonen
Organizing academic work in higher education : teaching, learning and identities
Tartu Riikliku Ülikooli peahoone = Glavnoe zdanie Tartuskogo Gosudarstvennogo Universiteta = The Main Building of Tartu State University
Contradictory and complementarytheory of politics in Britain
Internationalisation of knowledge intensive business services : Castrén & Snellman's expansion into the Russian market
The role of university sports federations in enhancing student sports : a comparative case study between Portugal and Finland
Political science at the University of Jyväskylä : growth, profile and plurality. A teach-in of speeches
Closing libraries can open doors!
Aalto Research Day 2013 : proceedings
Lesser nations : the Nordic countries in English history textbooks
Utilizing extrinsic and intrinsic motivation and rewards to enhance organizational creativity
The spire : a novel
Geographies of knowledge, geometries of power : framing the future of higher education
The concept of study skill(s) : paper presented at the Sixth International Conference on Improving University Teaching, Lausanne, Switzerland, July 9-12, 1980
Changing the narratives of university history
The recent financial crisis in the interbank markets : the liquidity squeeze of 2007-09
Introductory botany
Johan Ernst Adhemar Wirzén - the last demonstrator in botany at Alexander University
Teaching in life sciences : current practices and development : reports from University pedagogy courses at Viikki Campus
A lesson in secrets
Tartu astronomical observatory
The virtual university projects of the Undergraduate Library
Re-becoming universities? : higher education institutions in networked knowledge societies
Mercury beats Minerva? : essays on the accelerating impact of market logic permeating higher education
Kossuth Lajos University of arts and sciences, Debrecen
Perspectives on quality management within a United Kingdom university : a case study of De Montfort University
Futures research for higher education institutions
The university under the pressure of innovation policy : reflecting on European and Finnish experiences
Teacher stress and coping : the effectiveness of coping efforts from prospective perspective
Imagining the university
“Friday is my research day” : chance, time and desire in the search for the teaching-research nexus in the life of a university teacher
Cultural perspectives on higher education
Åbo Akademi University news bulletin
Reporting on interest rate risk hedging by European banks : analysis of annual reports
A history of the University of Cambridge. Vol. 3, 1750-1870
Parisian scholars in the early fourteenth century : a social portrait
Adaptation of international marketing practices in Northern Europe : case Vichy in Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden
Broadening the Service Offering for Customers of University Properties of Finland
Could a cooperation network between Finnish universities advance adoption and success of Green Office environmental management system?
Assuring university learning quality : cross-boundary collaboration
Studies on higher education choices and spatial labour markets
Learning together : towards enhancing the co-creation of education
Analyzing the influence of diffusion of innovation attributes on lecturers' attitude towards information and communication technologies
Customer value and customer involvement in value co-creation : perspective of knowledge-intensive SMEs
Johan Fredrik Wallenius - Demonstrator in Botany at old Åbo Akademi
The magicians : a novel
Universities : knowing our minds
Final report on the evaluation of the faculty of medicine : evaluation of the quality of education and the degree programmes of the University of Helsinki
The internationalisation and strategic planning of higher-education institutions : an analysis of Finnish EPS strategies
Development of the concept 'man' in Finnish
Climate-smart agriculture : possible roles of agricultural universities in a strengthened Norwegian climate change engagement in Africa
Supporting college and university students with invisible disabilities : a guide for faculty and staff working with students with autism, AD/HD, language processing disorders, anxiety, and mental illness
Lars Johan Laurentius Johannes Prytz, Demonstator in Botany at Imperial Åbo Academy
University of Helsinki : guide for foreign students 1989-1990
Campus is ours : a walk across the campus and observations on its surroundings : Aalto Universityart coordination report 2012/2015
Benchmarking and service improvements in higher education
Brazilian educational market : exporting Finnish educational concepts to an exotic country
The Weakening Connection Between Education and Research: A Study of Three University Departments
New autonomy for Finnish universities : a consideration of autonomy through six fundamental questions
Optimal equity portfolio construction : the efficiency of mean-variance optimization with in-depth covariance matrix estimation and portfolio rebalancing
Internationalisation and its management at higher-education institutions : applying conceptual, content and discourse analysis
University of Helsinki : a short history
Wallenius was the Demonstrator in Botany (1800-1805) at Åbo Akademi. His main duty was to instruct medical students on the subject of medicinal plants. In his own thesis supervised by Professor Carl Niclas Hellenius was introduced surrogate food to compensate grain due to the repeated years of crop failures in 18th century. That theme was repeated by him also in some publications. He supervised six theses with botanical content, of which two provided important historical information of Åbo Akademi Botanical Gardens. In thesis of genus Ammi one species is described as new to science, Ammi boerberi Höckert. This neglected name is synonymous to A. majus L. Höckert was third one in Finland who described a new species to science.
E-learning 2.0 technologies and web applications in higher education
Lars Johan Prytz was the Demonstrator in Botany (1813-1820) at the Imperial Academy of Åbo, Russia (Finland today). His main duty was to instruct medical students on the subject of medicinal plants. In his own thesis De Styrace supervised by Professor Carl Peter Thunberg presented known species of Styrax. Prytz supervised 15 doctoral theses, of which eleven have botanical content and three provided important historical information of Åbo Akademi Botanical Gardens. He aimed to complete a brief Flora Fennica, but it was never finished. In six published parts 277 species in 123 genera are characterized. Later one unpublished manuscript was edited by Hj. Hjelt. Consequently, the total number of species presented is 314 in 136 genera. Monocotyledons and ferns were not included. All in all, Prytz announced ca. 15 new plants to Finland..
Managing the university curriculum : making common cause
When culture matters : a case study on the transfer and transformation processes of a governance system in a non-listed company
Universities : American. English. German
Guide to the universities of Europe
International mobility in Finnish education : trends and developments in tertiary and secondary education 2000-2004
Promoting regional engagement of universities : experiences of A.S.A.P. work package 4
Ethics for graduate researchers : a cross-disciplinary approach
African higher education : an international reference handbook
Science at Oxford, 1914-1939 : transforming an arts university
A university for the 21st century
The secret history
Colombia as a target country for a strategic cross-border acquisition
University libraries' structural development project
Stakeholder dialogue and regional engagement in the context of higher education
The university as an educational institution
The management of university integrity : proceedings of the seminar of the Magna Charta Observatory 19 September 2007
In quest of the science of education : from reductionistic discourse to systemic theory
Comparison of Russian and Finnish educational systems at university level.  : Education in the field of HVAC.
Innovation, universities, and the competitiveness of regions
Folklore studies at the University of Helsinki : a current view
Lifelong learning for the new decade
Managing the university community : exploring good practice
Evaluation of the university sport services for international students : a case study from the university of Jyväskylä
University of Missouri studies
The school of the future : theoretical and pedagogical approaches for creative and playful learning environments
This book analyses higher education from cultural perspectives and also to reflect on the uses of intellectual devices developed in the cultural studies of higher education over the last decades. The first part of the book presents fresh perspectives to integrate cultural studies in higher education with wider societal processes. Professor William G. Tierney speaks about trust and culture in higher education, whereas Professor Imanol Ordorika opens a political perspective to higher education institutions. The second part of the book studies the internal life of higher education. Relying on a variety of cultural perspectives, the chapters explore the actual day-to-day practices taking place in higher education, ranging from student socialisation, student consumerism, tensions in combining academic and market-oriented targets in knowledge production to the formation of academic identities in different disciplinary and organisational cultures. The focus in the third part of the book is to use cultural perspectives developed in previous studies on disciplinary and organisational cultures as a framework to understand a variety of processes and reforms taking place at the institutional level of high education. The chapters in this part of the book analyse the Bologna Process, the evolution of scientific fields in American universities, organisational cultures in Chinese post-merger universities, and doctoral education and cooperation with industry.
Secret for the longevity in Japanese Shinise companies : values and artifacts
[Tallinn University of Technology]
Gercenovskij universitet : arhitekturno-landšaftnyj kompleks = [Herzen University] : [architectural complex]
Research and development effort in Finland 1962-1966
Comparison of strategies, methods and content in forestry education : An international comparative study
WHED : world higher education database
The impact of market structure on international heavy goods vehicle road safety : exploratory findings in the Baltic sea region 2010-2011
Personal study plans for university students : a guide for study counsellors
Quality assurance and the phenomenological space design
The triple helix : university-industry-government innovation in action
Turning points in the history of Nordic higher education
Quality handbook of higher education in Finland and Russia
English in Finland : a case study of globalization's impact on higher education
Open innovation in collaborative networks : the initial phase in industrial business
World Universities Congress 2010 : "What should be the new aims and responsibilities of universities within the framework of global issues?"
Organizational and managerial practices in Finnish in-house design management
Quality Work – The Basis for the Strategy – : CASE: CAF-quality work in Summer University of Hame
Hegemony, contradiction, and gender in the context of Finnish university physics
Cairo University and the making of a modern Egypt
Bargaining for players : player trade in the National Hockey League
University education
Constructing reputation in a university merger
Evaluation of media and communication studies in higher education in Finland
A study of congress planning and bidding procedures of Finnish universities
Parenting stress and coping among mothers with MBD children
World education : revolutionary concept
There is no single idea of the university. Ever since its medieval origin, the concept of the university has continued to change. The metaphysical university gave way successively to the scientific university, and then to the corporate and the entrepreneurial university. But what might lie ahead? Being a University charts and critiques this conceptual development and examines the future possibilities for the idea of the university. Ronald Barnett pursues this quest through an exploration of pairs of contending concepts that speak to the idea of the university - such as space and time; being and becoming; and culture and anarchy. On this foundation is developed an imaginative exposition of possible ideas of the university, including the liquid university and the authentic university.
The managers' handbook for European university lifelong learning
Creating competitive advantage in a mature B2B market by branding
Organizational inertia in a strategic public sector merger : case Aalto University
Legal informatics today - the view from the University of Lapland
Conceptual history of international friendship
Exploring intercultural competency growth by non-mobile university students through interaction with dissimilar others : internationalizing at home through voluntary social interaction
Undergraduate business and environmental science students' recycling behavior at an Appalachian University
Developing the knowledge intensive service offering in the higher education network cooperation context : Case Helsinki Education and Research Area (HERA)
Connecting research and client : Finnish experience of quality enhancement in university lifelong learning
Canakkale Onsekiz Mart University, Turkey 20.-24.10.2010.
The focus of this article is on the relationship between research and education. The argument is that recent policy developments and the increasing emphasis on commercialisation and profitability of university activities weakens the connection of education and research. In this article, general characteristics of development of universities and university policy in Finland are summarised. Main subjects of the analysis are three university departments that are situated in three different Finnish universities. The concept of connection between research and education is explored and tested in these three cases. The relationship between research and education and its erosion is analysed with the help of four definitions of education's research connection. The article shows that regardless of the definition, the connection between research and education is becoming fragile as a result of practical, instrumental and commercial aspirations of university activities.
The position of Finnish and Swedish as well as other languages at universities in Finland
