http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10861 Carex
Carex
A book of silence
Indian architecture : according to Mānasāra-Śilpaśāstra
Sara Teasdale : woman & poet
Sara Coleridge, a victorian daughter : her life and essays
Faithless
The BNC handbook : exploring the British national corpus with SARA
Abstract.
The woman in the city and the city in the woman : V. I. Warshawski's infernal Chicago in Burn marks and Fire sale
Wildcat
Modern American realism : the Sara Roby Foundation Collection
Bonnard, Braque, Gris, Léger, Matisse, Picasso : modernin taiteen klassikoita : Sara Hildénin taidemuseo : Sara Hildén Art Museum : Tampere, Finland 12.10.-8.12.1985 = classics of modern art
Sara Hildenin taidemuseo : Sara Hildenin säätiön nykytaiteen kokoelma : modern works of art in the Sara Hilden Foundation = Sara Hilden Art Museum
The magnetic north : notes from the Arctic Circle
The kept woman : a novel
Holy woman : the road to greatness of Rebbetzin Chaya Sara Kramer
Sara Hildénin taidemuseon avajaisnäyttely 10.2.1979 = Öppningsutställning av Sara Hildéns konstmuseum 10.2.1979 = Opening exhibition of Sara Hildén Art Museum, 10.2.1979
The end of the affair
The sedges (Carex L.) of Russia and adjacent states (within the limits of the former USSR) = Carices Rossiae et civitatum collimitanearum (in limitibus URSS olim)
The Passage
The kept woman
Finnish summary.
The effects of Fe(III) and other alternative electron acceptors on methane biogeochemistry in boreal lake sediments
The vascular plant and miscellaneous publications of Risto Tuomikoski
Collins guide to the grasses, sedges rushes and ferns of Britain and Northern Europe
Internal C:N balance and biomass partitioning of Carex rostrata grown at three levels of nitrogen supply
Formula and realism in Toxic shock, a novel by Sara Paretsky
Changes in population structure of Carex cespitosa during 10 years of secondary succession in an abandoned meadow in Białowieza, Poland
Born under an assumed name : the memoir of a Cold War spy's daughter
Are plants more responsive to decreased than to increased rainfall on the Tibetan Plateau? : evidence from Carex duriuscula subsp. stenophylloides
Spontaneous Carex hybrids of Heleonastes and related sections in Fennoscandia
Architecture of Manasara : illustrations of architectural and sculptural objects with a synopsis
Requiem for a dream
A faint cold fear
The northern amphi-atlantic seashore sedge Carex mackenziei V. I. Krecz. was found by us in four localities in 2008-2011, two in Kökar and one in Brändö in the eastern archipelago and one in Sund on the mainland of Åland. The hybrid C. canescens L. × mackenziei (C. × pseudohelvola Kihlm.), which occurs regularly together with C. mackenziei, was found in Sund in 2010 and 2011. The generaldistribution of the two taxa is outlined. The previous finds of C. mackenziei and the hybrid in the Åland Islands during the 19th and 20th centuries are referred to. The future of Carex mackenziei and its hybrid in the Åland Islands is discussed..
The kept woman :  a novel
Robert Smithson : a retrospective view
A pleasant museum
Colour identification guide to the grasses, sedges, rushes and ferns of the British Isles and North-Western Europe
Linguistic analysis of online conflicts: a case study of flaming in the Smokahontas comment thread on YouTube
A security breach at a secret U.S. government facility unleashes the monstrous product of a chilling military experiment that only six-year-old orphan Amy Harper Bellafonte can stop.
Manasara on architecture and sculpture : Sanskrit text with critical notes
On the track of hard-boiled detective fiction : the conventions of the formula as challenged by Sara Paretsky
Important grassland plants of Kenya
The agony and the ego : the art and strategy of fiction writing explored
Maternal thinking : philosophy, politics, practice
The ecology and distribution of Carex remota in Finland
Ornamental grasses and grasslike plants
The passage : a novel
Perigynium and achene epidermis in some species of Carex, subg. Vignea (Cyperaceae), studied by scanning electron microscopy
CSI : Crime Scene Investigation. Double Dealer
Carex hartmanii in Finland
Sara Coleridge and Henry Reed : Reed's memoir of Sara Coleridge : her letters to Reed &c
Sara Coleridge : her life and thought
Carex mackenziei and C. canescens × mackenziei in the Åland Islands, SW Finland
A field guide to the sedges of the Cariboo Forest Region, British Columbia
The readers of Broken Wheel recommend
Scott and Zelda Fitzgerald, Pablo Picasso, Cole and Linda Porter, Ernest Hemingway, John Dos Passos - all are summer guests of Gerald and Sara Murphy. Visionary, misunderstood and from vastly different backgrounds, the Murphys met and married young, and set forth to create a beautiful world. They alight on Villa America: their coastal oasis of artistic genius, debauched parties, impeccable style and flamboyant imagination. But, before long, a stranger enters into their relationship, and their marriage must accommodate an intensity that neither had anticipated.
Wetland sedges of Alaska
Blindsighted
Inflorescence structure in the sedge tribe Cariceae (Cyperaceae)
Hard-boiled ideology and the woman detective : challenging the idealization of masculinity, whiteness and heterosexuality in Sara Paretsky's V. I. Warshawski novels
Demography of Carex rostrata in a boreal mesotrophic fen : shoot dynamics and biomass development
Playing scared : my journey through stage fright
The bondage of love : a life of Mrs. Samuel Taylor Coleridge
Murder for love
Rain on the dead
The letters of Sara Hutchinson from 1800 to 1835
On the distribution of some boreal plants in Eastern Lapland: (Carex media, Ranunculus lapponicus, Actaea erythrocarpa, Angelica archangelica, Polemonium acutiflorum)
Chromatographic comparison of the species of Carex section Heleonastes and some Carex canescens hybrids in Eastern Fennoscandia
