http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10845 phobias
phobias
Because I have a voice : queer politics in India
Islamophobia
The anxiety & phobia workbook
In the name of national security : Hitchcock, homophobia, and the political construction of gender in postwar America
The compassionate-mind guide to building social confidence : using compassion-focused therapy to overcome shyness & social anxiety
Zelah Green, queen of clean
Queer lovers and hateful others: regenerating violent times and places
Self-descriptions of socially phobic persons in short-term group psychotherapy
Specific phobias in children and adolescents : a cognitive-behavioral approach
Welcome to the N.H.K. Volume 7
Coping with phobias and panic
The voice of the infinite in the small : revisioning the insect-human connection
The trap
Fears, phobias, and rituals : panic, anxiety and their disorders
Welcome to the N.H.K. Volume 4
Fearful attention : investigating event-related potentials in spider phobia
Technophobia : the psychological impact of information technology
Angels in America. Levy 2
Phobic geographies : the phenomenology and spatiality of identity
Insectism : textile design inspired by visual impression of insects
Abnormal psychology : core concepts
Welcome to the N.H.K. Volume 8
Threatening information in social phobia : inadequate self, social evaluation and the effect of task repetition
Phobia : a reassessment
Angels in America. Levy 1
Homophobias : lust and loathing across time and space
Welcome to the N.H.K. Volume 3
Fears, anxieties and cognitive-behavioral treatment of specific phobias in youth
Phobias : a handbook of theory, research, and treatment
Horror vacui : tyhjyyden kammo =  Horror vacui : fear of empty spaces / Ville Lähde
A guidance to assessment and treatment of the most common psychological difficulties in children and adolescents - phobia and anxiety disorders. This text addresses the psychopathology, assessment, and treatment of the anxiety disorders and phobias in childhood and adolescence. These perplexing conditions are the most prevalent psychological difficulties in young people and result in considerable impairment and distress, not only to the child but also to her or his family. Effective treatments exist, but unfortunately many of these interventions are either not known to the practicing professionals or not used by them.
Free from fears : new help for anxiety, panic and agoraphobia
New research on the psychology of fear
Anxiety attacks : conquering your insecurities, anxieties and fears
Fears, phobias and the inheritance of learning
Queering conflict : examining lesbian and gay experiences of homophobia in Northern Ireland
Welcome to the N.H.K. Volume 5
New developments in anxiety disorder research
My age of anxiety : fear, hope, dread and the search for peace of mind
Fearing others : the nature and treatment of social phobia
The monster in the cave : how to face your fear and anxiety and live your life
Welcome to the N.H.K. Volume 6
Abnormal psychology : an integrative approach
Pink blood : homophobic violence in Canada
Social phobia : from epidemiology to brain function
Social phobia : the family and the brain
Fear of food : a history of why we worry about what we eat
Balancing between identities : a gay athlete's experiences in sport and exercise domains in Finland
Whispers through a megaphone
The girl in 6E
Virtual reality therapy for anxiety disorders : advances in evaluation and treatment
The call
When everything feels like the movies
Overcoming animal & insect phobias : how to conquer fear of dogs, snakes, rodents, bees, spiders & more
Living with fear : understanding and coping with anxiety
The Gilded Age construction of modern American homophobia
Overcoming panic and agoraphobia : a self-help guide using cognitive behavioral techniques
Promoting Educational Equity through Teacher Empowerment:web-assisted Transformative Action Research as a Counter-Heteronormative Praxis
Mental health nursing : an evidence-based approach
Monk. Season one
Anxiety, phobias, and panic : a step-by-step programme for regaining control of your life
Welcome to the N.H.K. Volume 1
Socially phobic clients' self-descriptions, treatment progress and reflexivity in short-term cognitive-constructivist group psychotherapy
Alice and the fly
Understanding and treating fear of pain
The gay revolution : the story of the struggle
Overcoming social anxiety and shyness : a self-help guide using cognitive behavioural techniques
Summer, fireworks, and my corpse
Through a series of urban case studies, Queer Cities, Queer Cultures examines the articulation of particular subcultures and forms of expression with the broader stories we tell about postwar Europe and particular watershed moments. It considers queer life in the selected cities in relation to the advent and end of Cold War polarization, and considers the degree to which the iconic events of 1945, 1968, and 1989 influenced the social and sexual climate of the ensuing decades. It raises questions about the form and structure of the 1960s sexual revolution, and forces us to think about how we define sexual liberalization and where, how and on whose terms it occurs. The book also explores the role of America in shaping particular forms of subculture; the significance of changes in legal codes; modes of queer consumption and displays of community; the difficult fit of queer (as opposed to gay and lesbian) politics in liberal democracies; the challenge of AIDS; and the arrival of the Internet.
Sociophobics : the anthropology of fear
Margaret Mead made me gay : personal essays, public ideas
Anxiety disorders and phobias : a cognitive perspective
Behavioral treatments of panic disorder with agoraphobia : treatment process and determinants of change
Monk. The complete season two
My age of anxiety : fear, hope, dread, and the search for peace of mind
Inclusive masculinity : the changing nature of masculinities
Scream : chilling adventures in the science of fear
Social phobia : aetiology, course and treatment with endoscopic sympathetic block (ESB) : a qualitative study of the development of social phobia and its meaning in people's lives and a quantitative study of ESB as its treatment
Margaret Mead Made Me Gay is the intellectual autobiography of cultural anthropologist Esther Newton, a pioneer in gay and lesbian studies. Chronicling the development of her ideas from the excitement of early feminism in the 1960s to friendly critiques of queer theory in the 1990s, this collection covers a range of topics such as why we need more precise sexual vocabularies, why there have been fewer women doing drag than men, and how academia can make itself more hospitable to queers. It brings together such classics as “The Mythic Mannish Lesbian” and “Dick(less) Tracy and the Homecoming Queen” with entirely new work such as “Theater: Gay Anti-Church.” Newton's provocative essays detail a queer academic career while offering a behind-the-scenes view of academic homophobia. In four sections that correspond to major periods and interests in her life - ”Drag and Camp,” “Lesbian-Feminism,” “Butch,” and “Queer Anthropology” - the volume reflects her successful struggle to create a body of work that uses cultural anthropology to better understand gender oppression, early feminism, theatricality and performance, and the sexual and erotic dimensions of fieldwork. Combining personal, theoretical, and ethnographic perspectives, Margaret Mead Made Me Gay also includes photographs from Newton's personal and professional life. With wise and revealing discussions of the complex relations between experience and philosophy, the personal and the political, and identities and practices, Margaret Mead Made Me Gay is important for anyone interested in the birth and growth of gay and lesbian studies.
The power
Welcome to the N.H.K. Volume 2
Conceptualizing and measuring human anxiety on the Internet
When panic attacks : a new drug-free therapy to beat chronic shyness, anxiety and phobias
Religion, gender and sexuality in everyday life
Phobic and anxiety disorders in children and adolescents
Free yourself from fear
Shy children, phobic adults : nature and treatment of social anxiety disorder
The mental health handbook
A chronicle of the modern struggle for gay, lesbian and transgender rights draws on interviews with politicians, military figures, legal activists and members of the LGBT community to document the cause's struggles since the 1950s.
Thinking through islamophobia
Panic disorder with agoraphobia : cognitive-behavioral treatment and theory
Putting the boot in
Queering Conflict offers a unique culturally specific analysis into the ways in which homophobia in Northern Ireland has been informed and sustained during the latter half of the twentieth century. This book takes the failure of the British Government to extend the 1967 Sexual Offences Act to Northern Ireland as its central point to demonstrate the subtle, but important, differences governing attitudes towards homosexuality in Northern Ireland. Both homophobia and hate crimes are shown to be situated within the framework of Northern Ireland's socio-political history as well as part of an overall culture of violence which existed as a result of 'the Troubles'. Duggan shows how the influence of moral and religious conservatism born out of sectarian divisions led to homophobia becoming an integral part of community cohesion and identity formation. Decades of political instability led to the marginalization of rights for lesbians and gay men, but the peace process has led to the development of a discourse of equality which is slowly allowing sexual minorities to situate themselves within the new Northern Ireland.
Global homophobia : states, movements, and the politics of oppression
