http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10836 colloidal chemistry
colloidal chemistry
From colloids to nanotechnology
9th European Student Conference in Colloid and Polymer Chemistry, ESC'99, 29.6-2.7.1999 Nagu, Finland : book of abstracts
Computational methods in surface science
Trends in colloid and interface science XIII
New trends in surface and colloid chemistry : Association of Finnish Chemical Societies, 43rd further education course, Helsinki, 25-26 January 1995
Surfaces, interfaces and colloids : principles and applications
A detailed kinetic model for calculation of the soot particle size distribution function
Papermaking science and technology. Book 7, Recycled fiber and deinking
Introduction to soft matter : synthetic and biological self-assembling materials
10th biennal ISWPC Main Symposium : 10th International Symposium on Wood and Pulping Chemistry, Main Symposium, Yokohama, Japan, June 7-10, 1999. Volume 2-3, Poster presentations
ESC'99 : 9th European Student Conference in Colloid and Polymer Chemistry 29.6.-2.7. 1999, Nagu, Finland : book of abstracts
Biorelated polymers and gels : controlled release and applications in biomedical engineering
Festschrift in honor of professor Johan Sjöblom : 10 years in Bergen that made a difference
The colloid science of lipids : new paradigms for self-assembly in science and technology
Colloids and interfaces with surfactants and polymers : an introduction
Polymer colloids : science and technology of latex systems
Chemical bonding at surfaces and interfaces
13th the European Colloid and Interface Society Conference, 12-17 September, 1999, Trinity College, Dublin, Ireland   : [abstracts]
10th biennal ISWPC Main Symposium : 10th International Symposium on Wood and Pulping Chemistry, Main Symposium, Yokohama, Japan, June 7-10, 1999. Volume 1 , Oral presentations
Aqueous polymer - cosolute systems : special issue in honor of Dr. Shuji Saito
Book of abstracts : 12th  Conference of the European Colloid and Interface Society, Dubrovnik-Cavtat, Croatia September 20-25, 1998.
Trends in colloid and interface science XIV
Electroacoustics for Characterization of Particulates and Suspensions : proceedings of workshop held at National Institute of Standards and Technology, February 3-4, 1993, Gaithersburg, Maryland
Applied colloid and surface chemistry
Formation and dynamics of self-organized structures in surfactants and polymer solutions
Encyclopedia of surface and colloid science / Por-Z
Interfacial electrokinetics and electrophoresis
Handbook of applied surface and colloid chemistry
Colloids and interfaces with surfactants and polymers
Theoretical studies on aerosol agglomeration processes
Effect of pH and electrolyte concentration on the dispersion properties of titanium dioxide
Horizons 2000 - aspects of colloid and interface science at the turn of the millenium
Surface characterisation and chemical modification of fibres and powders
Soft matter. Vol. 3, Colloidal order: Entropic and surface forces
Water : a comprehensive treatise. 5, Water in disperse systems
Colloids in cosmetics and personal care
Physical chemistry and industrial application of gellan gum
Lipid and polymer-lipid systems
Encyclopedia of surface and colloid science
Structure-related rheology of colloidal biopolymer mixtures : a literature review
Clusters and colloids : from theory to applications
Bioceramics by sol-gel method : processing and properties of monoliths, films and fibres
Soft matter. Vol. 2, Complex colloidal suspensions
Introduction to soft matter : polymers, colloids, amphiphiles and liquid crystals
Encyclopedia of surface and colloid science. 2004 update supplement
Colloid science : principles, methods and applications
Polymer colloids : a comprehensive introduction
Fundamentals of interface and colloid science. 3, Liquid-fluid interfaces
Dictionary of nanotechnology, colloid and interface science
Specialist surfactants
Physical chemistry of foods
The colloidal domain : where physics, chemistry, biology, and technology meet
Third international conference on surface and colloid science, Stockholm, Sweden, August 20-25 1979
Foundations of colloid science. Vol. 1
Trends in colloid and interface science XVI
An introduction to physical chemistry for biologists and medical students with special reference to colloid chemistry
Adsorption and nanostructures
Food colloids : self-assembly and material science
Trends in colloid and interface science XV
Liquid crystals & plastic crystals. 1, Preparation, constitution and applications
Foundations of colloid science
Emulsions, foams, and suspensions : fundamentals and applications
Surface balance studies of rosin acid monolayers
Surfaces, interfaces, and colloids : principles and applications
Molecular organisation on interfaces
Colloid stability : the role of surface forces. Vol. 2
Surface and colloid science
Analytical ultracentrifugation V
Encyclopedia of surface and colloid science / Dif-Int
The influence of lignosulphonate on the colloidal stability of particulate dispersions
Dictionary of colloid and interface science
Analytical ultracentrifugation VI
Metal distribution and mobility under alkaline conditions
Colloid stability : the role of surface forces. Vol. 1
Encyclopedia of surface and colloid science / A-Dif
Principles of colloid and surface chemistry
Introduction to modern colloid science
Surface and colloid chemistry of papermaking chemicals : 37th further education course of the Association of Finnish Chemical Societies, Helsinki, 14-15 January 1993.
Handbook of surface and colloid chemistry
Colloid chemistry of papermaking materials
Physical chemistry
Liquid crystals & plastic crystals. 2, Physico-chemical properties and methods of investigation
Surface and colloid chemistry in advanced ceramics processing
Papermaking science and technology. Book 3, Forest products chemistry
Colloidal phenomena : an introduction to the science of colloids
Introduction to colloid and surface chemistry
Encyclopedia of surface and colloid science / Inv-Pol
Contact angle, wettability & adhesion. Vol. 2
Sol-gel science : The physics and chemistry of sol-gel processing
Surface and colloid chemistry : principles and applications
