http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10834 Tai languages
Tai languages
Standard Thai-English dictionary
Thai for beginners
Thai phrasebook
Pocket Thai dictionary
Thai signs & other writings
Thai : the complete course. 1, Beginners / part A.
Instant Thai : how to express 1,000 different ideas with just 100 key words and phrases
Photchananukrom angkrit-thai = Se-Ed's modern English-Thai dictionary
A junior English-Thai dictionary
Thai-English student's dictionary
Photčhanānukrom thai-ʻangkrit : chabap than samai = Se-Ed's modern Thai-English dictionary  : (complete & updated) desk reference edition
Thai : an essential grammar
22 secrets of learning Thai : complete guide to sounds, tones and writing systems. vol. 1
Thai : the complete course I. Part B
A workbook for writing Thai
Thai-English dictionary
Photčhanānukrom ʻangkrit-thai = Se-Ed's modern English-Thai dictionary : (complete & updated) desk reference edition
Essential Thai
Phonetic dictionary of the Thai language. Part 2, English - Thai
Information and documentation - transliteration of Thai = Information et documentation - translittération du thaï
Teaching grammar of Thai
International standard. 11940, Information and documentation, transliteration of Thai characters into Latin characters : Part 2 : Simplified transcription of Thai language = Information et documentation, translittération des caractères thaï en caractères latins : Transcription simplifiée de la langue thaï
Mango Languages teaches in-depth and comprehensive language and grammar skills.
A.U.A. Language Center Thai course. Book 1
Complete Thai
Colloquial Thai : a complete language course
CD 6: User's manual.
Shan manuscripts. Part 1
Master Thai in 1 night : the simplest in the world! = Khūn deīyw k keng di phās̄ā thiy S̄ahrab khn phūd phās̄ā xangkvs̄
Shortcut for speaking Thai
Photchananukrom Phutthasat, chabap pramuan tham = Dictionary of buddhism
Thai - easy to talk : begin with the dialogues
Thai : the complete course. 1, Beginners / part B.
This volume features over fifty of the world's languages and language families. The featured languages have been chosen based on the number of speakers, their role as official languages and their cultural and historical importance. Each language is looked at in depth, and the chapters provide information on both grammatical features and on salient features of the language's history and cultural role. This second edition has been updated and revised. Two new languages, Amharic and Javanese, have been included. This accessible volume will appeal to anyone with an interest in linguistics. Attention is paid to both grammatical and sociolinguistic features. Attention is concentrated on the world's major languages designed to be accessible to all readers with an interest in language.
22 secrets of learning Thai : complete guide to sounds, tones and writing system. Vol. I
Thai conversation
Quick & easy Thai speaking
New model Thai-English dictionary
Thai on the go!
The Thai writing system
Survival Thai : how to communicate without fuss or fear instantly!
Romanization guide for thai script
Thai reference grammar
Tai linguistics in honor of Fang-kuei Li
Thai for intermediate learners
Collins pocket Thai dictionary
Photchananukrom thai-angkrit = Se-Ed's modern Thai-English dictionary
"With close to 100 million speakers, Tai-Kadai constitutes one of the world's major language families. The Tai-Kadai Languages provides a unique, comprehensive, single-volume tome covering much needed grammatical descriptions in the area." "It presents an important overview of Thai that includes extensive cross-referencing to other sections of the volume and sign-posting to sources in the bibliography. The volume also includes much new material on Lao and other Tai-Kadai languages, several of which are described here for the first time."--BOOK JACKET.
Thai phrasebook & dictionary
The 20 best novels of Thailand : a Thai Modern Classics anthology
From ancient Thai to modern dialects
Thai : a complete course for beginners
The fundamentals of the Thai language
Learning thai with hâi : 22 secrets of learning thai
The student's manual of the Siamese language
Thai. Beginners/part B, The complete course I
New model English-Thai dictionary
The english Thai dictionary : 3 in 1 : english - pronunciation - thai
Thai folk wisdom : contemporary takes on traditional proverbs
A reference grammar of Thai
Essential Thai : a guide to the basics of the Thai language
Dai Lue-English dictionary
This pioneering dictionary focuses primarily on the dialect of Dai Lue spoken in Sipsong Panna, China, but also notes differences with the Dai Lue dialect in Thailand. Containing more than 13,000 Dai Lue entries, the dictionary provides a phonetic pronunciation guide and complete English definition for each word, as well as the part of speech, classifiers, and spelling variants. Helpful usage examples of the word in context are all accompanied by English translation. An index of English terms keyed to the Dai Lue entries follows the dictionary proper. A bilingual English/Thai introduction to the Dai Lue language is included. Extensive appendixes provide lists of Dai Lue classifiers, pronouns, onomatopoetic words, final particles, geopolitical terms, color terms, and a frequency list of 150 of the most commonly used word.
Thai : phrase book & dictionary
World's major languages
Thai phrase book & CD
Thai. Beginners/part A, The complete couse I
Thai phrase book
Colloquial Thai : the complete course for beginners
Who's lost a handkerchief?
Oxford-River Books English-Thai dictionary  = Photchananukrom `Oksafot-Riwoe Buk `Angkrit
Thai in a week
Phonetic dictionary of the Thai language. Part 1, Thai-English
Oxford-River books English-Thai dictionary
Thai : the complete course I. Part A
Collins English -Thai dictionary
The Oxford-Duden pictorial Thai & English dictionary
Easy Thai : learn to speak Thai quickly
Thai phrase book & dictionary
The world's major languages
English-Thai : the only language book you ever need
