http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10898 time limit
time limit
Non-transferrin-bound iron in hematopoietic stem cell transplantation
Fundamentals of Project Management
Social policy in tandem with the labour market in the European Union
Partial unemployment insurance benefits and the transition rate to regular work
Summaries.
Factors influencing the choice of the most suitable employment contract strategy in relation to office workers : case: Kesko food
The thesis introduces the factors, which influence the most for the employment contract strategy of a company in relation to office workers. The factors are being examined from companies  ́ point of view. This allows one to show the most influential factors in relation to employees  employment contract strategy from its actual perspective. The research also shows what is the linkage between these factors and the employment contract strategies considering business field.  Companies past and current employment contract forms used are being explained in the study and the future intentional strategies in relation to contract forms are being studied here.       These issues are more closely being studied from a company   ́s perspective in a case Kesko food. The case analyses Kesko food  ́s employment contract strategy from the past few years until the five next years to come.
The sculptor
Estimates of past and future forest fire danger in Finland from a climatological viewpoint
Intrauterine contraception : use in nulligravid women and safety aspects
Empty labor : idleness and workplace resistance
Reliable estimation of climatic variations in Finland
Seasonal changes in renal urea concentration in the reindeer: Rangifer tarandus L.
While most people work ever-longer hours, international statistics suggest that the average time spent on non-work activities per employee is around two hours a day. How is this possible, and what are the reasons behind employees withdrawing from work? In this thought-provoking book, Roland Paulsen examines organizational misbehavior, specifically the phenomenon of 'empty labor," defined as the time during which employees engage in private activities during the working day. The author explores a variety of explanations, from under-employment to workplace resistance. Building on a rich selection of interview material and extensive empirical research, he uses both qualitative and quantitative data to present a concrete analysis of the different ways empty labor unfolds in the modern workplace. This book offers new perspectives on subjectivity, rationality and work simulation and will be of particular interest to academic researchers and graduate students in organizational sociology, organization studies, and human resource management."--Publisher description. Read
Time well spent: getting things done through effective time management
Gender and the contours of precarious employment
Three decades of working conditions : findings of Finnish Quality of Work Life Surveys 1977-2008
Flexibility in practice : women's employment and pay in retail and finance
Linguistic relativity : evidence across languages and cognitive domains
Atypical employment and gender in Finland
Physical activity, sedentary behavior, physical performance, adiposity, and academic achievement in primary-school children
Fundamentals of project management
Flexibility and competitiveness : labour market flexibility, innovation and organisational performance : Finnish national report
Clarification and comparison of cast in place and precast construction costs and schedules in Thailand using the BIM modeling
Global trends in flexible labour
Abstract (1 s.).
EU social and employment law : policy and practice in an enlarged Europe
Give me time to think : determining student workload in higher education
Special event production : the process
Exploring genetic susceptibility to autism spectrum disorders
Estimates of past and future forest fire danger in Finland from a climatological viewpoint / : Hanna M. Mäkelä
Regulating new forms of employment : local experiments and social innovation in Europe
Enterprises as employers in Finland : [flexible enterprise project]
Atypical employment in the EC
Plerixafor in autologous stem cell transplantation
