http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10885 temperance
temperance
Vampires anonymous : sobriety sucks
Jews and booze : becoming American in the age of prohibition
Alcohol and temperance in modern history : an international encyclopedia. 1, A-L
Sober living for the revolution : hardcore punk, straight edge, and radical politics
Chilling out : the cultural politics of substance consumption, youth and drug policy
The New Attempt temperance society 1902-1909
How did an antismoking campaign with a Neuro Linguistic Program work out? : a case study of secondary school students' experiences in one Finnish school
Summary s. 181.
Finnish consumption : an emerging consumer society between East and West
Merry-go-round : substance abuse education in lower stage of primary school
Abstaining from alcohol and labour market underperformance : have we forgotten the "dry" alcoholics?
"Education crucial for social change" : interview with Pekka Puska
Try to control yourself : the regulation of public drinking in post-prohibition Ontario, 1927-44
Teetotalism as the core of education at the elementary school teacher training college of Tornio, Finland
The Abstinence Movement in Estonia
After a decade-long addiction to crack cocaine and alcohol, Charlie Engle hit rock bottom after a near-fatal six-day binge ended in a hail of bullets. Then he found running, and it has helped keep him sober, focused and alive. He began to take on the most extreme endurance races, such as the 155-mile Gobi March, and developed a reputation as an inspirational speaker. However, after he made the documentary Running the Sahara, narrated by Matt Damon, which followed him on a 4500-mile crossing of the desert and helped raise $6 million, he was sent to prison after failing to complete his mortgage application properly. It was while he was in jail that he became known as 'The Running Man' as he pounded the prison yard, and soon his fellow inmates were joining him, finding new hope through running. Now, in his brilliantly written and powerful account, Engle tells the story of his life and how running has brought him so much pleasure and peace. Like such classics as Born to Runor Running with the Kenyans, this is a book that anyone who has ever found solace in the freedom of running will enjoy.
The 30 day sobriety solution : how to cut back or quit drinking in the privacy of your own home
Hubu - virtual drug information bus : telematic preventative drug education service
Woman and temperance : the quest for power and liberty, 1873-1900
How the finnish working population fought for prohibition
How the Finnish working population fought for prohibition
Enjoying the nightlife in Europe : the role of moderation
Abstract: Alcohol education for parents : an evaluation of the Wise Parenthood Programme 2009.
Last call : the rise and fall of Prohibition
Individualism, self-control, and the Finnish temperance movement
Wine in the Bible : a biblical study on the use of alcoholic beverages
Abstract (s. 6-7).
Smashed
Abstinence
Precarious pregnancies : alcohol, drugs and the regulation of risks
Genetically determined hypometabolism in Alzheimer's disease and midlife risk factors for cognitive impairment
Project Bay Street : activities of Finnish-Canadians in Thunder Bay before 1915
The pledge : a history of the Finnish temperance movement of Hibbing from 1895 to 1957 = Lupaus : Hibbingin suomalaisen raittiusliikkeen historia vv. 1895-1957
Writing out my heart : selections from the journal of Frances E. Willard, 1855-96
Beyond health literacy : youth cultures, prevention and policy
Running man : how running saved me from addiction and transformed my life
The dynamics of social movements : essays on competition and diffusion
Hand and heart : a family, social, and temperance journal
History of the sixty years of Valontuote Temperance Society : Virginia, Minn. = Historia Valontuote raittiusseuran 60-vuotisesta toiminnasta : Virginia, Minn. : 1893-1953
Drink : the intimate relationship between women and alcohol
Alcoholics Anonymous as a mutual-help movement : a study in eight societies
Desire and craving : studies in a cultural theory of alcoholism
Reforming the self and the other : the temperance movement and the duality of modern subjectivity
Abstainers in Finland 1946-1976 : a study in social and cultural transition
The alcoholic empire : vodka and politics in late Imperial Russia
Summary.
"Liquor weeks" : local cooperation to inform the public about alcohol
Resilience and development : positive life adaptations
Weekend leisure activities and influences on non-use of intoxicants among 14-15 years old Greek girls
Famous fanatics : historical and religious
Abstract (1 s.).
Drink and the Victorians : the temperance question in England 1815-1872
History of the Finnish temperance movement : temperance as a civic religion
The Liquor weeks : alcohol in the public library
Cultural mediators in a hegemonic nightlife : opportunities for drug prevention
The anti-alcohol movement in Europe
A country of decent consumers : the role of alcohol in everyday Finnish life in the 1950s
Alcohol and temperance in modern history : an international encyclopedia. 2, M-Z
Use of tobacco products, alcohol use and exposure to drugs in 1977-2005 : adolescent health and lifestyle survey 2005 in Finland
Symbolic crusade : status politics and the American temperance movement
"When women unite!" : the making of the Anti-Liquor Movement in Andhra Pradesh, India
Desire and craving : a cultural theory of alcoholism
