http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10832 cash management
cash management
The Effects of the New Credit Management Process and OnGuard Software on the Case Company South Europe
The optimal cash deployment strategy : modeling a network of automated teller machines
The law of corporate finance : general principles and EU law. Cash flow, risk, agency, information. Volume I
Requirement engineering process for cash management system : case study: Johnson Electronics Nigeria Limited
The cash : management challenge : how to do more with less
Cash management behavior of firms and its structural change in an emerging money market
International cash management : a practical guide to managing cash flows, liquidity, working capital and short-term financial risks
Creation the SEPA and its impacts on companies in Finland
Accounting and finance for your small business
Fundamentals of corporate finance
The long integration process of European monetary policy has taken long step during the last decade. First the euro was introduced in 1999 and now the European payment system is being standardized. SEPA means Single Euro Payments Area. Its purpose is to standardize and to create more efficient payment systems in the euro area. SEPA consist of all EU euro zone countries, EU non-euro zone countries and EEA zone countries. The first steps of implementation of SEPA were conducted in beginning of 2007, when the IBAN account number was taken into use in the euro area. The objective of this thesis was to study the shift from national payment transactions to a European payment practice SEPA. Hence cash management is an important part of business, and especially it is crucial to ensure the sufficient volume of money available for the business. Managing short-term financing, controlling the cash flows and choosing and maintaining good bank relations are all important aspects of cash management. Therefore, aim was to gain thorough understanding of how these changes in payment methods affect medium and large sized companies' operating in Finland and especially to their cash and liquidity management.  The study of this thesis was conducted through a qualitative research. Theory was based on literature published on the subject. Background information of SEPA was collected mainly from various sources of the Internet and colleagues from Sampo Bank. This is because there was a lack of relevant literature at the time this thesis was done. Moreover, researcher's own findings and working experience in banking industry was used to gather source material.  The findings indicated that the knowledge of SEPA among medium and large companies was relatively good, and mainly proper preparatory actions have been taken. As there is still transition time left, companies were not in haste to make changes to their payment systems. In this thesis, it appears that moving towards SEPA is a very challenging project but also beneficial to all stakeholders.
Creation of the SEPA and its impacts on companies in Finland
Financial management : theory and practice
Summary: Report on risks in Finland's employment pension system.
The purpose of this thesis project was to improve the business activities of Johnson Electronics Nigeria Limited.      Johnson Electronics Nigeria Limited is a Nigerian electronics store. The store has four stores one of them being the head office with a warehouse to keep the excess products. The stores sell different varieties of electronics and electrical products, such as pressing irons, videos, speakers, air conditioner and computers among others.      Presently, the keeping of records in the stores is done manually so there are some problems associated with that since there are no automated systems in use. Coordinating the activities of all stores and the head office warehouse are difficult without a proper system, hence there is need to have a working system that would make the coordination easy and effective.     Within this thesis project, an automated cash management system was created to replace the manual one. The analysis of the present state was done by using the following business engineering methods: the object oriented method and the entity structure analysis.    There is a sales assistant in every store handling the sales activities; a stock keeper taking care of each store's warehouse activities; and a branch accountant heading each store and reporting to the chief accountant. Hence there is need to phase out the stock keepers and branch accountants who make the present system cumbersome.     This thesis project was important to facilitate and improve the sales and stock management system of the Johnson Electronics Nigeria Limited.  The improved system will make recording of sales activities (cash event) and stock activities (stock event) more orderly. There will be easy access to data when needed. The manager and the accountant will be able to make decisions quickly based on easily retrievable facts.
International finance
Working capital management and industry characteristics : a comparison of two Finnish industries
International corporate finance
A Research for Finding a Potential Point of Sale System Vendor for Peroba Ltd.
Corporate treasury and cash management
Corporate finance fundamentals
Payment habits and trends in the changing e-landscape 2010+
Strategic cost analysis for project managers and engineers
Cash inflow forecasting management in a service company operatinginternationally
Operating a cash management and credit control system. Unit 15.
Cash management & credit control
Cash management : making your business cash-rich ...without breaking the bank
Evaluation of cash management banks in Europe : Stora Enso Group
Corporate finance : theory and practice
Banking structures of a modern global business / : cash management's viewpoint - case Rolls-Royce plc
A practical foundation in accounting
Influence of Single Euro Payment Area to management from perspective of accounting
The executive guide to boosting cash flow and shareholder value : the profit pool approach
