http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10806 chemical effects
chemical effects
Photosynthesis, chemical composition and anatomy of Scots pine and Norway spruce needles under elevated atmospheric CO2 concentration and temperature
Aging and chemical resistance
Basic concepts of environmental chemistry
Studies of formation and catalytic decomposition of chlorinated dioxins and related compounds in lab-scale experiments
Forest products and wood science : an introduction
Molecules that changed the world : a brief history of the art and science of synthesis and its impact on society
Factors affecting silver birch (Betula pendula Roth) wood structure and chemistry : growth hormone genes, defoliation, within-stem and seasonal variation
New noble-gas compounds and environmental effects
The dictionary of substances and their effects. Vol. 2, C
Molecular aspects of plant disease resistance
Biological effects of chemical treatment of oil-spills at sea
The handbook of environmental chemistry. Vol. 3, Anthropogenic compounds : part P: Natural production of organohalogen compounds
Abstract (s. iv).
Infochemicals in tritrophic interactions : origin and function in a system consisting of predatory mites, phytophagous mites and their host plants
Cation binding by humic substances
Principles of pharmacology : the pathophysiologic basis of drug therapy
The dictionary of substances and their effects. Vol. 6, N-R
Forest industry wastewaters : environmental effects : second volume of the proceedings of an IAWPRC symposium held at the University of Technology, Finland, 9-12 June 1987
Chemical principles of environmental pollution
The handbook of environmental chemistry. Vol. 3, Detergents : part F: Anthropogenic compounds
The dictionary of substances and their effects. Vol. 3, D-Dim
Cytotoxicity, genotoxicity and irritation potency of some pyrotechnically produced military smokes
Adverse health effects of glycyrrhizic acid in licorice : a risk assessment
Chemical and mineralogical aspects of water-bentonite interaction in nuclear fuel disposal conditions
Wood properties of northern forest trees grown under elevated CO2, O3 and temperature
Symposium proceedings : NBC 2000, Symposium on Nuclear, Biological and Chemical Threats in the 21st Century : 13-15 June, 2000 Helsinki University of Technology, Espoo, Finland
Physiology of the skin II : an expanded scientific guide for the skin care professional
Acute cardiovascular effects of alcohol in man : a noninvasive study in healthy volunteers
Characterisation and source identification of pollution episodes caused by long-range transported aerosols
Urban aerosols : origin, properties, and transformation in the atmosphere
The fate of chemicals spilled on water : a literature review of physical and chemical processes
On-line coupled supercritical fluid extraction : liquid chromatography : gas chromatography in the analysis of atmospheric aerosols
Happikemikaalien käyttöön perustuvan massanvalkaisun ympäristövaikutuksia : yhteenvetoraportti = Environmental effects of effluents from ECF- and TCF-bleaching : executive summary
Dynamics of salicylates in willows and its relation to herbivory
Postmenopausal hormone therapy and the risk for uterine cancers
Why does asparagus make your wee smell? and 57 other curious food and drink questions
Adverse events among older people associated with use of drugs with anticholinergic properties
Feasibility study on the implementation of economic measures to reduce emissions of organic solvents : final report February 1994.
Chemical weapons and their effects on the environment
Development of commercial wood preservatives : efficacy, environmental, and health issues
Chemistry in the marketplace
Arsenic pollution: : a global synthesis
Why does asparagus make your wee smell? : and 57 other curious food and drink questions
Janus-faced taurine : neuroprotection and toxicity
Health effects of selected chemicals. Vol. 3.
The influence of Kola Peninsula, continental European and marine sources on the number concentrations and scattering coefficients of the atmospheric aerosol in Finnish Lapland
Environmental properties of chemicals
War or health? : a reader
Environmental impacts of waste paper recycling
Elements & their compounds in the environment : occurence, analysis & biological relevance
Biotransformation and histopathological responses in chemically stressed freshwater fish
Summary.
Weather & crop protection
Food and indoor air isolated Bacillus non-protein toxins : structures, physico-chemical properties and mechanisms of effects on eukaryotic cells
The evaluation of chemical mutagenicity data in relation to population risk : proceedings of the workshop held at Research Triangle Park, N. C., April 26-28, 1973
Hydrochemical stability of groundwaters surrounding a spent nuclear fuel repository in a 100,000 year perspective
The dictionary of substances and their effects. Vol. 1, A-B
Green chemistry : theory and practice
The environmental effects of conventional and organic/biological farming systems. Part 3, Pest control strategy impacts on the crop ecosytem ; Part 4 : Farming systems impacts on wildlife and habitat
Herbivory on willows : abiotic constraints and trophic interactions
Physiology of the skin II : workbook & study guide
The herbicide glyphosate
Elimination of engine generated nanoparticles : problems and solutions
Tear film lipid layer
Combustion of chemical substances and the impact on the environment of the fire products : cone calorimeter experiments
Chemical evolution : the biological system of the elements
The detoxification and natural degradation of chemical warfare agents
Chemical pesticide markets, health risks and residues
Industrial and process furnaces : principles, design and operation
Phytochemicals : a new paradigm
The dictionary of substances and their effects. Vol. 5, I-M
Delayed toxic effects of chemical warfare agents
Risk management of toxic chemicals : Finnida's manual
The dictionary of substances and their effects. Vol. 7, S-Z
Sensors for environment, health and security : advanced materials and technologies
This book is written for researchers and students interested in the function and role of chemical elements in biological or environmental systems. Experts have long known that the Periodic System of Elements (PSE) provides only an inadequate chemical description of elements of biological, environmental or medicinal importance. This book explores the notion of a Biological System of the Elements (BSE) established on accurate and precise multi-element data, including evolutionary aspects, representative sampling procedures, inter-element relationships, the physiological function of elements and uptake mechanisms. The book further explores the concept Stoichiometric Network Analysis (SNA) to analyze the biological roles of chemical species. Also discussed is the idea of ecotoxicological identity cards which give a first-hand description of properties relevant for biological and toxicological features of a certain chemical element and its geo biochemically plausible speciation form. The focus of this book goes beyond both classical bioinorganic chemistry and toxicology.
Principles of pharmacology workbook
War and nature : fighting humans and insects with chemicals from World War I to Silent Spring
Modelling of ecological risks related to sea-dumped chemical weapons : MERCW deliverable 2.1 ; synthesis report of the available data
Oil shale industry wastewater : impact on river microbial community and possibilities for bioremediation
Physiology of the skin
Determination of crude oil alkylated dibenzothiophenes in environment
The dictionary of substances and their effects. Vol. 4, Din-H
Chemical consequences : environmental mutagens, scientist activism, and the rise of genetic toxicology
Carbon dynamics in peatlands under changing hydrology : effects of water level drawdown on litter quality, microbial enzyme activities and litter decomposition rates
