http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10843 agricultural environment
agricultural environment
Birds on farmsteads : effects of landscape and farming characteristics
Organic food businesses in local alternative agri-food networks in Pirkanmaa region in Finland
Spatially optimal steady state phosphorus policies in crop production
Abatement costs for agricultural nitrogen and phosphorus loads : a case study of crop farming in south-western Finland
Why do the Finnish and Swedish agrienvironmental programmes differ?
Redesigning animal agriculture : the challenge of the 21st century
Marginal abatement costs for reducing leaching of nitrates in Croatian agriculture
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook
Agro-ecological land resources assessment for agricultural development planning : a case study of Kenya : resources data base and land productivity. Technical annex 3, Agro-climatic and agro-edphic suitabilities for barley, oat, cowpea, green gram and pigeonpea
The future of soil science
The compensatory effect of environmental subsidies for agri-environmental output constraints was evaluated through a comparative analysis observing the 'pure' efficiency, as a benchmark for prevailing production conditions, and the 'compensated' efficiency, as a proxy indicator of the compensation. An unbalanced data panel covering 3578 Swedish dairy farms in the period 2002-2012 was used. The analysis showed that in the study period, environmental farm support decreased the differences in farm revenue generated by agri-environmental output constraints in Sweden. However, the environmental support distribution did not succeed in meeting regional needs, so difficulties in farmers' ability to generate output in southern and central forest and valley areas of Sweden were visible. Furthermore, the environmental agricultural support had only a partial subsidisation effect on 'green' farm management practices, with full compensation being achieved for organic and capital-extensive farming, whereas low livestock density farming was not sufficiently compensated. This analysis reveals incentives with policy implications for farm economic performance and provides direct input to future policy recommendations for environmental support allocation.
Functional diversity in agricultural field margins
Preconditions for Sustainable Rural Coworking Spaces in Southwest Finland : Field Study England - Case Study Mietoinen
The farm environment, allergic diseases and respiratory health
Ode to a Skylark : agricultural intensification and farmland birds in the Baltic region
Biorefineries in decentralized environment : review
Climate change and agriculture : theory and application of mitigation policies
Beautiful floods : environmental knowledge and agrarian change in the Mekong Delta, Vietnam
Agro-ecological land resources assessment for agricultural development planning : a case study of Kenya : resources data base and land productivity. Technical annex 1, Land resources
Proceedings from the seminar : manure - an agronomic and environmental challenge. NJF-seminar 372, arranged by NJF sections, soil, water and environment; engineering. Nils Holgersson gymnasiet Skurup, Sweden September 5-6, 2005.
Can learning from the past help to predict the future in the environmental impact assessment on reindeer husbandry?
The rural landscapes of Europe : how man has shaped European nature
Waste management plan for Farmari 2005 Agricultural Fair of Finland
Paying farmers for environmental services
Ode to a skylark : agricultural intensification and farmland birds in the Baltic region
A geospatial approach to assessing the synergies of agriculture-based poverty alleviation programmes : ADRA's programme in the Ga West district of Ghana
Climate change adaptation in arable land use, and impact on nitrogen load at catchment scale in northern agriculture
Agro-ecological land resources assessment for agricultural development planning : a case study of Kenya : resources data base and land productivity. Technical annex 4, Crop productivity
The Development of Immune Responses and Allergy in Children from Farming and Non-farming Environments
Changing land management : adoption of new practices by rural landholders
Population crash of the ortolan bunting Emberiza hortulana in agricultural landscapes of southern Finland
In search of spatial scale : carabid beetle communities in agricultural landscapes
Impacts of reducing red meat consumption on agricultural production in Finland
From m2 to km2 : scaling of the plant species diversity of an agricultural landscape
Counterfactual approach for assessing agri-environmental policy : theory with an application to Finnish water protection policy
Prolongation of the growing season due to a warming climate could represent new opportunities for northern agriculture. Climatic and biotic constraints may challenge future crop production. The objective of this study was to speculate how a range of arable land use patterns, resulting from various policy driven choices, could be introduced into a farming system, and how they would affect the risks associated with nutrient leaching. We found that while adaptation to climate change must include consideration of crop choices, there are conflicts associated with allocations and rotations for various market and policy situations. The expected increase in nutrient loading in the simulations caused by climate change was moderate. The increase can partly be compensated for by changes in farmland use, more in the shorter term than in the longer term to mid-century. In the future, adaptation at cropping system level is potentially an efficient way to manage nutrient load risks.
Synthetic worlds : emerging technologies in education and economics
"Expansion of biofuel investment in Africa has been supported by indebted poor governments because of perceived potential benefits such as sustainable energy development, support to poor farmers, development of rural economies and reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. However, the intensity of the biofuels political economy in poor countries worsens inequality for the vulnerable poor. This is evidenced by large-scale land acquisitions in Africa for biofuel and crop production primarily for foreign consumption - food, animal feeds and energy crops. The search for land in African countrieshas been triggered by growing concerns over food and energy security in developed countries following the global food crisis of 2008. Moreover, these recent developments in large-scale land acquisitions in Africa are not a new phenomenon, but represent the renewal of old practices incommercial agriculture, which is either conducted through purchases or long-term leases. In addition to biofuel expansion, this study notes that current large-scale land acquisitions in sub-Saharan Africa have been further driven by demands to access water resources for other commercial agricultural crops. The land purchases or leases automatically guarantee access to African water. This demand for water is a response to climate change: most industrialists believe that acquiring land near a main water reservoir will guarantee future agricultural potential. Few analyses have been done on the land-water access nexus. This article considers recent developments in large-scaleland acquisitions in Africa in terms of water security for commercial agriculture to safeguard the production of agricultural crops with a large water footprint. Using political economy analysis, this article examines national policy on these acquisitions, the rights accorded to foreign investors and how land acquisitions undermine indigenous rights to the common resources that have been the mainsource of livelihood in sub-Saharan Africa." --Publisher's description.
Environmental Services provided by the Nordic-Baltic Forests : extended abstracts of the CAR-ES network meeting in Finland 20.-22.10.2014
Danish policy measures to control agricultural impacts on the environment
Emissions mitigation in New Zealand dairy farming : a delphi study
Legislation and measures for the solving of environmental problems resulting from agricultural practices (with particular reference to soil, air and water), their economic consequences and impact on agrarian structures and farm rationalization
Integrating environment and economy : progress in the 1990s
Ecological implications of contemporary agriculture : proceedings of the 4. European Ecology Symposium, 7-12 September 1986, Wageningen
This paper summarises the simulated effects on Finnish agricultural production and trade of a 20% decrease in Finnish demand for red meat (beef, pork, lamb). According to our results, reduced red meat consumption would be offset by increased consumption of poultry meat, eggs, dairy products and fish, as well as small increases in consumption of fruits and vegetables, peas, nuts, cereal products and sweets. By including the derived demand changes in an agricultural sector model, we show that livestock production in Finland, incentivised by national production-linked payments for milk and bovine animals, would decrease by much less than 20% due to the complex nature of agricultural production and trade. Overall, assuming unchanged consumer preferences and agricultural policy, a 20% reduction in red meat consumption is not likely to lead to a substantial decrease in livestock production or changed land use, or greenhouse gas emissions, from Finnish agriculture.
Medium-run projections for greenhouse gas emissions arising from agriculture: the case of milk production in Estonia
More from agriculture : testing the concept and practise of locally driven environmental initiatives
Policy change and learning : implementing EU environmental policies affecting agriculture
Knowledge, space, economy
Sustaining agriculture near cities
Green auctions with joint environmental benefits
Essays on agricultural and environmental policy
Pure and compensated efficiency of Swedish dairy farms
Journal of agricultural and environmental ethics
Assessing the recreational demand for agricultural land in Finland
Economic value of pro-environmental farming : a critical and decision-making oriented application of the contingent valuation method
Re-inventing the rural : between the social and the natural : book of abstracts
Performance of alternative policies in addressing environmental dimensions of multifunctionality
Opportunities for reducing environmental emissions from forage-based dairy farms
Rot bilong mipela : the politics of logging in East New Britain, Papua New Guinea
Plant invasions in boreal agricultural habitats : the effect of environmental conditions, species traits and the impact on native diversity
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
The globalization reader
Appropriate classification of three Swedish soils for agrarian and environmental management
Biodiversity of agricultural landscapes in Finland
The environmental effectiviness of alternative agri-environmental policy reforms : theoretical and empirical analysis
Agriculture and the environment
Reindeer talk : Sámi reindeer herding and nature management
Environmental policy integration in practice : shaping institutions for learning
Agro-ecological land resources assessment for agricultural development planning : a case study of Kenya : resources data base and land productivity. Technical annex 2, Soil erosion and productivity
In order to respond to increasing global food demand and provide for national economic growth, the Estonian Dairy Strategy for 2012−2020 aims to achieve a 30% growth in milk production. At the same time, there is a global attempt to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. This paper analyses the medium-term (2015−2020) projections for milk production and associated GHG emissions from dairy cows in Estonia. The FAPRI-GOLD type market model of Estonian agriculture, which is used for projections of agricultural production, was supplemented with a module that helps project GHG emissions. The paper demonstrates the endogenisation of GHG emission factors in a relatively general agricultural market model context. The results imply that increasing milk production by 30% by 2020 would jeopardise Estonia's commitments with regard to agricultural GHG emissions. However, the average GHG emission per tonne of produced milk will decline, thus reducing the “carbon footprint” of milk production.
Farmland birds and habitat heterogeneity in intensively cultivated boreal agricultural landscapes
Agro-ecological land resources assessment for agricultural development planning : a case study of Kenya : resources data base and land productivity : main report
Scenarios for future agriculture in Finland : a Delphi study among agri-food sector stakeholders
Manure nutrient content in the Baltic Sea countries
Does scale matter? : cost-effectiveness of agricultural nutrient abatement when target level varies
Local and regional scale determinants of biodiversity patterns in boreal agricultural landscapes
Impacts of agri-environmental policies on land allocation and land prices
Governing the blue-green Baltic Sea : societal challenges of marine eutrophication prevention
Biogeochemistry in acid sulphate soil landscapes and small urban centres in Western Finland
Environment and health in the Accra metropolitan area, Ghana
Agriculture and the environment : technical and vocational education: the means of giving greater prominence to environmental issues in agricultural education (technical and vocational) in the member countries
Food and farming
Nitrogen and phosphorus balances on Finnish dairy farms
Environmental effects from agriculture and forestry in Finland
Cranes : where, when and why? : [a guide book for visitors in European crane areas and ideas how to manage cranes in an agricultural environment]
The Baltic environment, food and health: from habits to awareness : feasibility study : Central Baltic INTERREG IV A Programme 2007-2013
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook ..
Environment, population and development
Addressing the demand for and supply of ecosystem services in agriculture through market-based and target-based policy measures
Effects of habitat quality on the abundance, behaviour and breeding performance of owls : barn and little owls in agro-pastoral landscapes of southern Europe
CAR-ES (Centre of Advanced Research on Environmental Services from Nordic Forest Ecosystems, 2011-2015) is an open network that brings together Nordic and Baltic forest researchers. The CAR-ES network aims at providing scientific knowledge on the impacts of forest management on major environmental services for decision making within the forest sector. The main environmental services addressed are: Carbon sequestration, Water quality, Biodiversity, Soil quality. CAR-ES organizes meetings, workshops and conferences and the second meeting in 2014 was held in Finland, at the premises of Metla Vantaa Unit. The meeting discussed the issues related to the main environmental services covered by CAR-ES, work on the ongoing subprojects and plannned the final conference as well as the future of the network. The workshop was attended by 30 scientists representing the Baltic and Nordic countries. The extended abstracts of the presentations are published in this paper. CAR-ES is funded by the Nordic Forest Research (SNS) as one of its Virtual Centres of Advanced Research.
Environmental indicators and agricultural policy
Agriculture's role as an upholder of cultural heritage : report from a workshop
International business : the new realities
Modern dairy production is inevitably associated with impacts to the environment and the challenge for the industry today is to increase production to meet growing global demand while minimising emissions to the environment. Negative environmental impacts include gaseous emissions to the atmosphere, of ammonia from livestock manure and fertiliser use, of methane from enteric fermentation and manure management, and of nitrous oxide from nitrogen applications to soils and from manure management. Emissions to water include nitrate, ammonium, phosphorus, sediment, pathogens and organic matter, deriving from nutrient applications to forage crops and/or the management of grazing livestock. This paper reviews the sources and impacts of such emissions in the context of a forage-based dairy farm and considers a number of potential mitigation strategies, giving some examples using the farm-scale model SIMSDAIRY. Most of the mitigation measures discussed are associated with systemic improvements in the efficiency of production in dairy systems. Important examples of mitigations include: improvements to dairy herd fertility, that can reduce methane and ammonia emissions by up to 24 and 17%, respectively; diet modification such as the use of high sugar grasses for grazing, which are associated with reductions in cattle N excretion of up to 20% (and therefore lower N losses to the environment) and potentially lower methane emissions, or reducing the crude protein content of the dairy cow diet through use of maize silage to reduce N excretion and methane emissions; the use of nitrification inhibitors with fertiliser and slurry applications to reduce nitrous oxide emissions and nitrate leaching by up to 50%. Much can also be achieved through attention to the quantity, timing and method of application of nutrients to forage crops and utilising advances made through genetic improvements.
Patterns of mixed land use on remote Eurasian rangelands
Foreign direct investment, clean development mechanism, and environmental management : a case of Sub-Saharan Africa
The Baltic environment, food and health : from habits to awareness : feasibility study : Central Baltic INTERREG IV A Programme 2007-2013
Spatial and temporal determinants of Finnish farmland bird populations
From global land grabbing for biofuels to acquisitions of African water for commercial agriculture
Asthma and allergic rhinoconjunctivitis among university students : occurrence and risk factors
