http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10804 revolutionaries
revolutionaries
Stalin. Vol. 1, Paradoxes of power, 1878-1928
The Gods are thirsty : a novel of the French revolution
Revolutionary women in Russia, 1870-1917 : a study in collective biography
Young Che : memories of Che Guevara by his father
Les misérables : the musical phenomenon
Code Geass : Lelouch of the Rebellion. 8
Terrorism, mass uprisings, and political extremism are in the news every day. It is no coincidence that these phenomena come together at the beginning of a new era. Radicals, Revolutionaries, and Terrorists provides a comprehensive survey of the intersection of radical social movements and political violence. The book considers eight essential questions for understanding radicalism, including its origins, dynamics, and outcomes. Ranging across the globe from the 1500s to the present, the book examines cases as diverse as nineteenth–century anarchists, the Nazis, Che Guevara, the Weather Underground, Chechen insurgents, the Earth Liberation Front, Al–Qaeda, and the Arab Spring. Throughout, Colin J. Beck connects these cases to key social movements literature to demonstrate how using multiple areas of research results in better explanations.
My thirty-three years' dream : the autobiography of Miyazaki Tōten
The Bolivian diary
Frantz Fanon : philosopher of the barricades
Midnight in the century
Frantz Fanon was a psychiatrist, philosopher, revolutionary and writer whose hugely influential books--including Black skin, white masks--have informed a wide range of studies, and inspired revolutionary movements from Palestine to Sri Lanka and South Africa. Frantz Fanon: philosopher of the barricades is a critical biography of his extraordinary life and work. Peter Hudis draws on his entire story--from his upbringing in Martinique to his mature efforts to fuse psychoanalysis with philosophy--to show that Fanon's writing speaks directly to today's struggles against racism and alienation.
In 1933, Victor Serge was arrested by Stalin's police, interrogated, and held in solitary confinement for more than eighty days. Released, he spent two years in exile in remote Orenburg. These experiences were the inspiration for Midnight in the Century, Serge's searching novel about revolutionaries living in the shadow of Stalin's betrayal of the revolution. Among the exiles - true believers in a cause that no longer exists - gathered in the town of Chenor, or Black Waters, are the granite-faced old Bolshevik Ryzhik, stoic yet gentle Varvara, and Rodion, a young, self-educated worker who is trying to make sense of the world and history. They struggle in the unlikely company of Russian Orthodox Old Believers who are also suffering for their faith. Against unbelievable odds, the young Rodion will escape captivity and find a new life in the wild. Surviving the dark winter night of the soul, he rediscovers the only real, and most radical, form of resistance: hope
Code Geass : Lelouch of the Rebellion. 1
Fidel Castro : a biography
Francisco de Miranda : exile and enlightenment
The radical sociology of Durkheim and Mauss
Sun Meiniang interacts with the three men in her life during the Boxer Rebellion, including Sun Bing, her father and a leader of the rebellion, who is destined to come to a cruel end.
Robert Emmet : a life
Sun Yat-Sen : his life and its meaning : a critical biography
The tragedy of Cambodian history : politics, war, and revolution since 1945
The communist subversion of Czechoslovakia, 1938-1948 : the failure of coexistence
Code Geass : Lelouch of the Rebellion. 7
Our word is our weapon : selected writings
The first Filipino : a biography of José Rizal
Shadows of tender fury : the letters and communiqués of Subcomandante Marcos and the Zapatista Army of National Liberation
Letters on sympathy (1798) : a critical edition
"Un-American is Bill Mullen's revisionist account of renowned author and activist W.E.B. Du Bois's political thought toward the end of his life, a period largely dismissed and neglected by scholars. He describes Du Bois's support for what the Communist International called 'world revolution' as the primary objective of this aged radical's activism. Du Bois was a champion of the world's laboring millions and critic of the Cold War, a man dedicated to animating global political revolution. Mullen argues that Du Bois believed that the Cold War stalemate could create the conditions in which the world powers could achieve not only peace but workers' democracy. Un-American shows Du Bois to be deeply engaged in international networks and personal relationships with revolutionaries in India, China, and Africa. Mullen explores how thinkers like Karl Marx, Jawaharlal Nehru, Mohandas Gandhi, and C.L.R. James helped him develop a theory of world revolution at a stage in his life when most commentators regard him as marginalized. This original political biography also challenges assessments of Du Bois as an American 'race man'"--
Sophia : princess, suffragette, revolutionary
The worldview of Robert Morris : the case of a man of practice in the American revolutionary era
American blacklist : the attorney general's list of subversive organizations
Bogdanov and his work : a guide to the published and unpublished works of Alexander A. Bogdanov (Malinovsky), 1873-1928
Almost two thousand years after his death, Jesus continues to be front-page news in the United States. Yet American Christians are deeply divided about what it means to follow him. Bible scholar Borg takes us on a journey to discover who Jesus was, what he taught, and why he still matters today. Borg argues that how we see Jesus affects how we see Christianity and reveals a new way of seeing--a new perspective that can overcome the differences between the literalists and progressives, a path that emphasizes following "the way" of Jesus, the original name of the Jesus movement. Jesus remains the decisive revelation of God, but we now encounter him as both a reality and a role model centered in God, focused on both personal and political transformation, emphasizing practices rather than beliefs, and exemplifying a faith characterized by deep commitment and gentle certitude.--From publisher description.
The Russian terrorists : the story of the Narodniki
What Fanon said : a philosophical introduction to his life and thought
Vision accomplished? : the enigma of Ho Chi Minh
Conspirator : Lenin in exile
Ruhollah's lifestyle : a brief book at family lifestyle of Imam Khomeini
The mind of Norman Bethune
Subcommander Marcos : the man and the mask
Un-American : W.E.B. Du Bois and the century of world revolution
Lenin : the practice and theory of revolution
Memoirs of a revolutionary 1901-1941
The usurper : Jorgen Jorgenson and his turbulent life in Iceland and Van Diemen's Land, 1780-1841
"This comparative historical sociology of the Bolshevik revolutionaries offers a reinterpretation of political radicalization in the last years of the Russian Empire. Finding that two-thirds of the Bolshevik leadership were ethnic minorities - Ukrainians, Latvians, Georgians, Jews and others - this book examines the shared experiences of assimilation and socioethnic exclusion that underlay their class universalism. It suggests that imperial policies toward the Empire's diversity radicalized class and ethnicity as intersectional experiences, creating an assimilated but excluded elite: lower-class Russians and middle-class minorities universalized particular exclusions as they disproportionately sustained the economic and political burdens of maintaining the multiethnic Russian Empire. The Bolsheviks' social identities and routes to revolutionary radicalism show especially how a class-universalist politics was appealing to those seeking secularism in response to religious tensions, a universalist politics where ethnic and geopolitical insecurities were exclusionary, and a tolerant 'imperial' imaginary where Russification and illiberal repressions were most keenly felt"--
Remembering Che : my life with Che Guevara
Runaway horses
Iconoclasm in Revolutionary Paris : the transformation of signs
The immortal woman revolutionary 1
Red Rosa : a graphic biography of Rosa Luxemburg
The Bolsheviks and the Russian Empire
Chinese revolutionary : memoirs 1919-1949
Sandalwood death = (Tanxiang xing) : a novel
Canto épico to the FSLN : song cycle
The young Che : memories of Che Guevara
Feminism and the legacy of revolution : Nicaragua, El Salvador, Chiapas
Summary: Historical abstracts (Santa Barbara, Cal.) 25 B 1979 s. 332.
Bolivian diary
Too dangerous for a lady
The Narodniks in the Russian revolution : Russia's socialist-revolutionaries in 1917
Midwives of the revolution : female Bolsheviks and women workers in 1917
Spies and commissars : Bolshevik Russia and the West
Nicolae Bălcescu : a fighter for freedom
Greater than emperor : Cola di Rienzo (ca. 1313-54) and the world of fourteenth-century Rome
Documents from Ordos on the "Revolutionary circles. Part 1-2
Progress : can we do without it?
Red queen
Revolutionary ferment in Finland and the origins of Civil War 1917-1918
Jesus : uncovering the life, teachings, and relevance of a religious revolutionary
The etched city : a novel
Bones of contention : the living archive of Vasil Levski and the making of Bulgaria's national hero
Code Geass : Lelouch of the Rebellion. 3
Reminiscences of the Cuban revolutionary war
Days of love, nights of war : crimethink for beginners
The baklava club
John Daly Burk : Irish revolutionist and American patriot
Midnight
The grace of kings
Prison diary and letters
Ghost heart
King's cage
Radicals, revolutionaries, and terrorists
The Arab autumn? : on the continuity of uprising in Egypt
Breathe
The wall of storms
Human love
What is a revolution? : and other anthropological questions on the Arab Spring
For Maria
Constituent imagination : militant investigations//collective theorization
Queen of Bohemia : the life of Louise Bryant
A few reflections on not naming Egypt's young revolutionaries
Che:  a graphic biography
Foreign fighters : transnational identity in civil conflicts
Revolutionary horizons : popular struggle in Bolivia
The man who loved dogs
The Grace of Kings, the first book in this epic series, tells the story of two men who become friends through rebelling against tyranny and then turn against each other in defense of irreconcilable ideals. Wily, charming Kuni Garu, a bandit, and stern, fearless Mata Zyndu, the son of a deposed duke, seem like polar opposites. Yet, in the uprising against the emperor, the two quickly become the best of friends after a series of adventures fighting against vast conscripted armies, silk-draped airships, soaring battle kites, underwater boats, magical books, shapeshifting gods, and scaled whales who seem to prophesy the future. Once the emperor has been overthrown, however, the two find themselves the leaders of two sides with very different ideas about how the world should be run and the meaning of justice
Death of a revolutionary : Che Guevara's last mission
History will absolve me
The cultural revolution in China
With Mare powerless as a prisoner of Maven Calore, the boy she once loved, her rebel Reds continue to organize and train as they prepare for war, while exiled prince Cal sets out to rescue Maven from captivity.
'Marriage and Revolution' is a double biography of Jean-Marie Roland and Marie-Jeanne Phlipon, later Madame Roland, leading figures in the French Revolution.
Stalin : an appraisal of the man and his influence
Roland de la Platière; a public servant in the eighteenth century
Zapata and the Mexican Revolution
Entangled in terror : the Azef affair and the Russian Revolution
Prophets and conspirators in prerevolutionary Russia
Code Geass : Lelouch of the Rebellion. 2
Profiles of revolutionaries in Atlantic history, 1700-1850
Benjamin Rush, philosopher of the American Revolution
The giant of the French Revolution : Danton, a life
Theobald Wolfe Tone
Guerrilla warfare
Lenin's decision to seize power : the influence of events in Finland
Code Geass : Lelouch of the Rebellion. 6
The prophet : the life of Leon Trotsky : the one-volume edition
A star called Henry
The free state of Jones
Reminiscences of the Cuban Revolutionary War
The Abbé Grégoire and the French Revolution : the making of modern universalism
Fidel & Che : a revolutionary friendship
The story of Che Guevara
From Ancient Egypt to the Arab Spring, iconoclasm has occurred throughout history and across cultures. Both a vehicle for protest and a means of imagining change, it was rife during the tumultuous years of the French Revolution, and in this richly illustrated book Richard Clay examines how politically diverse groups used such attacks to play out their own complex power struggles. Drawing on extensive archival evidence to uncover a variety of iconoclastic acts -- from the beheading or defacing of sculptures, to the smashing of busts, slashing of paintings and toppling of statues --Clay explores the turbulent political undercurrents in revolutionary Paris. Objects whose physical integrity had been respected for years were now targets for attack: while many revolutionary leaders believed that the aesthetic or historical value of symbols should save them from destruction, Clay argues that few Parisians shared such views. He suggests that beneath this treatment of representational objects lay a sophisticated understanding of the power of public spaces and symbols to convey meaning. Unofficial iconoclasm became a means of exerting influence over government policy, leading to official programmes of systematic iconoclasm that transformed Paris. Iconoclasm in revolutionary Paris is not only a major contribution to the historiography of so-called 'vandalism' during the Revolution, but it also has significant implications for debates about heritage preservation in our own time.
Code Geass : Lelouch of the Rebellion. 5
Kinship, community, and self : essays in honor of David Warren Sabean
Ernesto : a memoir of Che Guevara
Cuba : My revolution
The martyr : Bhagat Singh - experiments in revolution
Trotsky : a biography
Leon Trotsky : a revolutionary's life
Marriage and revolution : Monsieur and Madame Roland
Exile in colonial Asia : kings, convicts, commemoration
Leila Khaled : Icon of Palestinian Liberation
Portraits of Chinese women in revolution
Code Geass : Lelouch of the Rebellion. 4
Sandinista : Carlos Fonseca and the Nicaraguan revolution
The social philosophers
"David Warren Sabean was a pioneer in the historical-anthropological study of kinship, community, and selfhood in early modern and modern Europe. His career has helped shape the discipline of history through his supervision of dozens of graduate students and his influence on countless other scholars. This book collects wide-ranging essays demonstrating the impact of Sabean's work has on scholars of diverse time periods and regions, all revolving around the prominent issues that have framed his career: kinship, community, and self. The significance of David Warren Sabean's scholarship is reflected in original research contributed by former students and essays written by his contemporaries, demonstrating Sabean's impact on the discipline of history"--Provided by publisher.
Selected writings on anarchism and revolution
Muslim rulers and rebels : everyday politics and armed separatism in the Southern Philippines
Time was on our side
Che : images of a revolutionary
Naxalbari and Indian revolution
Inventing a hero : the posthumous re-creation of Andres Bonifacio
