http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10896 ascomycetes
ascomycetes Ascomycota
Laboulbeniales (Ascomycetes) of Finland and adjacent parts of the U.S.S.R
Fungi fimicoli italici : a guide to the recognition of basidiomycetes and ascomycetes living on faecal material = guida al riconoscimento dei basidiomiceti e degli ascomiceti che vivono su materia fecale
The non-lichenized ascomycetes of Sweden
Caloscyphaceae, a new family of the Pezizales
Compendium of blueberry and cranberry diseases
Phytochemistry and chemotaxonomy of lichenized Ascomycetes - a Festschrift in honour of Siegfried Huneck
Structural studies of ascomycete laccases : insights into the reaction pathways
Checklist of Polish larger Ascomycetes
Revision of the Ascomycete genus Amphisphaeria
Once again on Discosphaerina
A phylogenetic study fo Nephroma (lichen-forming Ascomycota)
Lichenicolous fungi of Poland : a catalogue and key to species = Grzyby napostrowe Polski : katalog i klucz do gatunków
Ecology of Daldinia spp. with special emphasis on Daldinia loculata
British ascomycetes
Sticky business : diversity and evolution of Mycocaliciales (Ascomycota) on plant exudates
Fungi of Switzerland : a contribution to the knowledge of the fungal flora of Switzerland. Vol. 1, Ascomycetes : 390 species described, principally from the Canton of Lucerne and central Switzerland, with drawings of microscopic features and colour photographs
Size of ascospores in the A and B types of Gremmeniella abietina
Studies on cupulate species of Helvella
Monograph of the monocotyledon-inhabiting species of Lophodermium
The striped ambrosia beetle, Trypodendron lineatum (Olivier), and its fungal associates
The genera of the operculate Discomycetes : a re-evaluation of their taxonomy, phylogeny and nomenclature
New national and regional biological records for Finland 5. Contributions to agaricoid and ascomycetoid taxa of fungi 4.
The families of bitunicate ascomycetes
Palm microfungi
Phylogeny, symbiotic interactions and chemical variation in the genus Bryoria section implexae (Parmeliaceae, Lecanoromycetes)
Phylogeny and relationships in the Ascomycetes
The Pyrenomycetes described by J. B. Ellis
Checklist of the non-lichenized ascomycetes of Sweden
Taxonomic studies in Sphaerophoraceae (Caliciales, Ascomycotina)
Morphological variation and ITS phylogeny of Chaenotheca trichialis and C. xyloxena (Coniocybaceae, lichenized ascomycetes)
British cup fungi and their allies : an introduction to the ascomycetes
New resinicolous ascomycetes from beaver scars in western North America
Phaeocalicium (Mycocaliciaceae,Ascomycetes) in Northern Europe
A monograph of Hyaloscypha and allied genera
One genera of agaricoid fungi (Basidiomycota): Romagnesiella and 12 species are reported as new to Finland: Agaricus macrocarpus, Arrhenia obatra, Arrhenia obscurata, Arrhenia rigidipes, Coprinellus brevisetulosus, Coprinus candidatus, Entoloma plebejum, Hydnum vesterholtii, Inocybe phaeocystidiosa, Mycena clavata, Omphalina arctica and Romagnesiella clavus. Two genera of ascomycetoid fungi (Ascomycota): Strossmayeria, Phaeomollisia and 8 species are reported as new to Finland: Arachnopeziza delicatula, Hyaloscypha diabolica, Hyalopeziza cf. tianschanica, Phaeomollisia piceae, Phialina pseudopuberula, Sphaeropezia hepaticarum, Strossmayeria basitricha and Trichopeziza subsulphurea.    Information of species recently published elsewhere: Cortinarius angustisporus, C. cacaodiscus, C. caesioarmeniacus, C. centrirufus, C. crassisporus, C. cruentiphyllus, C. davemallochii, C. ferrugineovelatus, C. furvus, C. fuscescens, C. murinascens, C. privignipallens, C. pseudofervidus, C. roseivelatus, C. roseocastaneus, C. subbrunneoideus, C. subexitiosus, C. squamivenetus, C. uraceisporus, Hebeloma eburneum, H. salicicola, Hygrophorus exiguus and Psathyrella fennoscandica is brought here together. New records of little collected and rare taxa Coprinopsis patouillardii, Cuphophyllus cinerellus, Galerina perplexa, Galerina pruinatipes, Gorgoniceps hypothallosa, Inocybe boreocarelica, Marasmius setosus, Psathyrella potteri, Psathyrella tenuicula, Russula adulterina, Russula pyriodora, Scutellinia trechispora, Sowerbyella imperialis and Volvariella murinella are also listed. Corrections of previous information are given on: Cortinarius angulosus (under C. duristipes), Coprinopsis patouillardii and Psathyrella potteri.
The Laboulbeniales of Poland
Fossilised Anzia (Lecanorales, lichen-forming Ascomycota) from European Tertiary amber
Illustrated genera of ascomycetes
Hypocrea/Trichoderma (Ascomycota, Hypocreales, Hypocreaceae): species with green ascospores
Transcriptional analysis of Trichoderma reesei under conditions inducing cellulase and hemicellulase production, and identification of factors influencing protein production
Variation of morphological characters in the lichenicolous ascomycete genus Abrothallus
Notes on the macromycetes of finnish Lapland and adjacent Finnmark
Genera of Ascomycetes from palm
A monograph of the genus Taphrina
Biochemical and structural characterisation of the copper containing oxidoreductases catechol oxidase, tyrosinase, and laccase from ascomycete fungi
A world monograph of Anthostomella
Microhongos comunes de Costa Rica y otras regiones tropicales (Ascomycota, Pezizomycotina, Sordarimycetes) = Common microfungi of Costa Rica and other tropical regions (Ascomycota, Pezizomycota, Sordarimycetes)
An emendation of the genus Hyaloscypha to include Fuscoscypha (Hyaloscyphaceae, Helotiales, Ascomycotina)
Ascospore discharge by Neofabraea populi, a cortical pathogen on Populus
Taxonomy and phylogeny of Buellia species with pluriseptate spores (Lecanorales, Ascomycotina)
