http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10848 fear (emotions)
fear (emotions)
BABY BOOKS. Everybody knows that crocodiles love water, but this little crocodile is different. He doesn't like water at all. In fact, he prefers climbing trees! But it can be lonely when you're the odd one out, so the little crocodile tries his best to change. But being wet isn't for everyone - and a shiver soon becomes a cold and the cold becomes a sneeze, a very hot sneeze...Could it be that this little crocodile isn't a crocodile at all? He might just be a DRAGON! A funny, unique and uplifting story from a debut author-illustrator. Ages 0+
Sabbath's theater
The idiot brain : a neuroscientist explains what your head is really up to
Everybody feels...scared!
A man in love. My struggle book 2
Proven guilty
Ash and the big bad fox
New moon
Deus Ex : mankind divided, day one edition (XBOne)
More Balance - Less Fear : The effect of an eight-week group-based balance training program on the balance and fear of falling of independently living elderly people
Exploring the role of music therapy in attachment, identity & creativity : a case study
Anxiety and avoidance : a universal treatment for anxiety, panic, and fear
Anxiety and avoidance : a universal treatment for anxiety, panic, and fear / Michael A. Tompkins
Someone is watching : a novel
Year of the jungle
Oliver who was small but mighty
Fearless living : live without excuses and succeed beyond Your dreams
Feel the fear and do it anyway
The crocodile who didn't like water
The common understanding has been that the mind responds to danger in one of two ways--"fight or flight." But as scientists unlock the secrets of the brain, a more complex understanding of the fear response has emerged. The ancient brain circuitry wired to process fear is also intricately tied to our ability to master new skills, and the sensation of terror can actually enhance both our physical and our mental performance. Science journalist Jeff Wise explores the primal force: Where does panic come from? How do some people perform masterfully under pressure? How can we live a more courageous life? Reporting from the front lines of science, Wise takes us into labs where scientists are learning how we make decisions when confronted with physical peril, how time is perceived when the mind is on high alert, and how willpower succeeds or fails in controlling fear.--From publisher description.
Does social solidarity protect us from a heightened fear of risk?
Acclaimed science journalist Jeff Wise offers a riveting account of how people confront and process extreme fear. Energetic and inspiring, Wise examines how the human spirit can adopt fearful feelings in order to triumph in the face of challenges.
Promoting products with fear : positive emotional responses to fear appeals in promotional television advertising
The fox in the dark
The Berenstain Bears count their blessings
Cyberstorm
Adultery
News media, crime and fear of violence
Little Mouse's big book of beasts
King Jack and the dragon
Tiberius and the mouse from the Moon
Half bad
The 50th law
I was dead for 13 minutes.  I don't remember how I ended up in the icy water but I do know this - it wasn't an accident and I wasn't suicidal.  They say you should keep your friends close and your enemies closer, but when you're a teenage girl, it's hard to tell them apart. My friends love me, I'm sure of it. But that doesn't mean they didn't try to kill me. Does it?
The perfect Percival Priggs
Thank goodness for Bob
The effect of music performance anxiety, context, modality and observers' music expertise on judgment of musical performances
Danny Dreadnought saves the world
Wings of forgiveness : working with the angels to release, heal, and transform
Class is not dismissed
Petal and Poppy and the spooky Halloween!
Last to die
Kartuun dadqallo ka buuxaan = A box full of monsters
Death of a village
Physical activity and mental health
A safe place for Rufus
Kiss heaven goodbye
Jumpy Jack & Googily
Risk : the science and politics of fear
Dental fear among adults in Finland
New research on the psychology of fear
The opposite of worry : the playful parenting approach to childhood anxieties and fears
The society of timid souls, or, how to be brave
The better to eat you with : fear in the animal world
If I was your girl
Social anxiety and emotion recognition in autism spectrum disorders
Love is letting go of fear
Only daughter
School of fear
Coping with fear and stress in preschool-aged children : associations with psychological symptoms
Dread : the dizziness of freedom
The covenant  : a novel
The wall
Pixu : the mark of evil
The strange library
Hippocampal field potentials in animal models of Alzheimer's disease
The knife of never letting go
In her latest book New York Times bestselling author Gabrielle Bernstein teaches readers how to transform their fear into faith in order to live a divinely guided life. Each story and lesson in the book guides readers to release the blocks to what they most long for: happiness, security and clear direction. The lessons help readers relinquish the need to control so they can relax into a sense of certainty and freedom. Readers will learn to stop chasing life and truly live. Making the shift from fear to faith will give readers a sense of power in a world that all too often makes them feel utterly powerless. When the tragedies of the world seem overwhelming, this book will help guide them back to their true power. When readers practice the tools in this book, they'll begin to find strength when they are down, synchronicity and support when they're lost, safety in the face of uncertainty, and joy when they are otherwise in pain.
Back to school Tortoise
Crocodiles need kisses too
Little mouse's big book of fears
Psychological distress in dyspepsia
The black rabbit
Offers a "bible" for success in life and work that advocates living by one simple principle: fear nothing
The fall of the governor. Part one
Dealing with nervousness
Fear in animals and man
The Falcons of fire and ice
Kafka on the shore
The falafel king is dead
The scary monster
Kushiel's Scion : Treason's heir: book one
The moons at your door
Aviation Accidents – The Effect on  Travelling Choices
Amanda Hardy only wants to fit in at her new school, but she is keeping a big secret, so when she falls for Grant, guarded Amanda finds herself yearning to share with him everything about herself, including her previous life as Andrew.
Self-reported negative cognitions, reactive-reflexive positions and sources of fear in musical performance anxiety
Fear of falling and fall circumstances in Thailand
Overcome panic and anxiety disorder : 121 tips, real life advice, resources and more
Performance-related fear experiences, coping and perceived functional impact on highly skilled athletes
When the thrill is gone
Nothing can frighten a bear
Psychology of fear
Boy in the tower
"Unpredictable and entertaining, Burnett's account gives us up-to-date research and the principles of neuroscience along the way. Looking at memory, intelligence, observation, social interaction and personality, Burnett explains why: memory is like a doting mother; tall people are more intelligent; criticism is more powerful than praise; we remember faces before names; a glass of wine can refresh your memory and you can't be 'a little bit OCD'."--Allen & Unwin website.
Wolf who cried boy!
Socially phobic clients' self-descriptions, treatment progress and reflexivity in short-term cognitive-constructivist group psychotherapy
Deus Ex : mankind divided, day one edition (PS4)
The fear of openness : an essay on friendship and the roots of morality
Feel the fear ... and do it anyway
Falls, fear of falling, and falls self-efficacy among adults with multiple sclerosis
Finnish EFL learners' perceptions on errors, corrective feedback and foreign language anxiety
Who will comfort Toffle?
Breaking the fear barrier : how fear destroys companies from the inside out and what to do about it
Activity changes in dorsal hippocampus and ventral striatum during trace fear conditioning in rats
The deeper wound : recovering the soul from fear and suffering
The right to play wrong : qualitative study about group music therapy experience of young musicians dealing with music performance anxiety
The universe has your back : how to feel safe and trust your life no matter what
Why do I feel scared? : a first look at being brave
Affect, imaginery, consciousness. III : The negative affects : anger and fear
The Effects of Multifactorial Fall Prevention on the Psychological Risk Factors of Falling
The caller
The final exam
The universe has your back : transform fear to faith
The learning to love yourself workbook
After you
Landscapes of fear
Adultery : a novel
My age of anxiety : fear, hope, dread, and the search for peace of mind
Assessing the relationship between fear of crime and social solidarity
Feelings of fear and security associated with pregnancy and childbirth : experiences reported before and after childbirth
Multitude in motion : re-readings on the political philosophy of Thomas Hobbes
Proven guilty : a novel of the Dresden files
Class is not dismissed!
I love bugs!
Knock! Knock! Knock! : who's there?
Emotion - attention interactions in infants' face processing
Zoo : the graphic novel
Guilt, shame, and anxiety : understanding and overcoming negative emotions
Aspects and determinants of children’s dental fear
The big leap : conquer your hidden fear and take life to the next level
The moons of Jupiter
Lionheart
Thunderstorms
Unconscious effects of potentially phobic stimuli
Fear : essential wisdom for getting through the storm
Hannah and Sugar
Little mouse's big book of beasts
The terrible plop
Flop-Ear is brave
Free yourself from fear
Creepy carrots!
You can't hide
A young girl learns facts about snakes, including their behavior, physical characteristics, and eating habits, to overcome her trepidation.
In her latest book, The Universe Has Your Back,New York Times best-selling author Gabrielle Bernstein teaches readers how to transform their fear into faith in order to live a divinely guided life. Each story and lesson in the book guides readers to release the blocks to what they most long for: happiness, security and clear direction. The lessons help readers relinquish the need to control so they can relax into a sense of certainty and freedom. Readers will learn to stop chasing life and truly live.  Making the shift from fear to faith will give readers a sense of power in a world that all too often makes them feel utterly powerless. When the tragedies of the world seem overwhelming, this book will help guide them back to their true power.  Gabrielle says, "My commitment with this book is to wake up as many people as possible to their connection to faith and joy. In that connection, we can be guided to our true purpose: to be love and spread love. These words can no longer be cute buzz phrases that we merely post on social media. Rather, these words must be our mission. The happiness, safety, and security we long for lies in our commitment to love."   When readers follow this path, they'll begin to feel a swell of energy move through them. They will find strength when they are down, synchronicity and support when they're lost, safety in the face of uncertainty, and joy when they are otherwise in pain. Follow the secrets revealed in this book to unleash the presence of your power and know always that The Universe Has Your Back.
Researching relief of mathematics anxiety among pre-service elementary school teachers
Think of a number
Franklin and the thunderstorm
Feelings of fear and security associated with pregnancy and children : experiences reported before and after childbirth
Obstetric, psychosocial, and pain-related background, and treatment of fear of childbirth
Extreme fear : the science of your mind in danger
The scariest thing of all
Most common fears and anxiety experienced by women in a miscarriage
