http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10824 dialogicality
dialogicality
Towards dialogic teaching in science : challenging classroom realities through teacher education
Abstract.
Philosophy in the present
Dialogism : Bakhtin and his world
Authoring the dialogic self : gender, agency and language practices
Mind expanding : teaching for thinking and creativity in primary education
Leave the temple : Indian paths to human liberation
The study of argumentation has primarily focused on logical and dialectical approaches, with minimal attention given to the rhetorical facets of argument. Rhetorical Argumentation: Principles of Theory and Practice approaches argumentation from a rhetorical point of view and demonstrates how logical and dialectical considerations depend on the rhetorical features of the argumentative situation. Throughout this text, author Christopher W. Tindale identifies how argumentation as a communicative practice can best be understood by its rhetorical features.     Rhetorical Argumentation uniquely presents argumentation through the idea of an invitational rhetoric by encouraging readers to think about the ways in which they encounter arguments. The book explores the processes involved in the argumentative exchanges between arguers and audiences-thus, emphasizing the collaborative nature of the arguer-audience relationship in the argumentative situation. That is, argument is presented not as a set of ideas imposed upon a passive audience, but rather as a dynamic exchange wherein the audience is involved in self-persuasion.
Video game narrative and criticism : playing the story
"I am because you are" : relationality in the works of Siri Hustvedt
The way of love
The significance of educational dialogues between primary school children
Literary community-making : the dialogicality of English texts from the seventeenth century to the present
People and societies thrive on a versatile and imaginative awareness. Yet the critical debate on arts education is still too often about the qualities of artefacts and technical skills, and tends to neglect issues such as the critical function of the arts in society, artistic cognition and cognitive development, changing artistic and cultural practices, and research into arts participation. Therefore it seems time for a change in perspective, shifting the focus from the qualities of artefacts to those of embodied cognitive and social processes. Arts Education Beyond Art argues that education of the arts, both for children and adults, should focus on the qualities of the processes generated by the artistic artefacts, and on these artefacts as means to an end. Instead of teaching how to look at art, we should teach how to look at life - through art.
Motivational dialogue : preparing addiction professionals for motivational interviewing practice
Dialogical conversations on power abuse in couples treatment for intimate partner violence : a qualitative analysis of positions and dominance used in conversations
Dynamic dialogue in learning and teaching : towards transformation in vocational teacher education
Question and answer : forms of dialogic understanding
This is the first comprehensive account of the Appraisal Framework, an approach developed over the past decade for analyzing the language of evaluation, the linguistic realization of attitudes, judgments and emotion and the ways in which these evaluations are negotiated interpersonally. The underlying linguistic theory is explained and justified, and the application of this flexible tool, which has been applied to a wide variety of text and discourse analysis issues including classroom interaction, academic English, literary stylistics, language of the law and of health professionals, political rhetoric and casual conversation, is demonstrated throughout by sample text analyses drawn from a range of registers, genres and fields.
Examining paratextual theory and its applications in digital culture
Listening to the voices of dementia : the therapist's teaching-learning process through co-construction of narrative and the triadic relationship with Alzheimer’s disease sufferers
Dialogue and desire : Mikhail Bakhtin and the linguistic turn in psychotherapy
Twice-told Tales : intertextual dialogue with American romanticism in Paul Auster's fiction - with special reference to Poe, Hawthorne and Melville
Breaking the fourth wall : direct address in the cinema
Navigating between ideas of democracy and gendered local practices in Vietnam : a Bakhtinian reading of development aid practice
"Other ways of looking out over wide things" : polyphonic criticism of the present moment in John Ashbery's Litany
Communicational criticism : studies in literature as dialogue
Potentials : design in the field : new discourse on craft development 1-2
Introducing dialogic pedagogy : provocations for the early years
Professional listening in the legal context
Characteristics Of True Dialogical Mentoring Process In Teaching Practice
Communication, commitment, and collaboration : perspective on ethical reflection in evaluation practice in multiactor networks
Dialogic methodology and the dialogic space created after an interview
Digital Storytelling, Applied Theatre, & Youth argues that theatre artists must re-imagine how and why they facilitate performance practices with young people. Rapid globalization and advances in media and technology continue to change the ways that people engage with and understand the world around them. Drawing on pedagogical, aesthetic, and theoretical threads of applied theatre and media practices, this book presents practitioners, scholars, and educators with innovative approaches to devising and performing digital stories. This book offers the first comprehensive examination of digital storytelling as an applied theatre practice. Alrutz explores how participatory and mediated performance practices can engage the wisdom and experience of youth; build knowledge about self, others and society; and invite dialogue and deliberation with audiences. In doing so, she theorizes digital storytelling as a site of possibility for critical and relational practices, feminist performance pedagogies, and alliance building with young people.
Dialogue in a management team : empowerment, participation and diversity
Making mentoring a tool for supporting teachers' professional development
The ethics of literary communication : genuineness, directness, indirectness
In a boundary-crossing and globalizing world, the personal and social positions in self and identity become increasingly dense, heterogeneous and even conflicting. In this handbook scholars of different disciplines, nations and cultures (East and West) bring together their views and applications of dialogical self theory in such a way that deeper commonalities are brought to the surface. As a 'bridging theory', dialogical self theory reveals unexpected links between a broad variety of phenomena, such as self and identity problems in education and psychotherapy, multicultural identities, child-rearing practices, adult development, consumer behaviour, the use of the internet and the value of silence. Researchers and practitioners present different methods of investigation, both qualitative and quantitative, and also highlight applications of dialogical self theory.
Anne Bogart is an award-winning theatre maker, and a best-selling writer of books about theatre, art, and cultural politics. In this her latest collection of essays she explores the story-telling impulse, and asks how she, as a 'product of postmodernism', can reconnect to the primal act of making meaning and telling stories. She also asks how theatre practitioners can think of themselves not as stagers of plays but 'orchestrators of social interactions' and participants in an on-going dialogue about the future. We dream. And then occasionally we attempt to share our dreams with others. In recounting our dreams we try to construct a narrative... We also make stories out of our daytime existence. The human brain is a narrative creating machine that takes whatever happens and imposes chronology, meaning, cause and effect... We choose. We can choose to relate to our circumstances with bitterness or with openness. The stories that we tell determine nothing less than personal destiny. (From the introduction) This compelling new book is characteristically made up of chapters with one-word titles: Spaciousness, Narrative, Heat, Limits, Error, Politics, Arrest, Empathy, Opposition, Collaboration and Sustenance. In addition to dipping into neuroscience, performance theory and sociology, Bogart also recounts vivid stories from her own life. But as neuroscience indicates, the event of remembering what happened is in fact the creation of something new.
Women and experience in later medieval writing : reading the book of life
Distinctive qualities in communication research
Dialogues in the creative process of the duet "Story from the lullaby"
The evolutionary feminism of Zhang Kangkang and the developing dialogue between Darwinism and gender studies
American studies as media studies
Coordinating participation in dialogue interpreting
The leader's guide to storytelling : mastering the art and discipline of business narrative
African peoples, alongside other peoples of all generations with good genuine religions have had a sound saving knowledge of the One, True God before Christianity was introduced to them. This is so because the Divine Spirit responsible for this inspiration is not restricted to Christianity. Rather, it is incarnated in every sound and good religion in all the ages of humankind. The main conclusion of my Doctoral Thesis as summed up above has already raised healthy debate in various circles in Kenya and elsewhere. It is hoped that this book will be accessible to more readers than the original Thesis, and that it will raise vigorous discussions on this and related themes. -- “This book is a challenge to all those involved in mission and dialogue in Africa. They are cautioned to avoid the temptation to demand of prospective African converts to abandon their religious heritage as a prerequisite for admission to the Church of Christ. Rather, prospective converts to the Christian faith should be encouraged to digest the Gospel in accordance with their own understanding within their respective cultures. Only through this process can the Gospel become internalized cross-culturally.” Prof. Frans Wijsen, Radboud University, Netherlands. -- “This book imposes on the reader an argument so forcefully articulated that it I difficult to refute. Anyone involve in Christian missionary activity in Africa would be wise to take the book very seriously.” Prof. J.N.K Mugambi, University of Nairobi, Kenya
From the room 208 to your place
Dialogic education and technology : expanding the space of learning
Imaginary dialogues in English : explorations of a literary form
Maailman ihanin tyttö = The loveliest girl in the world
Overhearing film dialogue
The Evolutionary feminism of Zhang Kangkang and the developing dialogue between darwinism and gender studies
A cookbook to art and integration in Finland
Dialogue in early South Asian religions : Hindu, Buddhist, and Jain traditions
The language of evaluation : appraisal in English
Digital storytelling, applied theatre, & youth : performing possibility
Dialogue-based teaching : the art museum as a learning space
Listening to the voices of dementia:the therapist's teaching-learning process through co-construction of narrative and the triadic relationship with Alzheimer’s disease sufferers
Rethinking cultural marginality in the postmodern age : dialogical ambivalence of the multicultural self
Rhetorical argumentation : principles of theory and practice
The object of this work is the interdisciplinary dialogue between natural sciences and Christian theology. The objective is to study the theological, epistemological and semantic conditions that make possible an articulation between scientific worldviews and theological discourses. In this study “to articulate” means that scientific theories and theological discourses do not share the same semantic horizon. At the same time, the verb “to articulate” implies that there is a possible mediation between scientific worldviews and systematic theology. The main thesis of this study is that an articulation between scientific worldviews and systematic theology is possible through the mediation of philosophy. Natural sciences and philosophy refer to the order of manifestation where real things appear as phenomena. Christian theology refers to the order of revelation where God communicates Himself to the human person. The relationship between these two orders can be expressed with the maxim: neither confusion nor separation. Furthermore, there is a positive formulation of that relation: revelation assumes and transfigures what is manifested. This model of relation is the fundamental theological condition that makes possible an articulation between natural sciences and theology. In addition, there is an epistemological condition: the homologous rational structure of each rational field (sciences, philosophy and theology). Based on these theological and epistemological conditions, this research work proposes a theological method that articulates scientific worldviews into systematic theology through the mediation of philosophy. The method seeks two objectives: (a) that theology remains in its epistemological boundaries and (b) to respect symmetrically the autonomy of natural sciences' procedures. Finally, the proposed method is applied to three examples: the elaboration of theological discourses, in dialogue with natural sciences, about (i) creation, (ii) human action and (iii) a spiritual contemplation of God's presence in the world. This research follows the contributions of two major scholars of the twentieth century: Jean Ladrière and Xavier Zubiri. Our considerations are based on the scholars' analyses of the plurality of epistemologies and their analyses of the intellectual act.
Imaginary dialogues in American literature and philosophy : beyond the mainstream
Conversational realities revisited : life, language, body and world
The Socratic classroom : reflective thinking through collaborative inquiry
Work life needs challenge vocational teacher education
Painting's identity problem : a coming of age story
The articulation between natural sciences and systematic theology : a philosophical mediation based on the contributions of Jean Ladrière and Xavier Zubiri
Future theatre research : origin, medium, performance-text, reception and acting
Authentic dialogue with persons who are developmentally disabled : sad without tears
Arts education and beyond
Speakers and doers : polyphony and agency in children's beliefs about language learning
Art-led participative processes : dialogue and subjectivity within performances in the everyday
Language learning as dialogue and participation
Dialogue in intercultural communities : from an educational point of view
The Way of Love asks the question: How can we love each other? Here Luce Irigaray, one of the world's foremost philosophers, presents an extraordinary exploration of desire and the human heart. If Western philosophy has claimed to be a love of wisdom, it has forgotten to become a wisdom of love. We still lack words, gestures, ways of doing or thinking to approach one another as humans, to enter into dialogue, to build a world where we can live together.
Active audience : a new materialistic interpretation of a key concept of cultural studies
Educational dialogues : understanding and promoting productive interaction
Religion in the thought of Mikhail Bakhtin : reason and faith
How does dialogical self theory appear in the light of cognitive analytic therapy? : two approaches to the self
Rethinking cultural marginality in the postmodern age: dialogical ambivalence of the multicultural self
Innovative methods in media and communication research
Rethinking language, mind, and world dialogically : interactional and contextual theories of human sense-making
Duoethnography : dialogic methods for social, health, and educational research
Being and Listening : counselling, psychoanalysis & the ontology of listening
Handbook of dialogical self theory
Reasoning in a science classroom
Transforming teaching and learning with active and dramatic approaches : engaging students across the curriculum
Viewing norms dialogically : an action-oriented approach to sociolinguistic metatheory
This study explores dialogical mentoring and is part of a larger research project begun in 2009. It was designed and carried out in Finland, in the School of Vocational Teacher Education, a unit of the Oulu University of Applied Sciences. The empirical data were collected from mentors and mentees during the teacher practice period. Dialogical mentoring is a process where both novice and experienced teachers can learn something new. Dialogue involves the participants' willingness to put forward and share new ideas. This study attempts to clarify the main characteristics of true dialogical mentoring process in teaching practice. According to the findings, the main characteristics in mentoring the teaching practice are: equal encounter and mutual appreciation of competence, mutual learning and growth of competence.
Reconceptualising teacherhood through the lens of foreign-language mediation
In dementia care, it has been widely recognized that not only providing medical treatment, but also building an appropriate care relationship between medical professionals and the persons with dementia is one of the keys for understanding the person's needs and for developing their residual physical and mental abilities. However, there has been little discussion about the meanings and contexts of the care relationship and the role of the therapeutic tools used and the therapist's expertise in establishing it. To examine these points, the following research questions were addressed: 1) as a mediating tool in the care relationship, what kinds of narratives were created through everyday interaction between therapists and dementia sufferers? 2) how and why were narratives constructed? 3) what is the teaching-learning process of the therapist through narrative joint formation?, and consequently, 4) what is the relationship in dementia care? The data was collected from interviews with one experienced occupational therapist and observations of his care sessions with two Alzheimer's disease (AD) sufferers in a Japanese nursing home for two years. Their interactions and narratives were transcribed and qualitatively analysed based on Vygotsky's cultural-historical approaches and Bakhtin's theory of dialogue in education as a theoretical framework. The results have shown that the therapist jointly created narratives and a triadic relationship between the AD sufferers, the narratives, and himself.Using the narratives, he arranged a dialogical environment where the AD sufferers could express their own voices and encounter the voices of others. This enabled them to learn the meaning of their therapeutic activity in connection to their own life experience. As cognitive/psychological tools, the narratives worked towards a teaching-learning process and helped to establish the care re lationship. Through the co-construction of narratives and the triadic relationship, the therapist listened to the AD sufferers' voices carefully, participated in an open ended and unfinalisable dialogue himself with them, and confronted them as equal respondents. In this sense, the therapist is seen as a dialogic teacher who actively learns knowledge and ideas from the dementia sufferers and unceasingly explores unknown questions in narratives with them.
Dialogue, science and academic writing
Semiotics today : from global semiotics to semioethics, a dialogic response
Listening to the voices of dementia : the therapist's teaching-learning process through co-construction of narrative and the triadic relationship with Alzheimer's disease sufferers
What's the story : essays about art, theater and storytelling
God and revelation in African context
This book provides a wide-ranging and in-depth theoretical perspective on dialogue in teaching. It explores the philosophy of dialogism as a social theory of language and explains its importance in teaching and learning. Departing from the more traditional teacher-led mode of teacher-student communication, the dialogic approach is more egalitarian and focuses on the discourse exchange between the parties. Authors explore connections between dialogic pedagogy and sociocultural learning theory, and argue that dialogic interaction between teacher and learners is vital if instruction is to lead to cognitive development. The book also presents prosody as a critical resource for understanding between teachers and students, and includes some of the first empirical studies of speech prosody in classroom discourse.
Dialogic pedagogy : the importance of dialogue in teaching and learning
Literature as dialogue : invitations offered and negotiated
Towards dialogic teaching : rethinking classroom talk
Alienation in the white cube : an educational perspective on curating
Bakhtinian pedagogy : opportunities and challenges for research, policy and practice in education across the globe
Open dialogues and anticipations : respecting otherness in the present moment
Multi-content revelation through dialogue processes : a study in understanding the hermeneutic primary task of small groups in the context of Finland and India
Better than best practice : developing teaching and learning through dialogue
The socratic tradition: questioning philosophy as method
The promise of dialogue : the dialogic turn in the production and communication of knowledge
Performance, ethics and spectatorship in a global age
Tanzanian secondary school students' conceptions of the teacher-student relationship
Crucial conversations : tools for talking when stakes are high
Agentive responsibility and possibilities of conjoined therapy for intimate relationship violence
Representing social order in the Finnish context
"How leaders can use the right story at the right time to inspire change and action  This revised and updated edition of the best-selling book A Leader's Guide to Storytelling shows how storytelling is one of the few ways to handle the most important and difficult challenges of leadership: sparking action, getting people to work together, and leading people into the future. Using myriad illustrative examples and filled with how-to techniques, this book clearly explains how you can learn to tell the right story at the right time.  Stephen Denning has won awards from Financial Times, The Innovation Book Club, and 800-CEO-READ  The book on leadership storytelling shows how successful leaders use stories to get their ideas across and spark enduring enthusiasm for change  Stephen Denning offers a hands-on guide to unleash the power of the business narrative"--
Arts education beyond art : teaching art in times of change
The zones of proximal development in children's play
Eli Rozik explores the principles that generated the theatre medium, and its possible roots in the preverbal imagistic mode of thinking. This mode characterizes the remnants of preverbal thinking, such as unconscious thinking (dreaming), the embryonic speech of toddlers, and their imaginative play and drawings prior to mastering verbal thinking. The book is a recapitulation of major findings regarding the nature of the theatre, its medium, fictional creativity and origin, and includes new unpublished studies. It address the principles of imagistic, metaphoric, symbolic and fictional thinking, which characterize the theatre, as well as reception and acting. The work has been designed to fit the structure of a university course, and will appeal to people interested in broadening their knowledge and understanding of theatre art.
Dotted landscape : constructive research into interactive displays in shared spaces
Dialogue in organizations : developing relational leadership
"It has often been assumed that people with developmental disabilities are incapable of expressing or acquiring the level of emotional insight and sensitivity necessary to engage in any kind of therapy. Authentic Dialogue with Persons who are Developmentally Disabled explodes this myth, challenging mental health professionals and families to engage in genuine dialogue with people who are developmentally disabled. Rather than avoiding painful topics, such as awareness of the loss of a normal life, this book shows it is possible to confront these difficult and emotive issues within a therapeutic environment. The author, Jennifer Hill, follows the progress of several developmentally disabled individuals who participated in her group psychotherapy sessions over the course of several months and were able to discuss their feelings of sorrow, grief, jealousy and joy with the group. Offering rare insight into what it means to have a developmental disability from the perspective of those with the condition, Hill suggests a hopeful alternative to many of the programs currently on offer to the developmentally disabled. Thought-provoking and refreshing, this book will be of interest to social workers, psychologists, and educators in the fields of developmental disability and mental health, as well as families of individuals with developmental disabilities." --
In search of the truth : a history of disputation techniques from antiquity to early modern times
Dialogues with/and great books : the dynamics of canon formation
Summary in Swedish.
Effects of authority: Voicescapes in children s beliefs about the learning of English
