http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10888 traces
traces
Food wastage footprint : impacts on natural resources : summary report
Postcolonialism and cultural resistance
Step-by-step cooking : over 100 easy-to-follow recipes and essential techniques
Sweet on Denmark : contemporary Danish dessert
Effects of supplemental lighting, semi-closed greenhouse and split-root fertigation on weekly to seasonal heat and electricity use and CO2 emissions in cucumber growing were estimated in Finland. With moderate lighting (170 W m-2 above rows, 60 W m-2 inter-row) in a ventilated greenhouse, seasonal electricity and heat use (MJ kg-1 cucumber) were 20-50 and 10-25, 17-30 and 3-8, 38-55 and 10-18 in spring, summer and autumn to mid-winter, respectively. In summer, a semi-closed greenhouse improved energy use efficiency by 20-30% and split-root fertigation by 0-15%. Raising light intensity and applying inter- row lighting allowed higher yields in autumn to mid-winter without affecting electricity use efficiency. In other seasons, increasing the lighting decreased the efficiency. The emissions largely resulted from electricity use. Direct emissions (kg CO2-eq kg-1) based on propane and electricity from the national grid were 2.5, 1.5 and 3.3 in spring, summer and autumn to mid-winter, respectively. Efficiency of using solar and supplemental PAR was markedly lower in summer than in other seasons. The results provide profile of energy use and emissions and point to ways to reduce them.
The book of art : 7.
Pie marches on
The Kuusamo drumlin field, northern Finland
Paleo sweets & treats : seasonally-inspired desserts that let you have your cake and your paleo lifestyle, too
Sea salt sweet : the art of using salts for the ultimate dessert experience
Tracks & signs of the birds of Britain & Europe
Analysis of human identification using fingerprints : case study: comparison between Tanzania and Finland
"He talks from the gutter!" : representation of Cockney dialect and its effects on characterization in Lionel Shriver's The Post-Birthday World and its Finnish translation
Usage of geographic information systems (GIS) in analyses of wildlife triangle data
Translating between Aristotle and postmodernism
Carbon footprint of humanitarian logistics : Case the Finnish Red Cross
The Little Paris Kitchen : Classic French recipes with a fresh and simple approach
Wildlife populations in Finland during 1990-1995, based on wildlife triangle data
Signs in the forest : print design collection for Marimekko 2010 spring collection
Painaumia, tunteesta toiseen = Imprint, from one feeling to another / Leevi Haapala
Ice cream : an enticing guide to making ice creams and iced desserts
Outdoor  : grill your way round the world
Carbon footprint of the raw materials of an urban transit bus : case study: diesel, hybrid, electric and converted electric bus
A late Triassic footprint fauna from the Culpeper Basin, northern Virginia (U.S.A.)
Trace fossils : biology, taphonomy and applications
Sustainability assessment of renewables-based products : methods and case studies
The book of art. 7, Impressionists and post-impressionists
The mammal guide : mammals of North America north of Mexico
Summary: On the basis of a field investigation of the morphology of ground and hummocky moraines and textural-structural features of moraine deposits, the author describes the nature of these processes and the role of they play in modelling of the forms. As a result of an analysis of the relief and kinds of deposits, he suggests a way of defining the type of deglaciation of the area.
Trauma recovery after a school shooting : the role of theory-based psychosocial care and attachment in facilitating recovery
Aftermath : World Trade Center archive
Effects of lighting, semi-closed greenhouse and split-root fertigation on energy use and CO2 emissions in high latitude cucumber growing
Some statistical aspects of Finnish wildlife triangles
"This book highlights the issue of adaptation to climate change in food supply chains, the management and policy implications and the importance of supply chain resilience. As the success of the entire food supply chain depends on the prosperity of farms and local communities, the direct climate change risks faced by the agricultural sector are also risks to businesses and food supply chains. Hence, the importance of resilience at farm level, community level and business level when looking at food supply chain policy and management. Attention is given to each phase of the supply chain: input production, agriculture, food processing, retailing, consumption and post-consumption. The book integrates various approaches related to sustainability, resilience and climate adaptation drawing from environmental management, environmental policy, agro-ecology, sociology and behavioral sciences. European case studies demonstrate the vulnerabilities of contemporary food supply chains, the opportunities and competitive advantages related to climate change, and the trans-disciplinary challenges related to successful climate adaptation. The authors argue for a redefinition of the way food supply chains are operated, located and coordinated and propose a novel approach enhancing climate-resilient food supply chain policy and management"--
Puddin' : luscious and unforgettable puddings, parfaits, pudding cakes, pies, and pops
Footprints in stone : the significance of foot and hand prints and other imprints left by early men, giants, heroes, devils, saints, animals, ghosts, witches, fairies and monsters
"Language Disabilities in Cultural and Linguistic Diversity" takes a critical perspective on traditional bio-cognitive-social approaches to language disabilities - specific language impairment, communication difficulties, dyslexia and deafness. A socio-cultural approach orientates a reinterpretation of research, educational practices and policies in assessment, teaching and intervention. A Vygotskian framework affords repositioning of assessment, learning and development for language disabilities as they are influenced and shaped by experiences of multilingualism, culture, ethnicity and race. The author, rather than present definitive answers, aims to offer new analyses and extend current understanding of linguistic phenomena fraught by dilemmas of disentangling diversity and disability. The volume serves as a source of reflection and inquiry for students, professionals and policy makers in education and health who are interested in disability and language disabilities in multilingual and multicultural contexts.
Bioreducer use in blast furnace ironmaking in Finland:techno-economic assessment and CO2 emission reduction potential
See no evil, hear no evil, speak no evil? : subtitling and dubbing of death and violence in Peter Pan
Event marketing : case: Syystober 2011
Development of after-sales program for Valkea Marina
Life cycle assessment and ecodesign in a day : lessons learned from a series of LCA clinics for start-ups and small and medium enterprises (SMEs)
The Post-Impressionists
Creative backstitch
Eco-efficiency in the manufacturing of strech wrapping machines
Let's sell ice cream
Afterwards : [contemporary photography confronting the past]
"Is that another Chaka Khan reference?" : the Swedish dub and subtitle translations of allusions in the American cartoon Phineas and Ferb
Wildlife triangle scheme in Finland: methods and aims for monitoring wildlife populations
Glacial flutings in northern Finnish Lapland
Late-glacial ice flows in northern Kainuu and Peräpohjola, North- East Finland
Compact current pulse-pumped GaAs–AlGaAs laser diode structures for generating high peak-power (1–50 watt) picosecond-range single optical pulses
Transfer of verbal humour in audiovisual translation : Wallace & Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit in Finnish
Oikeilla jäljillä... : [kokoelmat, Nykytaiteen museo Kiasma] = Tracking traces... : [collections, Museum of Contemporary Art Kiasma, 27.3.2009 - 14.2.2010] / [kuraattorit = curators: Eija Aarnio, Leevi Haapala, Pirkko Siitari ; toimittajat = editors: Leevi Haapala, Pirkko Siitari]
Medium-run projections for greenhouse gas emissions arising from agriculture: the case of milk production in Estonia
The complete book of desserts
Salsa : musica for your mouth
Mammals of Britain : their tracks, trails, and signs
Late-glacial and post-glacial development of the valleys of the Oulanka river basin, north-eastern Finland
Bioreducer use in blast furnace ironmaking in Finland : techno-economic assessment and CO2 emission reduction potential
First 3 years : ECO2 - eco-efficient Tampere 2020
A field guide to the tracks and signs of southern and east african wildlife
Inside chocolate : the chocolate lover's guide to boxed chocolates
Film dubbing : phonetic, semiotic, esthetic and psychological aspects
Radical simplicity : small footprints on a finite earth
MASTERPIECES OF IMPRESSIONISM & POST-IMPRESSIONISM : THE ANNENBERG COLLECTION
Truffles and other chocolate confections
Surgically treated acute acalculous cholecystitis in critically ill patients
"The Art of Walking: A Field Guide is a unique look at walking as a mode of artistic practice and is the first book to explore this fascinating subject of how walking can be used as an artistic medium".
Techno-human : expedition of altered human by technology from science-fiction cinema to the post-industrial world
Tracks & sign of insects & other invertebrates : a guide to North American species
Joensuu forestry networking week 2012 : green growth based on forests – New Wooden Products and Construction : Final Report
Consumer-based brand equity in aftermarket / : case: consumer-based brand equity of two brands’ aftermarkets in Finland and in Ukraine
Map of glacial striation of the Scandinavian ice sheet during the last (Weichsel) glaciation in northern Europe
Audiovisual translation in close-up : practical and theoretical approaches
Mammal activity signs : atlas, identification keys and research methods
Developing a More Efficient After Sales Process
The book of pizzas and Italian breads
University Students Seeking Hormonal Emergency Contraception: Why Do They Not Want Pregnancy Now? When is it Suitable to Have Children?
Museum of Gold and of the Bessa - conservation of the Bessa auriferous site: Written by Aldo Rochetti and presented by Arturo Ramella WGA
In order to respond to increasing global food demand and provide for national economic growth, the Estonian Dairy Strategy for 2012−2020 aims to achieve a 30% growth in milk production. At the same time, there is a global attempt to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. This paper analyses the medium-term (2015−2020) projections for milk production and associated GHG emissions from dairy cows in Estonia. The FAPRI-GOLD type market model of Estonian agriculture, which is used for projections of agricultural production, was supplemented with a module that helps project GHG emissions. The paper demonstrates the endogenisation of GHG emission factors in a relatively general agricultural market model context. The results imply that increasing milk production by 30% by 2020 would jeopardise Estonia's commitments with regard to agricultural GHG emissions. However, the average GHG emission per tonne of produced milk will decline, thus reducing the “carbon footprint” of milk production.
Post-impressionists
Value creation and structural change during the third industrial revolution : the Swedish economy from a vertical perspective
Status of game animal populations in Karelia and Finland according to winter track count data
Ben & Jerry's homemade ice cream & dessert book
A collection of photographs documents the destruction done to the World Trade Center in the September 11 attacks and the next nine months of work to clear the debris in Ground Zero.
Water Efficiency Enhancement  : Water Efficiency Enhancement in Myyrmäki and Leppävaara Campuses
The Strange Pawprint
Classic stars desserts : favorite recipes by Emily Luchetti
On design and implementation of fingerprint-based biometric systems
THE BOOK OF ART  7 : IMPRESSIONISTS AND POST..
Morphology and textural-structural features of ground and hummocky moraine in the Paistunturit area, Finnish Lapland
Never follow a dinosaur
Climate change adaptation and food supply chain management
Pattern of dead-ice deglaciation forms in western Kemijärvi, Northern Finland
The book of cheesecakes
Mixing saltiness with sweetness creates a magic alchemy... and some very mouthwatering desserts. Baird teaches you how to use fine artisian salts in sure-to-please reincarnations of classics and more exotic choices. – WorldCat.
University students who sought hormonal emergency contraception (EC) in the Tampere Student Health Station during the period 1.9.2000-31.12.2001 received a questionnaire on their use of it. Of the total, 114 responded (67%). The aim of this study was to ascertain why the respondents did not want to get pregnant now and when it would be suitable for them to get children. Free answers to these questions were analysed using a collective consensus method. The main reasons for not wanting pregnancy now were un? nished studies and the non-steady character of the relationship. Almost all planned to become pregnant some day in the future when their life situation was appropriate, usually at the age of about 30 years.  .
Overcoming language barriers in television : dubbing and subtitling for the European audience
Impressionism and post-impressionism : the Hermitage, Leningrad, the Pushkin Museum of Fine Arts, Moscow and the National Gallery of Art, Washington
The cat wants custard
Low carbon communities : imaginative approaches to combating climate change locally
Ice Cream! : The Whole Scoop
The art of walking : a field guide
Detection of vole scent marks by avian and mammalian predators : role of ultraviolet sensitivity
Beyond disasters : creating opportunities for peace
New resinicolous ascomycetes from beaver scars in western North America
Energy Efficiency -  Assessment and  Analysis of  Energy Consumption at  TAMK Kuntokatu 3 Campus
Painauma. Tunteesta toiseen = Imprint. From one feeling to another
Haunted : contemporary photography, video, performance
Paleobiology of Climactichnites, an enigmatic Late Cambrian fossil
The book of art : a pictorial encyclopedia of painting, drawing, and sculpture. 7, Impressionists and post-impressionists
Summary of the chosen methodologies and practices to produce GHGE-estimates for an average European diet
Animal tracks and signs
