http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10851 pharmacotherapy
pharmacotherapy medication
Nedocromil sodium (Tilade[sup TM]): a novel anti-inflammatory agent for asthma : proceedings of the workshop in Brussels 6 October 1990
Transcriptional responses of chondrocytic and osteoblastic cells to physical forces of hydrostatic and osmotic pressure, mechanical stretching, and low intensity pulsed ultrasound
Oral trofosfamide : an active drug in the treatment of soft-tissue sarcoma
Health in Prospect - High-tech Medicine, Life Enhancement and the Economy of Hope
An Educational Intervention for Nurses Administering Medication : Focus on Dysphagia Patients / Anna Mantere, Aino-Maria Oksanen
Outcomes of the deregulation of nicotine replacement therapy products : a review on reported evidence in Finland and other countries
Clinical calculations : with applications to general and specialty areas
Nature therapy and preventive medicine
eHealth and new learning environments in social and health care education
Is it me or my meds? : living with antidepressants
Community pharmacies and the needs of mobile EU citizens : a study on Finns living in Spain
The allergy bible : understanding, diagnosing, treating, allergies and intolerances
"The last thing Lisa Lynch had expected to put on her 'things to do before you're 30' list was beating breast cancer, but them's the breaks. So with her life on hold, and her mind stuffed with unspoken fears, questions and emotions, she turned to her computer and started blogging about the frustrating, life-altering, sheer pain-in-the-arse inconvenience of getting breast cancer at the age of 28. The C-Word is an unflinchingly honest and darkly humorous account of Lisa's battle with The Bullshit, as she came to call it. From the good days when she could almost pretend it wasn't happening, to the bad days, when she couldn't bear to wake up, Lisa's story is emotional, heartbreaking and often hilarious. The C-Word will make you laugh and cry, and ultimately reaffirm your faith in life."--Publisher's description.
Rosemary Gladstar's medicinal herbs : a beginner's guide
Herbs for long-lasting health : how to make and use herbal remedies for lifelong vitality
Foundations of mental health promotion
Making your outpatient chemotherapy unit more patient-friendly
Vinorelbine and epirubicin in metastatic breast cancer. A dose finding study
New medical treatments opportunities to improve care when adherence to treatment can be improved
Guidelines for a professional community pharmacy in Finland
Intermittent versus continuous androgen deprivation in patients with advanced prostate cancer : the FinnProstate study VII
Medical compared with surgical management in induced abortions and miscarriages
Comparison of a 10-mg controlled release oxybutynin tablet with a 5-mg oxybutynin tablet in urge incontinent patients
Current opinion and novel practices for perioperative pain management in dogs and cats. Part 2, Use of loco-regional techniques
"A revealing, courageous, fascinating, and funny account of the author's experiment with microdoses of LSD in an effort to treat a debilitating mood disorder, of her quest to understand a misunderstood drug, and of her search for a really good day.  When a small vial arrives in her mailbox from "Lewis Carroll," Ayelet Waldman is at a low point. Her mood storms have become intolerably severe; she has tried nearly every medication possible; her husband and children are suffering with her. So she opens the vial, places two drops on her tongue, and joins the ranks of an underground but increasingly vocal group of scientists and civilians successfully using therapeutic microdoses of LSD. As Waldman charts her experience over the course of a month--bursts of productivity, sleepless nights, a newfound sense of equanimity--she also explores the history and mythology of LSD,  the cutting-edge research into the drug, and the byzantine policies that control it. Drawing on her experience as a federal public defender, and as the mother of teenagers, and her research into the therapeutic value of psychedelics, Waldman has produced a book that is eye-opening, often hilarious, and utterly enthralling"--
Psychopharmacology as part of treatment of anorexia nervosa inpatients : a clinical retrospective study
Drugs and medicine
Healthcare facilitators' and students' conceptions of teaching and learning : an international case study
Breastfeeding : a guide for the medical profession
Secondary neuropathology after experimental stroke : with special emphasis on calcium, amyloid and inflammation
Special challenges involved with regard to medicinal products appropriate for children
Safe pharmacotherapy : national guide for pharmacotherapy in social and health care : an abbreviated version
In this article, high-tech medicine is approached as life enhancement technology. Today, the most advanced medical technology operates on the level of cells and molecules, thus opening unprecedented prospects not only for curing and preventing illness but also for shaping of life itself. Thus, high-tech medicine seems to offer more efficient means to remove the restrictions of physical abilities and to improve and 'repair' vital processes. It promises to enhance life. The essay focuses on two aspects of this development. The first issue analysed is the tendency in high-tech medicine to connect medical progress to augmentation of personal choices on health and life improvement. Further, also the economical side is discussed by focusing on the role the patients' activism in high-tech medical business. The argument of the essay is the following: the power to raise hopes for new cures and better life in people is a crucial characteristic of today's high-tech medicine. Consequently, it is the people living in such a hope who provides uel for both technological progress and profitseeking in today's medicine.
Prescribing guidelines
Prescriptions in telepsychiatry
Drug management and parasite resistance in bovine trypanosomiasis in Africa
Volume three of Horticulture - Plants for People and Places analyses in depth the scientific and scholastic concepts interacting with the arts, medicine and humanities which now underpin the rapidly evolving subject of Social Horticulture. This covers: Horticulture and Society, Diet and Health, Psychological Health, Wildlife, Horticulture and Public Welfare, Education, Extension, Economics, Exports and Biosecurity, Scholarship and Art, Scholarship and Literature, Scholarship and History and the relationship between Horticulture and Gardening. This volume takes the evolution of this Discipline firmly into the 21st Century. It breaks new ground by providing a detailed analysis of the value of Horticulture as a force for enhancing society in the form of human welfare, health and well-being. The authors consider how knowledge is transferred within and between generations, and the place of Horticulture in the Arts and Humanities.These studies transcend the barriers between science and the arts. Social benefits of an association with plants include reducing the potential for domestic violence, vandalism, ethnic conflict and crime by building interpersonal social relationships and networks. Two chapters examine the means by which knowledge is delivered and the wider contexts within which Horticultural Education is provided. Understanding the Economics of Horticulture is of paramount importance in justifying public and private financial provisions for the discipline. Biosecurity is not easily achieved because global travel takes new plants, microbes and animals around the world at ever increasing speed. Of particular significance in this volume are the three chapters dealing with aspects of the relationship between Horticulture and scholarship embracing art, literature and history. This is an ancient relationship where Horticultural Science unites with and demonstrates its artistic and historical credentials.Finally, there is an examination of the relationship between Horticulture and Gardening. Culturally gardening has much to do with the relationship between man, plants and the human spirit. It is a truism that 'Horticulture is to English Literature as Gardening is to Theatre'. This book is a sign post for the future of Social Horticulture.
Peripheral intravenous therapy: focus on asepsis
Potential of the osteoclast's proton pump as a drug target in osteoporosis
Use your brain to beat addiction : the complete guide to understanding and tackling addiction
Childhood asthma : your questions answered
Clinical calculations made easy : solving problems using dimensional analysis
The emperor's new drugs : exploding the antidepressant myth
Postoperative nausea and vomiting : with special reference to risk factors and prevention in laparoscopic surgery
Brain TrkB neurotrophin receptor as a target for antidepressant treatments
PCOS and your fertility : your guide to self-care, emotional wellbeing and medical support
A clinical guide to the treatment of the human stress response
Essential psychopharmacology of antidepressants
Summary: SII news: Majority of rheumatic patients use analgesics.
Blackwell's nursing dictionary
Childhood autism : aspects of growth factors and monoaminergic transporters in etiopathogenesis
Health information technology in community pharmacies : a strategic approach
Summary: Occurence and costs of asthma are increasing.
Diabetes for dummies
Summary: Use of antimigraine drugs in Finland.
Chemosensitivity of human melanoma metastases in mouse subrenal capsule assay - can it predict tumour response to combined cytostatic plus interferon therapy in metastatic melanoma?
Complementary & alternative therapies in nursing
Development and application of comprehensive medication review procedure to community-dwelling elderly
Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) will soon be the most frequently diagnosed chronic condition among children, surpassing asthma. Yet research shows that ADHD can't be that prevalent. ADHD, a problem once thought to affect a small percentage of children, has exploded into one of the most misdiagnosed psychiatric conditions. Now doctors and Big Pharma are targeting children and adults worldwide to get the diagnosis and take medications that will, they say, transform their lives. In ADHD Nation, acclaimed New York Times journalist Alan Schwarz takes readers behind the scenes to tell the full story of this billion-dollar industry. There's the father of ADHD, Dr Keith Conners, who spent fifty years promoting the disorder in the US and pills like Ritalin before realising just what he had wrought; a troubled young girl and studious, teenage boy who get entangled in the ADHD machine and are prescribed medications that lead to serious problems; and the pharmaceutical industry that promoted the disorder and continues to earn billions from the rampant mishandling of ADHD. An investigation of how Big Pharma and medical professionals are complicit in the creation, maintenance and continuing expansion of the ADHD industry, this book sounds the alarm for UK readers and demands we wake up to the problem that we too could face in the future.
Antimicrobial use and infections in Finnish long-term care facilities
Cough medicines - a disappearing traditional medication?
Two randomised and placebo-controlled studies of an oral prostacyclin analogue (Iloprost) in severe leg ischaemia
The expression of insulin-like growth factor and its binding protein mRNA in the endometrium of postmenopausal patients with breast cancer receiving tamoxifen
Advances in antiviral drug design. Vol. 1
Clinical pharmacology
Fibromyalgia : your treatment guide
Art portraying medicine
Preventing medication errors and improving therapy outcomes : a management systems approach
Scandinavian journal of surgery : official organ for The Finnish Surgical Society and The Scandinavian Surgical Society
Horticulture: plants for people and places. Volume 3, Social horticulture
Drug treatment for circadian rhythm sleep disorders
Abstract: Hospital-acquired infections (HAIs) present a substantial problem for healthcare providers. The aim of this final project was to improve the safety of patients and health care practitioners in Infection Disease Clinic in Helsinki University Central Hospital (HUCH). This final project was a part of improving asepsis during the preparation, administration and management of peripheral intravenous therapy, a project conducted by the Metropolia University of Applied Sciences in collaboration with Helsinki University Central Hospital. The purpose of the final project was to describe the principles' involved in the preparation, administration and management of peripheral intravenous therapy in the clinical setting. We conducted a systematic literature review of published studies that describe the principles of asepsis involved in the preparation, administration and management of peripheral intravenous therapy in the clinical setting from 2005 to January 2012. From a total of 1135 publications, only eight papers (0.7%) described the guidelines specific to peripheral intravenous therapy. A further 3 articles were selected from the reference list. We described the guidelines from the perspective on preparation, administration and management of peripheral intravenous therapy. Thematic synthesis of all text, figures, tables under the heading, key points, findings, results and discussion or conclusions reported in each included study was performed to develop descriptive and analytical themes. Eleven themes emerged. These themes were based on education of patients and health professionals, environment, hand hygiene, aseptic technique, skin preparation, Insertion of peripheral catheter, catheter-site dressing, maintaining sterile barrier, replacement of administration sets and peripheral catheters, documentation and performance improvement. The findings suggested that healthcare practitioners should always consider the patients as being susceptible. Standardization of practices will help reduce the risk of infection. Finally all health care practitioners must be educated to ensure that practices and procedures are adhered to and are consistent with day-to-day practices.
Development and piloting of a survey instrument for evaluating the impact of multi-dose dispensing on medication adherence
Oops! Another medication error : a literature review of contributing factors and methods to prevent  medication errors
Peripheral intravenous therapy : focus on asepsis : Systematic literature review
New molecular targets for cancer chemotherapy
Role of statins in acute pancreatitis and symptomatic cholelithiasis
Abstract..
Management of Prader-Willi syndrome
Demystifying big data and machine learning for healthcare
Medication safety as part of patient safety : initiatives and research in Finland
Delivery of biologics to the retinal pigment epithelium
Pharmacoeconomic methods for estimating cost-effectiveness and budget impact of cancer treatments in Finland
An Educational Intervention for Nurses Administering Medications : Focus on Dysphagia Patients
Summary: Treatment of rheumatic pain.
Hope or hype : the obsession with medical advances and the high cost of false promises
Synthesis of betulin derivatives with new bioactivities
Antimicrobial Resistance in Finland : Finres 2012
The subrenal capsule assay in predicting responsiveness of gynecological cancers to drug therapy : with special reference to combined cytostatic drugs
Evidence and skills for normal labour and birth : a guide for midwives
Summary: The human genome project.
"Male menopause" : the birth of a new illness?
Cracked : why psychiatry is doing more harm than good
Advances in contraception : the official journal of the Society for advancement of contraception. Vol. 7 supplement 3, Oral contraceptives and cardiovascular disease
The great escape : health, wealth, and the origins of inequality
Industrial organization studies on pharmaceutical markets
Be a survivor : lung cancer treatment guide
Pervasive and mobile sensing and computing for healthcare : technological and social issues
Erikoissairaanhoidon hoitoonpääsy vuosina 2007–2012 = Tillgången till specialiserad sjukvård åren 2007–2012 = Access to services in specialised health care in 2007–2012
Nursing calculations
Goodman and Gilman's The pharmacological basis of therapeutics : in two volumes. Volume 1
Novel materials for controlled peptide delivery: mesoporous silicon and photocrosslinked poly(ester anhydride)s
Healing the addicted brain : the revolutionary, science-based alcoholism and addiction recovery program
Clinical pharmacology for nurses
Goodman and Gilman's The pharmacological basis of therapeutics : in two volumes. Volume 2
Improving pharmacotherapy in older people : a clinical approach
Radcliff and Ogden's calculation of drug dosages
Kozier & Erb's fundamentals of nursing : concepts, process, and practice
Thyroid status of patients receiving long-term anticonvulsant therapy assessed by pheripheral parameters: a placebo-controlled thyroxine therapy trial
Drug treatment for winter depression
Expression and function of angiotensins in the regulation of intraocular pressure : an experimental study
Outcomes of collaborative medication reviews among elderly outpatients
Ketoprofen in tonsillectomy and adenoidectomy with special reference to the effects on surgical time, postoperative pain, adverse events and recovery after surgery
Predictive factors in endonasal endoscopic lacrimal surgery
Lippincott's photo atlas of medication administration
Focus on nursing pharmacology
Summary: SII news: use of opioid  analgesics is increasing among cancer patients.
S-ketamine for the treatment of depression
Naturally pain free : prevent and treat chronic and acute pains ... naturally
Psychotropic medication and functional recovery following cortical stroke in aged rats
Pain, persistence of pain and analgesic use in community-dwelling older Finns
Tetracyclines in treatment of rheumatoid arthritis : [letter to the editor]
Pharmacologic basis of nursing practice
Long-term benzodiazepine use and the aged : time to change clinical practice
Pharmacology for nurses : a pathophysiologic approach
Faculty of health sciences' research day symposium 2017 : effectiveness of health care : abstracts
Adverse events among older people associated with use of drugs with anticholinergic properties
A really good day : how microdosing made a mega difference in my mood, my marriage, and my life
Handbook of comparative treatments for adult disorders
Foot and ankle injection techniques : a practical guide
Use of bleomycin in radiochemotherapy : [letters to the editor]
Utilization and appropriateness of self-medication in Finland
Hospital-based palliative medicine : a practical, evidence-based approach
The Finnish society for patient safety : actions to promote patient and medication safety
"Evidence-based care is a well established principle in contemporary healthcare and a worldwide health care movement. However, despite the emphasis on promoting evidence-based or effective care without the unnecessary use of technologies and drugs, intervention rates in childbirth continue to rise rapidly. This new edition emphasises the importance of translating evidence into skilful practice. It updates the evidence around what works best for normal birth, aspects of which still remain hidden and ignored by some maternity care professionals. Beginning with the decision about where to have a baby, through all the phases of labour to the immediate post-birth period, it systematically details research and other evidence sources that endorse a low intervention approach. The second edition: - has been expanded with new chapters on Preparation for Childbirth and Waterbirth - highlights where the evidence is compelling - discusses its application where women question its relevance to them and where the practitioner's expertise leads them to challenge it - gives background and context before discussing the research to date - includes questions for reflection, skills sections and practice recommendations generated from the evidence. Using evidence drawn from a variety of sources, Evidence and Skills for Normal Labour and Birth critiques institutionalised, scientifically managed birth and endorses a more humane midwifery-led model. Packed with up-to-date and relevant information, this text will help all students, practising midwives and doulas keep abreast of the evidence surrounding normal birth and ensure their practice takes full advantage of it"--Provided by publisher.
Experimental animal models for the study of inflammatory bowel diseases and gastrointestinal anti-inflammatory drugs
Summary: Developing drug therapy with the ROHTO programme.
Dementia : management of behavioural and psychological symptoms
Psychopharmacological management of binge eating disorder
Popular medicines : an illustrated history
Selective toxicity : the physico-chemical basis of therapy
Clinical pharmacology and nursing management
Evidence of clozapine's effectiveness in schizophrenia : a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials
Nursing management in drug therapy
Drug administration
Summary: Treatment of insomnia.
The pill that steals lives : one woman's terrifying journey to discover the truth about antidepressants
ADHD nation : The disorder. The drugs. The inside story
Regulation of inducible nitric oxide synthase expression and nitric oxide production in osteoarthritic cartilage and chondrocytes
Tropical diseases and their simultaneous treatment worldwide
World malaria report 2012.
Identification of epigenetic targets in prostate cancer for therapeutic development
Mesoporous silicon particles designed for nanomedical applications
Novel animal models and gene therapy applications for glioblastoma multiforme
Nursing care of the elderly : a literature review of nurses' challenge in pharmacotherapy of the elderly
Nursing pharmacology
Effect of intratympanically administered gentamicin on hearing and tinnitus in Meniere's disease
UK ambulance services clinical practice guidelines 2016. Pocket book
"In an effort to treat a debilitating mood disorder, Ayelet Waldman undertook a very private experiment, ingesting 10 micrograms of LSD every three days for a month. This is the story--by turns revealing, courageous, fascinating and funny--of her quietly psychedelic spring, her quest to understand one of our most feared drugs, and her search for a really good day"--
Narcolepsy : current drug treatment options
Summary.
Gene therapy strategies to enhance anti-angiogenic therapy, chemotherapy and radiotherapy in the treatment of malignant glioma : a pre-clinical evaluation
Quick medication administration reference
Medicines management : a nursing perspective
Anti-VEGF treatment of wet age-related macular degeneration : from neurophysiology to cost-effectiveness
Radiography
Challenging behaviour and people with learning disabilities : a handbook
Drug calculations / process and problems for clinical practise
"Hospital-Based Palliative Medicine: A Practical, Evidence-Based Approach focuses on improving a Hospitalist's ability to provide quality palliative care in the inpatient hospital setting. Although several large textbooks exist for the palliative care provider, there are few detailed resources aimed specifically at the general Hospitalist and hospital-based staff. Existing textbooks dedicate at most only one chapter to palliative care and they lack the detail and specificity in symptom management and communication skills to truly guide care. Hospital-Based Palliative Medicine addresses each of the major components involved in the delivery of inpatient palliative care. These include the management of complex symptoms and the use of specific communication techniques - right down to the actual words to say to the patient - to convey important information such as the reason for and use of medication and how to handle difficult topics with patients and their families and caregivers. The book's authors are all leaders in the field of palliative care, and most of them also practice as hospitalists, and thus understand both perspectives. Chapters are presented in a consistent format with particular attention to both clinical pearls and pitfalls, making the material practical and easily accessible to the busy hospitalist and associated hospital staff"--Provided by publisher.
The camptothecins : from discovery to the patient
Randomised trial of efficacy and safety of oral ganciclovir in the prevention of cytomegalovirus disease in liver-transplant recipients
Clinical drug therapy : rationales for nursing practice
Functional magnetic resonance imaging in Alzheimer's disease
Medications : a guide for the health professions
Health-related risk factors for falls among early post-menopausal women
Plerixafor in autologous stem cell transplantation
My age of anxiety : fear, hope, dread, and the search for peace of mind
Promoting the development of medical treatment of rare diseases
Metabolic evaluation and medical management of upper urinary tract stone disease
Tiivistelmä: Oops! Another Medication Error, A Literature Review of Contributing Factors and Methods to Prevent Medication Errors.
Cancer chemotherapy : a veterinary handbook
Coping with chemotherapy
Identifying risk with medication use : beyond error reporting
Buprenorphine : features of abuse and methods for improving unobserved dosing in opioid substitution treatment
Neuropsychiatric symptoms, psychotropic drug use and physical restraints in older persons : cross-sectional study in home care and residential care
Atenolol in angina pectoris : preliminary results of an ergometric dose finding study
The C-word : just your average 28-year old...friends, family, Facebook, cancer
Catalytic and therapeutic characteristics of human recombinant glycosylasparaginase and bacterial L-asparaginases
Community control of hypertension : a study of trends in Finland with special emphasis on lifestyle modification
Parents' perceptions and alleviation of children's postoperative pain at home after day surgery
Effect of regular nedocromil sodium or albuterol on bronchial inflammation in chronic asthma
Chemotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis using updated data on individual patients from 52 randomised clinical trials
Comparison of the cost of antidepressants in a prostate cancer screening trial population
Long-term flollow-up study focusing on MDD patients' maintenance treatment, adherence, disability and smoking
Basic salts modify timolol delivery in ocular inserts of alkyl monoesters of poly(vinyl methyl ether-maleic andhydride [i.e. anhydride])
This new edition emphasizes the unique contribution of this longstanding text in the integration of mind/body relationships. The concept of stress, as defined and elaborated in Chapter 1, the primary efferent biological mechanisms of the human stress response, as described in Chapter 2, and the link from stress arousal to disease, as defined in Chapter 3, essentially remains the same. However, updates in microanatomy, biochemistry and tomography are added to these chapters. All other chapters will be updated as well, as there has been significant changes in the field over the past eight years --
Summary: Treating the non-cognitive symptoms of dementia.
The role of the pharmaceutical sector in malaria control in Ghana
Risperidone versus zuclopenthixol in the treatment of acute schizophrenic episodes : a double-blind parallel-group trial
Approaches to tumor chemotherapy : a Symposium of papers and discussions on various aspects of tumor chemotherapy, developed from Summer Meetings, at Gibson Islands, Maryland, 1945-1946
Information technology development needs in community pharmacies : a strategic approach
Workbook for pharmacology for nurses : a pathophysiologic approach
Intermittent interferon and polychemotherapy in metastatic melanoma
Martindale : the extra pharmacopoeia
Handbook of cannabis
Medication management and patient compliance in old age
Beat panic & anxiety : the complete guide to understanding and tackling anxiety disorders
Hypoxia-inducible factor prolyl 4-hydroxylase-2 in cardiac and skeletal muscle ischemia and metabolism
Diet and Medication Therapy in the Treatment of Type 2 Diabetes. : Comparison between Finland and the United States of America (USA).
Abpi compendium of data sheets and summaries of product sharacteristics 1999-2000 : With the code of practise for the pharmaceutical industry
The history of medicine : healthcare around the world and through the ages
Summary: Treatment of cardiac arrythmias in ambulatory care.
Parkinson's disease
Acid test : LSD, Ecstasy, and the power to heal
Concordance : developing patient-centred practice in community pharmacies
Current opinion and novel practices for perioperative pain management in dogs and cats. Part 1, Use of systemic analgesics
The effects of drugs on communication disorders
