http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10897 urban traffic
urban traffic city traffic
"Challenges current notions of space and distance, helping us learn to appreciate and cultivate proximity. A follow-up to Visualizing Density (2007), this book illustrates 12 North American urban neigHborhoods of approximately 125 acres each with hundreds of street-level photographs. Discusses factors of urban form that boost walking and transit use. Visualizes a low-carbon environment in smaller increments and shows how compact development can take shape in different regions and climates"--Provided by publisher.
Optima : optimisation of policies for transport integration in metropolitan areas
Urban transport X : urban transport and the environment in the 21st century
Summary (s. 9-18).
Carfree design manual
Sesame : derivation of the relationship between land use, behaviour patterns and travel demand for political and investment decisions
Transforming urban transport : the ethics, politics and practices of sustainable mobility
Future urban sustainable mobility : implementing and understanding the impacts of policies designed to reduce private automobile usage
Fuel and technology alternatives for buses : overall energy efficiency and emission performance
Sustainable Urban Transport Planning: the case of Tallinn
Technical annex of project AFFORD PL97-2258 4.12.1997
Effectiveness of measures influencing the levels of public transport use in urban areas
An introduction to sustainable transportation : policy, planning and implementation
Analysing spatial accessibility patterns with travel time and distance measures : novel approaches for rural and urban contexts
Pedestrian- & transit-oriented design
The aim of this thesis was to analyze the environmental potential of hybrid busses by comparing the fuel consumption and the tailpipe emissions of several diesel hybrid and diesel bus models. At the beginning the different bus models were chosen and in the following their performance on a drive cycle was calculated. Sources for information were books, the internet and some manufacturer data. The results showed that a reduction of about 31 to 35% in fuel consumption and emission is possible. Nevertheless the theoretical values have to be handled with caution. Actual measurement values with an actual bus performing the drive cycle on a chassis dynamometer are also needed to verify the theoretical data.
The economics of urban transport
Aiuto : assessment of innovative urban transport options
Energy conservation in urban planning : Soviet-Finnish Symposium, Moscow, 14-15 March 1989
Evaluation and improvements of contour-based accessibility measures
ISOTOPE : Improved structure and organization for urban transport operations of passengers in Europe
Made for walking : density and neighborhood form
Understanding travel behaviour in an era of change
The urban transportation system : politics and policy innovation
Fuel consumption and exhaust emissions of urban buses : performance of the new diesel technology
Aspects of congestion pricing for urban transport
APGM, Automated People and Goods Mover : feasibility study: case Tampere
The girl on the train
In The End of Automobile Dependence, Newman and Kenworthy look at how we can accelerate a planning approach to designing urban environments that can function reliably and conveniently on alternative modes, with a refined and more civilized automobile playing a very much reduced and manageable role in urban transportation. The authors examine the rise and fall of automobile dependence using updated data on 44 global cities to better understand how to facilitate and guide cities to the most productive and sustainable outcomes.
Executive summary (s. 1-3).
Summary
Urban freight transportation in Toulouse
Urban transport : studies in economic policy
The environmental potential of hybrid buses in transit city traffic : comparison of various bus models in terms of fuel consumption and exhaust emissions
ReThinking a lot : the design and culture of parking
Sustainable transport in Central and Eastern European cities : proceedings of the Workshop on Transport and Environment in Central and Eastern European Cities, 28th-30th June 1995, Bucharest, Romania
Raitiotiet = Tramways
The aged in rural environment : papers presented in the congress "Die soziale und ökonomische Lage und die soziale Verhältnisse der Alter" in Turku 29.9.-2.10.1987 : the research project "Das Alter auf dem Lande und in der Landwirtschaft"
Plans, pragmatism and people : the legacy of Soviet planning for today's cities
Urban transportation economics
Analysis and development of new insight into substitution of short car trips by cycling and walking : how to substitute short car trips by cycling and walking : Adonis
The exploding metropolis
Forecasting urban travel : past, present and future
Cycling : the way ahead for towns and cities
Executive summary (s. 4-7).
An approach towards the integration of bus information systems in Vietnam: case study: Ho Chi Minh City Bus Information System project
Analysing multimodal accessibility and mobility in urban environments : final report of an intensive course at the Department of Geosciences and Geography, University of Helsinki, autumn 2014
City cycling
Helsinki : towards a solid cycling culture : a journey into winter cycling
The essence of the information society has been under a considerable debate during the last decade. The argumentation concerns the critique of technological determinism and the recognition of political, economic, social and cultural factors that underlie the development. In academic discourse, there has been a noticeable change from engineering based rhetoric towards more humanistic themes and a more qualitative way of speaking about the issue. Also geographical dimensions, mainly related to the urban research and applied urban planning, have emerged. In this paper the essence of the information society is analysed from a perspective of human and cultural geography. The concept of information society is being treated as a subjective construction and it can be conceptualised as a triad. Firstly, it is a tool as such, and the reference is on material symbols representing the tech-sphere of today. This includes actual devices such as computers and mobile telephones and their integrated applications. Secondly, the information society is a set of practices. This refers to everyday routines that are rarely questioned or critically explored. The most common examples of this are e-banking and e-shopping. Finally, the information society is an experience. This theme is characterised by subjective histories, individual contexts and cultural backgrounds. All these dimensions have implications on environment and social conditions of human life. This framework is being used as a tool to evaluate empirical data based on extensive survey conducted in Finland in the year 2001. The sample size was 2750 questionnaires of which 1176 were received back.
One hundred years of electric trams
Telecommunications and the city : electronic spaces, urban places
Jane's urban transport systems. 2007-2008
Quattro : quality approach in tendering urban public transport operations
Learning from Venice : what a unique city can teach about the aesthetic
Operationalisation of marginal cost pricing within urban transport
Telecommunications and transport 1995 : the Helsinki region
Urban transport development with particular reference to developing countries
Survey of public transport and its future prospects in the city of Helsinki and Helsinki metropolitan area
Urban traffic analysis with bus location data
Economic analysis of travelling : studies on travel behaviour in Finland
Urban travel and sustainable development
European sustainable cities
Privilege : priorities for vehicles of essential user groups in urban environments
Helsinki Metropolitan Area transportation system 2020
Transforming cities with transit : transit and land-use integration for sustainable urban development
Intramuros : integrated urban transport concepts and systems
HUTSIM : urban traffic simulation and control model : principles and applications
Threats from car traffic to the quality of urban life : problems, causes, and solutions
Suburbanizing the masses : public transport and urban development in historical perspective
Reinventing the automobile : personal urban mobility for the 21st century
Integrating transport in the city : reconciling the economic, social and environmental dimensions
Modelling of urban transport
Legal and institutional framework for marginal cost pricing in urban transport in Europe
CONCERT-P : Cooperation for novel city electronic regulation tools
Mosaic : mobility strategy applications in the Community
Economic and equity effects of marginal cost pricing in transport : case studies from three European cities
Los Angeles and the automobile : the making of the modern city
Sustainable transport : planning for walking and cycling in urban environments
Sustainable transport, mobility management and travel plans
From horse-drawn omnibus to articulated tram
The great Gatsby
Stadt und Verkehr : gestern, heute, morgen = Town and traffic : yesterday, today, tomorrow = La ville et la circulation : hier, aujourd'hui, demain
Alternatives to the automobile : transport for livable cities
Reclaiming city streets for people : chaos or quality of life?
Asphalt nation : how the automobile took over America, and how we can take it back
The future of public transport
Journey time and occupancy characteristics of the Helsinki metropolitan public transport system
Household choice and urban structure : a reassessment of the behavioral foundation of urban models of housing, labor and transportation markets
Acceptability of urban transport pricing
An examination of how the automobile has ravaged America's cities and landscape in the 20th century together with a strategy for reversing America's automobile dependency.
Streetfight : handbook for an urban revolution
Technical annex of project Afford PL97-2258
Information society, citizens and everyday life: does the Internet make a difference in spatial practices?
"Explaining how to design spaces for pedestrians while also accommodating transit needs, this book is an excellent reference for students, public sector planners and officials, and private sector designers and developers seeking to make places more pedestrian- and transit-friendly. Written by a noted expert on pedestrian design and planning, this handbook contains examples of zoning codes from different localities"--Provided by publisher.
Acceptance for urban road pricing in a politico-economic framework
New market orientated transport systems
Carfree cities
Application of magnetic, geochemical and micro-morphological methods in environmental studies of urban pollution generated by road traffic
Helsinki metropolitan transportation study. 1
The effect of urban vegetation on the spatial distribution of traffic related air pollution : possible effects of artificial aeration
The geography of urban transportation
HSR-COMET : intermodal connection of HSR terminals in metropolitan areas
Cities of the 21st century : new technologies and spatial systems
Sustainability and cities : overcoming automobile dependence
Learning from Venice : what a unique city can teach us about the aesthetic
Wired cities : shaping the future of communications
Proceedings of the French-Finnish Symposium on Urban Traffic : November 14-15, 1996, Helsinki University of Technology, Espoo, Finland
The end of automobile dependence : how cities are moving beyond car-based planning
Moving people : sustainable transport development
Urban traffic pollution
Walcyng : how to enhance walking and cycling instead of shorter car trips and to make these modes safer
Testing for common costs in the city of Helsinki bus transit auctions
Vitality from walking and cycling
