http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10831 generals
generals
Four years with general Lee
Old soldiers never die : the life of Douglas MacArthur
In "Washington : a Life" celebrated biographer Ron Chernow provides a richly nuanced portrait of the father of our nation, dashing forever the stereotype of a stolid, unemotional man, and revealing an astute and surprising portrait of a canny political genius who knew how to inspire people.
Lee and his generals
Wellington : studies in the military and political career of the first Duke of Wellington
Victory at any cost : the genius of Viet Nam's Gen. Vo Nguyen Giap
His Excellency : George Washington
Germanicus(a.k.a. Germanicus Iulius Caesar) was regarded by many Romans as a hero in the mould of Alexander the Great. His untimely death, in suspicious circumstances, ended the possibility of a return to a more open republic and ambitions for the outright conquest of Germania Magna (Germany and The Netherlands). This, the first modern biography of Germanicus Caesar, is in parts a growing-up story, a history of war, a tale of political intrigue and a murder mystery. It is a natural sequel to the author's acclaimed book, 'Eager for glory', which, for the first time, discussed the life of Germanicus' birth father, Nero Claudius Drusus. Born in 16 BC, Germanicus grew up to be a skilled diplomat and a bold general, but also a formidable courtroom advocate, poet and playwright. Marked out to be a successor to Augustus, he married Agrippina, the first emperor's granddaughter by whom he fathered nine children, including the future Emperor Caligula. His reputation and popularity were immense. He put down a mutiny of the Rhine legions, was responsible for avenging Rome's humiliating defeat at the Battle of Teutoburg Forest through victory at Idistaviso (AD 16), and the recovery of two of the three lost legionary eagle standards. Recognizing his achievements, the Emperor Tiberius - his adoptive father - granted him a full triumph, but refused to let him complete the reconquest of Germania, sending him instead to command the provinces in the East. Did Tiberius feel jealous and threatened? Germanicus' good fortune waned when he fell out with one of Tiberius' gubernatorial appointees, the arrogant patrician Calpurnius Piso. Germanicus' death in Syria under mysterious circumstances, aged 34, brought great outpourings of public grief and anger, with many suspecting murder on the orders of Tiberius. As Romans demanded justice Piso was put on trial, but he committed suicide - or was he murdered? - before the senate could reach a verdict.In this highly readable, fast paced account, historical detective Lindsay Powell details Germanicus' campaigns and battles in Illyricum and Germania; tracks him on his epic tour of the Eastern Mediterranean to Armenia and down the Nile; evaluates the possible causes of his death; and reports on the cruel fate his wife Agrippina and their children suffered at the hands of Praetorian Guard commander, and Tiberius' infamous deputy, Aelius Seianus.
A sparrow falls
18th century continuo playing : a historical guide to the basics
Chinese chess : internationalized version XiangQi
General James Longstreet : the Confederacy's most controversial soldier : a biography
Stalin's General : the life of Georgy Zhukov
Journeys in time
Alexander the Great : a reader
Patton : a genius for war
The Soviet general staff at war 1941-1945
Great generals of the American civil war and their battles
Helmuth von Moltke and the origins of the First World War
The devil's paintbrush
Old Ironsides : the military biography of Oliver Cromwell
American soldier
The art of accompaniment from a thorough-bass as practised in the XVIIth & XVIIIth centuries : Volume II
Rommel  : the end of a legend
Stonewall Jackson and the American civil war
Joseph E. Johnston : a Civil War biography
Eisenhower between the wars : the making of a general and statesman
Ratko Mladić : tragic hero
Monty. [2], Master of the battlefield 1942-1944
The journals of Major-Gen. C.G. Gordon, C.B., at Kartoum
The music of the figured bass era
Athenian generals : military authority in the classical period
Mighty Stonewall
Lee and his generals in war and memory
Sir Charles Grey, First Earl Grey : royal soldier, family patriarch
Architect of victory : Douglas Haig
From December 1915 until the armistice of November 1918, Sir Douglas Haig was commander-in-chief of the largest army his country had ever put into the field. He has been portrayed as both an incompetent 'butcher and bungler' and a clear-sighted, imperturbable 'architect of victory'. However, in this magisterial new account, J. P. Harris dispels such stereotypes. A dedicated military professional, Haig nevertheless found it difficult to adjust to the unprecedented conditions of the Western Front. His capacity to 'read' battles and broader strategic situations often proved poor and he bears much responsibility for British losses 1915-17 that were excessive in relation to the results achieved. By late 1917 his own faith in ultimate victory had become so badly shaken that he advocated a compromise peace. However, after surviving the German spring offensives of 1918, he played a vital role in the campaign that finally broke the German army.
American Caesar, Douglas MacArthur, 1880-1964
Moshe Dayan : Israel's controversial hero
C.G.E MANNERHEIM : the Marshal of Finland
Mission to China : memoirs of a Soviet military adviser to Chiang Kaishek = Missiya v Kitae : zapiski voennogo sovetnika, Moscow Nauka, 1981
Stalin and his generals : Soviet military memoirs of World War II
Arias, operatic and oratorio scenes, cantatas, and instrumental works.  In part, figured bass realized for keyboard instrument.
Are leaders born or are they made? : the case of Alexander the Great
Eisenhower : a soldier's life
Stonewell Jackson : the man, the soldier, the legend
A gentleman's home : the museum of Gustaf Mannerheim, Marshal of Finland
Above and beyond : from Soviet general to Ukrainian state builder
Washington : a life
Marlborough : England's fragile genius
Lincoln finds a general : a military study of the Civil War. Vol. 1
Oliver Cromwell
The Black Count : Napoleon's rival, and the real Count of Monte Cristo - General Alexandre Dumas
Douglas Haig and the First World War
The good years : MacArthur and Sutherland
American Caesar : Douglas MacArthur 1880-1964
The commander : a life of Barclay de Tolly
Germanicus : the magnificent life and mysterious death of Rome's most popular general
Themes, character, and politics in Plutarch's Life of Lucullus : the construction of a Roman aristocrat
Captured Soviet generals : the fate of Soviet generals captured by the Germans, 1941-1945
Lincoln finds a general : a military study of the Civil War. Vol. 5, Prelude to Chattanooga
The Ironside diaries 1937-1940
Patton unleashed : Patton's third army and breakout from Normandy, August-Spetember 1944
Killing Patton : the strange death of World War II's most audacious general
General A.P. Hill : the story of a Confederate warrior
Touched by fire : the life, death, and mythic afterlife of George Armstrong Custer
Famous generals WWII : Douglas MacArthur, Joseph Stilwell, Dwight Eisenhower, Omar Bradley, Henry Arnold, George Patton
Monty : the making of a general 1887-1942
Pershing : general of the armies
R.E. Lee : a biography
Oliver Cromwell, soldier : the military life of a revolutionary at war
Getting to know the General : the story of an involvement
The performance of the basso continuo in Italian baroque music
Arik : the life of Ariel Sharon
The memoirs of field marshall Kesselring
The Stilwell papers
The Mannerheim Museum : baron C. G. E. Mannerheim, marshall of Finland, and his home = Das Mannerheim-Museum : freiherr C. G. E. Mannerheim, Marschall von Finnland, und sein Heim
The sympathizer
Monty : the Field-Marshal 1944-1976
Bedford Forrest and his critter company
The life of John Nicholson, soldier and administrator
The art of victory : the life and achievements of Generalissimo Suvorov, 1729-1800
Foch in command : the forging of a wartime general, 1914-1919
MacArthur and defeat in the Philippines
Empires of the dead : how one man's vision led to the creation of WWI's war graves
Canada's Governors-General : Lord Monck to General Vanier
Jeb Stuart : the last cavalier
Lincoln finds a general : a military study of the Civil War. Vol. 2
Eisenhower and Churchill : the partnership that saved the world
Continuo playing according to Handel : his figured bass exercises
General James Longstreet was Lee's senior lieutenant in the Army of Northern Virginia and the general whose conduct at the Battle of Gettysburg remains a topic of heated debate more than 130 years later. Longstreet first saw action in the Mexican War. He joined the Confederacy soon after the Civil War began and fought in nearly every campaign of Lee's army as well as in a major campaign in the Western theater. He led troops from the brigade to the corps level, at First and Second Manassas, Seven Pines, Seven Days, Antietam, Fredericksburg, Gettysburg, the Wilderness, and Petersburg. He scored a decisive victory at Chickamauga. And at war's end he stood alongside Lee at the surrender ceremony at Appomattox. Longstreet led the First Corps under Lee, outranking the better-known commander of the Second Corps, Stonewall Jackson. "Old Pete," as his soldiers called him, was a superb battlefield commander with great tactical skill. But he has long been blamed, especially in the South, for the crucial Confederate defeat at Gettysburg. Jeffry Wert argues that Longstreet opposed Lee's ill-fated frontal assault on July 3 and that, had Lee followed Longstreet's advice to take a more defensive posture, the battle might have turned out differently. After the war, Longstreet joined the Republican Party and became a political apostate in the South during the Reconstruction era. When he died in relative obscurity in 1904, only his old soldiers remembered him. This is the first full-scale biography of Longstreet in forty years, and it returns him to his position of central importance in the Civil War. Jeffry D. Wert's extensive research included unpublished memoirs, diaries, and letters from several archives.
Franco : a personal and political biography
Lincoln finds a general : a military study of the Civil War. Vol. 4, Iuka to Vicksburg
The great road : the life and times of Chu Teh
The warlords : Hindenburg and Ludendorff
Book on a popular and colorful Confederate cavalryman of the Civil War period.
Codename Valkyrie  : general Friedrich Olbricht and the plot against Hitler
Soldier : the life of Colin Powell
Napoleon III and the second empire
Bombing the people : Giulio Douhet and the foundations of air power strategy, 1884-1939
That devil Forrest : life of general Nathan Bedford Forrest
Thoroughbass method : with excerpts from the theoretical works of Praetorius, Niedt, Telemann, Mattheson, Heinichen, J.S. & C. P.E. Bach, Quantz, and Padre Mattei, and numerous examples from the literature of the 17th and 18th centuries
Sherman : soldier, realist, American
Patton : ordeal and triumph
Marshall Massena
Royal rebels : Princess Louise & the Marquis of Lorne
Eisenhower : the man and the symbol
George S. Patton : leadership, strategy, conflict
The generals : Ulysses S. Grant and Robert E. Lee
Ariel Sharon : an intimate portrait
Dining with Marshal Mannerheim
War memoirs. Volume one, The call to honour : 1940-1942 : documents
The gamble : General David Petraeus and the American military adventure in Iraq, 2006-2008
From tsarist general to Red Army commander
The bitter years : Macarthur and Sutherland
Diary of the commander of the Russian Imperial Guard, 1914-1917
Citizen Sherman : a life of William Tecumseh Sherman
Bold dragoon : the life of J. E. B. Stuart
Crazy Horse and Custer : the epic clash of two great warriors at the Little Bighorn
My life and my country
Lincoln finds a general : a military study of the Civil War. Vol. 3, Grant's first year in the West
Napoleon and Wellington
The White Tecumseh : a biography of General William T. Sherman
Lee and Jackson : Confederate chieftains
George B. McClellan, shield of the Union
The art of accompaniment from a thorough-bass as practised in the XVIIth & XVIIIth centuries
A study of the Civil War career of one of the war's most controversial figures, General George B. McClellan, who was dismissed by Lincoln from his post as commander of the Army of the Potomac, in 1862.
Bold dragoon : the life of J.E.B. Stuart
Follows a Viet Cong agent as he spies on a South Vietnamese army general and his compatriots as they start a new life in 1975 Los Angeles.
De Gaulle : a biography
The Great generals of the 20th century
Bach's continuo group : players and practices in his vocal works
