http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10849 archaeologists
archaeologists
A short history of archaeology
Pioneers of prehistory in England
Nina trying to follow in her late mother's footsteps as she and husband Eddie search for King Midas' legacy. A return to Atlantis The lost city has defined Nina Wilde's life. Her parents' obsession with Atlantis cost them their lives, but finding it brought Nina to her husband Eddie Chase and a series of archaeological treasures. A secret codex A decade later, the International Heritage Agency needs their help to locate the Secret Codex, an account of ancient Atlantean explorer Talonor's journeys, thought to be located in the dangerous underwater ruins of Atlantis. Unable to resist one more adventure, the couple join the mission. A king whose touch turns to gold But when a long-lost relative reappears in Nina's life, asking her to use the Codex to find a hidden cave containing the secret of King Midas, she is unprepared for the devastation that follows. The promise of unlimited gold has aroused the greed of powerful and ruthless forces and only Nina and Eddie stand in their way.
The house at Sea's End
The bull of minos : the great discoveries of ancient Greece
The chemistry of the Vasa : iron, acids and degradation
Chalk pit
Revelation space
The egyptologist : a novel
From polis to borders : demarcation of social and ritual space in the sanctuary of Poseidon at Kalaureia, Greece
The ecology of information work : a case study of bridging archaeological work and virtual reality based knowledge organisation
Hands on the past : pioneer archeologists tell their own story
The tomb of Alexander
The search for buried treasure
The article focuses on the question of ancient Scandinavian cultic buildings, with particular reference to the concept Old Norse hof . I survey the semantics of this term in written sources, in poetic traditions, in the Sagas of the Icelanders and in place names. My hypothesis is that the term does not refer to a static phenomenon, but rather its meaning varies across different sources and contexts. It is therefore often difficult to apply it as a general concept, or to connect it with a specific type of archaeological find or structure, as has occasionally been the case in the archaeology of religion.
Cold earth
Three conquests of Canaan : a comparative study of two egyptian military campaigns and Joshua 10-12 in the light of recent archaeological evidence
To Petra via Jabal Haroun : Nabatean-Roman road remains in the Finnish Jabal Haroun project survey area
Lego Indiana Jones : the original adventures : PlayStation 3
Scholars as managers or how can the manager do it better : report of a workshop on management techniques in archeology
The treasure of Troy : Heinrich Schliemann's excavations
The revelation code
New Pauly online
Weapons, weaponry and man : (in memoriam Vytautas Kazakevičius)
An early archaeological site near Panuco, Vera Cruz
From the field to the publication : the retrieval and presentation of pottery - a case study from Early Iron Age Tel Kinrot, Israel
Studia præhistorica fennica C. F. Meinander
Richard Indreko's archaeological activities in Finland and East Karelia (Russia) 1943-1944
People, material culture and environment in the north : proceedings of the 22nd Nordic Archaeological Conference, University of Oulu, 18-23 August 2004
Tessa Verney Wheeler : women and archaeology before World War Two
Developing Archaeological Database in Finland : case: Lahti City Museum
Seventy years in archaeology
"This book presents innovative instructional approaches for archaeological e-learning based on networked technologies, providing researchers, scholars, and professionals a comprehensive global perspective on the resources, development, application, and implications of information communication technology in multimedia-based educational products and services in archaeology"--Provided by publisher.
Leaving the 20th century
Leave a light on : terracotta lamps from Agia Paraskevi of Arachamitai, from the classical period to Roman times
The ship in the field
This paper presents a brief study of the rural cultural landscape in southern Finland. Most rural landscapes in southern Finland are produced by traditional agriculture and affected by modern farming. The cultural landscape of the countryside is therefore a human cultural achievement: working the land creates the agrarian landscape. Natural processes must be yielded and acknowledged, however. The various periodic layers of the rural landscape derive from its inhabitants and their historical periods. In this way, the landscape is comprised of natural and cultural phenomena, which can be both old and new. This paper is based on a study of the rural cultural landscapes of Perniö and Karjaa in southern Finland. The examination suggests a long-term landscape development from prehistoric to historical periods.
The Vrouw Maria Underwater project 2009–2012 final report
The golden treasures of Troy : the dream of Heinrich Schliemann
All over the world and other stories
Lara Croft and the frozen omen
The Valhalla prophecy
The lost labyrinth
Empire of gold
Irish antiquity : essays and studies presented to professor M. J. O'Kelly
Sārnate : living by a coastal lake during the East Baltic Neolithic
The Genesis plague
Breaking ground : pioneering women archaeologists
The Holocene development of the Pennala basin, Southern Finland, was studied using lithostratigraphical and biostratigraphical methods, shore level surveys and radiocarbon dating in the areas adjacent to the I Salpausselkä icemarginal formation. The study results give an improved picture of the shoreline displacement and palaeoenvironment of the Pennala basin during the period of 10000-2500 14C yr BP (ca. 11400-2600 cal yr BP).The results indicate that the Ancylus Lake stage in the Pennala basin occurred during the Preboreal and Early Boreal chronozones around 9600-8900 14C yr BP (ca. 10900-10000 cal yr BP). The transgression was followed by a long-term lake phase, which ended, due to overgrowth of the basin, at ca. 2900 14C yr BP (ca. 3000 cal yr BP). The highest Ancylus shoreline in the area is located at 71 m a.s.l. The altitude of the ancient Pennala Lake is located at 68.5 m a.s.l.The Pennala basin and adjacent areas were inhabited by Stone Age dwellers during the Middle Neolithic period. The dated evidence of the Early Mesolithic settlement in the area remains scarce. During the Early Mesolithic period the Pennala basin was a sheltered bay of the Ancylus Lake and during the Middle Neolithic period of settlement ca. 5500-3500 14C yr BP (ca. 6300-3800 cal yr BP) the basin served Neolithic dwellers as a small inland lake.
Keeping the dead
The Alma database : an important new scholarly resource
A future for archaeology : the past in the present
The Atlantis revelation
Saxon's bane
Entangled worlds : archaeologies of ambivalence in the Viking Age
Coastal communities on the move : house and polity interaction in Southern Ostrobothnia 1500 BC-AD 1
Bright hair about the bone
The gold of Troy : the story of Heinrich Schliemann and the buried cities of ancient Greece
Fauvel : the first archaeologist in Athens and his philhellenic correspondents
Digging for Hitler : the Nazi archaeologists search for an Aryan past
The murder of King Tut
Kingdom of darkness
Treasure of Khan : [a Dirk Pitt novel]
The earth chronicles expeditions : journeys to the mythical past
Understanding Neolithic Southern Levant : case studies of archaeological semiosis in action
Animals in an urban context : a zooarchaeological study of the medieval and post-medieval town of Turku
Urbanism under sail : an archaeology of fluit ships in early modern everyday life
Organized into six thematic sections, this book gives short biographies and assessments of the achievements of 70 of the worlds greatest practitioners, written by a 40-strong team of contributors, themselves all eminent archaeologists and authors.
Homage to Milutin Garašanin
Africa and archaeology : empowering an expatriate life
The tomb of Hercules
Atlantis has defined Nina Wilde's life. Her parents' obsession with Atlantis cost them their lives, but finding it brought Nina to her husband Eddie Chase and a series of archaeological treasures. A decade later, the International Heritage Agency needs their help to locate the Secret Codex, an account of ancient Atlantean explorer Talonor's journeys, thought to be located in the dangerous underwater ruins of Atlantis. Unable to resist one more adventure, the couple join the mission. But when a long-lost relative reappears in Nina's life, asking her to use the Codex to find a hidden cave containing the secret of King Midas, she is unprepared for the devastation that follows. The promise of unlimited gold has aroused the greed of powerful and ruthless forces and only Nina and Eddie stand in their way.
Spell of the Highlander
Archaeology, sexism, and scandal : the long-suppressed story of one woman's discoveries and the man who stole credit for them
Layard of Nineveh
Osteobiography of Vicar Rungius:analyses of the bones and tissues of the mummy of an early 17th-century Northern Finnish clergyman using radiology and
stable isotopes
The life of Margaret Alice Murray : a woman's work in archaeology
The mummy
The outcast dead
Deadlock
The great archaeologists : and their discoveries as originally reported in the pages of The Illustrated London News
Samantha Sutton and the labyrinth of lies
The cult of Osiris
The chaos code
Spacetime archaeology
The archaeology of wings : birds and people in the Baltic Sea region during the Stone Age
Indiana Jones adventures. Vol 2 : Curse of the invincible ruby
Lego Indiana Jones : the original adventures : Nintendo DS
The late Iron Age bear-tooth pendants in Finland : symbolic mediators between women, bears, and wilderness?
The trophies of time : English antiquaries of the seventeenth century
Landscape dynamics : spatial analyses of villages and farms on Gotland AD 200-1700
Time and change : the story of Arthur Evans and his forebears
Kennedy's brain
The Janus stone
The ancient curse
The sacred scroll
The tombs
The fourth man / Warren Ellis writer ; John Cassaday artist ; Laura Dapuy David Baron colorist
A turning of ages = Im Wandel der Zeiten : jubilee book dedicated to professor Jan Machnik on his 70th anniversary
The New Pauly is a standard reference work for students and scholars of the ancient world. It provides comprehensive coverage of the ancient world from the prehistory of the Aegean (2nd millennium BCE) to late antiquity (600-800 CE). A special section of the encyclopedia is devoted to the reception of the ancient world until the present day and the history of classical scholarship.
Ethics and values in archaeology
Aegean prehistoric archaeology
Trend, tradition, and turmoil : what happened to the southeastern Archaic? : proceedings of the Third Caldwell Conference, St. Catherines Island, Georgia, May 9-11, 2008
The Medici secret
The science of archaeology?
The black madonna
Preliminary archaeological investigations in the Sierra de Tamaulipas, Mexico
The jewel of seven stars
As I seem to remember
Childe and Australia : archaeology, politics and ideas
From the realm of the ancestors : an anthology in honor of Marija Gimbutas
A darker god : a Laetitia Talbot mystery
The forgotten kingdom : the archaeology and history of Northern Israel
Human touch, natural processes: The development of the rural cultural landscape in southern Finland from past to present
Days without number
Indiana Jones and the kingdom of the crystal skull
Lithics after stone age in East Africa : Wadh Lang'o case study
The map of lost memories : a novel
The tiger warrior
The Pope's archaeologist : the life and times of Carlo Fea
The cave and the cathedral : how a real-life Indiana Jones and a renegade scholar decoded the ancient art of man
Karanòg : the Meroitic inscriptions of Shablûl and Karanòg
This article focuses on three interrelated themes in the study of ancient Greek religion, looked at through the mateiral evidence from the sanctuary of Poseidon at Kalaureia on the island of Poros, Greece. First, I look at the so-called polis model and its applicability to an interpretation of Kalaureian material related to the cultic life of the sanctuary from the point of view of the 'historiography' of Greek religion. I then discuss the historical context of the archaeological material, with particular emphasis on the topic of the sanctuary as a known place of asylum particularly during the Hellenistic period. Thirdy, I examine the archaeological material related to eating and dining and its potential connections to the demarcation between sacred and profane activities and between sacralised and profane space in the sanctuary, with special interpretative attention to the significance of border(s) and boundaries. Drawing attention to these issues may help us understand the dynamics and interplay between 'official' and 'private' aspects of ancient Greek religion, within both the tradition of the scholarship of ancient Greek religion and the so-called 'archaeology of cult'.
The question of ancient Scandinavian cultic buildings : with particular reference to Old Norse hof
Gordon Childe : revolutions in archæology
The death relic
The economy and livelihoods of the early Christian monasteries in Palestine
Memoirs of Heinrich Schliemann : a documentary portrait drawn from his autobiographical writings, letters and excavation reports
Gods, graves, and scholars : the story of archæology
Archaeology : an introduction
The jackal man
The INA annual
Subterranean
Painted horses
The ten thousand immortals
Crossing disciplinary boundaries : on Gutorm Gjessing's archaeology and his conversion to ethnography
The last templar. 2, The knight in the crypt
The fall of Troy
Old forgotten mummies from North and South
The Alexander cipher
The fourth man
Hero : the life and legend of Lawrence of Arabia
Gertrude Bell : queen of the desert, shaper of nations
The archaeology of Jordan and other studies presented to Siegfried H. Horn
Sārnate: living by a coastal lake during the East Baltic Neolithic
Cultural heritage cooperation in the Baltic Sea States. Report 5 / editor Helena Edgren ; co-editor and co-ordinator Marianne Lehtimäki
Fibula, fabula, fact : the Viking Age in Finland
In the article I discuss the different functions and meanings of bronze bear-tooth pendants in the Finnish Late Iron Age (800-1150/1300 CE). I first focus on an analysis of the pendants in terms of archaeological methodology: chronology, typology and find context. The second focus on attention, and in this article the most important one, is on the interpretation on these pendants. They are usually interpreted as magical items, amulets. In my opinion this is not the only possible interpretation. I suggest that the pendants can be interpreted as magical or religious, but that their possible protective use as amulets does not exclude other functions, such as a decorative and/or social one. I emphasise the possibility that bear-tooth pendants may be linked to a symbolic form of expression involving the idea of control of the forest and wilderness. Finnish folk tradition and mythology point to a metaphoric and metonymic relationshiop on the one hand between the bear and the wilderness, on the otehr the bear and women. The bronze bear-tooth pendatns - possibly worn only by women - may have carried a symbolic message of control over the wilderness; this control could have been mythology-based and practised by ritual acts; at the same time it could also take the form of concrete acts, such as utilization of the wilderness: a fur-based economy and control over the fur trade.
Women in archaeology
Some small harvest : the memoirs of Glyn Daniel
Tutankhamun uncovered : the adventure behind the curse
The urban mind : cultural and environmental dynamics
The great archaeologists
In search of the Trojan war
Howard Carter : the path to Tutankhamun
Scripta praehistorica in honorem Biba Terzan
What secrets will the stolen encoder reveal? The investigation onto the museum raid continues, but it's a difficult one. One of the four 'knights' has already died in his - guarded - hospital room, and FBI Agent Reilly is unknowingly engaged in a race to find the other thieves before the mysterious assassins try to eliminate them. Meanwhile, young archaeologist Tess Chaykin is following up the Templar lead - one that the FBI considers too far-fetched to be worth looking into.
Encyclopedia of archaeology : The great archaeologists
The archaeology of the lower Tapajâos Valley, Brazil
Holocene development of the Pennala basin with special reference to the palaeoenvironment of Meso- and Neolithic dwelling sites, Lahti-Orimattila, Southern Finland
Urban and natural landscapes of an ancient Syrian capital : settlement and environment at Tell Mishrifeh/Qatna and in central-western Syria : proceedings of the international conference held in Udine 9-11 December 2004
The night villa
The hunt for Atlantis
The disturbing past : does your research give you nightmares?
Prehistorian : a biography of V. Gordon Childe
Political Economy of Bronze- and Iron Age Societies in the Eastern Coast of the Bothnian Bay ca. 1500 BC-AD 1300
The lost army of Cambyses
The tomb of Zeus
Nordic TAG : the archaeologist and his/her reality : report from the fourth Nordic TAG conference, Helsinki 1992
In search of kings and conquerors : Gertrude Bell and the archaeology of the Middle East
E-learning methodologies and computer applications in archaeology
The archaeology of early medieval Poland : discoveries--hypotheses--interpretations
The Midas legacy
Come, tell me how you live
Black wind
The visitors
"The New Pauly is intended as an aid for the study of Greek and Roman culture and its multifaceted presence in all periods of European and, since the Early Modern period, world history"
Health in Southern Finland : bioarchaeological analysis of 555 skeletons excavated from nine cemeteries (11th-19th century AD)
The seventh sacrament
