http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10877 rectum
rectum
Antioxidant vitamins and colorectal neoplasms in different study designs
Operative techniques in laparoscopic colorectal surgery
Interferon response as a challenge and possibility for developing alphavirus based oncolytic virotherapy
Predisposing and modifying genes in hereditary colorectal cancer syndromes
Surgical treatment of colorectal cancer : controversial issues
Anorectal malformations : outcomes up to adulthood
New techniques and methods for decreasing healthy tissue dose in prostate cancer radiotherapy, with special reference to rectal doses
Clinical and biological prognostic factors in colorectal cancer
Colorectal cancer and defects in the mismatch repair and base excision repair systems
Finnish summary.
Long-term outcome of patients with embolized intracranial aneurysms
European guidelines for quality assurance in colorectal cancer screening and diagnosis
The prognostic and predictive value of selected biomarkers in colorectal cancer
A randomised study of colostomies in low colorectal anastomoses
Novel insights into the molecular genetic background of colorectal tumors
Growth and progression in colorectal cancer
Disorders of the anorectum and pelvic floor
Hypoxia-associated biomarkers in rectal cancer treated by preoperative radiotherapy or chemoradiotherapy
Anal manometric studies in anorectal diseases
Principles and practice of surgery for the colon, rectum, and anus
Alcohol and cancer among men : public health impact and perspectives
Role of CIP2A in carcinogenesis
Ulcerative colitis : association with primary sclerosing cholangitis and colorectal neoplasia
Molecular pathology of hereditary colon cancer
Molecular classification of colorectal cancer
Biochemical effects of inherited MMR gene mutations and diet on colon cancer risk
Tumour glycosylation and glycoproteins as biomarkers in colorectal cancer
Colorectal cancer in Finland : a clinical study of a nationwide patient series
Epigenetic alterations in sporadic and familial cancers
Histological and molecular features of serrated colorectal adenocarcinoma and its precursor lesions
Colorectal cancer in the elderly : an epidemiological and clinical study
How to improve results in rectal cancer surgery : a clinical study
Diagnostic and prognostic value of serum tumour markers in colorectal cancer
Predictive genetic testing and counselling for hereditary non-polyposis colorectal cancer (HNPCC) : a prospective follow-up study of acceptance and psychosocial consequences
The pelvic floor
Surgery of the anus, rectum and colon. Vol. 1
Complications, considerations, and consequences of colorectal surgery
New insights into the genetic basis of colorectal cancer
Rectal cancer risk in hereditary nonpolyposis colorecctal cancer after abdominal colectomy
CHEK2 in breast and colorectal cancer
Neuron navigator 3 (NAV3) gene aberrations in human cancer : copy number variations and target genes
Abstract.
Adenovirus vectors with modified tropism for the treatment of colorectal cancer
Toll-like receptor 9 in alimentary tract cancers
Summary.
Carcinoma of the rectum : a retrospective study of 747 cases diagnosed in Finland in 1953-1956
Inflammatory bowel diseases in Finland : epidemiology, malignancies and mortality
Endoscopic stenting in gastrointestinal tract
Factors affecting cancer behavior with special reference to lymphatic vessels, macrophages, EGFR, and Pim-1 in colorectal cancer
Surgery of the anus, rectum and colon. Vol. 2
Immune cell infiltration and inflammatory biomarkers in colorectal cancer
Anterior resection and local excision in the treatment of low rectal cancer : a clinical study
Tolerability of raltitrexed and 5-fluorouracil chemotherapy in colorectal cancer patients
The application of cDNA and tissue microarray methods in the study of human carcinomas
Clinical studies on familial adenomatous polyposis
Molecular features of colorectal cancer predisposition and progression
MicroRNAs as predictive and prognostic biomarkers in human neoplasia : with specific focus on colorectal cancer, giant cell tumor of bone, and leukemias
Inflammation and invasive margin in colorectal cancer
Surveillance in hereditary nonpolyposis colorectal cancer syndrome
Genetic basis of hereditary colorectal cancers : hereditary nonpolyposis colorectal cancer and familial adenomatous polyposis
Colorectal cancer (CRC) is among the most common cancers in Finland. Prognostic factors are important for predicting disease outcome and adjusting optimal treatment. The currently used prognostic methods for CRC have their limitations and consequently several biomarkers have been studied to find potential prognostic markers, but none have been adapted for routine use so far. In the present study, the relationships between the components of the immune system and other factors modulating tumor growth were assessed and their suitability to be used for use as prognostic tools in CRC were studied. The study material consisted of blood samples and surgical specimens collected from 148 CRC patients operated on in Oulu University Hospital and blood samples of 86 healthy controls. Concentrations of endostatin and 27 cytokines were measured from preoperative serum samples and control samples. Immunohistochemical methods were used for collagen XVIII and inflammatory cell analyses. The levels of several cytokines were altered in CRC patients compared to the controls. The serum cytokine profile achieved an excellent accuracy in discriminating CRC patients from healthy controls. Advanced CRCs were associated with elevated cytokine levels and a metastasized disease was linked to an orientation towards Th2 cytokine milieu. The presence of systemic inflammation, depicted by a modified Glasgow Prognostic Score (mGPS), correlated to CRC progression. The serum endostatin levels were elevated in CRC and correlated with invasion through muscular layer and systemic inflammation, but not with densities of local inflammatory cells. Collagen XVIII was expressed in tumor stroma and in the muscle layer of bowel wall.The serum cytokines and tumor infiltrating immune cells showed relatively weak associations.In conclusion, CRC is associated with significant alterations in serum cytokine milieu, wh ich underlines the relevance of studying several cytokines and their relative alterations. The serum cytokine profile is a promising tool for discriminating CRC patients from healthy controls, but its clinical value needs to be validated. The elevated endostatin levels may result from invasion-related cleavage of collagen XVIII in the bowel wall, but further studies are needed to determine the value of endostatin in CRC prognosis.
Colorectal carcinogenesis via serrated route
Prognostic biomarkers in colorectal cancer
Fate of the rectal stump after colectomy and ileorectal anastomosis for familial adenomatous polyposis
Prognostic markers in rectal neuroendocrine tumors
Genetic and epigenetic mechanisms of tumor predisposition in hereditary non-polyposis colorectal carcinoma and sporadic cancers
Local excision as an option in the treatment of low rectal carcinoma
Systemic inflammation in colorectal cancer : the role of cytokines and endostatin
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer among men in Western industrialized countries. Approximately 60% of prostate cancer patients receive radiotherapy at some phase of the disease, a treatment based on the use of ionizing radiation to kill or control malignant cells. Unfortunately, adjoining healthy tissues are also affected by exposure to ionization, potentially leading to the emergence of adverse side effects, even several years later. The main radiation treatment modalities are external radiotherapy and low dose rate (LDR) or high dose rate (HDR) brachytherapy. Different techniques and methods are used to decrease the dose to healthy tissues, thus limiting the possibility of adverse effects. In this thesis a novel technique and associated equipment were developed whereby brachytherapy can be performed by inserting all needles simultaneously. This reduces the implantation time, thus minimizing the impairing effect on seed positioning accuracy resulting from prostate swelling. A phantom model was also constructed for testing and training purposes. DuraSeal® was investigated as a spacer material between the prostate and rectum, and its effect on rectal dose was evaluated during brachytherapy and external radiotherapy. DuraSeal® is resorbed over one to six months, thus altering rectal doses compared with the original dose plan. In brachytherapy, the resorption effect on rectal doses was calculated along with an evaluation of the potential of using different isotopes. In external radiotherapy, the resorption effect on rectal dose-volume histograms (DVHs) was calculated and the need for adaptive planning considered. DuraSeal®, as a spacer gel, clearly has favorable effects on rectal and anterior rectal wall DVHs in brachytherapy and external radiotherapy, and has the potential to decrease adverse effects. It is especially beneficial in hypofractionated treatments and external radiotherapy and brachytherapy combination treatment. In LDR brachytherapy using permanent seeds, dose planning is recommended prior to gel injection to prevent excessive rectal tolerance doses in situations where gel is rapidly resorbed. In external radiotherapy, the use of adaptive planning with a spacer gel improves rectal DVH, but is not necessary according to this thesis.
