http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10865 knowledge
knowledge
Model-based explanation of plant knowledge
Does knowledge make a difference? : the association between knowledge about genes and attitudes toward gene tests
Innovating with information technology in a globalized world : being proactive about culture
Groups as epistemic communities : studies on the role of groups in forming and circulating social knowledge
The metaphysics of epistemology
From machine learning to learning with machines:remodeling the knowledge discovery process
Global knowledge cultures
Baltic Sea region history : awareness among youth, national syllabi, and education
Situation awareness in environmental monitoring : concepts, implementation, applications
Unbound Prometheus and the fire of knowledge : a study for better flow of more meaningful information
A type-oriented approach to knowledge-based systems
Diagnosis and modelling in a knowledge-based educational system : analysis in the field of first degree equations in mathematics
The business value of IT : managing risks, optimizing performance, and measuring results
Designing and evaluating user interfaces for knowledge-based systems
The right to genetic ignorance confirmed
Indigenous identity and resistance : researching the diversity of knowledge
Public knowledge, perception and factors associated with 2009 h1n1 swine influenza vaccination : a literature review
Dynamic aspects of knowledge bases
Arguing about knowledge
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
The changing work environment and role of ICT in distributed work
The recycling behavior of international exchange students : factors affecting participation
Health workers and the risk of occupational HIV exposure : a study about the health workers' perceptions, attitudes and work practices related to the risk of occupational HIV exposure in Gaza province in Mozambique
Bioenergy knowledge, perceptions, and attitudes among young citizens : from cross-national surveys to conceptual model
Constraint reasoning with incomplete knowledge : the tolerance propagation approach
Going global : the challenges for knowledge-based economies
Catching the knowledge wave? : the knowledge society and the future of education
HISTORY OF IDEAS. Rethink: to think about an idea again; to change how you think about it. This is the story of how old ideas that were mocked or ignored for centuries are right now storming back to the cutting edge of science and technology, and informing the way we lead our lives. It's the story of the woman who taught us how to speak to computers; the brilliant doctor hounded into an asylum; and the laughing philosopher who hit upon an amazing idea just by thinking about bread. Drawing on examples from epigenetics to value investing, and from Lamarckism to morphic resonance, Rethink shows what we can learn by revisiting old, discarded ideas and considering them from a new perspective. From within all these rich anecdotes of bad ideas come good ones, helping us find new ways to think about ideas in our own time - from novel proposals in the boardroom to grand projects for social and political change --
Intelligent knowledge discovery on building energy and indoor climate data
Uninformed : why people seem to know so little about politics and what we can do about it
Understanding and supporting knowledge sharing in software engineering
Voices from the bay : traditional ecological knowledge of Inuit and Cree in the Hudson Bay bioregion
The aim of this thesis is to present a theoretically consistent conceptualization of knowledge creation as an interactive event and to test this in a working community in a methodologically coherent manner.This thesis examines the key problems in the body of research of knowledge creation in the field of Knowledge Management, which is attached to the idea of knowledge as an asset inside a human mind, but simultaneously promotes a view of interaction, based on hermeneutic understanding. The study proposes an alternative way to conceptualize and examine knowledge creation, based on hermeneutic phenomenology of Hans-Georg Gadamer and Martin Heidegger. The foci are on the conceptions of a human being and interaction as play. On the basis of the research literature, a framework for examining knowledge creation was developed. The framework was empirically tested in a multi-organizational and multi-professional working community of librarians and teachers, participating in The Joy of Reading Program in Finland. Along with the research literature, the triangulated data consist of ethnographic observations and video recordings of the community's gatherings, its members' interviews and produced documents. The data were analyzed through a qualitative approach.The results show that the phenomenological conceptions of temporality of a human being and play are suitable for understanding being in the knowledge-creating interaction, as they give means to understand the meaningfulness of past experiences, but promote an open attitude towards future possibilities in a way which promotes knowledge creation. Studying interactive events allows for an understanding of how the phenomenon of knowledge creation can be examined as a collective accomplishment. The importance of flexible circumstances is emphasized to promote interaction. The playful mode of being in the event, meaning seriousness and the tendency to be present in the event, was seen as a way to use the time available effectively. The results may be utilized to develop organizational circumstances, which promote knowledge creation by acknowledging the meaningfulness of interaction.In the future, theoretical sampling will be used for testing and developing the framework further in a Finnish Academy's Strategic Research Council's consortium BCDC Energy aiming at developing a cloud computing based market place on renewable energy markets.
Bioenergy knowledge, perceptions and attitudes among young citizens : from cross-national surveys to conceptual model
Late ancient knowing : explorations in intellectual history
Assessed aptitudes of nurses working with depressed elderly
Artificial intelligence in education : shaping the future of learning through intelligent technologies
Aesthetics and cognition in Kant's critical philosophy
Understanding information
Knowledge sharing in virtual teams : action research
Knowledge creation in Oulu Game LAB
Tools for building knowledge based systems
The construction of knowledge in Islamic civilization : Qudāma b. Jaʻfar and his Kitāb al-Kharāj wa-ṣināʻat al-kitāba
Standardized knowledge transfer : a study of project-based organizations in the construction and IT sectors
Imagining literacy : rhizomes of knowledge in American culture and literature
Knowledge creation in foresight : a practice- and systems-oriented view
The role of the global pilot project in the knowledge transfer within organization : a case study analysis
Management of knowledge in project environments
Initial findings from the IEA International civic and citizenship education study
Deep knowledge and domain models
Lay knowledge of criminal law in Canada
Sustainability and communities of place
Knowledge organization and its representation in teaching physics : magnetostatics in university and upper secondary school levels
Infotopia : how many minds produce knowledge
Knowledge security : a conceptual analysis
Technological improvement and changes in the global economy are increasing the geographically distributed work in different work areas. Work is coming out of the cubicles to different locations without borders and is depending more on information technology to enable its coordination. Success of distributed work is revealed as working force becomes flexible, innovative, and highly productive. This thesis investigates the coordination of distributed work and how ICT has been developed to improve the efficiency of work from different locations. It also provides new perspectives on current researches and highlights the key issues that require further investigation. How collaboration has progressed from physical to virtual setting is explained by using available literature. It also provides suggestions for betterment of distributed work implementation. The goal is to develop deeper understanding of changing work environment, and role of information communication technology in distributed work. This thesis takes a multidisciplinary approach to study distributed work and organizations, challenges existing in distributed work, and ways to make distributed work more effective. Moreover, this thesis emphasizes on theories of overcoming challenges and finds solutions which are obstacles for its success. It also highlights the increasing demand of knowledge workers, and ways how to create knowledge, share knowledge and use the knowledge for the future. All in all, distributed work is explained as a work style exercising new ways of managing organizations by integrating capabilities, skills, knowledge, and competency of working force. It concludes by offering possible solutions for the problems that could be faced on implementing distributed work.
Knowledge management in multicultural SME companies : case: Ziliot International Ltd
Appreciative sharing of knowledge : leverage knowledge management for strategic change
'This is essential reading for anyone interested in how evidence and policy interact in the real world. Paul Cairney plots an entertaining course outlining the main debates of the evidence-based policy movement, drawing on up-to-date research and fascinating case studies to show what can realistically be expected of science, and of policy. Full of succinct overviews of theoretical and empirical research, this is where I'll be sending students and colleagues for an informative read.'- Dr Kathryn Oliver, University of Oxford, UK 'How can policymaking make best use of evidence? We expect policymakers to follow a transparent and systematic process, and scientists to understand that actors use evidence selectively in a politically heated debate. Cairney helps us appreciate these challenges, explaining how policymakers understand and use evidence, and inviting scientists to reflect on how they can be effective in that context.'- Professor Brian Head FASSA, The University of Queensland, Australia 'If you're interested in evidence-based policy making (EBPM) then this is a must read. In this persuasive and highly readable book, Paul Cairney draws insights from policy theory to articulate a pragmatic view of EBPM, where scientific evidence is just one of the resources used by the many actors involved in the political systems which shape policy. He demonstrates why scientists need to adapt to the demands of real world policymaking rather than hanker after an unrealistic (and undesirable) scenario where policymaking is less messy and scientific evidence plays a more decisive role. He provides helpful guidance for scientists on how they can adapt and engage with real world policy making and delivery.'- Professor Sandra Nutley, University of St Andrews, UK The Politics of Evidence Based Policymaking identifies how to work with policymakers to maximize the use of scientific evidence. Policymakers cannot consider all evidence relevant to policy problems. They use two shortcuts: 'rational' ways to gather enough evidence, and 'irrational' decision-making, drawing on emotions, beliefs, and habits. Most scientific studies focus on the former. They identify uncertainty when policymakers have incomplete evidence, and try to solve it by improving the supply of information. They do not respond to ambiguity, or the potential for policymakers to understand problems in very different ways. A good strategy requires advocates to be persuasive: forming coalitions with like-minded actors, and accompanying evidence with simple stories to exploit the emotional or ideological biases of policymakers. Paul Cairney is Professor of Politics and Public Policy, University of Stirling. His research interests are in comparative public policy, including: comparisons of policy theories (Understanding Public Policy, 2012); outcomes in different countries (Global Tobacco Control, 2012), and UK and devolved policymaking (Scottish Politics, 2013).
Intra-organisational knowledge sharing : a holistic approach to the management of knowledge
Secrets from the Greek kitchen : cooking, skill, and everyday life on an Aegean Island
Knowledge creation in elderly care : case: the municipal elderly care of Espoo
In this paper we study how knowledge creation is used in game education. We examine the model and learning from the perspective of knowledge and knowledge creation. Based on literature review different aspects related to knowledge creation are identified and the Oulu Game LAB is then evaluated in relation to these aspects. Overall, the model seems to offer great support for knowledge creation. In addition to supporting learning the model offers the students good understanding of entrepreneurial thinking. The main challenges for the model are to find suitable place and quality coaches. As a future research more studies are needed to study the LAB-model in other industries besides games.
Patient reported outcomes in elderly patients with Diabetes Mellitus Type 2 in Slovenia
"No More Consultants' gives the reader the tools to tap into the capabilities of the organization that already exist but are as yet, inaccessible. The book shows the business managers and leaders how to drill deep inside the organization to: Make maximum use and accessibility of existing knowledge by implementing a successful tool, 'The River Diagram' (coined by the authors and extracted and developed from 'Learning to Fly'), that allows the management and leaders to see where their strengths and weaknesses lie in order to resolve an internal problem Implement this tool and create a strategy that will guide the leaders and management towards saving both time and money, illustrated using an exciting range of case studies including BP, Oracle, UNAIDS, the NHS and Nationwide Building Society. The structure of the book guides the reader in an entertaining and informative way from the issues that arise when employing an outside consultant to resolve internal issues, through the author's unique and accessible tool, onto how to gain your objectives through assessment and implementation. The visual metaphor 'The River Diagram', is a tool designed and created in-house at BP's Knowledge Management Team headed up by the authors some 15 years ago that saved the company 2billion in total. The authors use this as part of their consultancy and have had continued success- see reviews below"--Provided by publisher.
In sickness and in health : how information and knowledge are related to health behaviour
The fragility of modern societies : knowledge and risk in the information age
Subject knowledge and teacher education : the development of beginning teachers' thinking
Mobility of cultures and knowledge management in contemporary Europe
"Late Ancient Knowing explores how people in late antiquity went about knowing their world and how this knowing shaped late ancient lives. Each essay is dedicated to a single concept--'Animal,' 'Demon,' 'Countryside,' 'Christianization,' 'God'--studying the ways in which individuals and societies in this period created and interacted with visible and invisible realities. Rather than narrating late ancient history based on facts defensible in modern historical terms, these essays attempt to create histories based on what are now considered late ancient fictions, the now-discarded paradigms of late ancient thought"--Provided by publisher.
Knowledge flows, governance and the multinational enterprise : frontiers in international management research
Black doves speak : Herodotus and the languages of barbarians
Modeling physical domains for knowledge based systems
The undercover philosopher : a guide to detecting shams, lies, and delusions
Going corporate : a geek's guide
Knowledge sharing between generations in an organisation : retention of the old or building the new?
Issues in heterodox economics
"No More Consultants' gives the reader the tools to tap into the capabilities of the organization that already exist but are as yet, inaccessible. The book shows the business managers and leaders how to drill deep inside the organization to:- Make maximum use and accessibility of existing knowledge by implementing a successful tool, 2018The River Diagram' (coined by the authors and extracted and developed from 2018Learning to Fly'), that allows the management and leaders to see where their strengths and weaknesses lie in order to resolve an internal problem - Implement this tool and create a strategy that will guide the leaders and management towards saving both time and money, illustrated using an exciting range of case studies including BP, Oracle, UNAIDS, the NHS and Nationwide Building Society. The structure of the book guides the reader in an entertaining and informative way from the issues that arise when employing an outside consultant to resolve internal issues, through the author's unique and accessible tool, onto how to gain your objectives through assessment and implementation. The visual metaphor 2018The River Diagram', is a tool designed and created in-house at BP's Knowledge Management Team headed up by the authors some 15 years ago that saved the company.
The politics of evidence-based policy making
Globally distributed knowledge sharing in social software environments : barriers and interventions
Interaction for knowledge creation : a phenomenological study in Knowledge Management
The possibility of discussion : relativism, truth, and criticism of religious beliefs
Rethink : the surprising history of new ideas
The structure of empirical knowledge
A knowledge-based system for process diagnostics and trouble-shooting : summary report of MOSIG project
Development of opportunity pipeline : in case company ABB Oy, Transformers
'What kind of sex can You talk about?' : acquiring sexual knowledge in three Soviet generations
The eSourcing Capability Model for Service Providers: Knowledge Manage-ment across the Sourcing Life-cycle
Principles of interactive multimedia
The outer limits of reason : what science, mathematics, and logic cannot tell us
The CARELIA simulator : a development and specification environment for neural networks
At the end of an age
Sport, recreation and tourism event management : theoretical and practical dimensions
Who should know about our genetic makeup and why?
Food for thought : ancient visions and new experiments of rural people
The association between HIV-related knowledge, sexual behavior, and HIV infections in Malawi
Knowledge transfer to product development processes:a multiple case study in two small technology parks
Supply and demand of biomass based energy : rural people's perspectives in Bangladesh
The geographies of knowledge in (making) artwork : the field, the art studio and the art scene
The cultural dimension of development : indigenous knowledge systems
Lightweight data and knowledge exchange for pervasive environments
Design and implementation of a conceptual network and ontology editor
Expert systems : concepts and examples
An introduction to multiagent systems
Eliciting and analyzing expert judgement : a practical guide
HIV/AIDS education in secondary schools : a study of government bilingual high schools in Yaoundé, Cameroon
Innovating with information technology in a globalized world:being proactive about culture
On the influence of national culture on knowledge sharing
Big ideas in education : what every teacher should know
Local knowledge, sustainability and visionscapes in Greenland
Summary.
Memory-saving optimization algorithms for systems with limited hardware
Meaning, mind, and knowledge
Proceedings of the twenty-ninth Hawaii International Conferece on System Sciences [(HICSS-29), held in Wailea, Hawaii on January 3-6, 1996]. Vol. 2, Information systems - decision support and knowledge-based systems
Knowledge and the social sciences : theory, method, practice
Cultural hybridity and the environment : strategies to celebrate local and indigenous knowledge
Native voices in research
Strategic development of information services in building product export
The triple helix : university-industry-government innovation in action
The role of recipient ́s absorptive capacity in knowledge transfer : a case company - Tao Finland oy
Artificial knowing : gender and the thinking machine
Imagine if new knowledge and insights came not just from research centers, think tanks, and universities but also from games, of all things. Video games have been viewed as causing social problems, but what if they actually helped solve them? This question drives Karen Schrier's Knowledge Games, which seeks to uncover the potentials and pitfalls of using games to make discoveries, solve real-world problems, and better understand our world. For example, so-called knowledge games―such as Foldit, a protein-folding puzzle game, SchoolLife, which crowdsources bullying interventions, and Reverse the Odds, in which mobile game players analyze breast cancer data―are already being used by researchers to gain scientific, psychological, and humanistic insights. Schrier argues that knowledge games are potentially powerful because of their ability to motivate a crowd of problem solvers within a dynamic system while also tapping into the innovative data processing and computational abilities of games. In the near future, Schrier asserts, knowledge games may be created to understand and predict voting behavior, climate concerns, historical perspectives, online harassment, susceptibility to depression, or optimal advertising strategies, among other things. In addition to investigating the intersection of games, problem solving, and crowdsourcing, Schrier examines what happens when knowledge emerges from games and game players rather than scientists, professionals, and researchers. This accessible book also critiques the limits and implications of games and considers how they may redefine what it means to produce knowledge, to play, to educate, and to be a citizen.
Repatriates as knowledge transferors in MNCS
No more consultants : we know more than we think
Knowledge, attitude and challenges of exclusive breastfeeding among primigravidas : a literature review
Epidemiology of MRSA infections and its level of awareness among health care workers in Eastern Finland
Communities of networked expertise : professional and educational perspectives
Knowledge translation in the internationalization of firms
Communication, media, and identity : a Christian theory of communication
All for one, one for all : organizational knowledge creation and utilization using a new generation of IT tools
Too big to know : rethinking knowledge now that the facts aren't the facts, experts are everywhere, and the smartest person in the room is the room
Protecting indigenous knowledge and heritage : a global challenge
Improving the mastery of human factors in a safety critical ATM organisation
Intra-organizational knowledge transfer : the influence of four contexts
North Korea approaches modernity : science, education and ideology in the DPRK. An expoloratory study of international cooperation for knowledge sharing with North Korea, 1997-2012
Knowledge across cultures : a contribution to dialogue among civilizations
Knowledge games : how playing games can solve problems, create insight, and make change
Ēthos, knowing, history
