http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10864 municipal transport corporation
municipal transport corporation
Global peace through the Global University System [GUS]
The telecommunications industry in Mexico
Strategic groups and performance of the firm : towards a new competitive environment in the Finnish telecommunications industry
Handbook on information technologies for education and training
Energy use : visions and technology opportunities in Finland
Military ad hoc networks
The role of air power in a nation's total capability and in international society
Finland's wireless valley
Governance out of a box : ICT4State-building - African experiences and opportunities / edited by Suvi Tuominen and Stephen Lyabandi
Televiestintä Suomessa = Telecommunications in Finland 2004.
Information sharing in R&D collaboration : context-dependency and means of governance
Finland provides added value services for russian transit cargo
Televiestintä Suomessa = Telecommunications in Finland. 2002.
An introduction to global financial markets
Taking to the air
Sonera sound : Sonera journal
Summary: Central issues in Finnish marine research : the societal role of the Finnish Institute of Marine Research.
From horse-drawn omnibus to articulated tram
Combating internet crime with mathematics
Telecom Finland : carrier services
Overcoming a technological discontinuity : the case of the Finnish telecom industry and the GSM
Distance learning technology and applications
Avoid being a Pony Express rider
Finnish financial markets 2002
Telecommunications statistics 2002
Introduction to hospitality
Education, training and research in the information society: a national strategy for 2000-2004
ICT cluster - the engine of knowledge-driven growth in Finland
Telecompetition : towards a single Nordic market for telecommunication services?
TELEVIESTINTÄTILASTO 1990 : 1990 = Telecommunications statistics : 1990.
Post for all : the story of the Finnish postal service 1638-1998
The stranger
The Russian administration : a study of Russian authorities encountering international road freight transport
Tietilasto 2001 = Vägstatistik 2001 = Finnish road statistics 2001.
Telecommunications statistics 1995.
Research on the "cost of non-Europe". Basic findings. Volume 4, The "Cost of Non-Europe" : border-related controls and administrative formalities : an illustration in the road haulage sector
Central issues in Finnish marine research - the societal role of the Finnish Institute of Marine Research.
A history of the Finnish posts 1638-1988
Telecommunications statistics
Suomen puhelukortit 2005/2006 = Telephone cards of Finland 2005/2006
CSC user's guide
Privatization that failed : case of Telecom Italia SPA
Transport sector investment decision-making in the Baltic Sea Region
Aesthetics of flyovers : improving the appearance of flyovers and pedestrian underpasses
Helsinki : historiallinen kaupunkikartasto = Helsingfors : historic towns atlas
Testing for common costs in the city of Helsinki bus transit auctions
Sammandrag. - Abstract.
The mail road : across land and sea : Stockholm - Åland - Turku / Åbo : a historical travel guide through three regions
VTT Communities and Infrastructure
The gallow's bird
The Finnish telecom sector facing next generation standards : indigenous capabilities versus R&D alliances
Bridging souls and human minds : a history of the telephone in Finland
State entrepreneurship, national monopolies and European Community law : competition and free movement in the energy, postal and telecommunications markets in the EEC
Using enviroments to enable occupational performance
Telecommunications since 1796 : Telecom Finland Ltd
Payment systems in the European Union
The substitution of letter mail in targeted communication
Key data on learning and innovation through ICT at school in Europe : 2011
Televiestintä Suomessa = Telecommunications in Finland. 2003.
The effects of competition on employment in the telecommunications industry : case Finland
Suomen puhelukortit = Telephone cards of Finland
Suomen puhelukortit 1982-1996 = Telephone cards of Finland 1982-1996
Ten years
The financial economics of privatization
One hundred years of electric trams
Regulators and competition spurring or retarding innovation in the telecommunications sector?
