http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10844 threat perceptions
threat perceptions
New threats - old routines : bureaucratic adaptability in the security policy environment
Reconstituting Korean security : a policy primer
Foundation
The magic thief. Book one
The Martian chronicles
FF : future foundation. Vol 3
Nuclear threat in the Middle East
Risk : the science and politics of fear
The atlas of the future
Disordered world : setting a new course for the twenty-first century
Inventing the future
Struggle for nature : a critique of radical ecology
The Pandemic Perhaps : Dramatic Events in a Public Culture of Danger
Old structures and new means : a case study on the use of data mining in the Finnish Defence Forces
Fairness in the world economy : US perspectives on international trade relations
The light fantastic : a Discworld novel
The risks of terrorism
The son of Neptune
Armageddon science : the science of mass destruction
Rapid and accurate detection and diagnosis of infectious agents is crucial in preparedness for diseases and biothreats. Due to a lack of rapid diagnostic capabilities, diseases and outbreaks may remain undetected. Currently available point-of-care tests often lack the sensitivity to directly detect pathogens in samples, thus there is a need for quick and robust solutions for identification of pathogens in order to mount appropriate responses. The spread of infectious diseases is a global challenge and outbreaks and epidemics place great strains to healthcare and economy. Several of the pathogens causing these diseases are not only major public health issues but pose also potential biothreats. This thesis describes the performance of field-capable gene amplification methods in the detection of three bacterial pathogens (Francisella tularensis, Bacillus anthracis, and Yersinia pestis) and a viral pathogen causing respiratory infections (influenza A virus). The methods include on-site nucleic-acid extraction and rapid real-time PCR amplification of selected gene regions in these pathogens occurring in animal tissue and human nasopharyngeal samples. Results confirm that currently-available portable thermocyclers can generate highly accurate diagnostic results in field. Furthermore, genetic characterization of a common respiratory pathogen, adenovirus is presented by investigating adenoviruses circulating in Finnish garrisons with molecular sequence analysis. Genetic characterization of a pathogen is also an important tool in investigations of alleged use of biological weapons. The presented methodology and workflow serves as an effective tool for decision makers in biothreat preparedness and in case of deliberate spread of pathogens.
Selling war : the role of the mass media in hostile conflicts from World War I to the "war on terror"
Asymmetric security landscape: the road ahead.
Sourcery : discworld novel
Terrorism : the global perspective
Staying alive : the psychology of human survival
Sensible fear : Finnish reactions to the threat of a nuclear accident in Sosnovyi Bor, Russia
Rapid identification of selected pathogens in biothreat preparedness
Black wind
A review of risk prioritisation schemes of pathogens, pests and weeds: principles and practices
Finnish threat perception policy in the early years of the 21st century
It is 498 years since the two Foundations came into existence - half-way through the Interregnum planned by Hari Seldon. The Second Foundation has once more successfully concealed its existence so that the laws of psychohistory can operate to usher in a new Empire ruled by the mental sciences. The Second Foundation is thought to be extinct...except by Councilman Golan Trevize. Trevize fears that the mysterious Second Foundation will bid for power once a new Galactic Empire is established. To prevent Trevize spreading alarm' the Mayor of Terminus exiles him to the abandoned ruins of Trantor. Accompanying Trevize is Janov Pelorat' Professor of Ancient History at the University of Terminus. Pelorat hopes to find on Trantor a clue to the location of the planet that gave birth to the human race. His belief in the existence of Earth is considered as far-fetched as Trevize's belief that the Second Foundation endures.
Losing control : global security in the twenty-first century
A dangerous path
Angels don't play this HAARP : advances in Tesla technology
The changing face of terrorism : how real is the threat from biological, chemical and nuclear weapons?
9/11 and its Impact on the Threat Scenarios of the Baltic Sea Southern Rim Staes: Poland, Germany and Denmark : From te Cold War to the War on Terror
Europe's challenges in a globalised world : global Jean Monnet conference ECSA-World conference : Brussels, 23 and 24 November 2006 = Les défis de l'Europe dans un monde globalisé : Bruxelles, 23 et 24 novembre 2006 Conférence mondiale jean Monnet conférence ECSA-Monde
Parliamentary oversight of the security sector : principles, mechanisms and practices
The alchemyst : the secrets of the immortal Nicholas Flamel
"Admiral James G Stavridis, US Navy, former Supreme Allied Commander Europe. Closely modelled on his NATO experience of war gaming future conflicts, 2017 War With Russia is a chilling account of where we are heading if we fail to recognise the threat posed by the Russian president. Written by the recently retired Deputy Supreme Allied Commander Europe and endorsed by senior military figures, this book shows how war with Russia could erupt with the bloodiest and most appalling consequences if the necessary steps are not taken urgently... "--Publisher description.
Green culture : environmental rhetoric in contemporary America
Behemoth : seppuku
The last vote : the threats to Western democracy
None dare call it treason
The 9/11 and its impact on the threat scenarios of the Baltic Sea southern rim states : Poland, Germany and Danmark
Age of Ultron
"Distant mirrors" : Soviet threat perceptions of its northwestern and eastern rim
Russian military thinking and threat perception - a Finnish view
Impacts of international catastrophes of travel agencies : case: Olympia Air Travel Ltd
The invasion from Mars : a study in the psychology of panic : with the complete script of the famous Orson Welles Broadcast
Communications infrastructure interdependences and vulnerabilities : a system perspective
Emergency : one man's story of a dangerous world and how to stay alive in it
Dreamcatcher
Legality of the threat or use of weapons of mass destruction
Aftermath : population zero
Veniceland Atlantis : the bleak future of the world's favourite city
Prey
Power is perception : threats and fears in Estonian media before and after the bronze soldier crisis
World war Z : an oral history of the zombie war
The algebraist
The throne of fire
True at first light
FF : future foundation. Vol 2
2017 war with Russia : an urgent warning from senior military command
Security 2020 : Reduce security risks this decade
Too many : A study of earth's biological limitations
Prelude to Foundation
Futurewise : six faces of global change
When the First Foundation was conquered by a force Seldon had not foreseen the overwhelming power of a single individual, a mutant called the Mule - the second Foundation was forced to reveal it's existence and, infinitely worse, a portion of its power. One man understood the shifting patterns of the inhabited cosmos. This was Hari Seldon, the last great scientist of the First Empire. The mathematics of psychohistory enabled Seldon to predict the collapse of the Empire and the onset of an era of chaos and war. To restore civilization in the shortest possible time, Seldon set up two Foundations. The First was established on Terminus in the full daylight of publicity. But the Second, "at the other end of the galaxy", took shape behind a veil of total silence. Because the Second Foundation guards the laws of psychohistory, which are valid only so long as they remain secret. So far the second Foundation's location, it's most closely guarded secret of all, has been kept hidden. The Mule and the remnants of the First Foundation will do anything to discover it.
Nuclear terrorism : the risks and consequences of the ultimate disaster
The winter garden
Securing global commons : a small state perspective
A fire upon the deep
Ecological evaluation of clonal forestry with cutting-propagated Norway spruce
The brethren
Scared to death : from BSE to global warming - how scares are costing us the earth
The new Vichy syndrome : why European intellectuals surrender to barbarism
Second Foundation
Failing intelligence : the true story of how we were fooled into going to war in Iraq
Chain of events
War and ideas : selected essays
The magician : the secrets of the immortal Nicholas Flamel
Cities of the future? Questions? Nightmares? Dreams?
Global warming and other bollocks
Bloodstream
The blood of Olympus
Threat perception in international crisis
Breaking the fear barrier : how fear destroys companies from the inside out and what to do about it
Asymmetric security landscape: the road ahead
Foundation and empire
The biotech century : how genetic commerce will change the world
The Throne of Fire
Soft apocalypse
Foundation and Empire is the story of first contact between the two Foundations of Hari Seldon. The Seldon Plan guided the First Foundation safely through two centuries of chaos as the Galactic Empire disintegrated. Seldon's recorded holographic image appeared in the Council Chamber on Terminus at moments of crisis predicted by pshychohistory, and his voice was heard. Even war between the Foundation and the remains of the Empire was foreseen - and planned for - by the great scientist.But Seldon had no way of predicting the birth of the Mule, a mutant of uncanny power and unlimited ambition. The Mule's conquests are effortless and his subjects mind-controlled slaves.The Foundation is powerless against the supernormal force the Mule exerts. The Seldon Plan is in tatters. Two men and a woman from Terminus flee to the ruins of might Trantor in an effort to discover where the mysterious Second Foundation was established. Its help is needed desperately against the mental powers of the Mule. But the Mule, using those same astonishing powers, is also looking for the Second Foundation.
The Camel Club
Fruitless fall : the collapse of the honey bee and the coming agricultural crisis
State of fear : a novel
The end of privacy : how total surveillance is becoming a reality
NATO's security discourse after the Cold War : representing the West
Liberty in the age of terror : a defence of civil liberties and enlightenment values
The next war
End game : tipping point for planet Earth?
Communities at risk : collective responses to technological hazards
The demon in the freezer : the terrifying truth about the threat from bioterrorism
Storms of my grandchildren : the truth about the coming climate catastrophe and our last chance to save humanity
What is your dangerous idea? : today's leading thinkers on the unthinkable
When the foundations of our security are shaken : on the birth of neo-terrorism
The threat to reason : how the enlightenment was hijacked and how we can reclaim it
Tiger's claw
The house of Hades
The terror attacks of 9/11 had a large impact on the threat scenarios of all the states on the southern rim of the Baltic Sea. After the end of the Cold War, the threat of a military confrontation had more or less vanished. After the 9/11, a new enemy suddenly emerged: international terrorism.
Fantastic four. Vol 6, writer: Jonathan Hickman
Strategy for securing the functions vital to society : government resolution 27.11.2003
Demands of situational awareness in a future war in Europe
Second foundation
Perceived threat and prejudice towards immigrants and Russian minorities living in Finland
Terrorist
The next world war : computers are the weapons and the front line is everywhere
NBC 2003 : symposium proceedings
The political economy of global security : war, future crises and changes in global governance
Terrorism : implications of technology and tactics
Waterworld
Japanese science fiction : a view of a changing society
The Anglo-American threat to Albania : memoirs of the national liberation war
East Europe in search of security
No end in sight : the continuing menace of nuclear proliferation
Catch me when I fall
Security threats and public perception : digital Russia and the Ukraine Crisis
Transformers : age of extinction
Helsinki Process papers on human security
Fall of Thanes
When the rivers run dry : what happens when our water runs out?
The state of the world's children 2005 : childhood under threat
The challenge of democracy : to achieve a global plus-sum game
Society's resources are scarce, and biosecurity actions need to be targeted and prioritised. Various models have been developed that prioritise and rank pests and diseases according to the risks they represent. A prioritisation model allows utilisation of scientific, ecological and economic information in decision-making related to biological hazards. This study discusses such models and the properties associated with them based on a review of 78 prioritisation studies. The scope of the models includes all aspects of biosecurity (human, animal and plant diseases, and invasive alien species), but with an emphasis on plant health. The geographical locations of the studies are primarily North America, Europe, Australia and New Zealand. Half of the studies were conducted during the past five years. The review finds that there generally seems to be several prioritisation models, especially in the case of invasive plants, but only a select few models are used extensively. Impacts are often accounted for in the model, but the extent and economic sophistication of their inclusion varies. Treatment of uncertainty and feasibility of control was lacking from many studies.
The weight of images : affect, body image and fat in the media
The new digital age : reshaping the future of people, nations and business
Assessing human vulnerability to environmental change : concepts, issues, methods and case studies
NBC 2000 : Symposium on Nuclear, Biological and Chemical Threats in the 21st Century, 13-15 June, 2000, Helsinki University of Technology, Espoo, Finland : symposium proceedings
Foundation's edge
Huntress
Conservation of native species at mainland sites where invasive species are a threat : case study : kaka, a native New Zealand parrot
The last watch
Behemoth : B-Max
Defeating the Jihadists : a blueprint for action
