http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10858 water treatment
water treatment
Water treatment equipment for hemodialysis applications
Disinfection by-products in drinking water : current issues
Water treatment plant design
Comparison of efficiency of various PAXs in water treatment process
Electrochemical treatment of wastewaters
Water supply and pollution control
Practical manual of groundwater microbiology
Green solutions for water and waste : science brought into action
The drinking water handbook
Abstract.
Water consumption and wastewaters in fresh-cut vegetable production
Physicochemical treatment processes
Benchmarking water services : guiding water utilities to excellence
Electrocoagulation (EC) is an emerging technology that combines the functions and advantages of conventional coagulation, flotation, and electrochemistry in water and wastewater treatment. The aims of this work included doing an updated literary review of recent feasible applications of EC, which were found to be plentiful. Since the economic and practical operational key figures related to EC haven’t been extensively mapped out before, this was a prime objective of this part of the work.The aim of the next part of this work was to find new feasible applications for EC in the treatment of water and wastewater. The studied wastewaters included bio- and synthetic oil-in-water emulsions, various industrial nutrient-containing wastewaters, and peat bog drainage water containing humic substances (an interesting and topical problem, especially in Finland). These studies proved the feasibility of EC. In addition, larger-scale experiments were also conducted successfully, thus proving the scalability of the EC process. Extensive economic analyses of the studied EC applications were also done. The operational costs and energy consumption of EC were found to be very low—typically about 0.1–1.0 €/m3 and 0.4–4.0 kWh/m3.It has been forecasted that in the future there will be a shortage of virgin phosphorus. Therefore, another essential purpose of this work was to conduct a preliminary study on the feasibility of using EC for nutrient (especially phosphorus, but also nitrogen) removal and recovery from different types of real wastewater. Specifically, it may be possible to use EC sludges containing notable amounts of phosphorus and nitrogen as additives in granulated bio ash-based fertilizer products for various applications. This is a novel idea and a “hot topic” in the waste utilization sector and in circular and bioeconomy.^
"An abridgement of the reference work Water Treatment, 3rd Edition by the same team of authors, this  Student Edition maintains the same quality writing, illustrations, and worked examples as the larger book, but in a more manageable and inexpensive format. All topics are discussed from the ground up, from the basic fundamentals of water chemistry, to filtration, to the design of treatment trains. Designed specifically for civil or environmental engineering students, this edition includes end-of-chapter review questions, chapter summaries, a new glossary, and a solutions manual available online"--
Energy options for water desalination in selected ESCWA member countries
Anaerobic on-site wastewater treatment at low temperatures
Water treatment handbook. Vol. 1.
Water recycling and resource recovery in industry : analysis, technologies and implementation
Nanofiltration as a refining phase in surface water treatment
State detection in the biological water treatment process
Membrane technology in water and wastewater treatment
Arsenate removal from water by adsorption with magnetic nanoparticles (γ-Fe2O3)
Bis-phenol A: orgin, fate, dilemma and the effects of increased background organics on its adsorption by powdered activated carbon
Talousveden käsittelyyn tarkoitetut kemikaalit : nestemäinen rauta(III)sulfaatti = Chemicals used for treatment of water intended for human consumption : iron (III) sulfate liquid
The future of water : a startling look ahead
Metals removal technologies for urban stormwater
Handbook on water treatment
Field demonstration of biological denitrification of polluted groundwater, and pilot scale field testing of biological denitrification
Development of integrated solutions : the value creation potential of the supplier : case of water treatment solutions for the mining industry
Biotechnological innovations in energy and environmental management
Desalination technology : health and environmental impacts
Operation and maintenance of small waterworks
Microfiltration and ultrafiltration membranes for drinking water
Ecological, socio-cultural and institutional challenges in the provision of safe water and improved sanitation in NWFP, Pakistan
A journey in the history of water
Water treatment membrane processes
Organic pollutants in the water cycle : properties, occurrence, analysis and environmental relevance of polar compounds
Assensing the environmental value of water treatment solutions in the mining industry
Water treatment made simple for operators
Water Engineering : Hydraulics, Distribution and Treatment
Water treatment of reuse in pulp and paper industry
Cyanobacterial hepatotoxins and drinking water supplies : aspects of monitoring and potential health risks
Co-operation between Finland and Lithuania in the development of clean technologies
Theory and practice of water and wastewater treatment
Microbiology of drinking water production and distribution
Modification of photocatalyst with enhanced photocatalytic activity for water treatment
Environmentally sound technologies for wastewater and stormwater management : an international source book
Groundwater treatment technology
Modelling of ozonation and advanced oxidation of organic impurities in aqueous solutions
Water desalination technologies in the ESCWA member countries
Water distribution systems : CIBSE commissioning code W
Membrane technology for water and wastewater treatment, energy and environment
Analysis of the quality of wastewater from the service stations located in the operative area of Helsinki Region Environmental Services Authority
Handbook of environmental engineering calculations
Further Development of a Centrifugal Solids Separator Prototype
Field testing of the performance of multi-stage swirl separator
Handbook of water and wastewater treatment plant operations
Microbially available phosphorus in drinking water
Principles of water treatment
Membrane systems for wastewater treatment
New adsorption and oxidation-based approaches for water and wastewater treatment [Julkaisurekisteri] : studies regarding organic peracids, boiler-water treatment, and geopolymers
Applicability of artificial recharge of groundwater in Mojo, Ethiopia
Just Add : a magazine for Kemira stakeholders
Abstract: Water treatment of reuse in pulp and paper industry.
This thesis examines three different areas of water treatment technology: the application of organic peracids in wastewater treatment; the removal of organic residues from boiler make-up water; and the use of geopolymers as sorbents.The main advantages of peracids as alternative wastewater disinfectants are their effective antimicrobial properties and high oxidation power, as well the absence of harmful disinfection by-products after their use. Performic, peracetic and perpropionic acids were compared in laboratory-scale disinfection, oxidation and corrosion experiments. From the techno-economical point of view, performic acid proved to be the most effective disinfectant against E. coli and fecal enterococci. However, in the bisphenol-A oxidation experiments, no advantages compared to hydrogen peroxide use were observed. It was also determined that corrosion rates on stainless steel 316L were negligible, while carbon steel seemed unsuitable in terms of corrosion for use with peracids even in low concentrations.Organic compounds in the boiler plant water-steam cycle thermally decompose and form potentially corrosive species. Activated carbon filtration was confirmed to be a suitable method for the removal of organic residue from deionized boiler make-up water. No significant differences in terms of treatment efficiency between commercial activated carbons were observed. However, acid washing as a pre-treatment reduced the leaching of impurities from new carbon beds. Nevertheless, a mixed-bed ion exchanger was required to remove leached impurities, such as silica and sodium.Geopolymers, or amorphous analogues of zeolites, can be used as sorbents in the treatment of wastewater. Metakaolin and blast-furnace-slag geopolymers showed positive potential in the treatment of landfill leachate (NH4+ ) and mine effluent (Ni, As, Sb).^
Controlled water use is an important component of sustainable fresh-cut vegetable production because of limited water resources, and also for controlling the quality of wastewater re-used in vegetable processing or for irrigating on fields. In our study the water consumption in vegetable processing plants varied from 1.5 to 5.0 m3 t-1 of finished product. In one plant, monitored over three years, almost 90% of water was used for washing and rinsing of vegetables, but more than 90% of the organic load of the wastewater was generated from the processing stage. The results including organic load and the microbial quality of the wastewaters showed that the wastewater should be treated beforere-use.Separate treating of wastewaters from processing stage is recommended.  Pre-treatment of wastewater using precipitation chemicals and sedimentation in basins decreased the organic load and total solids in the water, allowing further treatment of the waters.
Water quality
Domestic wastewater treatment in developing countries
Comparing alum and ferric salt in surface water treatment
Decentralised sanitation and reuse : concepts, systems and implementation
Water supply system in Petrozavodsk and Oulu
Soil aeration and its role for plants
State of the science of chlorine dioxide in drinking water
Development of advanced sewage treatment for sustainable water reuse
Water reuse : issues, technologies, and applications
SCADA design and enterprise connectivity for a water processing system
Advanced water supply and wastewater treatment : a road to safer society and environment
Modelling hindered batch settling : with applications to activated sludge and calcium carbonate slurry
Discolouration in drinking water systems : the role of particles clarified
Physical-chemical treatment of water and wastewater
Aerobic wastewater treatment under high and varying temperatures : thermophilic process performance and effluent quality
In situ air sparging : a technical guide : version 1.1
Groundwater science and policy : an international overview
Wet oxidation of concentrated wastewaters : process combination and reaction kinetic modeling
Waterlink : a magazine for Kemira's stakeholders
Nanotechnology applications for clean water : solutions for improving water quality
Groundwater resources : sustainability, management, and restoration
Membrane Technology for Water and Wastewater Treatment, Energy and Environment provides information to assess the quantity and quality of current research and development activities in the ASEAN region, especially on membrane science and technology, which is recognized as one of the most powerful tools to solve environmental and energy problems. The book also reflects upon the Middle East region, where research on water treatment is growing due to scarcity of water. It includes: * information on the latest developments of novel membranes for water and wastewater treatment * an interdisciplinary approach addressing the challenges of fresh water supply and sanitation Many innovative ideas on the development of membrane science and technology are assembled in this book and readers will find information on the rapidly growing Research and Development activities in the ASEAN and the Middle East regions that are emerging as the next generation research centres of membrane technologies, especially owing to their need of technology for water and wastewater treatment. Membrane Technology for Water and Wastewater Treatment, Energy and Environment will be useful not only for the engineers, scientists, professors and graduate students who are engaged in the Research and Development activities of the field, but also for a global audience interested in the sustainable development of these regions. Table of contents: Novel Membrane Development; Water and Wastewater Treatment (Applications); Water and Wastewater Treatment (Modelling); Membranes for Energy and Environmental Applications; Membranes for Environmental and Energy Applications (Gas Separation Application); Membranes for Other Applications This title is co-published with CRC Press
Converting gas and waste water treatment by OG-system in steel smelting industry
Abstract: Development of advanced sewage treatment for sustainable water reuse.
Alternative water sources and wastewater management
Sustainability science and engineering. Vol. 2, Sustainable water for the future : water recycling versus desalination
Water treatment handbook
Electrochemical removal of silver and copper from industrial waste water
Water and wastewater technology
Basic water treatment
Rural methods to mitigate arsenic contaminated water
Waste water treatment and recycling technology
OBTAINING GOOD WATER  QUALITY WITHOUT USING BIG  TREATMENT PLANTS : Treatment installations in buildings
Environmental engineering. [Vol. 1], Water, wastewater, soil and groundwater treatment and remediation
Utilization of electrocoagulation for water and wastewater treatment and nutrient recovery : techno-economic studies
Sewage treatment equipment marketing research
Retention and elimination of pathogenic bacteria perculating through biological filters : effects of physical, chemical and microbiological factors = Retensjon og eliminering av patogene bakterier perkulerende gjennom biologisk filter : effekten av fysiske, kjemiske og mikrobiologiske faktorer
Ultrasound-assisted electrochemical treatment of wastewaters containing organic pollutants by using novel Ti/Ta2O5-SnO2 electrodes
Performance of pilot scale slow sand filters using different local sands in Ethiopia
Field-testing of the performance of multi-stage swirl separator
Drinking water hazards : how to know if there are toxic chemicals in your water and what to do if there are
Simulation of sludge blanket of a vertical clarifier in activated sludge process
White's handbook of chlorination and alternative disinfectants
Water treatment : principles and design
Effect of ultrasonication on algal and bacterial growth in fresh water
Water consumption in Russian pulp industry
Two-step granular activated carbon filtration in drinking water treatment
Water resources management and the environment
Simulation of sludge blanket of a vertical clarifier in activated sludge process = Aktiivilietepuhdistamon pystyselkeyttimen lietepatjan simulointi
Arsenic contamination of drinking water in Bangladesh, and technical options for removing
Wastewater treatment pilot
Exporting to the Ukrainian water treatment market. Case study: Bimaks Kimya Ltd.
Strategic market approach for entering the Indian solar water pump market : plan the marketing strategy for solar off-grid applications
This book provides a contemporary approach to the study of bilingualism. Drawing on contributions from leading experts in the field, this book brings together - in a single volume - a selection of the exciting work conducted as part of the programme of the ESRC Centre for Research on Bilingualism in Theory and Practice at Bangor University, Wales. Each chapter has as its main focus an exploration of the relationship between the two languages of a bilingual. Section by section, the authors draw on current findings and methodologies to explore the ways in which their research can address this question from a number of different perspectives.
Suomen kartasto = Atlas of Finland. Appendix 242-244 (1986), Construction, energy
Water treatment for industrial and public supply : a review of British achievements
High-purity water preparation for the semiconductor, pharmaceutical and power industries
Water-related problems are increasing globally, and new, low-cost technologies are needed to resolve them. Lignocellulosic waste materials contain reactive functional groups that can be used to provide a bio-based platform for the production of water treatment chemicals. Research on bio-based ion exchange materials in the treatment of real wastewaters is needed.In this thesis, anion exchange materials were prepared through chemical modification (epichlorohydrin, ethylenediamine and triethylamine) using five Finnish lignocellulosic materials as bio-based platforms. Scots pine sawdust and bark (Pinus sylvestris), Norway spruce bark (Picea abies), birch bark (Betula pendula/pubescens) and peat were chosen due to their local availability and abundance. The focus was placed on NO3- removal, but uptake of heavy metals, such as nickel, was also observed and studied. Studies on maximum sorption capacity, mechanism, kinetics, and the effects of temperature, pH and co-existing anions were used to elucidate the sorption behaviour of the prepared materials in batch and column tests.All five materials removed over 70% of NO3- at pH 3–10 (initial conc. 30 mg N/l). Quaternized pine sawdust worked best (max. capacity 32.8 mg NO3-N/g), and also in a wide temperature range (5–70°C). Column studies on quaternized pine sawdust using mining wastewater and industrial wastewater from a chemical plant provided information about the regeneration of exhausted material and its suitability for industrial applications. Uptake of Ni, V, Co and U was observed. Column studies proved the easy regeneration and reusability of the material.For comparison, pine sawdust was also modified using N-(3-chloro-2-hydroxypropyl) trimethylammonium chloride and utilized to remove NO3- from groundwater and industrial wastewater. A maximum sorption capacity of 15.3 mg NO3-N/g was achieved for the synthetic solution. Overall, this thesis provides valuable information about bio-based anion exchange materials and their use in real waters and industrial applications.
Water supply and treatment : a project of the Water Quality Committee of the TAPPI Environmental Division
UVC irradiation based water treatment : astudy of UV light emitting diodes, atomic layer deposited TiO2 and novel applications
Facts on water supply and sanitation in Sweden
Water treatment principles and design
Performance of floc blanket clarifiers
Wastewater treatment
Grey water recycling options & technologies : towards a suitable utilization of domestic water
Industrial water pollution control
Successive alkalinity producing system for the treatment of acid sulphate soil runoff : preliminary results of a field trial
Water treatment & technology : the Nordic experience : Vilnius, 6 April 1992, Riga, 8 April 1992, Tallinn, 10 April 1992.
Disinfection practices in urban water supply in Ethiopia
Water quality & treatment : a handbook on drinking water
New adsorption and oxidation-based approaches for water and wastewater treatment:studies regarding organic peracids, boiler-water treatment, and geopolymers
Keeping water clean
Fish and invertebrate culture : water management in closed systems
The organizing and market development of a subcontracting project to Vietnam : a developing export market for Finland
Nutrient and bacterial load transport in the River Vuoksi : model based estimation of aquatic effects from present and planned wastewater treatment plants
Health aspects of plumbing
Topics in wastewater treatment
Blue gold : a novel from the NUMA files
Water properties in food, health, pharmaceutical and biological systems : isopow 10
Water quality and treatment : a handbook of community water supplies
This series offers a complete set of environmental engineering textbooks that present the latest theories and principles in a one-stop reference for its readers. It presents the state-of-the-art environmental engineering technologies in the year 2002 and years leading to it.
Electrochemical water processing
Water treatment handbook. Vol. 2.
Handbook of water and wastewater treatment technologies
Basic mathematics for water and wastewater operations
Use of calsium carbonate in wet contact filter
Commissioning of a Small-Scale Wastewater Treatment Plant
Drinking water treatment in rural areas : Kuopio Sept. 12-13, 1986.
Water treatment by quaternized lignocellulose
