http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10899 working conditions
working conditions
Economic and social effects of multinational enterprises in export processing zones
Preventing absenteeism at the workplace : research summary
Working and employment conditions in new EU member states : convergence or diversity?
Indicators of working conditions in the European Union
The challenge of China : trade union and industrial perspectives
Friendly societies : seven pamphlets 1798-1839
Children at work : health and safety risks
Robert Owen at New Lanark : two booklets and one pamphlet 1824-1838
Automation and the worker : a study of social change in power plants
The Luddites : three pamphlets 1812-1839
A brief overview of working conditions in the care sector
The spread of machinery : five pamphlets 1793-1806
Working-life research in Finland
The workplace. Vol. 2, Major industries and occupations
Jane's workplace security handbook
Work exposure and complaints in a sample of French and Norwegian forest machine operators : a comparative field study within the ErgoWood programme
Summary in Finnish.
Threads of labour : garment industry supply chains from the workers' perspective
Living and working in Australia : a survival handbook
Abstract (2 s.).
Abstract.
Stress in teaching
A new technique for job analysis
Labour problems in Indian industry
School leadership : heads on the block?
Report [of the] Tripartite Meeting on Conditions of Employment and Work of Journalists, Geneva, 21-29 November 1990.
Introducing flexiwork and telework in Finland : position paper
Rhythms of labour : music at work in Britain
Work in the global village : proceedings of the International Conference on Work in the 21st Century, 15-17 October 2001 Helsinki, Finland
Workplace as an origin of health inequalities
Safer sex in the city : the experience and management of street prostitution
The relationships between work stressors and organizational performance in long-term care for elderly residents
Balances in well-being at work : measurements, determinants and improvements of the quality of working life
Occupational social work
Making trouble: fighting for fair trade jewellery
People at work
Privatization of public services : impacts for employment, working conditions, and service quality in Europe
Employment in the hotel and catering industry
Introduction to international health and safety at work : the handbook for the NEBOSH international general certificate
Globalization and labor conditions : working conditions and worker rights in a global economy
The ergonomics kit for general industry
Hygiene for the worker
Flow with it! : well-being at work : case Café & Bar Time Out in Rantasipi Laajavuori
Law, labour, and empire : comparative perspectives on seafarers, c. 1500-1800
Harun Farocki accompanied a consulting firm with his camera for more than a year to make his new documentary film "Ein Neues Produkt" (A New Product). Between the lines of manager rhetoric, central questions on the structure of new working environments are broached in Farocki's film: which role does architecture play in terms of the organisation of working processes? How are societal changes reflected in the company structures? How do consultants try to anticipate economic trends and their effects on the working structures in companies? The film provides the occasion for a reader on the theme of contemporary working environments. One chapter of the book documents an important scene in the film with subtitles. This documentation of around 30 pages is embedded in an anthology of six essays and a detailed interview.
Living and working in Britain 2006 : a survival handbook
Evaluation of the telework pilot in the Information Society Directorate-General and the Employment Directorate-General of the European Commission
The age of dignity : human rights and constitutionalism in Europe
Employment and working conditions and competitiveness in the leather and footwear industry : fourth Tripartite Technical Meeting for the Leather and Footwear Industry, Geneva, 1992. Report 2
Campaign guide : management leadership and worker participation in occupational safety and health
Individuals and environment : a psychosocial approach to workspace
Living and working in France 2006 : a survival handbook
Nepalese child labourers' life-contexts, cognitive skills and well-being
Well-being at work on farms in Finland : stress, safety in animal handling and working conditions of women on dairy farm
First things first in child labour : eliminating work detrimental to children
Issues in the leather and footwear industry : a summary (s. 42-43).
Goodbye iSlave : a manifesto for digital abolition
Occupational well-being : the role of areas of worklife and achievement and social strategies
Summary and suggested points for discussion (s. 162-171).
Art workers : material conditions and labour struggles in contemporary art practice
Work among the elderly
Living and working in Spain 2006 : a survival handbook
Conclusion (s. 93-95).
Employees' motivation and level of satisfaction: a case of Itella Porvoo, Finland
Social dialogue in Nordic manufacturing companies in the Baltic states : a work organisation approach
"Seafarers were the first workers to inhabit a truly international labour market, a sector of industry which, throughout the early modern period, drove European economic and imperial expansion, technological and scientific development, and cultural and material exchanges around the world. This volume adopts a comparative perspective, presenting current research about maritime labourers across three centuries, in the Mediterranean Sea and the Atlantic and Indian Oceans, to understand how seafarers contributed to legal and economic transformation within Europe and across the world. Focusing on the three related themes of legal systems, labouring conditions, and imperial power, these essays explore the dynamic and reciprocal relationship between seafarers' individual and collective agency, and the social and economic frameworks which structured their lives"--
The reality and factors of teacher's long working hours and work overload : a study in Ashigara region in Kanagawa, Japan
On the quality of working life
Introduction to industrial/organizational psychology
International labour standards : a workers' education manual
Phony equality : labour standards of mobile phone manufactures in India
This book presents the analysis of the representative survey about the academic profession in twelve European countries. Higher education in Europe has experienced a substantial change in recent years: Expansion progresses further, the expectation to deliver useful contributions of knowledge to the “knowledge society” is on the rise, and efforts to steer academic work through external forces and strong international management are more widespread than ever. Representative surveys of the academic profession in twelve European countries show how professors and junior staff at universities and other institutions of higher education view the role of higher education in society and their professional situation and how they actually shape their professional tasks. Academics differ across Europe substantially in their employment and working conditions, their views and their activities. Most of them favour the preservation of a close link between teaching and research and feel responsible for both theory and practice. Most consider efforts to enhance academic quality and social relevance as compatible. The overall satisfaction with their professional situation is rather high. --Publisher's description.
Workers, society, and Soviet state : labor and life in Moscow, 1918 - 1929
Economic reform and trade unions : new studies
Excellence by design : transforming workplace and work pratice
Nursing workforce issues
Finnlinesin työilmapiiri koetaan miellyttäväksi = Finnlines has a competent and motivated staff
Summary and suggested points for discussion (s. 64-65).
Unraveling the garment industry : transnational organizing and women's work
Profession or occupational culture? : an ethnological study of the textile conservators' working conditions at the museums
Labour policy and labour economics in Canada
Fast food nation : the dark side of the all-American meal
Slavery and the Enlightenment in the British Atlantic, 1750-1807
Recent developments in the education sector : report for discussion at the Joint Meeting on the Impact of Structural Adjustment on Educational Personnel, Geneva 1996
The attractiveness of the work is affected when production of handcrafted log houses moves indoors
Learning to think Korean : a guide to living and working in Korea
Handbook of human factors and ergonomics in health care and patient safety
Working conditions in the European meat processing industry
Occupational stress and productivity
Designing for older adults : principles and creative human factors approaches
Job satisfaction : a reader
Automotive industry trends affecting component suppliers : report for discussion at the Tripartite Meeting on Employment, Social Dialogue, Rights at Work and Industrial Relations in Transport Equipment Manufacturing, Geneva 2005.
New patterns of work reform : the case of Norway
Occupational psychology
The Spitalfields acts : seven pamphlets 1818-1828
The early sociology of management and organizations. Volume 6, The human problems of an industrial civilization
B2B Strategy Making and Planning : case: Datnam Techonologies and Trading Company, Ltd.
An "examination of what we don't talk about when we talk about restaurants: Is the line cook working through a case of stomach flu because he doesn't get paid sick days? Is the busser not being promoted because he speaks with an accent? Is the server tolerating sexual harassment because tips are her only income? ... [This book] offers an insider's view of the highest--and lowest--scoring restaurants for worker pay and benefits in each sector of the restaurant industry, and with it, a new way of thinking about how and where we eat"--Amazon.com.
The European communities ́health and safety legislation
Improving the lot of the chimney sweeps : one book and nine pamphlets 1785-1840
The aftermath of the "last labourers' revolt" : fourteen pamphlets 1830-1831
Personal work goals put into context : associations with work environment and occupational well-being
The national working-environment program
Motivation and productivity in the construction industry
Ships, slaves and competition : inquiry into ship safety
Well-being at work on farms in Finland : stress, safety in animal handling and working conditions of women on dairy farms
Recent developments affecting salaried employees and professional workers : Committee on Salaried Employees and Professional Workers, tenth session, Geneva, 1994
The condition of the working-class in England : from personal observation and authentic sources
Essays in Southern labor history : selected papers, Southern labor history conference, 1976
Chinese workers in comparative perspective
"Welcome to a brave new world of profit making, propelled by high technology, guarded by enterprising authority, and carried forward by millions of workers. These millions of bodies gather in gigantic factory complexes to produce coveted commodities--iPhones, iPads, and other gadgets--for consumers worldwide. Yet, at these same factories, working conditions are notoriously oppressive, to the point that a number of employees there have committed suicide. In this study, Jack Linchuan Qiu examines systems of domination, exploitation, and alienation in an era of information technology, global connectivity, and individual consumerism engineered by corporations in collusion with national and regional state authorities. Focusing on notorious Taiwanese manufacturer Foxconn, Qiu conceptually develops the idea of iSlavery and the planetary Apple-Foxconn alliance he calls Appconn. Beginning with historical and legal explorations of slavery, he compares conditions of Foxconn workers to those of 17th century transatlantic slaves. Moving on from labor issues, he turns to fanatic consumption of digital media and argues that compulsive free labor contributions to commodity cycles constitute another form of iSlavery. Qiu relies on interviews, news analysis, and first-hand observation to clarify the circumstances faced by Foxconn workers and examine how a transborder working-class civil society was mobilized. He analyzes how media play a role in shaping public opinion and influencing corporate and state policies, ultimately affecting the fate of workers at the very bottom of the problematic new international division of labor"--
Forked : a new standard for American dining
Improving teacher quality : the U.S. teaching force in global context
The work situation of the academic profession in Europe : findings of a survey in twelve countries
Lighting for occupational optometry
Occupational ergonomics : a practical approach
Women in the workplace in three types of societies
After 30 years with the demand-control-support model : how is it used today?
Stress and satisfaction on the job : work meanings and coping of mid-career men
Summary (2 s.).
Conditions of work and living : the reawakening of the English conscience : five pamphlets 1838-1844
Swedish work environment policy : an economic analysis
Principles of hotel and catering law
The many faces of the National Programme on Ageing Workers : the concluding report on the programme
Summary (s. 2).
Work places : the psychology of the physical environment in offices and factories
Microelectronics and change at work
Summary.
Conditions of employment and work of performers : Tripartite Meeting on Conditions of Employment and Work of Performers, Geneva 1992
Comparative industrial relations in Europe
Professionalism: our challenge for 2000 = Professionalidad : nuestro reto para el 2000 : Efsli 1996 conference proceedings, Barcelona, Spain, December 6th - 8th 1996
Labour problems before the industrial revolution : four pamphlets 1727-1745
Working environment as a competition factor in the service industry?.
Nordic conference for video phone interpreters December 3. - 5. 2003 in Denmark Castberggård, Folk High School : report
Quality of work life survey
Magnet hospitals revisited : attraction and retention of professional nurses
Is Finland different? Quality of Work Among Finnish and European Employees
Adapting shiftwork arrangements
Ergonomical problems in agriculture, especially for part-time and ageing farmers
Social effects of structural change in banking : Tripartite Meeting on the Social Effects of Structural Change in Banking, Geneva, 1993
Conclusions (s. 243-250).
What teaching does to teachers : the teacher as worker
Systems approach to management of disasters : methods and applications
Quality of life and working life in comparison
Community interpreting in Sweden : a short presentation
Playing with labour rights : music player and game console manufacturing in China
The book Art Workers – Material Conditions and Labour Struggles in Contemporary Art Practice presents case studies from the local art contexts of Estonia, Finland and Sweden, collects artist-testimonies, discusses activist practices and maps out contemporary and historical forms of organising within the international art field.
Principles of health and safety at work
International trade and labor standards : a proposal for linkage
The road to Wigan Pier
Labor protection in Soviet Russia
Alienation and authenticity : some consequences for organized work
Conditions of work and employment of professional workers : compendium of principles and good practices
Report. 3, part 4B, Equality in Employment and Occupation : general survey of the reports on the Discrimination (Employment and Occupation) Convention (no. 111) and Recommendation (no. 111), 1958 : report
Industrial democracy : the sociology of participation
"Every day, innovative entrepreneurs pioneer bold economic ideas that change the way we live and work. Companies like Google, Apple, Oracle, Facebook and Twitter aren't the only ones shaping our economic future--there's another trend emerging that will change the ways we work and live. The "sharing economy," or the "collaborative consumption economy," includes companies like TaskRabbit, Airbnb, Uber, Lyft, Zaarly, and DocVacay who are purveyors of an economic system that revolves around sharing human and physical resources. This new aspect to the economy, Steven Hill argues, is a dead end for U.S. workers, as well as for the national economy.In Raw Deal, Hill shows the "sharing economy" is a new and troubling component to what is an overall bad economy that undermines workers. Vulnerable freelancers and day laborers hire themselves out for ever smaller jobs and amounts of money, and it is only the companies who hire them who reap the big benefits. Hill argues that we must shift the support for American workers to one that is individual-based rather than workplace-based. Countering the onset of the freelance society and the new economy is the new civil rights and labor struggles of our time. This important book answers these questions and provides pragmatic solutions to adapt our economic system to its new realities, launching a new civil rights struggle capable of transforming the freelance society into a stakeholder society"--
Summary (s. 115-116)).
The conditions of the black worker
Dockers : the impact of industrial change
Just enough : tools for creating success in your work and life
The great lock-out of 1926
Where am I wearing? : a global tour to the countries, factories, and people that make our clothes
The worker speaks his mind on company and union
Gender, family and work in Naples
Trends and explanations for socioeconomic differences in physical activity
Seafarers' rights in the globalized maritime industry
Recent developments in the leather and footwear industry : fourth Tripartite Technical Meeting for the Leather and Footwear Industry, Geneva, 1992. Report 1
Re-making teaching : ideology, policy and practice
A review and analysis of a selection of OSH monitoring systems : report to the European Agency for Safety and Health at Work
Women seafarers : global employment policies and practices
Work in care for the elderly : combining theories of job design, stress, information processing and organizational cultures
Professionalism: our challenge for 2000 = Professionalidad : nuestro reto para el 2000
Annual review of working conditions in the EU
The situation of  workers of the occupied Arab territories : report of the Director-General
Corrosive reform : failing health systems in Eastern Europe
Working conditions of an ageing workforce
Business Ethics and organizational values: a systems-theoretical analysis
The death of Ramón González : the modern agricultural dilemma
Developmental needs and possibilities in the working environment of the wood-working industry
Systematic workplace survey : health and safety hazards in the construction industry
Endowed : regulating the male sexed body
Oil extraction in extreme remoteness : the organization of work and long-distance commuting in Russia’s northern resource peripheries
The approach to the book is analogous to a toolkit. The user will open the book and locate the tool that best fits the ergonomic assessment task he/she is performing. The chapters of the book progress from the concept of ergonomics, through the various assessment techniques, and into the more complex techniques. In addition to discussing the techniques, this book presents them in a form that the readers can readily adapt to their particular situation. Each chapter, where applicable, presents the technique discussed in that chapter and demonstrates how it is used. The supporting material at the end of each chapter contains exercises, case studies and review questions. The case study section of the book presents how to use techniques to analyze a range of workplace scenarios. Topics include: The Basics of Ergonomics; Anthropometry; Office Ergonomics; Administrative Controls; Biomechanics; Hand Tools; Vibration; Workstation Design; Manual Material Handling; Job Requirements and Physical Demands Survey; Ergonomic Survey Tools; Work-related Musculoskeletal Disorders; How to Conduct an Ergonomics Assessment; and Case Studies
Industrialization and labor : social aspects of economic development
Second European quality of life survey : family life and work
New organizational practices and working conditions : ecidenv ce from France in the 1990s
Working life barometer in the Baltic countries 2002
Differences in working methods and working environment : case Study: Finland, Sweden and Russia
Work and family : an international research perspective
Introduction to ergonomics in forestry in developing countries
Labour conditions in Soviet Russia : systematic questionnaire and bibliography : prepared for the mission of enquiry in Russia
Seafaring labour : the merchant marine of Atlantic Canada, 1820-1914
Raw deal : how the "uber economy" and runaway capitalism are screwing American workers
The quest for well-being in growth industries : contexts, research design and methodological development
Application of job characteristics theory and job enrichment to professionals : a theoretical analysis
Precarious employment in perspective : old and new challenges to working conditions in Sweden
Humanization of work in Western Europe
Occupational health
European nurses' life and work under restructuring
