http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10867 wives
wives married women
Season to taste, or, how to eat your husband
Never marry a politician
Honey Brown is married
Unwritten memories
Run, mummy, run : a novel inspired by a true story
The aviator's wife : a novel
No place to hide
The twenty-year itch
Spoken from the heart
"Only two can keep a secret if one of them is dead. David and Adele seem like the ideal pair. He's a successful psychiatrist, she is his picture-perfect wife who adores him. But why is he so controlling? And why is she keeping things hidden? As Louise, David's new secretary, is drawn into their orbit, she uncovers more puzzling questions than answers. The only thing that is crystal clear is that something in this marriage is very, very wrong. But Louise can't guess how wrong - and how far a person might go to protect their marriage's secrets. "--
The miniaturist
Diary of a married call girl
No rest for the dead
First lady : the life and wars of Clementine Churchill
We need to talk about Kevin
Harper stared at her reflection in disbelief. Her instinct was to scream, because the woman staring back at her was unrecognisable, a bruised and bloody mess. But she didn’t scream, she didn’t dare, it would have hurt too much. She didn’t cry either. Her face was so painfully tender that she was scared to move even a muscle. Is it a good lesson to learn? she wondered. How could her marriage have come to this? How on earth did it end up this way?
Lady blue eyes : my life with Frank
The art of racing in the rain : a novel
The magic fish
The vegetarian : a novel
Constance : the tragic and scandalous life of Mrs Oscar Wilde
The winter war
Fields of ice
My Florence : a 70-year love story
It's only rock 'n' roll : 30 years with a Rolling Stone
Bleeding Heart Square
The Rosie project
The woman he loved before
American purgatorio
The old man's love story
The ruins of us :  a novel
The wife who run away
The husband
The Zahir : a novel of obsession
Confidentially yours
The weekend wives
A war of flowers
Cross-class families : a study of wives' occupational superiority
Cold vengeance
Brides of war
Autofiction
Mean streak
One hundred days of happiness
The Wilt inheritance
Levels of life
There once lived a mother who loved her children, until they moved back in : three novellas about family / Ludmilla Petrushevskaya ; [translated with an introduction by Anna Summers]
The rector's wife
The Paris wife : a novel
Two graves
Voices of the desert : a novel
Margot at war : love and betrayal in Downing Street, 1912-16
The wife
Every contact leaves a trace
The Rosie project : a novel
The beginner's goodbye
Post-romantic stress disorder : what to do when the honeymoon is over : new discoveries about lust, love, and saving your marriage before it's too late
The ruins of us : a novel
The intruders
Wife living dangerously
Sanhaeng = A walk in the mountains
The Zahir
The lost years
Southern belle
Chiang Kai-shek's secret past : the memoir of his second wife, Ch'en Chieh-ju
The undertaking
The truth and other lies
Chateau and country life in France
Chicago, 1999.  Madeleine is trapped - by her family's expectations, by her controlling husband, and by her own fears - in an unhappy marriage and a life she never wanted. From the outside, it looks like she has everything, but on the inside, she fears she has nothing that matters.  In Madeleine's memories, her grandmother Margie is the kind of woman she should have been - elegant, reserved, perfect. But when Madeleine finds a diary detailing Margie's bold, romantic trip to Jazz Age Paris, she meets the grandmother she never knew: a dreamer who defied her strict, staid family and spent an exhilarating summer writing in cafes, living on her own, and falling for a charismatic artist.  Despite her unhappiness, when Madeleine's marriage is threatened, she panics, escaping to her hometown and staying with her critical, disapproving mother. In that unlikely place, shaken by the revelation of a long-hidden family secret and inspired by her grandmother's bravery, Madeleine creates her own Parisian summer - reconnecting to her love of painting, cultivating a vibrant circle of creative friends, and finding a kindred spirit in a down-to-earth chef who reminds her to feed both her body and her heart.  Margie and Madeleine's stories intertwine to explore the joys and risks of living life on our own terms, of defying the rules that hold us back from our dreams, and of becoming the people we are meant to be.
My favourite wife
A man called Ove
Ada's rules : a sexy skinny novel
The pea and the princess
Bincheo
Into the darkest corner
The G file : a Van Veeteren mystery
Up in Honey's room
The 19th wife
The adventures of Mrs. Jesus
Insomnia 3. The company
The Buddha in the attic
Behind closed doors
The third wife
Hey Jo : a rock and roll fairytale
The love and wars of Lina Prokofiev
The 5 love languages : the secret to love that lasts
Catch : a novel
The wind is not a river
The fat woman's joke
Worth fighting for : love, loss and moving forward
The blacksmith's wife
Good Wives
This I remember
Good wives or, Little women. Part II
A 1950s housewife : marriage and homemaking in the 1950s
The seven year itch
The rumor : a novel
The calligrapher's secret
The bride stripped bare
Pioneer pastors' wives chose the role of service : a noble but often difficult calling
Death of a Perfect Wife
The patience stone
The zahir : a novel of Obsession
Love may fail
The astronaut wives club : a true story
The race
Meet me on the beach
Insomnia 2. The lock
The Middlesteins
So many ways to begin
The Bronx kill
Old masters : a comedy
If they could see me now
The wife's tale
My criminal world
The light of Paris
