http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10928 natural law
natural law
The human measure : social thought in the western legal tradition
Law as fact
Natural law and justice
Morality matters
Economic justice and natural law
Responsibility and commitment : eighteen essays in honor of Gerhold K. Becker
The Hobbesian structure of international legal discourse
Theories of rights
Natural law and natural rights
Natural law & human dignity : universal ethics in an historical world
Natural right and political philosophy : essays in honor of Catherine Zuckert and Michael Zuckert
General theory of law and state
The emergence of Russian liberalism : Alexander Kunitsyn in context, 1783-1840
Understanding project management in natural resource investments from a legal perspective
Hobbes's "science of natural justice"
Christian ethics : an introduction
Natural law and human dignity
International rules : approaches from international law and international relations
Aquinas's theory of natural law : an analytic reconstruction
The tradition of natural law : a philosopher's reflections
Edmund Burke and the natural law
Natural rectitude and divine law in Aquinas : an approach to an integral interpretation of the Thomistic doctrine of law
This book addresses the old question of natural law in its interesting contemporary context. David VanDrunen draws on both his Reformed theological heritage and the broader Christian natural law tradition to develop a constructive theology of natural law through a thorough study of Scripture. The biblical covenants organize VanDrunen's study. Part 1 addresses the covenant of creation and the covenant with Noah, exploring how these covenants provide a foundation for understanding God's governance of the whole world under the natural law. Part 2 treats the redemptive covenants that God established with such people as Abraham and Moses and explores the obligations of God's people to natural law within these covenant relationships. In the concluding chapter of Divine Covenants and Moral Order VanDrunen reflects on the need for a solid theology of natural law and the importance of natural law for the Christian's life in the public square.
After the political turn : Jean Barbeyrac and natural law in the early 18th century
Aquinas's moral theory : essays in honor of Norman Kretzmann
From the natural man to the political machine : sovereignty and power in the works of Thomas Hobbes
Legal philosophies
Hegel's political theory as a critique of modern natural right and especially Lockean liberalism
Richard Hooker, reformer and platonist : a reassessment of his thought
Selections from three works of Francisco Suárez, S.J. : De legibus, ac deo legislatore, 1612 ; Defensio fidei catholicae, et apostolicae adversus anglicanae sectae errores, 1613 ; De triplici virtute theologica, fide, spe, et charitate, 1621.
Barbeyrac and natural law
Jus gentium methodo scientifica pertractatum
Natural law theory : contemporary essays
God and moral law : on the theistic explanation of morality
Divine covenants and moral order : a biblical theology of natural law
Profit and principle : Hugo Grotius, natural rights theories and the rise of Dutch power in the East Indies 1595-1615
Divine and natural law in Luther and Melanchthon
Resource exploitation in the Arctic : incorrect diagnoses, misinterpretations  and wrong solutions – how to avoid these?
The disintegration of natural law theory : Aquinas to Finnis
Introduction to moral theology
Philosophy of law : an introduction to jurisprudence
Eternal and changing law : problems in modern natural law theory
Liberty and law : the idea of permissive natural law, 1100-1800
The natural moral law : the good after modernity
Natural law and political ideology in the philosophy of Hegel
Hobbes's logic of law
James E. Bruce explores the relationship between morality and God's free choices in the thought of Francis Turretin (1623-1687). The first book-length treatment of Turretin's natural law theory, Bruce provides an important theological backdrop to Early Modern moral and political philosophy. Turretin affirms Thomas Aquinas's approach to the natural law, calling it the common opinion of the Reformed orthodox, but he develops it, too, by introducing a threefold scheme of right (ius)—divine, natural, and positive—to explain how change within the law is possible. So, for example, God can change the specific day for Sabbath observance from Saturday to Sunday—from positive right—without changing the natural law precept that finite creatures ought to rest. Yet even with respect to the natural law God is still free: God's free choices determine the natural law insofar as the natural law is constituted by the nature of the things God has chosen to create. God cannot make a murderable man, but he can make a world in which there is no such thing as murder—but only by choosing to create a world that contains no such a thing as man.
Nature as reason : a Thomistic theory of the natural law
Ethics
Aquinas and natural law
The philosophy of right. Vol. 2, Rights of the individual
Legal evolution : the story of an idea
Natural rights and the new republicanism
Indigenous peoples' rights, minority group rights and international human rights law
Beyond sovereignty : The universal of Francisco de Vitoria
Kant and law
Jurisprudence : from the Greeks to post-modernism
Hobbes on law
"Roman Law in the State of Nature offers a new interpretation of the foundations of Hugo Grotius' natural law theory. Surveying the significance of texts from classical antiquity, Benjamin Straumann argues that certain classical texts, namely Roman law and a specifically Ciceronian brand of Stoicism, were particularly influential for Grotius in the construction of his theory of natural law. The book asserts that Grotius, a humanist steeped in Roman law, had many reasons to employ Roman tradition and explains how Cicero's ethics and Roman law - secular and offering a doctrine of the freedom of the high seas - were ideally suited to provide the rules for Grotius' state of nature. This fascinating new study offers historians, classicists and political theorists a fresh account of the historical background of the development of natural rights, natural law and of international legal norms as they emerged in seventeenth-century early modern Europe"--
Tradition and progress in modern legal cultures = Tradition und Fortschritt in den modernen Rechtskulturen
The end of human rights : critical legal thought at the turn of the century
Formalism and the sources of international law : a theory of the ascertainment of legal rules
Sexual morality : a natural law approach to intimate relationships
Human rights and the rise of the secular age
"In this ground-breaking book, Steven Forde argues that John Locke's devotion to modern science deeply shaped his moral and political philosophy. Beginning with an account of the classical approach to natural and moral philosophy, and of the medieval scholasticism that took these forward into early modernity, Forde explores why the modern scientific project of Francis Bacon, Pierre Gassendi, Robert Boyle and others required the rejection of the classical approach. Locke fully subscribed to this rejection, and took it upon himself to provide a foundation for a compatible morality and politics. Forde shows that Locke's theory of moral "mixed modes" owes much to Pufendorf, and is tailored to accommodate science. The theory requires a divine legislator, which in turn makes natural law the foundation of morality, rather than individual natural right. Forde shows the ways that Locke's approach modified his individualism, and colored his philosophy of property, politics, and education"--
The idea of natural rights : studies on natural rights, natural law and Church law 1150-1625
The natural law foundations of modern social theory : a quest for universalism
Comments on the ontology of natural law
De cive : the English version entitled in the first edition Philosophical rudiments concerning government and society
Natural law and toleration in the early Enlightenment
Natural law and the theory of property : Grotius to Hume
Hugo Grotius in international thought
Hobbes and the law of nature
Conscience versus law : reflections on the evolution of natural law
Humanae vitae : a generation later
The law of nations or the principles of natural law : applied to the conduct and to the affairs of nations and of sovereigns. 3
Rights in the law : the importance of god's free choices in the thought of Francis Turretin
Natural rights on the threshold of the Scottish enlightenment : the writings of Gershom Carmichael
Which positivism?
At the intersection of legality and morality : Hartian law as natural law
Foundations of peace and freedom : the ecology of a peaceful world
The problem of Burke's political philosophy
Justice, human nature, and political obligation
Reindeer talk : Sámi reindeer herding and nature management
Ecolex : the gateway to environmental law
On the acceptability and justification of intellectual property
Natural law theories in the early Enlightenment
The Lockean theory of rights
Culture and the Thomist tradition : after Vatican II
Rights
Locke, science, and politics
A question of truth : Christianity and homosexuality
Hugo Grotius, the miracle of Holland : a study in political and legal thought
Natural right and history
Natural law modernized
The revival of natural law concepts
Challenges to law at the end of the 20th century. Vol. 4, Legal systems and legal science : proceedings of the 17th World Congress of the International Association for Philosophy of Law and Social Philosophy (IVR) Bologna, June 16-21, 1995
The science of a legislator : the natural jurisprudence of David Hume and Adam Smith
Norm and nature : the movements of legal thought
Sociability in Samuel Pufendorf's natural law theory
De jure naturae et gentium : libri octo = On the law of nature and nations. 2
Jurisprudence or legal science? : a debate about the nature of legal theory
Ronald Dworkin on law as integrity : rights as principles of adjudication
The draft Nordic Saami Convention : nations working together
"The Natural Moral Law argues that the good can be known and that therefore the moral law, which serves as a basis for human choice, can be understood. Proceeding historically through ancient, modern and postmodern thinkers, Owen Anderson studies beliefs about the good and how it is known, and how such beliefs shape claims about the moral law. The focal challenge is whether the skepticism of postmodern thinkers can be answered in a way that preserves knowledge claims about the good. Considering the failures of modern thinkers to correctly articulate reason and the good and how postmodern thinkers are responding to these failures, Anderson argues that there are identifiable patterns of thinking about what is good, some of which lead to false dichotomies. The book concludes with a consideration of how a moral law might look if the good is correctly identified"--Provided by publisher.
Gemeinwohl und Gesellschaftsordnung = The common good in our changing world
Western creed, Western identity : essays in legal and social philosophy
Rousseau and law
Civilisation and the growth of law; : a study of the relations between men's ideas about the universe and the institutions of law and government
Five essays in historical jurisprudence
In defense of natural law
Five days at Memorial : life and death in a storm-ravaged hospital
Natural law and the theory of society 1500 to 1800 : with a lecture on The ideas of natural law and humanity by Ernst Troeltsch
Routledge philosophy guidebook to Hobbes and Leviathan
Hegel's philosophy of right
Natural law : an introduction to legal philosophy
The revival of natural law : philosophical, theological and ethical responses to the Finnis-Grisez school
Reason and authority : a treatise on the dynamic paradigm of legal dogmatics
"Does God's existence make a difference to how we explain morality? Mark C. Murphy critiques the two dominant theistic accounts of morality--natural law theory and divine command theory--and presents a novel third view. He argues that we can value natural facts about humans and their good, while keeping God at the centre of our moral explanations. The characteristic methodology of theistic ethics is to proceed by asking whether there are features of moral norms that can be adequately explained only if we hold that such norms have some sort of theistic foundation. But this methodology, fruitful as it has been, is one-sided. God and Moral Law proceeds not from the side of the moral norms, so to speak, but from the God side of things: what sort of explanatory relationship should we expect between God and moral norms given the existence of the God of orthodox theism? Mark C. Murphy asks whether the conception of God in orthodox theism as an absolutely perfect being militates in favor of a particular view of the explanation of morality by appeal to theistic facts. He puts this methodology to work and shows that, surprisingly, natural law theory and divine command theory fail to offer the sort of explanation of morality that we would expect given the existence of the God of orthodox theism. Drawing on the discussion of a structurally similar problem--that of the relationship between God and the laws of nature--Murphy articulates his new account of the relationship between God and morality, one in which facts about God and facts about nature cooperate in the explanation of moral law."--Publisher's website.
The politics of jurisprudence
Natural right and Hegel : an essay in modern political philosophy
The development of naturalist legal theory
Politica methodice digesta of Johannes Althusius (Althaus)
Philosophy of law
Philosophy of law : an introduction
Inalienable rights : a defense
Natural rights theories : their origin and development
Roman law in the state of nature : the classical foundations of Hugo Grotius' natural law
The changing profile of the natural law
What is justice? : justice, law, and politics in the mirror of science : collected essays
St. Thomas Aquinas and the natural law tradition : contemporary perspectives
Montesquieu's science of politics : essays on the spirit of laws
Natural law in jurisprudence and politics
Post-modern law : enlightenment, revolution and the death of man
Abstract: J.V. Snellman as an interpreter of Hegelś Philosophy of right.
Men and women of the forest : livelihood strategies and conservation from a gender perspective in Ranomafana National Park, Madagascar
