http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10919 political art
political art
Race code : the artistic and design process of the media art installation
Art & today
Banksy : wall and piece : now with 10 % more crap
Mapping the terrain : new genre public art / edited by Suzanne Lacy
Situated contemporary art practices : art, theory and activism from (the east of) Europe / Marina Grzinic ; [editor-in-chief: Vojislav Likar]
Graphis social & political protest posters
The radical in performance : between Brecht and Baudrillard
Survey : America, modernism, fashion
An existing better world : notes on the bread and puppet theater
Literature and film in cold war south korea : freedom's frontier
"This book presents one of the first systematic assessments of aesthetic insights into world politics. It examines the nature of aesthetic approaches and outlines how they differ from traditional analysis of politics. The book explores the potential and limits of aesthetics through a series of case studies on language and poetics"--Provided by publisher.
Peter Schumann's Bread and puppet theatre. Vol. 1
Routledge drama anthology and sourcebook : from modernism to contemporary performance
The design of dissent
What is this nonsense? : on the political in visual art with basis in surrealism and pataphysics
Radical street performance : an international anthology
Syria speaks : art and culture from the frontline
My life in politics
Critical infections, cross and manifesto : critical art in Poland and its consequenses / Sebastian Chichocki
Ostalgia : New Museum, [New York, 14.7. - 25.9.2011] / editors: Jarrett Gregory, Sarah Valdez
Reinterpreting the past : traditionalist artistic trends in Central and Eastern Europe of the 1920s and 1930s
Photomontages of the nazi period
George Grosz : the years in America 1933-1959
Rude Britannia : British comic art
Chinese propaganda painting in the Mao Zedong Era and its contemporary impact
Images of revolution : graphic art from 1905 Russia
Codex Spero : Nancy Spero : selected writings and interwiews 1950-2008 / edited by Roel Arkesteijn
On creating revolutionary literature and art : speech to workers in the field of literature and art November 7, 1964
Black Panther : the revolutionary art of Emory Douglas
The monument : art and vulgarity in Saddam Hussein's Iraq
Art and revolution in Latin America 1910-1990
American poets against the war
Leaving art : writings on performance, politics, and publics, 1974-2007
Peter Schumann's Bread and puppet theatre. Vol. 2
Contemporary Asian art
Kunst til folket : riksutstillinger 50 år = Art to the people
The poster in history
Paper politics : socially engaged printmaking today
The politics of aesthetics : the distribution of the sensible / Jacques Rancière ; translated with an introduction by Gabriel Rockhill ; [with an afterword by Slavoj Zizek]
Art : 21 : art in the twenty-first century 4. Vol. 4
Off the wall : political posters of the Lebanese Civil War
A true daughter of the party : a revolutionary opera : libretto
Pastors on the new continent in socialist caricatures
The novel of nonel and vovel
Revisiting the Turkish migration to Germany after forty years
Guerrilla advertising 2 : more unconventional brand communications
Paths of resistance : the art and craft of the political novel
Contemporary art in Eastern Europe / edited by Phoebe Adler and Duncan McCorquodale
In the age of the internet, poster art is fading into history, but its importance as historical document remains valuable and enlightening. An inexpensive and efficient means of mass communication, the poster was used extensively by Communist regimes in order to maintain state control. This collection of 150 of the most outstanding works from a selection of more than 10,000 posters archived by the German Historical Museum features works that are both poignant and valid in light of current global politics. Although propaganda posters were used in a variety of communist countries, those that emanated from East Germany are unique in their subtlety and nuanced messages. Many posters appropriate American or Western European symbols and others used humour to get their point across. Grouped chronologically according to such themes as post-war years, the prospect of peace, denouncement of the West, and praise for Communist allies, these beautifully reproduced works provide a historical and cultural snapshot of East Germany during its entire history.
Susan Meiselas : in history : International Center of Photography, New York, September 19, 2008 - January 4, 2009 / edited by Kristen Lubben
Revolutionary beauty : the art of John Heartfield
DDR Posters : Ostdeutsche Propagandakunst = The Art of East German Propaganda
Fantastisk politikk : kunst i turbulente tider = Fantastic politics : art in times of crisis
Patriotic and political art 1898-1918 (The autonomous grand duchy) / Rolf Nummelin
Photomontage : a political weapon
Art & agenda : political art and activism
Dance and politics
Scandalous : a reader on art and ethics / Nina Möntmann (ed.) ; [with texts by Petra Bauer ... [et al.]]
Society, culture, and politics in Byzantium
Propaganda : truth and lies in times of conflict
Art for Obama  : designing manifest hope and the campaign for change
State composers and the red courtiers : music, ideology, and politics in the Soviet 1930s
American political fictions : war on errorism in contemporary American literature, culture, and politics
Felix Gmelin : the ageing revolution
Seeds of fire : Chinese voices of conscience
Legislative theatre : using performance to make politics
Do paintings bite? : selected texts 1948-1996 / Leon Golub ; [interview: Hans-Ulrich Obrist]
A cityscape of images : murals in Belfast
Gérard Fromanger : photogenic painting = la peinture photogénique / Gilles Deleuze & Michel Foucault ; [introduction: Adrian Rifkin ; series editor: Sarah Wilson]
Art and politics now / Anthony Downey
Visions and blueprints : avant-garde culture and radical politics in early twentieth-century Europe
"An accessible and richly illustrated exploration of how art and design have driven major social and political change in the 21st century. Features the work of over 200 artists, from the famous such as Ai Weiwei and Shepard Fairey, to the anonymous influencers working through social media. Richly illustrated with over 400 images, this is a visual guide to the most influential and highly politicised imagery of the digital age. Explores themes and issues such as popular uprisings (the Arab Spring, the London Riots) social activism (marriage equality), and environmental crises (Hurricane Katrina), as well as the recent Je Suis Charlie protests Global in outlook, it features exciting work from emerging economies such as Brazil, Russia, China and the Middle East, as well as the US and Europe. Complements Phaidon titles 'Graphic agitation' and 'Graphic agitation 2' by providing insight to the art and design shaping today's global political landscape"-- From publisher.
The attack by Eetu Isto
The sound of silence
William Kentridge
Propaganda prints : a history of art in the service of social and political change
The raw, the cooked and the packaged : the archive of perestroika art
Summary.
The Piscator experiment : the political theatre
Theatre as a weapon : worker's theatre in the Soviet Union, Germany and Britain, 1917-1934
Towards a theory of political art : cultural politics of 'Black Wave' film in Yugoslavia, 1963-1972
Posters of protest and revolution
Kalle Runeson : Bunker buster - the shelobs crib, [Henie Onstad Kunstsenter, 17.2. - 1.5.2005]
Scandalous : a reader on art and ethics
The theatre of Erwin Piscator : half a century of politics in the theatre
Traumfabrik Kommunismus : die visuelle Kultur der Stalinzeit = Dream factory communism : the visual culture of the Stalin era : [Schirn Kunsthalle, Frankfurt, 24.9.2003 - 4.1.2004] / herausgegeben von = edited by Boris Groys, Max Hollein
Raymond Pettibon : here's your irony back : political works 1975-2013
Let's get it on : the politics of black performance
Banksy's Bristol : home sweet home / the unofficial guide by Steve Wright
The shadow of the bomb : Mount Holyoke College Art Museum : University Gallery, University of Massachusetts at Amherst, April 1 - June 10, 1984 / essay by Sally Yard
Manuel Ocampo : Heridas de la lengua : selected works = [wounds of the tongue]
Politische Kunst? : 20 Jahre Texte zur Kunst = [Political Art? : 20 years of Texte zur Kunst]
The Situationist Times facsimile edition
Coloured political lithographs as Irish propaganda : warrior artists and the battle for home rule, 1879-1886
Long live the president! : portrait-cloths from Africa
Radical people's theatre
Common ground : German photographic cultures across the iron curtain
Windows on the war : Soviet Tass posters at home and abroad, 1941-1945
John Lennon & the FBI files
Negative space
A history of caricature
Political posters in Ethiopia and Mozambique : visual imagery in a revolutionary context / Berit Sahlström
Visual impact : creative dissent in the 21st century
Art and politics : a small history of art for social change since 1945
Black president : the art and legacy of  Fela Anikulapo-Kuti
Shows of force : power, politics, and ideology in art exhibitions
Colin Darke : a contribution to the critique of political economy
Barbara Kruger : desire exists where pleasure is absent : Kestnergesellschaft, Hannover, 1.September bis 5. November 2006 = September 1 - November 5, 2006 / herausgegeben von = edited by Veit Görner, Hilke Wagner und = and Frank Thorsten Moll
Realizing the impossible : art against authority
Aesthetics and world politics
