http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10981 bogs
bogs swamps mires marshes
Carbon cycling in boreal peatlands and climate change : proceedings of the international workshop Hyytiälä Forestry Station, Finland, 28 September - 1 October, 1992
Dynamics of mire ecosystems of northern Eurasia in Holocene : materials of International symposium, Petrozavodsk, 5-9 October, 1998
Successional changes in vegetation and carbon dynamics during boreal mire development
Ecosystem rescue : when protection is not enough
The amount of water in peat soil is one factor affecting its bearing capacity, which is a crucial aspect in planning peatland timber harvesting operations. We studied the influence of weather variables on the variation of drained peatland growing season water conditions, here the ground water table depth (WTD). WTD was manually monitored four times in 2014 and three times in 2015 in 10-30 sample plots located in four drained peatland forests in south-western Finland. For each peatland, precipitation and evapotranspiration were calculated from the records of the nearest Finnish Meteorological Institute field stations covering periods from one day to four weeks preceding the WTD monitoring date. A mixed linear model was constructed to investigate the impact of the weather parameters on WTD. Precipitation of the previous four-week period was the most important explanatory variable. The four-week evapotranspiration amount was interacting with the Julian day showing a greater effect in late summer. Other variables influencing WTD were stand volume within the three-metre radius sample plot and distance from nearest ditch. Our results show the potential of weather parameters, specifically that of the previous four-week precipitation and evapotranspiration, for predicting drained peatland water table depth variation and subsequently, the possibility to develop a more general empirical model to assist planning of harvesting operations on drained peatlands.
Mires on the map of Russia
The impact of powerful CEOs on corporate financial performance
Peat ash as a fertilizer on drained mires : effects on the growth and nutritional status of Scots pine
Restoration of ecosystem structure and function in boreal spruce swamp forests
Tiivistelmä / Abstract / Summary.
Future utilisation of peatlands : Symposium of the IPS, 22-24 August 2002, Bremen, Germany : abstracts
Peat extraction runoff water purification in treatment wetlands constructed on drained peatlands in a cold climate
General review on world peatland and peat resources
Multiannual hydrological responses in Scots pine radial growth within raised bogs in southern Sweden
Precipitation-induced runoff and leaching from milled peat mining mires by peat types : a comparative method for estimating the loading of water bodies during peat pruduction
Detailed map pf the Linkinaapa palsa mire, Utsjoki, Finland
Human influence on the vegetation of Katinhäntä bog, Vihti, S. Finland
Vascular plant and moss species across successional mire basins on the land uplift coast of Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland
Summary: Reuse of peatlands - what shall we do with the old peat production areas?.
Paludiculture - productive use of wet peatlands : climate protection - biodiversity - regional economic benefits
Peat-exploitation follow-up planning : report on geological research on peat and peat bogs
A handbook on the peat swamp flora of Peninsular Malaysia
Bogs of the Northeast
The nature guide to the Biebrza marshes : Poland
A case for wetland restoration
In this review I examine the geographical patterns of the Finnish mires and the role of regional and local factors that lead to their spatial differentiation. Finland can be divided into three roughly latitudinal mire zones (from south to north): the raised bog zone, the aapa mire zone, and the palsa mire zone. The development of the raised bogs is linked to the dominance of Sphagnum, leading to the growth of a thick peat layer that rises above the level of the mineral soil. The gross morphology of an aapa mire is typically inclined and concave. Here, Sphagnum species are less dominant, probably due to spring floods which keep the mire surface minerotrophic. Both raised bogs and aapa mires have typically regularly-patterned microtopography. Seasonal movements of microtopographical features of the aapa mires reflect the morphological dynamism of the mires. Mires are also important sources of information regarding past environmental changes. Their growth pattern is affected by environmental conditions and they respond sensitively to the changes in effective humidity and other climatic variables. Most of the present microtopographical patterns have formed during the last 3,000 years as a response to gradual cooling of climate. Research on Finnish peat deposits has shown, however, that not all peat-stratigraphical changes are caused by past climate variations. They can also be due to the natural growth dynamics of the mires, such as the long-term development towards drier conditions on the surface of the raised bogs, the rhythmic growth pattern of the low hummocks, and the local changes in water table resulting from growth of hummocks and hollows.
Peatlands in Turkey
Aquatic and wetland plants of southwestern United states
Peat resources of Iceland
Thinning intensity and growth of mixed spruce-birch stands on drained peatlands in Finland
Mapping of mires in Switzerland - starting point and results
Peat in other Asian countries
Measurement of evapotranspiration and computation of water budget in treeless peatlands in the natural state
Spatial growth model for Scots pine on drained peatland
The effects of drainage and restoration of pine mires on habitat structure, vegetation and ants
Bacterial nitrogen fixation in boreal mosses
Peatlands and their utilization in Finland
Aquatic and wetland plants of southestern United States. monocotyledon
A palaeoecological study of raised mires in the Humberhead Levels
Neuropsychological performance and functional MRI findings in children with non-lesional temporal lobe epilepsy
Implementation and management of performance improvement plans : emphasizing group and organizational interventions
Re-use of peat production areas : proceedings of the International Seminar, Oulu, Finland, 19-20 June 2000
Wetland environments : a global perspective
Waste management and the environment : collection of publications from the Department of Environmental Conservation
Diatom assemblages from Sphagnum bogs of the world. 1, Nur bog in northern Mongolia
Atlas of high conservation value areas, and analysis of gaps and representativeness of the protected area network in northwest Russia : Arkhangelsk, Vologda, Leningrad, and Murmansk Regions, Republic of Karelia, and City of St. Petersburg
Finnish peatlands and their utilization
Habitat loss and degradation are the main threats to biodiversity worldwide. For example, nearly 80% of peatlands in southern Finland have been drained. There is thus a need to safeguard the remaining pristine mires and to restore degraded ones. Ants play a pivotal role in many ecosystems and like many keystone plant species, shape ecosystem conditions for other biota. The effects of mire restoration and subsequent vegetation succession on ants, however, are poorly understood. We inventoried tree stands, vegetation, water-table level, and ants (with pitfall traps) in nine mires in southern Finland to explore differences in habitats, vegetation and ant assemblages among pristine, drained (30-40 years ago) and recently restored (1-3 years ago) pine mires. We expected that restoring the water-table level by ditch filling and reconstructing sparse tree stands by cuttings will recover mire vegetation and ants. We found predictable responses in habitat structure, floristic composition and ant assemblage structure both to drainage and restoration. However, for mire-specialist ants the results were variable and longer-term monitoring is needed to confirm the success of restoration since these social insects establish perennial colonies with long colony cycles. We conclude that restoring the water-table level and tree stand structure seem to recover the characteristic vegetation and ant assemblages in the short term. This recovery was likely enhanced because drained mires still had both acrotelm and catotelm, and connectedness was still reasonable for mire organisms to recolonize the restored mires either from local refugia or from populations of nearby mires..
Archaea, Bacteria, and methane production along environmental gradients in fens and bogs
Recycling of wood- and peat-ash – a successful way to establish full plant cover and dense birch stand on a cut-away peatland
Detailed map pf the Vaišjeäggi palsa mire, Utsjoki, Finland
Natural development of stand structure in peatland Scots pine following drainage : results based on long-term monitoring of permanent sample plots
Nitrogen and phosphorus stores in peatlands drained for forestry in Finland
Somerset's peatland archaeology : managing and investigating a fragile resource : the results of the Monuments at Risk in Somerset Peatlands (MARISP) Project
Inorganic and organic phosphorus fractions in peat from drained mires in northern Finland
True swamp : Choose your poison
Studies on vegetation and development of a peatland in Scania, South Sweden
Reclamation and cultivation of peat-bog soils
Soiden osuus maa-alasta = Distribution of mires in Finland
Principles of underdrainage design in the Belorussian SSR
Finland drug situation 2010 : new developments, trends and in-depth information on selected issues : 2010 national report to the EMCDDA
Novel roles for basement membrane collagens:isoform-specific functions of collagen XVIII in adipogenesis, fat deposition and eye development, and effects of the collagen IV-derived matricryptin arresten on oral carcinoma growth and invasion
Interactions between soil water conditions and forest stands in boreal forests with implications for ditch network maintenance
Post-harvest height growth of Norway spruce seedlings in northern Finland peatland forest canopy gaps and comparison to partial and complete canopy removals and plantations
The Nile : origin, environments, limnology and human use
Performance of weather parameters in predicting growing season water table depth variations on drained forested peatlands - a case study from southern Finland
To explore interactions between climate and peatland hydrology, Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) growing at four raised bogs in southern Sweden were subject to a dendroclimatological study. Radial tree growth reflecting climate and water table fluctuations over multiannual periods was detected as significant negative correlations between tree-ring width (TRW) chronologies and the preceding one to four years total precipitation or river discharge. Systematically stronger negative correlations were obtained when river discharge instead of precipitation was compared to radial tree growth. This indicates that river discharge reflect moisture variability of peat bogs better than what precipitation data does. Meanwhile, monthly precipitation and radial tree growth did not show any clear correlation, whereas spring and early summer temperatures had a positive influence on the tree growth. Our study shows that growth variability of bog pines in the Boreal zone reflect hydrological responses related to a synthesis of climate controlled moisture variability over several year periods.
ENHANCING JOB MOTIVATION TO IMPROVE EMPLOYEE PERFORMANCE. Case Study Company X.
Vegetation of Lishkmokh mire in Vodlozersky National Park, eastern Karelian republic, Russia
Vegetational and landscape level responses to water level fluctuations in Finnish, mid-boreal aapa mire - aro wetland environments
Suot : Suomi 1:1000000 = Myrar : Finland 1:1000000 = Mires : Finland 1:1000000
Diffusion GHG fluxes at tropical peatland drainage canal water surfaces
Wetland archaeology & environments : regional issues, global perspectives
Possible responses of northern peatlands to climate change in the zone of discontinuous permafrost, Manitoba, Canada
Fluxes of methane on boreal mires with different hydrology and fertility in Finland
Wetland ecology and management : case studies
Retention of phosphorus in peatland buffer zones at six forested catchments in southern Finland
Wetland and environmental applications of GIS
Radiocarbon determinations from the Bog profile of Lapaneva, Kihniö, Western Finland
Legal aspects of the conservation of wetlands : papers presented at an international conference held in Lyon, 23-26 September 1987 = Aspects juridiques de la protection des zones humides : communications présentées à la conférence internationale de Lyon, 23-26 septembre 1987
Physical and chemical properties of peat in Rwanda, Central Africa
Evaluating the performance of Finnish mutual funds using a conditional asset pricing approach
Mires : swamp, bog, fen and moor : general studies
Enduring records : the environmental and cultural heritage of wetlands
Carbon balance in mire ecosystems
Peatlands in Central and South America
Mires of Finland: Regional and local controls of vegetation, landforms, and long-term dynamics
Peat swamp forest of Thailand
Seed and spore banks of two boreal mires
Carbon exchange in Western Siberian watershed mires and implication for the greenhouse effect : a spatial temporal modeling approach
Peatland ecosystems : researches into the plant cover of Estonian bogs and their productivity
Patterns in Estonian bogs as depicted in color kite aerial photographs
Children's and adolescents' achievement strategies, school adjustment and family environment
Macroscale variation in peat element concentrations in drained boreal peatland forests
Roś́linność subfosylna na tle historii wysokich torfowisk mszarnych w pó́łnocno-wschodniej i ś́rodkowej Polsce oraz w Sudetach = subfossil vegetation in the light of history of sphagnum raised mires in the north-eastern and central Poland as well as in the Sudety Mountains
How to kill a monster
International symposium on peat/peatland characteristics and uses Bemidji State University May 16-20, 1989
Biomass and nutrient dynamics of scots pine on a drained ombrotrophic bog
Mires : swamp, bog, fen and moor : regional studies
Climatic sensitivity of hydrology and carbon exchanges in boreal peatland ecosystems, with implications on sustainable management of reed canary grass (Phalaris arundinacea, L.) on cutaway peatlands
Potential of kite aerial photography for peatland investigations with examples from Estonia = leijailmakuvausmenetelmän käyttömahdollisuudet soiden kartoituksessa - esimerkkejä Viron soilta
Institutional environment influence on international companies` performance : case studies of Finnish cleantech enterprises in Russia
Succession of mire vegetation was studied in mire basins providing uniform chronosequences on the land uplift coast of the Bothnian Bay. The research was performed from transects crossing mire basins with similar hydrology in order to highlight the occurrence on different mire species in catchment areas. Material from vegetation sample plots was used, central species for each altitude belt were presented. Also the differences between the mire basins on moraine and sand were handled. On the mires under 5 m asl, the vegetation is dominated by species typical for swamps and seashores. Most Sphagnum species spread to the mire basins very quickly after the disappearance of the brackish sea-water effect. Along with the Sphagna are spreading most species typical for the mature hummock, lawn and carpet levels. The occurring of rich fen species seems to be closely connected with the groundwater discharge pattern. The study areas are situated on the coast of northern Bothnian Bay, where the developed mire systems are dominated by aapa mires. The results are compared with those from the more southern zone of bogs. The main difference seems to be the larger coverage of Sphagnum mosses even on the wetter sites on the development of bogs.
The current state of mires in the raised bog zone of Finland
Eesti sood = Estonian mires = Estnische Moore
Responses of non-methane biogenic volatile organic compound emissions to climate change in boreal and subarctic ecosystems
Optimal practices in the afforestation of cutaway peatlands : how to successfully establish a forest resource on industrial cutaway peatlands
Impacts of different thinning regimes in the yield of uneven-structured Scots pine stands on drained peatland
Australia and New Zealand
Water quality of peatlands and man's influence on it
Rate of peat accumulation and its variability during the holocene
Barents tour for geotourists = Geomatkailijan Barentsin kierros = Barenc tur dlâ geoturistov = Rundtur i Barents for geoturisten
Fluxes of nitrous oxide on natural peatlands in Vuotos, an area projected for a hydroelectric reservoir in northern Finland
The ABC of gender equality in education : aptitude, behaviour, confidence
Cognitive and attributional strategies of American and Finnish young adults
Vodno-bolotnye ugod'â i puti migracii ptic v Barencevom / Evroarktičeskom regione i vdol' Zelenogo poâsa Fennoskandii = Wetlands and flyways in the Barents / Euro-arctic region and along Green belt of Fennoscandia : materialy Meždunarodnoj naučno-praktičeskoj konferencii, 13-15 sentâbrâ 2011 g., Murmansk, Rossiâ
Towards the understanding of the variety of mires and their conservation in different countries
Swamp thing. [Book 3] : The curse / Alan Moore.. [et al.]
Theoretical and practical aspects of increasing drained peatland lifetime
Proceedings of the International Symposium on the Hydrology of Wetlands in Temperate and Cold Regions, Joensuu, Finland 6-8 June, 1988. Vol 2.
Vascular plant species in planned mire conservation areas in southern and central Finland
Biogeography, landscapes, ecosystems and species of Zaonezhye Peninsula, in Lake Onega, Russian Karelia
Phosphorus allocation in surface soil of two drained peatland forests following wood and peat ash application : why effective adsorption on low sorptive soils?
Estimation of greenhouse gas balance for forestry-drained peatlands
Peatland restoration and ecosystem services : science, policy, and practice
Contributions to the study of peatlands influence on maximum flow
Towards climate-responsible peatlands management
The state of peatlands and the botanical value of protected mire sites in the raised bog zone of Finland
Classification of Sphagnum peatlands in Azores — cases from Terceira Island. (Tiivistelmä: Azorien rahkasuot - esimerkkinä Terceira-saaren suot
Mires as mirrors : petlands - hybrid landscapes of the North
Early 20th century Russian peat scientists as possible vectors for the establishment of Calluna vulgaris in Georgian Sphagnum bogs
Aquatic and wetland plants of southwestern United States. Vol.1
Diversity of water chemistry and vegetation of mires in the Kainuu region, middle boreal Finland
Carbon accumulation in mineral subsoil of mires
Strategy for responsible peatland management
Winter carbon losses from a boreal mire succession sequence follow summertime patterns in carbon dynamics
Swamp bones : a novella
Hidden in plain sight : how I sheltered a refugee
The biogeochemistry of submerged soils
Fen ecosystem carbon gas dynamics in changing hydrological conditions
Wetlands of Canada
Ranking lists and European Framework Programmes:  Does university status matter for performance in Framework Programmes?
Nutritional diagnosis of Norway spruce stands growing on drained peatlands using foliar analysis
Carbon dynamics and ecosystem diversity of Amazonian peatlands
The geobotanical development of spring-fed mires in Finnish Lapland
Role of above-ground biomass in carbon cycling in drained peatland ecosystems
Methane oxidation and methane fluxes in two drained peat soils
Performance Psychology : Perception, Action, Cognition, and Emotion
Dynamics of vegetation, nitrogen and carbon as indicators of the operation of peatland buffers
The botanical value of protected mires in the southern aapa mire area of Finland : Region variation and conservation of mire ecosystems
Estonian mires : inventory of habitats : publication of the project "Estonian mires inventory completion for maintaining biodiversity"
General review of North American peatlands (mires)
Waterlogged wealth - why waste the worlds wet places?
Summary.
Effect of growing density on biomass and stem volume growth of downy birch stands on peatland in Western and Northern Finland
What skills create rural village futures?
Restoring ecosystem structure and functions : results from Sphagnum peatlands degraded by forestry drainage
Recycling of wood- and peat-ash : a successful way to establish full plant cover and dense birch stand on a cut-away peatland
On explaining methane fluxes from weather, soil and vegetation data via the underlying processes
Characterisation of two unique unifloral honeys from the boreal coniferous zone : lingonberry and mire honeys
Swamp life
Irish peatland conservation plan 2000
Nursing plants in peatland restoration : on their potential use to alleviate frost heaving problems
Health-related quality of life in survivors of childhood acute lymphoblastic leukaemia
Change in cognitive performance and its predictors in general population and schizophrenia in early midlife:the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1966 Study
Microclimate and the soils of the central part of the Hämeenkangas interlobate complex in western Finland
Temporal and spatial variation of CO2, CH4 and N2O fluxes in a boreal minerotrophic pine fen
Peat in other European countries
Comparing regression estimation techniques when predicting diameter distributions of Scots pine on drained peatlands
Stand structural dynamics on pristine and managed boreal peatlands
Foliar nitrogen, phosphorus and potassium concentrations of Scots pine in drained mires in Finland
Canopy stratification in peatland forests in Finland
Peat in other African countries
Export of dissolved organic carbon, nitrogen and phosphorus following clear-cutting of three Norway spruce forest growing on drained peatlands in southern Finland
The aims of this study were to explore the mires (peatlands) in Terceira Island of Azores, invent their vegetation and ecology, and classify the mires to the ecological groups. In the field, totally 300 mires were identified and mapped, of which 58 were selected for the detailed analysis of this study. Physical, chemical, floristic, hydrological and geomorphologic data of the mires were collected in 1997-2004. The data were organized and analysed using ordination methods (CA). A detailed distribution map of the mires in the Island is presented. Three major mire site groups occurring in Azores were identified: (1) Basin mires; (2) Transition and raised mires and (3) Hillside and blanket mires. The profiles and the plant species of these site type groups are presented.
Mires as late Quaternary accumulation basins in Rwanda and Burundi, Central Africa
Estimating potassium nutrition of Norway spruce with needle analysis during different seasons
Tree stand development and carbon sequestration in drained peatland stands in Finland : a simulation study
The role of the structure of intraswamp basins for river runoff formation from swamps
Forested wetlands
Impacts of restoration of forestry-drained peatlands on nutrient and organic carbon exports and methane dynamics
Scenic splendor of China
Agricultural use of peatlands
Studies of unifloral honeys are rare in Finland, and thus there are no common traits accepted for their characterization. In our study lingonberry and mire were characterized. The physico-chemical, organoleptic and melissopalynological properties and phenolic composition of the honeys were analysed and the floral origin of the mire honey was considered. Lingonberry honey is reddish and has a flavour of toffee, whereas mire honey has very strong aroma and reddish colour. Both honeys have high electrical conductivity and pH when compared to Finnish polyfloral honeys. They are both rich in fructose, while the number of disaccharides in lingonberry honey is four and in mire honey six. Lingonberry honey has three unifloral specific phenolic compounds. Mire honey has no unifloral-specific phenolic compounds, and its floral origin is not clearly defined.
The effects of degree of disturbance and restoration on within community homogenization
Peat bogs of Polesie
Studies of mire ecosystems of Fennoscandia : materials of the Soviet-Finnnish symposium, 28-31 May 1990.
The botanical value of the protected mire sites in the bog and southern aapa mire zones of Finland
Boreal peatland ecosystems
Mire plants and carbon dioxide dynamics under increased tropospheric ozone concentration and UV-B radiation
Although carbon (C) gas exchange during the summer largely determines the annual C balance of mires, the wintertime fluxes cannot be ignored. Decomposition continues as long as the soil is not frozen and a proportion of the gases produced during summer are also released during winter. We measured carbon dioxide (CO2) and methane (CH4) fluxes along a successional mire sequence during two winters following growing seasons with divergent weather conditions. We studied the successional trends in wintertime C release in boreal mires, and quantified the contribution of wintertime C fluxes to annual fluxes. Wintertime CO2 and CH4 fluxes from the successional mire sequence were related to the flux rates during the previous summer. Average winter CO2 release along the successional sequence varied between 19.5 and 44.9 g CO2-C m-2 winter-1(6-months), and accounted for 8-14% of the annual CO2 release. There was no clear successional trend in CO2 fluxes. Average winter CH4 release along the successional sequence varied between 0.20 and 7.29 CH4-C g m-2 winter-1 (6-months).The winter CH4 fluxes accounted for up to 38% of the annual CH4 emissions. Occasional CH4 uptake was detected at the younger successional stages during winter following the dry summer, while after the wet summer all sites emitted CH4. In general, most of the winter C losses were composed of CO2..
The winemaker's marsh : four sesons in a restored wetland
The swamp
For learning more about peat and mires
Linking demography with dispersal and habitat selection for species conservation
Water balance of drained peatlands on the basis of water table simulation during the snowless period = Ojitettujen soiden vesitaseen arvioiminen lumettomana aikana pohjavesipinnan simulointimallin avulla
Anthropogenic disturbance favors regional generalists over specialists
Demography of Carex rostrata in a boreal mesotrophic fen : shoot dynamics and biomass development
Proceedings of the International Symposium on the Hydrology of Wetlands in Temperate and Cold Regions, Joensuu, Finland 6-8 June, 1988. Vol. 1
Paleolimnology and hydroseral development of the Kotasuo bog, Southern Finland, with special reference to the Cladocera
Some future problems of peat bog investigation in Canada
Properties, geomorphology and classification of peatlands
The effects of drainage on the hydrology of a peat bog
The peat bogs in Tierra del Fuego, Argentina
Hydrophysics of bogs
Origin and development of a peatland near Prince Rupert, British Columbia
Heavy metals in the environment : using wetlands for their removal
Effect of nitrogen fertilization, grass species and cultivar on sod production on Valkeasuo peat bog - a case study
Swamp thing. [Book 1] : Saga of the Swamp thing / Alan Moore, Steve Bissette, John Totleben
The moorlands of England and Wales : an environmental history 8000 BC- AD 2000
British plant communities. 4, Aquatic communities, swamps and tall-herb fens
The botanical value of the mire conservation areas in the raised bog zone of Finland
Utilization of electrocoagulation for water and wastewater treatment and nutrient recovery:techno-economic studies
Contrasting effects of season and method of harvest on soil properties and the growth of black spruce regeneration in the boreal forested peatlands of eastern Canada
Wetlands of the Hudson Bay Lowland : an owerview
Patterns in polygon mires in northeastern Yakutia, Siberia : The Role of Vegetation and Water
At sites with either peat or mineral soils in large areas of boreal forests, high soil-water contents hamper tree growth and drainage can significantly increase growth. Hence, areas covering about 15 × 106 ha of northern peatlands and wet mineral soils have been drained for forestry purposes. Usually ditches gradually deteriorate, thus reducing their functionality as drains, and ditch-network maintenance (DNM) might be needed to maintain stand growth rates enabled by the original ditching. This article reviews current knowledge on establishing the need for DNM in boreal forest stands, subsequent growth responses, and the financial outcome of the activity. The issues covered in the review are: (i) ditching, changes in ditches over time and the need for DNM; (ii) interactions between soil water and both stand properties and stand management; (iii) ground-water level (GWL) and tree growth responses to DNM; and (iv) financial viability of DNM. Conclusions about the current understanding of issues related to DNM are drawn and implications for DNM in practice are summarized. Finally, gaps in knowledge are identified and research needs are suggested.
CH4 emissions from a West Siberian mire
Peatlands : evolution and records of environmental and climate changes
