http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10978 genetic research
genetic research
Genetics and insurance
Genes and the environment
Generation of cDNA libraries : methods and protocols
Functional analysis of the α10β1 integrin
The Britannica guide to genetics : the most exciting developments in life science : from Mendel to the human genome project
Red cell phosphoglucomutase polymorphism in Finland-Swedes, Finns, Finnish Lapps, Maris (Cheremisses) and Greenland Eskimos, and segregation studies of PGMö1 types in Lapp families
Regulation of murine hepatic Cytochrome P450 2a5 expression by transcription factor Nuclear factor (erythroid-derived 2)-like 2
Classification and computational methods in gene expression data analysis
Adenosine deaminase polymorphism in Finland (Swedes, Finns, and Lapps), the Mari republic (Cheremisses), and Greenland (Eskimos)
Handling the diversity of human genomic data
Genetic information : acquisition, access, and control
DNA copy number changes and gene expression profiling in squamous cell lung cancer and malignant mesothelioma
Legal limitations of genetic research and its commercialisation : national report for the XVIIth Congress of The International Academy of Comparative Law
Life script : how the human genome discoveries will transform medicine and enhance health
The common thread : a story of science, politics, ethics and the human genome
Technology, society, environment. 2/2002, On the embodied nature of action
Genetics of cardiovascular disease : a candidate gene study of USF1
FAO/IAEA Mutant Variety Database : MVD
Basic questions on genetics, stem cell research and cloning : are these technologies okay to use?
TOPBP1, CLSPN and PALB2 genes in familial breast cancer susceptibility
Summary.
Laminin : primary structure of the human laminin B2 chain, structure and regulation of the gene and initial characterization of the 5' flanking region of a novel B chain gene
Analyses of kidney organogenesis through in vitro and in vivo approaches : generation of conditional Wnt4 mouse models and a method for applying inducible Cre-recombination for kidney organ culture
The effect of ectopic catalase expression in the mitochondria on cleft thorax in Drosophila melanogaster
The regulation of genetic research and the commercialisation of its results in Finland
Root genetics research of Arabidopsis thaliana : development of xylem in vasculature
Genetics of skeletal muscle characteristics and maximal walking speed among older female twins
Genetic governance : health, risk and ethics in a biotech era
Molecular cloning of the NFIL3 and GATA3 coding fragments to the pBluescriptRN3P plasmid vector / Elina Arojoki
Bioinformatic identification of genomic alterations in breast cancer
The past hidden in our genes : combining archaeological and genetic methodology : prehistoric population bottlenecks in Finland
Search for susceptibility genes in schizophrenia
The search for jaundiced genes
Biotechnology & genetic engineering reviews. 21
Understanding the genome
Gene mapping for type 1 diabetes using a high density genotyping array platform
The gene illusion : genetic research in psychiatry and psychology under the microscope
Genetic consequences of directional selection in Arabidopsis lyrata
Genes and morality : New essays
Detection of bovine foetal DNA from amniotic fluid using the polymerase chain reaction
The limits and lies of human genetic research : dangers for social policy
Ethical issues in the new genetics : are genes us?
Genetic background of HDL-cholesterol and atherosclerosis:linkage and case-control studies in the Northern Finnish population
Promises of healthier future : medical genetics on Finnish television news 1987-2000
Inheritance
The new genetics and the public's health
Simulation techniques for disease gene localization in isolated populations
Life's greatest secret : the race to crack the genetic code
Genetic background of spontaneous preterm birth and lung diseases in preterm infants:studies of potential susceptibility genes and polymorphisms
Regulation of murine hepatic <em>Cytochrome P450 2a5</em> expression by transcription factor Nuclear factor (erythroid-derived 2)-like 2
The language of God : a scientist presents evidence for belief
The gene : an intimate history
Genetic marker systems in arctic populations. 2 : Polymorphism of C3 in Finnish Lapps
Summary in Swedish.
Genetic and life course determinants of cardiovascular risk factors:structural equation modelling of complex relations
T helper cells play a profound role in the adaptive immune response. Depending on the antigen, cytokine environment and co-stimulatory signals naїve T helper cells differentiate into distinct subsets, including Th1, Th2, and Th17 cells. These subsets have their own specific tasks and disturbances in their balance can lead to disorders in the immune system, such as autoimmune diseases, allergies and asthma. Dissecting the molecular mechanisms of Th cell differentiation is crucial for understanding the pathogenesis of immune-mediated disorders. Such knowledge may lead to better ways of diagnosing and providing therapies for these diseases.  This thesis study is part of a larger research project of the Molecular Immunology Group and was carried out at the Turku Centre for Biotechnology during April and May 2010. The original goal of this study was to test a novel method, called mRNA transfection, in studying Th cells. However, the time reserved for this project was too short and therefore the aims of the study were changed and only a part of the original project was performed. The aim of this study was to generate plasmid constructs of four variants of the NFIL3 coding fragment (FLAG-DN-NFIL3, FLAG-NFIL3, DN-NFIL3, NFIL3) by cloning them to the pBluescriptRN3P plasmid vector. Also a construct of the GATA3 coding fragment and pBluescriptRN3P plasmid vector was generated to be used as a control in further functional studies. In addition, the correct constructs were to be linearized for further studies. The goal was to provide useful tools to help the research of Th cells. In this study basic methods of molecular biotechnology, such as DNA digestion, ligation, bacterial transformation and polymerase chain reaction, were used. During this study substantial, unexpected and time consuming problems occurred, which is somewhat typical of scientific research. Due to the faced challenges the original goals were not fully reached. Nevertheless, as a result three out of the five constructs were correctly generated and they can be utilized in further studies.
Genetically modified crops : assessing safety
Genome : the story of the most astonishing scientific adventure of our time - the attempt to map all the genes in the human body
Evolution and ecology of AhR genes in Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar L.)
Candidate gene studies on body size, type 2 diabetes and related metabolic traits : genetics of ADRA2B, ADIPOQ, ADIPOR1 and ADIPOR2 in the DPS study population
Public participation in technology assessment in France
The least likely man : Marshall Nirenberg and the discovery of the genetic code
Oral lichen planus – etiopathogenesis and management
Safety of VEGF gene therapy in cardiovascular diseases
Use of PCR in the diagnostics of bacterial and fungal infections
The future of human nature
Selection and genetic diversity in the major histocompatibility complex genes of wolves and dogs
The Drosophila JNK signaling pathway regulates epithelial cell shape changes during the process of dorsal closure in embryogenesis. Due to mutations in the JNK signaling pathway, the elongation process in the lateral and leading edge cells is disrupted.  Severe morphological defects, including cleft thorax, on the thorax occur in the mutated adult flies. The purpose of this thesis was to study the effect of mitochondrial catalase (mtCAT) on cleft thorax in Drosophila melanogaster. The primary goal was to find out whether the effect of mtCAT can mimic the effect of AOX in terms of rescuing the cleft thorax phenotype. The research method was based on the crossing of flies that carries UAS promoter linked with the GAL4-pnrMD237 with the flies containing RNAi constructs against JNK signaling pathway genes. The results showed that mtCAT can mimic AOX effect on cleft thorax when some of the JNK pathway genes are silenced in the dorsal epithelium. A minor mtCAT rescue effect on the dorsal midline was found after hep knockdown and major rescue after jun knockdown. Similar rescue effect was not observed in kay and msn knockdown. Subsequent research is required to clarify the role of mtCAT in rescue.
Hereditary predisposition to breast cancer : with a focus on AATF, MRG15, PALB2, and three Fanconi anaemia genes
Role of Wnt4 signaling in mammalian sex determination, ovariogenesis and female sex duct differentiation
Bioinformatic approaches for integration of genomic information
Demographic studies on the Inari Lapps in Finland
Bioethics
Genetic and functional studies of genes involved in the pathogenesis of Alzheimer's disease
Genomics : essential methods
Recurrent duplication and deletion polymorphisms on the long arm of the Y chromosome in normal males
A practical guide to human cancer genetics
Comparison of the cost of antidepressants in a prostate cancer screening trial population
Genetic polymorphisms in Finno-Ugrian populations : Finns, Lapps and Maris
Opening the book of life : politics of metaphors and the human genome
Human genome diversity : a project
Genetic information, rights, and autonomy
Developmental expression of transcription factors : studies on Fox proteins FoxF1, FoxF2 and FoxE3, BHLH-PAS proteins Arnt and Arnt2 and Novel Arnt-Interacting Protein Tacc3
The global human genome programme
The missing gene : psychiatry, heredity, and the fruitless search for genes
Classical genetic research and its legacy : the mapping cultures of twentieth-century genetics
European values in bioethics : why, what, and how to be used?
Advances in genetics
The past hidden in our genes : combining archaeological and genetic methodology: prehistoric population bottlenecks in Finland
Becker's world of the cell
Liposome nanoparticles for targeted drug delivery, gene delivery and magnetic imaging
Defenders of the truth : the sociobiology debate
Introduction to genetic analysis
Genetics
Changing human nature : ecology, ethics, genes, and God
Demographic studies on the Inari Lapps in Finland with special reference to their genealogy
Calculating life. : nation, nature, and the nativisation of nonhuman genetics
Improved methodology and potential clinical applications of comparative genomic hybridization
Identification of biomarkers for type 2 diabetes
Francis Crick : Discoverer of the genetic code
Redesigning humans : choosing our children's genes
Mechanisms of cardiac chamber-specific gene expression of natriuretic peptides
Novel tumor suppressor gene candidates in experimental endometrial carcinoma : from cytogenetic to molecular analysis
Genetic, epidemiological and cell culture studies on human resistin
Junk DNA : a journey through the dark matter of the genome
Histological characteristics and gene expression profiling of Dupuytren's disease
Human genetics : the basics
My beautiful genome : explosing our genetic future, one quirk at a time
A magnificent history of the gene and a response to the defining question of the future: What becomes of being human when we learn to "read" and "write" our own genetic information? Siddhartha Mukherjee has a written a biography of the gene as deft, brilliant, and illuminating as his extraordinarily successful biography of cancer. Weaving science, social history, and personal narrative to tell us the story of one of the most important conceptual breakthroughs of modern times, Mukherjee animates the quest to understand human heredity and its surprising influence on our lives, personalities, identities, fates, and choices.
The spectrum of the phenotypes in the C9ORF72 expansion carriers : insights at the interface between neurology and psychiatry
Creation : the origin of life ; Creation : the future of life
Attitudes towards biomedical use of tissue sample collections, consent, and biobanks among Finns
Dupuytren's disease is a Caucasian male-dominant disease that affects the palmar fascia. Incidence grows with age, but persons with strong diathesis seem to develop the disease at an earlier age than the majority of the diseased. Myofibroblasts are histopathologically the main cell type in DD tissue. Despite scientific research, the aetiology of the disease is still unrevealed. Only genetic susceptibility is generally accepted as predisposing to DD. Available treatment has thus far been unsatisfactory, because only symptoms can be cured to date.The disease recurs. With genetic susceptibility the recurrence rates are high (even up to 70%) and the time to recurrence is inevitably shorter. This behaviour is considered the aggressive type of DD. To be able to predict the behaviour of DD, whether it is an aggressive or conventional type, twenty-one Dupuytren samples were gathered and compared with five controls by means of immunohistochemical stainings. It was found that cellularity was better expresented in aggressive and recurred samples. Alfa-SMA and Ki-67 showed more activity in the aggressive tissue type of DD. Tenascin was vaguely expressed in aggressive-type samples.To compare the gene and protein expressions and to obtain a more profound understanding of the disease, a microarray technique was used. With a microarray it is possible to compare nucleotide pair hybridisations to resolve the genome of the tissues. In this study RT-PCR was used to examine mRNA levels to determine gene expression changes. Twelve DD palmar fascia samples were compared with three healthy control samples. Both myoglobin and ROR2, which we considered as the most valuable results, were found in the DD samples. ROR2 acts as a receptor or co-receptor for the Wnt system. The Wnt signalling pathway transfers signals from outside of the cell through cell surface receptors, and plays a significant role in proliferation processes such as in fibrotic conditions. To evaluate a possible chromosomal imbalance behind the aetiology of the disease, eighteen DD palmar fascia samples were compared with two reference samples. However, we were not able to detect any chromosomal imbalance in the DD samples. The method used was Oligonucleotide aCGH Agilent's 60-mer oligonucleotide-based microarray according to the manufacturer's instructions, which can reveal gains and losses of approximately 35 kilobases in the whole genome. The result does not exclude copy number changes entirely; a small presence of aberrant cells will not be detected if the change is less than 50%.In conclusion, we revealed elements in DD tissue that would enable us to predict the nature of the disease; whether the disease is aggressive with a stronger tendency to recur. Histological differences could be detected, and this can be used to benefit patients. As a new element, ROR2 was discovered in DD tissue. The genome-wide analysis with the 44K oligonucleotide-based array method revealed no changes of DNA number sequences.
Biotechnology, genetic information, and community : from individual rigths to social duties?
