http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10960 hallucinations
hallucinations
Optical illusions. S. Tolansky
Tripping : an anthology of true-life psychedelic adventures
Domu : The dreams of children
Perception, hallucination, and illusion
The Moons At Your Door collects over 30 tales, both familiar and unknown from  Robert Aickman, Algernon Blackwood, DK Broster, AM Burrage, RW Chambers, Aleister Crowley, Elizabeth Gaskell, WW Jacobs, MR James, LA Lewis, Thomas Ligotti, Arthur Machen, Guy de Maupassant, Perrault, Thomas De Quincey, Saki, Count Stenbock and HR Wakefield. The volume also includes extracts and translations by the author from Babylonian, Coptic and Biblical texts alongside poems and fairy tales.
Hallucinations
The voices within : the history and science of how we talk to ourselves
Know your mind  : everyday emotional and psychological problems and how to overcome them
The psychology of religious mysticism
Atmospherics
Know your mind : everyday emotional and psychological problems and how to overcome them
Pathologies of belief
The book collector
Cuckoo song
Perspective and other optical illusions
Delusions and other irrational beliefs
Neural substrates of an ongoing musical experience
Unknown soldier. Vol. 1 : Haunted house
Unknown soldier. [Vol. 4] : Beautiful world
Hallucinogens and shamanism
Children hearing voices : what you need to know and what you can do
Empire V : the Prince of Hamlet
Illusionology : the secret science of magic
Beyond the body : an investigation of out-of-the-body experiences
Rationality and compulsion : applying action theory to psychiatry
Ayahuasca visions : the religious iconography of a Peruvian shaman
The moons at your door
Through a speculum that shines : vision and imagination in medieval Jewish mysticism
The devil's tomb
Delirium in old patients with femoral neck fracture : risk factors, outcome, prevention and treatment
The science of illusions
Drama, psychotherapy and psychosis : dramatherapy and psychodrama with people who hear voices
Phenomenology of delirium : DSM-IV compared with previous diagnostic classifications
Unknown soldier. Vol. 3 : Dry season
The magic of M. C. Escher
Mind sights : original visual illusions, ambiguities and other anomalies, with a commentary on ..
Looking askance : skepticism and American art from Eakins to Duchamp
The doors of perception and Heaven and hell
The cosmic serpent : DNA and the origins of knowledge
Blindspots : the many ways we cannot see
Illusion in nature and art
Tihkal : the continuation
Fear and loathing in Las Vegas
The Teachings of Don Juan: a Yaqui way of knowledge
Invisible guests : the development of imaginal dialogues
Hearing voices : embodiment and experience
Unknown soldier. Vol. 2 : Easy kill
Private terror/public life : psychosis and the politics of community
Impossible worlds : 2 in 1: adventures with impossible objects: optical illusions
Eye and brain : the psychology of seeing
Hallucinations : the science of idiosyncratic perception
The museum of illusions : optical tricks in art
Bright colors falsely seen : synaesthesia and the search for transcendental knowledge
Gnosis : an esoteric tradition of mystical visions and unions
Laulava salapoliisi : The singing detective
Optical illusions : the science of visual perception
Lectures on psychical research
Optical illusions and the visual arts
Narrative conventions in hallucinatory narratives
Peyote hunt : the sacred journey of the Huichol indians
The grammar of psychosis
How to use your eyes
The Nao of Brown
A fool, free
The Voices
The neurological boundaries of reality
Voices of reason, voices of insanity : studies of verbal hallucinations
F.E.A.R. files : complete stand-alone expansion pack series : Xbox 360
Bread of dreams : food and fantasy in early modern Europe
The congress
Roman thought he'd found the perfect opportunity to rebel. He may have been wrong. He awakens strapped to a set of parallel bars in a richly appointed sitting room, and begins a conversation with a masked man which will change his life. His world has been a facade - one which the mysterious Brahma is about to tear away. A stunning novel about the real world, and about the hidden chanels of power behind the scenes, EMPIRE V is a post-modern satirical novel exploring the cults and corruption of politics, banking and power. And not only are these cults difficult to join - it turns out they may be impossible to leave ...
Laulava salapoliisi = The singing detective
Datura, or, A delusion we all see
