http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10963 visions (hallucinations)
visions (hallucinations)
Tempted : a house of night novel
Dreams and scripture in Luke-Acts : collected essays
The revelations of St Birgitta : a study and edition of the Birgittine-Norwegian texts, Swedish National Archives, E8092
The sun trail
Medjugorje : religion, politics, and violence in rural Bosnia
Dreams & visions in the world of Islam : a history of Muslim dreaming and foreknowing
Mechthild of Magdeburg : selections from The flowing light of the Godhead translated from the Middle High German with introduction, notes, and interpretive essay
Portals of power : shamanism in South America
Miraculous images of our Lord : famous Catholic statues, portraits and crucifixes
The time of contempt
"Throughout his career, Obeyesekere has combined psychoanalysis and anthropology to illuminate the relationship between personal symbolism and religious experience. In this book, he begins with Buddha's visionary trances wherein, over the course of four hours, he witnesses hundreds of thousands of his past births and eons of world evolution, renewal, and disappearance. He then connects this fracturing of empirical and visionary time to the realm of space, considering the experience of a female Christian penitent, who stares devotedly at a tiny crucifix only to see the space around it expand to mirror Christ's suffering. Obeyesekere follows the unconscious motivations underlying rapture, the fantastical consumption of Christ's body and blood, and body mutilation and levitation, bridging medieval Catholicism and the movements of early modern thought as reflected in William Blake's artistic visions and poetic dreams. He develops the term 'dream-ego' through a discussion of visionary journeys, Carl Jung's and Sigmund Freud's scientific dreaming, and the cosmic and erotic dream-visions of New Age virtuosos, and he defines the parameters of a visionary mode of knowledge that provides a more elastic understanding of truth. A career-culminating work, this volume translates the epistemology of Hindu and Buddhist thinkers for western audiences while revitalizing western philosophical and scientific inquiry."--Jacket.
Alone of all her sex : the myth and cult of the Virgin Mary
Saint Bride and her book : Birgitta of Sweden's Revelations
The psychology of religious mysticism
Made for you
Knock : the Virgin's apparition in nineteenth-century Ireland
The revelations of St. Birgitta of Sweden. Vol. 1, Liber caelestis, Books I-III
Negotiating Marian apparitions : the politics of religion in transcarpathian Ukraine
The rich corpus of medieval Greek apocryphal religious literature has been little used by historians. This 2007 book was the first full-length study of two medieval Greek visionary journeys to heaven and hell: the Apocalypse of the Theotokos and the Apocalypse of Anastasia. Composed anonymously sometime between the ninth and eleventh centuries, both enjoyed a lively circulation in the Byzantine Empire and far beyond. Functioning on the fringes of the official Church, they transmit both traditional and novel theological ideas, and shed light on the reception of Church doctrine and imperial governance by ordinary Byzantine Christians. Though their heroines tour the Other World, their true concern is this world, and the reinforcement of social, moral, and ritual norms within local communities. Providing an original translation of both texts, the book probes the tales as manifestations of non-elite religious and moral culture in the medieval Orthodox Church.
Mystery and the making of a Christian historical consciousness : from Paul to the second century
Round trips to heaven : otherworldly travelers in early Judaism and Christianity
Innovation in religious traditions : essays in the interpretation of religious change
Perspective and other optical illusions
Luca, son of the morning
Revelation : Claremont Studies in Philosophy of Religion, Conference 2012
One red shoe
God's words, women's voices : the discernment of spirits in the writing of late-medieval women visionaries
Marpingen : apparitions of the Virgin Mary in Bismarckian Germany
Hallucinogens and shamanism
Methods and systems for vision-based proactive applications
Encountering Mary : visions of Mary from La Salette to Medjugorje
The beginner's goodbye : a novel
The awaited miracle : reflections on Marian apparitions in Garabandal, Spain
The combat myth in the Book of Revelation
Brighton, 1938: Grace Kemp is pushed away by the family she has shamed. Rejected and afraid, she begins a new life as a nurse. But danger stalks the hospital too, and she'll need to be on her guard to avoid falling into familiar traps. And then there are the things she sees...Strange portents that have a way of becoming real. Eighty years later, Mina Morgan is brought to the same hospital after a near-fatal car crash. She is in terrible pain but recalls nothing. She's not even sure whom to trust. Mina too sees things that others cannot, but now, in hospital, her visions are clearer than ever...Two women, separated by decades, are drawn together by a shared space and a common need to salvage their lives.
Julian of Norwich : the showings : a contemporary translation
Listening for Lucca
The prophet of Yonwood
Apparitions, icons, and photos : a study of modern Coptic visions of the Holy World
Beyond the body : an investigation of out-of-the-body experiences
The vegetarian : a novel
Surprised by the voice of God : how God speaks today through prophecies, dreams, and visions
Julian's gospel : illuminating the life & revelations of Julian of Norwich
Through a speculum that shines : vision and imagination in medieval Jewish mysticism
The devil's tomb
Transition rites : cosmic, social and individual order : proceedings of the Finnish-Swedish-Italian seminar held at the University of Rome "La Sapienza", 24th-28th March 1984 = I riti di passaggio : ordine cosmico, sociale, individuale : atti del seminario italo-finno-svedese tenuto all'Università di Roma "La Sapienza", 24-28 marzo 1984
Apparitions in late medieval and Renaissance Spain
The perilous sea
Glosing in sublunary darkness? : on the "material vision" in Dante's and Paul de Mans cosmos
The sacred history : how angels, mystics and higher intelligence made our world
Julian of Norwich, a medieval English mystic who spent the latter part of her life as an enclosed anchoress, is largely known through her extraordinary Revelations, one of the most popular and influential works of Christian mysticism. It was also the first book ever written by a woman in the English language. But until now, the woman herself was an elusive figure. In this fascinating work, Veronica Mary Rolf has offered a convincing reconstruction of Julian s life, along with a comprehensive commentary on her Revelations rendered here in a new translation from the Middle English.
African folklore
When gods were men : the embodied god in Biblical and Near Eastern literature
In a small southern town with a secret world hidden in plain sight, sixteen-year-old Lena, who possesses supernatural powers and faces a life-altering decision, draws away from her true love, Ethan, a mortal with frightening visions.
Tales from another Byzantium : celestial journey and local community in the Medieval Greek apocrypha
Contemplation of the holy mysteries and the rising of the divine lights : Mashāhid al-asrār al-qudsiyya wa maṭāli al-anwār al-ilahiyya
Peter of Cornwall's Book of revelations
The discernment of spirits : assessing visions and visionaries in the late Middle Ages
Revelationes factae cuidam post mortem regis Christofori
The beginner's goodbye
The revelations of Saint Birgitta
Hallucinations, or, The rational history of apparitions, visions, dreams, ecstasy, magnetism, and somnambulism
More than sorrow : a mystery
The doors of perception and Heaven and hell
The ghost riders of Ordebec
Perfect lies
And I turned to see the voice : the rhetoric of vision in the New Testament
The black tower : an Adam Dalgliesh mystery
Books under suspicion : censorship and tolerance of revelatory writing in late medieval England
Still, the small voice : narrative, personal revelation, and the Mormon folk tradition
Kafka on the shore
The museum of illusions : optical tricks in art
Apparitions of God-Mother in the world
If he's wicked
Time of contempt
The diviner's tale
This unique study of the cult of the Virgin Mary offers a way of thinking about the interrelations of Catholicism and ideas of ideal femininity over the longue duree. An ambitious history of the changing symbolism of the Mother of God, Alone of All Her Sex holds up to the light different emphases occurring at different times, and highlights that the apparent archetype of a magna mater is constantly in play with social and historical conditions and values. Marina Warner's interesting perspective was forged in the aftermath of significant postwar developments in history, anthropology, and feminism and the book inspired fierce debates when it was first published in 1976. Alone of All Her Sex is also an emotive, personal statement, arising from Warner's own upbringing as a Catholic. It picks up on classic accounts such as Mary MacCarthy's Memoirs of a Catholic Girlhood and Antonia White's Frost in May, as well as the author's own experiences at a Catholic boarding school. Highly controversial in conservative quarters, the book's arguments were welcomed and recognised by many readers who shared Warner's experiences. In this new edition, Marina Warner has written a new preface which reviews the book in the light of the current debate about secularism, faith, nations, and social identities. She takes issue with her original mistaken conclusion that the modern age would see the cult of Mary fade away and revises it in the light of recent popes' enthusiasm for the Mother of God, a fresh wave of visions and revelations, a new generation of female saints, and the reorientation of theological approaches to the woman question.
The revelations of St. Birgitta of Sweden. Vol. 2, Liber caelestis, books IV-V
Gnosis : an esoteric tradition of mystical visions and unions
The awakened ones : phenomenology of visionary experience
St. Birgitta of Sweden was one of the most charismatic and influential female visionaries of the later Middle Ages. Her revelations influenced the spiritual lives of many individuals including Martin Luther. Interest in Birgitta has grown recently and she is now admired as a powerful voice and prophet of reform.
The black tower
Hallowed
Patterns of epiphany : from Wordsworth to Tolstoy, Pater, and Barrett Browning
Otherworld journeys : accounts of near-death experience in medieval and modern times
Protected by angels : magical true stories of angelic intervention
The anthropological character of theology : conditioning theological understanding
The water is warm ... but can you be in too deep? Luca loves reggae, hates his parents' rum habit, and wishes his dad could get a proper job. He also loves Gaby (though he'd never admit it to her face) so upsetting her is enough to push him into a dark place. Retreating to the local beach, as he always does when he can't sleep, watching the waves gives his life some sort of rhythm. One night, as he lets the tide lull him, a group of figures emerge from the water and walk past him, unseeing. Spellbound by these impossible sea-men, Luca holds nightly vigils at the beach. Until one night the sailors beckon him to follow them back into the sea. For fans of Mark Haddon and Neil Gaiman, Luca, Son of the Morning is a haunting book about imagination, delusion and the grey places in between.
Jesus Christ message to all nations
Julian of Norwich and the mystical body politic of Christ
Untamed : a house of night novel
The world according to Anna
Voice of God
The Siberian shaman's technique of ecstasy
Hollowstone
The afterlife is real : true stories of people who have glimpsed life after death
Revelations of women mystics : from the Middle Ages to modern times
The Internet and the Madonna : religious visionary experience on the Web
Revelation is a central category in many religions. Judaism, Christianity, Islam, Mormonism or Unificationists are difficult if not impossible to imagine without it. For some, revelation signifies a decisive event in the past, for others it is a present reality. It plays a central role in shaping religious identities, and it is the reason for much criticism. Some follow a religion only because of its claim to divine revelation, whereas others criticize it as "hearsay upon hearsay” (Paine) on which they would never rest their belief. Some religions have built elaborate institutions of priests and privileged interpreters to safeguard their revelation, control access to it and to protect the right way of interpreting and communicating it. But claims to revelation have also been criticized as strategies of self-immunization, which allow religions to avoid critical public debate of their views and teachings, or legitimize the position of those in power. The 33rd Conference of Philosophy of Religion at Claremont Graduate University in 2012 addressed these complex issues by concentrating on three areas of debate: I. Revelation and Reason, II. Hermeneutics of Revelation, III. Phenomenology of Revelation. Contributors: William J. Abraham, Marlene Block, John D. Caputo, Thomas Carlson, Ingolf U. Dalferth, Stephen T. Davis, Oona Eisenstadt, James L. Fredericks, Kirsten Gerdes, Eric E. Hall, Joshua Kira, Jeff Murico, Bruce Paolozzi, George Pattison, Michael Ch. Rodgers, Claudia Welz.
Flights of the soul : visions, heavenly journeys, and peak experiences in the biblical world
Medieval women's visionary literature
In the light of what we see
Revelations : Saint Birgitta of Sweden
This detailed study is the first to outline Julian of Norwich's reception throughout history, from the extant manuscripts to the present day.
The colourful apocalypse: journeys in outsider art / Greg Bottoms
The divine revelation : the basic issues
In general, theological terms this study examines the interplay of early Christian understandings of history, revelation, and identity. The book explores this interaction through detailed analysis of appeals to "mystery" in the Pauline letter collection and then the discourse of previously hidden but newly revealed mysteries in various second-century thinkers. T.J. Lang argues that the historical coordination of the concealed/revealed binary ("the mystery previously hidden but presently revealed") enabled these early Christian authors to ground Christian claims - particularly key ecclesial, hermeneutical, and christological claims - in Israel's history and in the eternal design of God while at the same time accounting for their revelatory newness. This particular Christian conception of time gives birth to a new and totalizing historical consciousness, and one that has significant implications for the construction of Christian identity, particularly vis-à-vis Judaism.
Dreams as divine communication in Christianity : from Hermas to Aquinas
Julian of Norwich's legacy : medieval mysticism and post-medieval reception
Miracles of the Virgin in Middle English
Seeing and being seen in the later medieval world : optics, theology, and religious life
Christ, creation, and the vision of God : Augustine's transformation of early Christian theophany interpretation
Ecstasy or religious trance : in the experience of the ecstatics and from the psychological point of view. Volume 1, Vision and ecstasy
Red prophet
The vision quest of the Plains Indians : its spiritual significance
Datura, or, A delusion we all see
At the age of 30, Julian of Norwich, a contemporary of Chaucer, had a series of intense visions of Jesus which she recorded in what became the first book written in English by a woman. This a fresh and contemporary rendering of this much-loved and influential spiritual text brings Julian's 14th century message alive to 21st century readers.
