http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10900 environmental research
environmental research
Conceptual issues in environmental archaeology
Životné prostredie Slovenskej republiky v rokoch 2000-2012 v kocke = Environment of the Slovak Republic in 2000-2012 in focus
Abstract.
Classics in environmental studies : an overview of classic texts in environmental studies
Market survey for environmental technology : case: Ekomuovi Oy
Environmental applications of geochemical databases in Finland
Research in the Finnish water and environment administration : an international evaluation 1988.
Environmental research
Geostatistics for environmental scientists
Detection of optical water quality parameters for eutrophic waters by high resolution remote sensing
Birds of a disappearing forest : an environmental history of the bottomland hardwood forest of Southeastern North America
Supercritical fluid extraction (SFE) in environmental analysis : total extraction and study of pesticide retention in soil
Managing troubled waters : the role of marine environmental monitoring
Public history and the environment
Collins reference dictionary [of] environmental science
Bonus-169 Baltic Sea science plan and implementation strategy : summary
A marketing analysis of household appliances market in Finland : a case study for the Haier Group
The environment in contexts : environmental concern in the Komi Republic (Russia)
Environmental science : a systems approach to sustainable development
Chemical speciation in the environment
Business plan for establishing an auto car-washing service in Hanoi, Vietnam
Sustainability of nature-based tourism
Multidisciplinary dialogue : wellbeing, technology and environment : extended abstract book
Crystals of Schoolchildren’s Well-Being. Cross-Border Training Material for Promoting Psychosocial Well-Being through School Education
Miljöordlista : svensk-engelsk-fransk-tysk = Glossary of environmental terms : Swedish-English-French-German
Research projects of STUK 2009-2011
Culture, perceptions, and environmental problems : interscientific communication on environmental issues
Perspectives in landscape archaeology : papers presented at Oxford 2003-5
GIS for environmental monitoring
Analyzing international environmental regimes : from case study to database
Formulating a feasible business idea in Finland : case: Silta Consultancy Oy
A geography of the lifeworld : movement, rest and encounter
Air quality monitoring : city of Kokkola 1992-2005, Finland
Helsinki Workshop on Ecological Modernisation, September
Transnational research programmes on environment : analysis of ERA-Nets' experiences and recommendations for good practices
Bonus-169 Baltic Sea science plan and implementation strategy
Environmental science : understanding, protecting and managing the environment in the Baltic Sea region
Environmental science : earth as a living planet : student review guide and internet companion
Chinese target market research for virtual reality technology in education field
Tourists' interest in participating sustainability activities while travelling
Petrochemical America
Polar science and global climate : an international resource for education and outreach
Place, community and art: relationships
Water environment research
Reinventing discovery : the new era of networked science
Introduction to applied mathematics for environmental science / : David F. Parkhurst
Change is now so commonplace that people no longer talk in terms of the "whitewater epoch". Every sector of the economies of the developed world has experienced huge swathes of change in the last decade of the twentieth century alone. Increased global competition, aided and abetted by technological advances, has led many organizations to seek to re-invent themselves in the hope of being able to survive and thrive. In mature sectors in particular, where the pace of consolidation is accelerating, organizations have had little option but to grow through acquisition or be absorbed. Whether the change is labelled "continuous process improvement", "restructuring", "downsizing" or re-engineering", to employees, change usually brings with it added pressures, job insecurity and a consequent loss of commitment to the organization. Understanding Change: theory, implementation and success argues that strategic change in the new millennium will be geared increasingly to achieving sustainable high performance, rather than just short-term gains. Most theorists now agree that the real challenge of change lies in gaining employees" willingness to commit to the change effort. Change leaders at every level need to be able to understand the elements at work in any change process, and to use judgement about the style of leadership required to give the change effort the best chance of success. Understanding Change: theory, implementation and success provides an overview of change and organizational theory, leading in particular to the author"s definition of the "input" elements of the high performance organisation, based on extensive research into UK and international organisations. It also contains a section looking at the management of change, with case studies illustrating approaches to managing change which are conducive to achieving sustainable high performance. In her companion book, The High Performance Organization- creating dynamic stability, the author explores some of the "how to"s" of building an organizational culture which is supportive of high performance in today"s challenging environment.
Knowledge meets landscape : interacting science, people, and natural resources in Amazonian rainforests
Oulu UAS educates professionals for the needs of Northern Finland, whose competence corresponds to the needs and development of working life in the region. We react quickly to the changes occurring in working life and the requirements of new competence.    At the degree programme of Information Technology we aim to develop our teaching to include more real-life project work: our curricula include increasingly more company-related projects. This way we are able to provide our students with a more realistic view of the everyday work at companies, and also improve their employment opportunities.    The purpose of this publication is to spread the word about the projects and results achieved by the students and staff of the Information Technology department. In addition to student projects, our department is also involved in many domestic and international projects well worth mentioning. Yearly, our students complete hundreds of thesis and project work. This publication also presents good examples of our successful projects.
Optical methods in biomedical and environmental sciences : selected contributions to the Third International Conference on Optics Within Life Sciences OWLS III, Waseda university, International Conference Center, Tokyo, Japan, 10-14 April
Coastal communities on the move : house and polity interaction in Southern Ostrobothnia 1500 BC-AD 1
Learnability makes things click : a grounded theory approach to the software product evaluation
Agroecosystem health : analysis and assessment : a report on the Agroecosystem Health Project, University of Guelph, 1993-1996
"The first curricular-focused outdoor learning textbook for prospective and practising K-12 teachers, this book provides both academic justification and practical support for educators working in a wide variety of environments and with diverse populations of students to incorporate more meaningful outdoor learning opportunities into their daily teaching activities. Learning Outside the Classroom is not a set of prescriptive activities that can be read and used uncritically. The idea of adaptation for personal relevance is central. All teachers are capable of enhancing their students' learning experiences by systematically and progressively incorporating ventures outside the classroom into their lessons. The principles and examples presented in this book are intended to be adapted by teachers to suit the needs of their students in ways that draw upon content offered by the local landscape and its natural and built heritage. Nor is this book just about outdoor learning; it's about good teaching -- wherever it takes place. It is about helping teachers devise and use the tools with which they can address the largely uncontested assumption that legitimate learning only occurs within four walls. Learning outside the classroom affords teachers the privilege of helping and the joy of observing students in a process of intellectual, emotional, and social growth that can last a lifetime"-- Provided by publisher.
Achieving environmental goals : the concept and practice of environmental performance review
Green essentials : what you need to know about the environment
Futures for the Mediterranean basin : the blue plan
Monitoring rocky shores
Nordic Environmental Research Programme 1993-1997. 1993 , Annual report
Report on radioactivity in the Arctic regions
Environmental chemodynamics : movement of chemicals in air, water, and soil
Young Adults’ Environmental Knowledge, Attitudes and Travelling Behavior
Two information retrieval learning environments : their design and evaluation
Living in the environment : principles, connections, and solutions
Identification of cooperation areas and gaps in existing programmes : Bonus report
Environmental modelling : finding simplicity in complexity
The handbook of environmental chemistry. Vol. 4, part D, Airborne particulate matter
Evidence against a correlation between ease of use and actual use of a device in a walk-in virtual environment
Three spirals of power/knowledge : scientific laboratories, environmental panopticons and emerging biopolitics
New topics in environmental research
A multi-stakeholder perspective on sustainable marketing : studying business-society relations through action research
The accuracy of FIMR wave forecasts in 2002-2005
6th International Symposium on Ecosystem Behaviour Biogeomon 2009 : conference programme & abstracts
Memory and the mountain : environmental relations of the Wachagga of Kilimanjaro and implications for landscape archaeology
Discovering the musical mind : a view of creativity as learning
Environmental chemometrics : principles and modern applications
Environment and ethnicity in the Middle East
Learning outside the classroom : theory and guidelines for practice
Social theory and the global environment
Environmental science : active learning laboratories and applied problem sets
Managing blue gold : new perspectives on water security in the Levantine Middle East
Environmental literature : a bibliography
Human impact on ancient environments
A Nordic environmental research programme for 1993-1997 : annual report for 1995-1996
The new wider world
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of infant development. Volume 2, Applied and policy issues
Business opportunity of municipal sewage sludge treatment in China
Predictive modeling and the ecology of hunter-gatherers of the Boreal Forest of Manitoba
Factors behind Leisure-Time Physical Activity Behavior Based on Finnish Twin Studies: The Role of Genetic and Environmental Influences and the Role of Motives
While the European Landscape Convention adopted in Florence in 2000 by the European Council offers a public-action framework through a normative definition, the marine and submarine dimensions of landscapes are attracting growing interest from researchers worldwide. At a time when marine-conservation objectives are strongly endorsed by the Convention on Biological Diversity, the French Marine Protected Areas Agency, a public institution under the governance of the French Ministry of the Environment, has gathered prominent experts to draft the very first interdisciplinary overview of underwater seascapes, so as to initiate and lend direction to a wider reflection on this emerging research topic.
Meeting design industry analysis
Residential area and health:a study of the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1966
Environmental monitoring in Finland 2006-2008
Environmental futures : the practice of environmental scenario analysis
Environmental management and assessment in Poland
Isotope ratios as pollutant source and behaviour indicators : proceedings of a symposium on isotope ratios as pollutant source and behaviour indicators
An introduction to environmental systems
Use of qualitative comparative analysis (QCA) in comparative law : comparison of the legal regulation of sustainable development in physical planning in Denmark and Finland
Environmental research in the Arctic 2000 : proceedings of the Second International Symposium on Environmental research in the Arctic and Fifth Ny-Ålesund Scientific Seminar, 23-25 February 2000, NIPR, Tokyo
Manual of environmental analysis
The roles of nitrification and nitrate reduction pathways in nitrogen cycling of the Baltic Sea
The environment has always been a central concept for archaeologists and, although it has been conceived in many ways, its role in archaeological explanation has fluctuated from a mere backdrop to human action, to a primary factor in the understanding of society and social change. Archaeology also has a unique position as its base of interest places it temporally between geological and ethnographic timescales, spatially between global and local dimensions, and epistemologically between empirical studies of environmental change and more heuristic studies of cultural practice. Drawing on data from across the globe at a variety of temporal and spatial scales, this volume resituates the way in which archaeologists use and apply the concept of the environment. Each chapter critically explores the potential for archaeological data and practice to contribute to modern environmental issues, including problems of climate change and environmental degradation. Overall, the volume covers four basic themes: archaeological approaches to the way in which both scientists and locals conceive of the relationship between humans and their environment, applied environmental archaeology, the archaeology of disaster, and new interdisciplinary directions. The volume will be of interest to students and established archaeologists, as well as practitioners from a range of applied disciplines.
Challenges and opportunities in the hydrologic sciences
Interdisciplinarity in environmental research -seminar, May 4th 2004 at 9-20, Viikki Infocentre, Helsinki : abstract volume
Humans and the environment : new archaeological perspectives for the twenty-first century
Midterm assessment of MAP (Meso-American Agro-environmental Program)
Environmental information centres, resources and services : inventory and needs assessment for Central and Eastern Europe
Water research in Finland 2002-2006 : international evaluation
Biometeorological methods
Artists in the landscape of berry wars and reindeer husbandry.
The landscape has played - and continues to play - an important role in the process of constructing a national identity in Finland. In this process, certain areas and views, whether real or imaginary, are designated as vital symbols of the national culture. The landscape is not merely an image, a map or a view of the existing motherland, however. It is also a part of the nation's history, which is marked in the landscape in the form of significant buildings and monuments to historical events, so that the past may be seen as forming an unbroken continuum with the present. Work is constantly going on to maintain and renew the national traditions of landscape description. This means that whatever its age and nostalgic associations, the landscape is an integral part of our present-day lives. The images, maps, and discourses associated with the landscape may have altered in the course of time, and even the physical areas or views may have been replaced with new ones, but the ideal of a Finnish landscape has persisted. The signs and significations attached to it thus remain a powerful part of our national culture.
Environmental geochemistry in Northern Europe : proceedings of the first Symposium on Environmental Geochemistry in Northern Europe : held in Rovaniemi, Finland, 17-19 October, 1989
Secure energy for Europe : the Nord Stream Pipeline project 2005-2012
Hydrology : an introduction
Towards minimizing measurement uncertainty in total petroleum hydrocarbon determination by GC-FID
Parental Communication Deviance as a risk factor for thought disorders and schizophrenia spectrum disorders in offspring:The Finnish Adoptive Family Study
Spatiotemporal Aspects of Environmental Monitoring in the Complex Coastal Region of Southwest Finland
Environmental studies : a multidiciplinary science
The English rural landscape
In Reinventing Discovery, Michael Nielsen argues that we are living at the dawn of the most dramatic change in science in more than 300 years. This change is being driven by powerful new cognitive tools, enabled by the internet, which are greatly accelerating scientific discovery. There are many books about how the internet is changing business or the workplace or government. But this is the first book about something much more fundamental: how the internet is transforming the nature of our collective intelligence and how we understand the world. Reinventing Discovery tells the exciting story of an unprecedented new era of networked science. We learn, for example, how mathematicians in the Polymath Project are spontaneously coming together to collaborate online, tackling and rapidly demolishing previously unsolved problems. We learn how 250,000 amateur astronomers are working together in a project called Galaxy Zoo to understand the large-scale structure of the Universe, and how they are making astonishing discoveries, including an entirely new kind of galaxy. These efforts are just a small part of the larger story told in this book--the story of how scientists are using the internet to dramatically expand our problem-solving ability and increase our combined brainpower. This is a book for anyone who wants to understand how the online world is revolutionizing scientific discovery today--and why the revolution is just beginning.
Effects of authentic learning and e-learning in an introductory chemistry laboratory course
Arctic environmental atlas
One land, many landscapes : papers from a session held at the European Association of Archaeologists, fifth annual meeting in Bournemouth 1999
The Norton history of the environmental sciences
Essentials of strategic management
Central issues in Finnish marine research - the societal role of the Finnish Institute of Marine Research.
Humans, Environment and Chronology of the Late Glacial of the North European Plain : Proceedings of Workshop 14 (Commission XXXII) of the 15th U.I.S.P.P. Congress, Lisbon, September 2006 (2009)
Preface : the International Polar Year project 'Kinnvika' − Arctic warming and impact research at 80° N.
The use of Chironomid Pupal Exuvial Technique (CPET) in freshwater biomonitoring : applications for boreal rivers and lakes
Chemical and biological sensors for environmental monitoring
E.M. Forster and English place : a literary topography
Jyväskylän yliopiston vuosi 2015 = University of Jyväskylä 2015
Cultural perspectives on higher education
The ecosystem approach in anthropology : from concept to practice
"The book is a collection of Bamberger's papers from 1970 to 2010."
Valtion ympäristötieteellinen toimikunta 1986-1988 = The Research council for the Environmental Sciences 1986-1988
Kings of the North Sea, AD 250-850
Market analysis and business opportunity evaluation of entering Chinese medical waste treatment industry
Views of the Inuvialuit on sustainable development in the Mackenzie Gas Project in the Inuvialuit Settlement Region, Northwest Territories, Canada
This text consists of two parts, with an introduction and an epilogue. In the first part I discuss the notion of landscape briefly. In the second part I describe an example of a practice of performing landscape and discuss some of its aspects that might be useful for understanding or developing related practices. Finally, as an epilogue, I take up the question of how to speak of the environment.
The Finns and sustainable development : how do we measure opinions about sustainable development?
Valtion ympäristötieteellinen toimikunta 1983-1985 = The research council for environmental sciences 1983-1985
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
The environmental sciences
Causes of response uncertainty and its implications for WTP estimation in choice experiment
Chinese target market research for virtual reality technology  in education field
Degenerative findings on MRI of the lumbar spine : prevalence, environmental determinants and association with low back symptoms
Archaeozoology of the Near East V : proceedings of the fifth International Symposium on the Archaeozoology of Southwestern Asia and Adjacent Areas
Practical approaches to applied remote sensing as illustrated by the SAMOZ project in Mozambique
Russian environmentalism : the Yanitsky reader
The Facts on File dictionary of environmental science
An active attitude and the spirit of doing : hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
Integrated environmental modelling : design and tools
Environment : science and policy for sustainable development
The Finnish landscape and its meanings
Environmental research in the European research area
Living in the environment : an introduction to environmental science
Lectio praecursoria: Environmental policy evaluation concepts exemplified in the context of the European Unions strategy for better regulation
Underwater Seascapes : From geographical to ecological perspectives
Human response to global change
Environmental analysis : techniques, applications and quality assurance
Environmental science : working with the earth
Environmental education in the 21st century : theory, practice, progress and promise
The Bonus cook book : building administrative framework for the joint Baltic Sea research programme
Principles of environmental science
New directions in environmental participation
Advances in environmental fluid mechanics
The encyclopedia of environmental studies
Accelerated internationalisation as a network-based international opportunity development process
The Facts On File dictionary of environmental science
Philosophical basics of ecology and economy
Handbook of ecological indicators for assessment of ecosystem health
Mesolithic settlement in the North Sea Basin : a case study from Howick, North-East England
Element concentration cadasters in ecosystems : methods of assessment and evaluation
Cross-national differences in the environmental consciousness
The nature of the workplace for knowledge creation
Recent spatiotemporal changes and main determinants of aquatic macrophyte vegetation in large lakes in Finland
Case studies in environmental archaeology
Market research of window units and doors industry in Russia
Environmental monitoring in Finland 2009-2012
Environmental research in the Arctic 2005
"Exercise Was Just a Way Modifying My Body." : Exercise Dependence and Orthorexia among Students in Kainuu Region: A Quantitative Study
Global environmental change science : education and training
Responsiveness of Finnish science and technology institutions to environmental change
Governing the blue-green Baltic Sea : societal challenges of marine eutrophication prevention
Developing a marketing plan for Germany : case Galaxo Ltd
Geopolitics and empire : the legacy of Halford Mackinder
Communicating the environmental performance of wood products
Present and future of modeling global environmental change : toward integrated modeling : a collection of contributions based on presentations at the 14th Toyota Conference, Mikkabi, Shizuoka, Japan, October 3 to 6, 2000
Environmental issues : the global consequences
Environmental policy evaluation : concepts and practice
Citizen science : public participation in environmental research
Encyclopedia of environmental science and engineering. Vol. 2, J-Z
The basic geographic information of the Baltic drainage basin : the feasibility study report
Insect optomotor experiments in the dark using virtual reality
An agenda of science for environment and development into the 21st century : based on a conference held in Vienna, Austria in November 1991
Concise encyclopedia of environmental systems
Becoming juniper : performing landscape as artistic research
Aronia research 2008-2011
This book analyses higher education from cultural perspectives and also to reflect on the uses of intellectual devices developed in the cultural studies of higher education over the last decades. The first part of the book presents fresh perspectives to integrate cultural studies in higher education with wider societal processes. Professor William G. Tierney speaks about trust and culture in higher education, whereas Professor Imanol Ordorika opens a political perspective to higher education institutions. The second part of the book studies the internal life of higher education. Relying on a variety of cultural perspectives, the chapters explore the actual day-to-day practices taking place in higher education, ranging from student socialisation, student consumerism, tensions in combining academic and market-oriented targets in knowledge production to the formation of academic identities in different disciplinary and organisational cultures. The focus in the third part of the book is to use cultural perspectives developed in previous studies on disciplinary and organisational cultures as a framework to understand a variety of processes and reforms taking place at the institutional level of high education. The chapters in this part of the book analyse the Bologna Process, the evolution of scientific fields in American universities, organisational cultures in Chinese post-merger universities, and doctoral education and cooperation with industry.
How people learn : brain, mind, experience, and school
Summary.
What about cultural policy? : interdisciplinary perspectives on culture and politics
Guides for stress coping during clinical training for international degree nursing students
Developing a marketing plan for Germany : Case Galaxo Ltd.
The Forsmark biotest basin : an instrument for environmental research
Feasibility and limitations of applying life cycle assessment in Estonia
In search for the conceptual origin of university students' community in a confluence of on- and offline learning environments / ethnographies in technology-rich, multi-sited fields of study
Long-term ecological research in East Asia-Pacific region : proceedings of the first East Asia-Pacific regional conference on long-term ecological research held at Fu-shan, I-lan Hsien, Taiwan, China (Taipei) April 7-13, 1995
The role of scientific environmental knowledge in decision-making in the City of Helsinki
Coastal Estonia : recent advances in environmental and cultural history
Consultation process for the Bonus-169 Baltic Sea Science Plan and Implementation Strategy
JEM : journal of enviromental monitoring
Understanding change : theory, implementation and success
Boreal environment research
Keys to the future : environmental expertise at Turku University of Applied Sciences
Advances in ecological research
Environmental information management and analysis: ecosystem to global scales
Psychosocial well-being of schoolchildren in the Barents region : a comparison from the northern parts of Norway, Sweden and Finland and Northwest Russia
Environmental studies : mathematical, computational, and statistical analysis
A Nordic network of environmental chemical reference laboratories
Using statistics to understand the environment
The wastewater gardener : preserving the planet one flush at a time!
The marketing book
Environmental archaeology : principles and methods
SKEP ERA-NET Work Package 3 : approaches and practices in the evaluation of environmental research programmes
Arctic climate change discourse : the contrasting politics of research agendas in the West and Russia
An active attitude and the spirit of doing. Hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
Sound wise: creating applied visual art experiences in Lapland
In the age of globalization and internationalization it becomes more and more important for companies to enter new markets. Therefore, Finnish company Galaxo Ltd. located in Oulu, Finland intends to enter the German market and distribute its energy management system there. The purpose of this thesis was to prepare a marketing plan in order to provide useful information about the German market for the case company. Furthermore, there was a need for recommendations as the Finnish firm was not familiar with foreign markets, yet. The idea of this thesis topic was developed by the author with the support of Galaxo Ltd. Moreover, the first part of the marketing plan consists of analyses such as competitors’ analysis, stakeholder analysis, PESTEL analysis and SWOT analysis. These chapters are followed by marketing strategy which includes segmentation, targeting, positioning, mission statement and competitive strategy. Moreover, the company ́s objectives were outlined and the marketing mix, consisting of the 4 Ps: product, place, price, place and promotion, was suggested. The background knowledge for this thesis was provided by lectures of courses at Oulu University of Applied Sciences such as marketing, intercultural skills and international business strategy. Moreover, this basis was extended by books, articles and websites that offer in depth information regarding marketing issues as well as topics related to Germany. In addition, meetings with Hannes Huotari, CEO at Galaxo Ltd., and Anu Toljamo, sales manager at Galaxo Ltd., were organized. In addition, there was also e-mail contact with these representatives. Consequently, the case company was provided with the results of the marketing plan during the whole thesis process. The next step for Galaxo Ltd. is to apply the given information and recommendations and enter the German market. Therefore, the target group needs to become aware of the case company and their product Infochannel, which could be reached by implementing presentations and questionnaires for the potential customers, universities in the southern part of Germany.
Men and women of the forest : livelihood strategies and conservation from a gender perspective in Ranomafana National Park, Madagascar
Nigeria`s WEEE market : business opportunity for Finnish SMEs
Sediments and water interactions : proceedings of the Third International Symposium on Interactions Between Sediments and Water, held in Geneva, Switzerland, August 27-31, 1984
