http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10910 private life
private life
The visible employee : using workplace monitoring and surveillance to protect information assets without compromising employee privacy or trust
Wall Street technology strategist Caroline Arnold's guide to turning broad personal goals into meaningful and discrete behavioral changes that lead to permanent improvement, featuring real-world examples and recent scientific findings
Crisis of Presence in Contemporary Culture
In bed with Procrustes : feminism's flirtation with patriarchy
Memory man
Fooled by randomness : the hidden role of chance in the markets and in life
Work-life interaction among international business travelers
Persönlichkeitsschutz gegenüber Massenmedien = The protection of personality rights against invasions by mass media
Within walls : private life in the German Democratic Republic
Data and Goliath : the hidden battles to collect your data and control your world
At home : a short history of private life
Company-internal Facebook policies : How are private and professional matters separated?
The intimate archive : journeys through private papers
Privacy : cases and materials
Mass surveillance in accordance with the law? : the right to privacy, surveillance and data protection in the European convention on human rights
Personal life : new directions in sociological thinking
The future of reputation : gossip, rumor, and privacy on the Internet
Public vows : a history of marriage and the nation
Privacy and human rights : reports and communications presented at the Third International Colloquy about the European Convention on Human Rights, organised by the Belgian universities and the Council of Europe, with the support of the Belgian government
Blind faith
Founders as fathers : the private lives and politics of the American revolutionaries
This captivating book explores the lives of the ordinary people of Pompeii and Herculaneum – the two cities on the Bay of Naples that were buried by the catastrophic volcanic eruption of Mount Vesuvius in AD 79. The plaster-cast bodies of the victims are the most vivid shocking reminders of the horrific event that made Pompeii famous, but who were these men, women and children so cruelly frozen in time? The author and curator of the exhibition brings the inhabitants of Pompeii and Herculaneum back to life from the ashes and ruins of their own homes. Amongst the artefacts are magnificent mosaics, a carbonized wooden cradle and a birth certificate of a little girl, each of which is accompanied by stunning new photography.
The Circle
Individualization : institutionalized individualism and its social and political consequences
“The single mompreneur” : how single mothers combine entrepreneurship and daily life
Examines how individualism and civic responsibility contribute to and detract from America's common good. In the Preface to this edition, the authors relate the arguments of the book both to the current realities of American society and the growing debate about the country's future
Small move, big change : using microresolutions to transform your life permanently
JFK's last hundred days : the transformation of a man and the emergence of a great president
Inexpressible privacy : the interior life of antebellum American literature
Personal information : privacy and the law
From privacy toward a new intellectual property right in persona
Californication. The sixth season
Work-life balance in the Finnish game industry
Fooled by randomness : the hidden role of chance in life and in the markets
The secret history of domesticity : public, private, and the division of knowledge
The big silence
Shifting involvements : private interest and public action
On privacy
Exposed : voyeurism, surveillance, and the camera since 1870 : Tate Modern, London, 28.5. - 3.10.2010 : San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, 30.10.2010 - 17.4.2011 : Walker Art Center, Minneapolis, 21.5. - 11.9.2011 / edited by Sandra S. Phillips ; essays by Simon Baker ... [et al.]
Privata Luxuria : towards an archaeology of intimacy : Pompeii and beyond : International Workshop Center for Advanced Studies, Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München (24-25 March 2011)
The value of privacy
Locating privacy in Tudor London
Spychips : how major corporations and government plan to track your every move with RFID
The public and the private
Privacy : a manifesto
The law of professional-client confidentiality : regulating the disclosure of confidential personal information
Sociology of personal life
Private lives/public consequences : personality and politics in modern America
Californication : tuotantokaudet 1-3
Disability and social change : private lives and public policies
The darker side of light : arts of privacy, 1850-1900
Social work under pressure : how to overcome stress, fatigue and burnout in the workplace
Liberty in the age of terror : a defence of civil liberties and enlightenment values
Life and death in Pompeii and Herculaneum
Voyeur nation : media, privacy, and peering in modern culture
Californication : the fifth season
Californication. The final season
The model wife: The passionate lives of  Effie Gray, Ruskin and Millais
Modern privacy : shifting boundaries, new forms
Blue shoes and happiness
Enacting boundaries through social technologies : the dance between work and private life
The making of zombie wars
Untold story
The Circle : a novel
Deja who
Privacy and data protection law : international development and Maltese perspectives
Jane & Serge : a family album
Californication. The second season
The whisperers : private life in Stalin's Russia
Scarlet Feather
Public and private life of the Soviet people : changing values in post-Stalin Russia
Privatization in central and eastern Europe
The private lives of the Tudors : uncovering the secrets of Britain's greatest dynasty
Remembering Che : my life with Che Guevara
Revealing privacy : debating the understandings of privacy
The vanished
A theory of constitutional rights
The private life : why we remain in the dark
Queen Victoria : first media monarch
Lisämateriaali: Audio commentaries on select episodes.
The Cambridge history of the First World War. / Volume 3, Civil society
Living, loving, and loss : the interplay of intimacy, sexuality, and grief
Women, literature, and the domesticated landscape : England's disciples of flora, 1780-1870
Hitler and women : the love life of Adolf Hitler
Progressive development or paradigm shift? : the right to protection of name, honour and reputation under the case law of the European Court of Human Rights
Privacy : a short history
Intimate politics : publicity, privacy and the personal lives of politicians in media-saturated democracies
Lying at the bottom of his apartment stairs, a postman is found dead. At first glance, his death appears to be a tragic accident. However, when Detective Superintendent Konrad Simonsen is called to investigate, he notices that something doesn't add up. Did he fall? When life-sized images of a vanished girl are discovered plastering the walls of the dead man's attic, the case takes a new and sinister turn. Who is she? Could she be alive? Soon the homicide team find themselves delving into the past, but as they approach the truth, Simonsen is forced to confront long-hidden skeletons in his own cupboard.
Habits of the heart : individualism and commitment in American life : with a new preface
Regulating autonomy : sex, reproduction and family
Desire and domestic fiction : a political history of the novel
You'll never nanny in this town again : the true adventures of a Hollywood nanny
Californication. The first season
Californication. The fourth season
Scarlet feather
The future of success
The full cupboard of life
Californication. The third season
The making of home
Exposed : desire and disobedience in the digital age
Privacy and solitude : the medieval discovery of personal space
