http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10905 structural policy
structural policy
Report by the Secretariat of the Economic Council. Part 1, Globalisation challenges for Europe
Housing and social theory
Doing business in China
Entrepreneurial spirit in cities and regions
The politics of Africa's economic stagnation
General remarks on the speed of transformation in the socialist countries
The future of low-birthtrate populations
India rising : emergence of a new world power
Policy reform in India
Evaluating socio-economic programmes. Vol. 4, Technical solutions for evaluation within a partnership framework
The structural funds and the conversion of the industrial areas of Spain 1994-96
The EU economy: 2005 review : rising international economic integration : opportunities and challenges
EMPLOYMENT/ADAPT : midterm evaluation : midterm evaluation of the EMPLOYMENT and ADAPT community iniatiatives in the programme period 1995-1999
The impact of stabilization and structural adjustment policies on the rural sector : case-studies of Cǒte d'Ivoire, Senegal, Liberia, Zambia and Morocco
The European Union and the fight against drugs
Guidelines for monitoring the impact of structural adjustment programmes on the agricultural sector
Political effectiveness of agricultural policies : an empirical analysis
Structural actions 2000-2006 : commentary and regulations : The Structural Funds, The Cohesion Fund, The Instrument for Structural Policies for Pre-accession
Cohesion financial instrument : Cohesion Fund : combined report 1993-1994
Politics in the European Union
The European Social Fund : an overview of the programming period 1994-1999
The European Union and its partners in the Mediterranean
Structural reforms will boost long-term economic prosperity in the euro area. In the short term, reforms could weaken economic performance. Nevertheless, on the whole, both an empirical and a theoretical examination of structural policy in the euro area strongly suggest there is an urgent need for structural reforms. These provide the only way to boost the potential output of the economy in a situation in which the long-term prospects for many euro area economies and the outlook for general government sustainability look bleak..
Eleventh five year plan, 2007-2012
The myth of the strong leader : political leadership in modern politics
Quantitative economic policies and interactive planning : a reconstruction of the theory of economic policy
Cross-border trade and the parallel currency market - trade and finance in the context of stuctural adjustment : a case study from Kano, Nigeria
Investing in Europe's future : fifth report on economic, social and territorial cohesion
The Instrument for Structural Policy for Pre-Accession (ISPA) : annual report
Behind the myth of European union : prospects for cohesion
Environment and sustainable development integration in the Nordic structural funds : an appraisal of programming documents
The dynamics of agrarian structures in Europe : case studies from the Federal Republic of Germany, Hungary, Italy, Norway, and Poland
European cohesion forum : speeches and summaries : 28 to 30 April 1997
Competitiveness and business environment in Finland : an international benchmarking
A theory of coordination and its implications on EU structural policy : a comparative study of the challenges for coordination in structurel funds in Finland, Ireland, and Sweden
Gender and the European labour market
Agricultural labour markets and structural adjustment in sub-Saharan Africa
Economy, ethnicity and international migration : the comparison of Finland, Hungary and Russia
Law of the Common Agricultural Policy
Evaluating socio-economic programmes. Vol. 6, Glossary of 300 concepts and technical terms
Building market institutions in South Eastern Europe : comparative prospects for investment and private sector development
The economics of tourism [Ellibs-kirja]
The economy of India is based in part on planning through its five-year plans, developed, executed and monitored by the Planning Commission. With the Prime Minister as the ex officio Chairman, the commission has a nominated Deputy Chairman, who has rank of a Cabinet minister. Montek Singh Ahluwalia is currently the Deputy Chairman of the Commission. Now, India is in its 11th five year plan. This five year plan document focuses on inclusive growth. The document is divided into three volumes: Inclusive Growth- details the vision and strategy of the plan, gives the macroeconomic framework and financing of the plan; Social Sector Services- provides plans for the education, sports, art, and culture, health and family welfare, nutrition and Social Safety Net, drinking water and sanitation, and women and child rights; and Agriculture, Industry, Services, and Physical Infrastructure.
A theory of coordination and its implications on EU structural policy : a comparative study of the challenges for coordination in structural funds in Finland, Ireland, and Sweden
Changes in sex roles in politics as an indicator of structural change in society
Love power and political interests : towards a theory of patriarchy in contemporary western societies
"The Korean peninsula during the Cold War provided a cruel but historically unparalleled real-world "experiment" in the relationship between polity and material advance: an ethnically and culturally homogenous nation was, in 1945, suddenly divided by an arbitrary boundary line and then subjected to two radically different and adversarial political economies for successive decades on end. Assessing the competition between the North and South Korean economies from partition to the end of the Soviet era, Nicholas Eberstadt argues that the storyline is not quite as simple as the now-prevailing narrative suggests (that centrally-planned economies are doomed to fail against market-oriented alternatives). Rather, he suggests, the race for material progress was just that: a race, the results of which were far from preordained at the outset. In Policy and Economic Performance in Divided Korea during the Cold War Era: 1945-91, Eberstadt presents an impressive compilation of hard-to-find comparative data on economic performance for the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK, or North Korea) and the Republic of Korea (ROK, or South Korea) over two critical generations. By a number of indicators, Eberstadt argues, Kim Il Sung's North Korea actually outperformed South Korea for much of this period -- not only in the years immediately following partition, but perhaps also into the 1970s. To explain these surprising results, Eberstadt details the impact of government policies on the course of growth of both economies and offers some unorthodox observations about material performance under these two contending polities. He finds that prevailing economic development theory on such issues as planned-versus-market economies, military burden, and the relationship between material advance and poverty, may require reexamination in light of the experience of the two Koreas between partition and the end of the Cold War." --Back cover.
Structural policy effects in Finnish rural areas : a quantitative social accounting matrix approach
The Growth and jobs strategy and the reform of European cohesion policy : fourth progress report on cohesion
Innovative city and business regions
Economic policy for a social Europe : a critique of neo-liberalism and proposals for alternatives
The Structural Funds and the reconversion of regions affected by industrial decline in the United Kingdom, 1994-1996
Enterprise restructuring and economic policy in Russia
The impact of structural policies on economic and social cohesion in the Union 1989-99 : a first assessment presented by country (October 1996)
The common fisheries policy : the road travelled and the challenges ahead
Agricultural stabilization and structural adjustment policies in developing countries
Effects of stabilization and structural adjustment programmes on food security
Report from the Seminar on Structural Policies in the Framework of Economic and Monetary Union, Saariselkä, Finland, 18-19 November 1999.
Reinventing cohesion : the future of European structural policy
The economics and politics of transition to an open market economy Egypt
The economics of European integration : theory, practice, policy
Evaluating socio-economic programmes. Vol. 5, Transversal evaluation of impacts on the environment, employment and other intervention priorities
Regional development and regional policy: European Union and the Baltic Sea region
The EU economy : 2004 review
British farming : changing policies and production systems
Finland's national regional development targets for 2011-2015 : an economically, socially and environmentally sustainable Finland
Executive summary (s. vii-xxiii).
EU structural funds in Finland : regions on the threshold of the programming period 2007-2013
Japanese phoenix : the long road to economic revival
An evaluation of the effects of national aids for Southern Finland
The role of the Latvian planning regions in national regional development policy implementation and European Union structural funds management
Summary.
Afforestation of fields in Finland: agricultural background and recent achievements
Structural policies and European territory : islands and coastal regions
Comparative perspectives on rural development and policy challenges in Sogn og Fjordane
Meta-evaluation of the Nordic structural policy from the gender perspective
Social inclusion for young people: breaking down the barriers
Evaluating socio-economic programmes. Vol. 2, Selection and use of indicators for monitoring and evaluation
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 1998
Summary and main conclusions (s. 5-11).
The Structural Funds : initial assessment of the 1989-1993 programming period : summary of the 1993 report
Regional economic change in Russia
Economic growth and structural evolution
Processes of residential differentation in socialist cities : literature review on the cases of Budapest, Prague, Tallinn and Warsaw
Policy and economic performance in divided Korea during the Cold War era : 1945-91
Spatial variables as analytical concepts : levels, territory and action
Proceedings of the second European Cohesion Forum : 21-22 May 2001, Brussels
A theory of coordination and its implications on EU structural policy : a comparative study of the challenges for coordination in structural funds in Finland, Ireland and Sweden
Lithuanian economic reforms : practice & perspectives
Rural development as policy and practice : the European umbrella and the Finnish, Brittish [i.e. British] and Norwegian contexts
Evaluating socio-economic programmes : MEANS Programme 1997-1998. Vol. 6, Glossary of 300 concepts and technical terms
Transformation of Czechoslovakia's economy: results, prospects, open issues
Vertically integrated enterprises and strategic trade policy
Keywords in Australian politics
The end of power : from boardrooms to battlefields and churches to states, why being in charge isn't what it used to be
Contemporary rural systems in transition. Vol. 1, Agriculture and environment
A new partnership for cohesion : convergence, competitiveness, cooperation : third report on economic and social cohesion
Policy-making in the European Union
Sociology : a brief but critical introduction
The need for and impacts of structural policy in the euro area
Structural policies and European territory : cooperation without frontiers
Working for the regions : EU regional policy 2007-2013
The European Union : cohesion and disparities
Central and Eastern Europe : the challenge of transition
Evaluating socio-economic programmes. Vol. 3, Principal evaluation techniques and tools
Advocacy coalitions in EU regional policy in Finland : A study on Finnish policy actors ̀ objectives for the 2014-2020 structural fund programme period
