http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10988 nitrogen
nitrogen
NOx emissions reduction in a biodiesel engine by means of EGR technology
Computational study of isovalent group-V impurity doping and native point defects of III-V compound semiconductors
Algae cultivation for wastewater reclamation
Abstract.
Combined removal of phosphorus and nitrogen from wastewater
Fluxes of nitrous oxide and nitrification on a drained and forested boreal peatland treated with different nitrogen compounds
Differing Daphnia magna assimilation efficiencies for terrestrial, bacterial, and algal carbon and fatty acids
Symptom of environmental change in Siberian permafrost region : proceedings of the International Symposium of JSPS Core to Core Program between Hokkaido University and Martin Luther University Halle Wittenberg in 29-30 November 2005, Sapporo, Japan
A new hypothesis to explain the negative influence of nitrogen on ectomycorrhizal development
Yield formation and quality characteristics of early potatoes during a short growing period
Nitrogen removal using aerobic granular sludge in four different wastewaters
We reviewed quantitatively 40 Finnish field experiments related to the effect of nitrogen (N) fertilizer on the main parameters of grain quality and N uptake of spring cereals. The experiments were conducted on a wide range of mineral soils under varying growth conditions from the 1950s to the 1990s. Overall there was no statistically significant effect on 1000 grain weight and a slightly negative effect on grain test weight. Nitrogen fertilizer increased N uptake much more steeply in slightly acidic soils (SA, pH 5.8-6.9), located mostly in South Finland, than in moderately acidic soils (MA, pH 5.0-5.7), located in Central Finland. With increasing N rates, protein content increased to a larger extent in spring barley and oats than in spring wheat. In the light of the current trend to reduce N fertilizerapplication, the obtained regressions between N rates and the parameters of grain quality may be used to maintain yield quality at a desirable level, while optimizing N management.
Optimal strategies for nitrogen catch crop use : with emphasis on root growth, preemptive competition and nitrogen availability for the succeeding crop
Fluxes of dissolved organic and inorganic nitrogen in relation to stand characteristics and latitude in Scots pine and Norway spruce stands in Finland
We conducted a pot experiment to study the fertilization effects of four N- and P-rich organic waste resources alone and in combination with K-rich bottom wood ash at two application rates (150 kg N ha-1 + 120 kg K ha-1, 300 kg N ha-1 + 240 kg K ha-1). Plant-available N was the growth-limiting factor. 48-73% of N applied with meat and bone meal (MBM) and composted fish sludge (CFS) was taken up in aboveground biomass, resulting in mineral fertilizer equivalents (MFE%) of 53-81% for N uptake and 61-104% for yield. MFE% of MBM and CFS decreased for increasing application rates. Two industrial composts had weak N fertilization effects and are to be considered soil conditioners rather than fertilizers. Possible P and K fertilization effects of waste resources were masked by the soil's ability to supply plant-available P and K, but effects on plant-available P and K contents in soil suggest that the waste resources may have positive effects under more nutrient-deficient conditions.
Fate of nitrogen in the chemical recovery cycle of a kraft pulp mill
Ammonia volatilization, nitrogen in soil, and growth of barley after application of peat manure and pig slurry
Biomass and nitrogen dynamics of intensively grown grey alder plantations on peatland
Abatement costs for agricultural nitrogen and phosphorus loads : a case study of crop farming in south-western Finland
Carbon and nitrogen in the terrestrial environment
Effects of frequency of fertilisation on production, foliar chemistry and nutrient leaching in young Norway spruce stands in Sweden
Nutrient cycling in terrestrial ecosystems
Prospects for cost-efficient water protection in the Baltic Sea
Development of yield and nutritive value of timothy in primary growth and regrowth in northern growing conditions
Marginal abatement costs for reducing leaching of nitrates in Croatian agriculture
Assessments of common pests, growth and nitrogen levels on wild raspberries (Rubus idaeus L.) in summer 2000
Analysing nutrient values of fermented biowaste leachate
Effects of repeated slash removal in thinned stands on soil chemistry and understorey vegetation
Transport and transformations of nitrogen in an arable soil
The aim of this study was to determine the effect of meat and bone meal (MBM) used as an organic fertilizer on maize grown for grain. A two-factorial field experiment in a randomized block design was carried out in 2010 and 2011, in north-eastern Poland. Experimental factor I was MBM dose (1.0, 1.5, 2.0 and 2.5 t ha-1 year-1), and experimental factor II was the year of the study (two consecutive years). Increasing MBM doses contributed to an increase in maize grain yield and 1000-grain weight. The yield-forming effect of MBM applied at 1.5 t ha-1 year-1 was comparable with that of nitrogen and phosphorus contained in mineral fertilizers. A dose of 2.5 t ha-1 MBM led to a significant increase in maize grain yield. The P and K content of maize grain was determined by MBM dose, whereas the concentrations of N, Mg and Ca in grain were not affected by MBM dose. Significantly higher N, P, K and Mg uptake by maize plants was observed in treatments with the highest MBM dose, compared with the control tratment. Nitrogen and phosphorus uptake per 1 t MBM reached 101 kg and 26 kg, respectively. The results of a two-year study show that the maximum MBM dose (2.5 t ha-1 year-1) met the fertilizer requirements of maize with respect to nitrogen and phosphorus.
Ecophysiological characteristics of the Baltic Sea N2-fixing cyanobacteria Aphanizomenon and Nodularia
Fertilization effects of organic waste resources and bottom wood ash: results from a pot experiment
Meat bone meal as fertiliser for barley and oat
Testing of kinetic mechanisms for gas-phase nitrogen reactions in conditions relevant to staged combustion and gasification applications
Freeze-thaw (FT) events in soils can cause a burst of nitrous oxide (N₂O) and enhance N leaching during the spring-thaw event. We studied whether a soil amended with wood-derived (spruce chips) biochar (10 tonnes ha-1), produced at rather low temperatures (400-450°C), could reduce the burst of N₂O and the risk of N leaching from an agricultural soil after a FT event. A short-term laboratory experiment (4 weeks) was conducted with 24 vegetated (Phleum pratense) mesocosms (12 controls, 12 biochar-treated) that had spent a dormant season in the dark at 15°C for two months after the growing season. NO efflux to the atmosphere and ammonium (NH₄⁺-N) and nitrate (NO₃-N) in the percolated soil water were monitored before and after the FT event. N₂O was monitored with the dark chamber method and analyzed using a gas chromatograph. We found that soil amended biochar can significantly diminish the burst of N₂O after the soil FT event (by 61% just after FT event) and substantially reduce the risk of NO₃-N and NH₄⁺-N leaching from the agricultural soil. Compared to the control, the decrement in concentrations of NO₃-N and NH₄⁺-N in water percolated through the biochar amended soil in the mesocosms was 58% and 22%, respectively.
Inert gases in the control of museum insect pests
Assessment of methods for determination of nitrogen status in winter wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) = Vurdering av metoder for bestemmelse av nitrogenstatus i høstvete (Triticum aestivum L.)
Environmental plant physiology
Nitrogen fixation with non-legumes : the third international symposium on nitrogen fixation with non-legumes, Helsinki, 2-8 Sept. 1984
Nitrogen cycling and leaching in cool and wet regions of Europe : agriculture : workshop held in Gembloux (Belgium), October 22-23, 1992
Grain quality and N uptake of spring cereals as affected by nitrogen fertilization in northern conditions : a meta-analysis
Soil health and climate change
Comparison of CO2 and nutrient balances between conventional centralized wastewater treatment and decentralized dry sanitation alternatives
Gaseous loss of nitrogen from plant-soil systems
Spring barley yield and nitrogen recovery after application of peat manure and pig slurry
The chemistry and deposition of nitrogen species in the troposphere
Endogenous haemoglobins and heterologous <em>Vitreoscilla</em> haemoglobin in hybrid aspen
Combination of biological and physico-chemical factors in the development of manure nutrient recovery and recycling-oriented technology
Nitrogen in the environment : sources, problems, and management
Behavior of black liquor nitrogen in combustion : formation of cyanate
Effect of annually repeated undersowing on cereal grain yields
Forest soils research : theory, reality, and its role in technology : selected and edited papers from the tenth North American Forest Soils Conference held in Saulte Ste. Marie, Ontario, Canada, 20-24 July 2003
Emissions of NOx from baltic shipping and first estimates of their effects on air quality and eutrophication of the Baltic Sea
Electrochemical and Electronic Structure Investigations of the [S3N3]• Radical and Kinetic Modeling of the [S4N4]n/[S3N3]n (n = 0, −1) Interconversion
The spatial and temporal variation of nitrogen fixation in aquatic environments
A stoichiometric perspective on host-parasite interactions
Synthesis of heterocycles by vinylic substitution of ethyl (E)- and (Z)-3-Aryl-3-chloro-2-cyano propenoates with nitrogen nucleophiles
Early risk factors influencing lung function in schoolchildren born preterm in the era of new bronchopulmonary dysplasia
Emissions of nitrous acid (HONO), nitric oxide (NO), and nitrous oxide (N2O) from horse dung
Nutrient and light availability to white spruce seedlings in partial and clearcut harvested aspen stands
Prevention of environmental pollution from agricultural activity
Nitrogen management in crop production
Impacts of restoration of forestry-drained peatlands on nutrient and organic carbon exports and methane dynamics
Gas sensors based on nanostructured tungsten oxides
Biochemical basis of plant breeding. Volume II, Nitrogen metabolism
Climate change adaptation in arable land use, and impact on nitrogen load at catchment scale in northern agriculture
Effect of N- and P-fertilization on Yield and Harvest Time in Bulb Onions (Allium cepa L.) : Tampa, Florida, USA: October 28 - November 1, 1985
Advances in nitrogen cycling in agricultural ecosystems : proceedings of the Symposium on advances in nitrogen cycling in agricultural ecosystems held in Brisbane, Australia, 11-15th May 1987
The effects of light, nutrients and taxon on carbon and nitrogen isotope fractionation by cultured phytoplankton
Theoretical investigation in the structural properties, bonding, and reactivity of some chalcogen compounds
Simulation of soil nitrogen storage and leaching : applications to different Swedish agricultural systems
Growth limitation of trees and carbon balance of the vegetation in the treeline zone in north eastern Lapland
Dynamics of denitrifying populations in activated sludge processes with nitrogen removal
UV-induced NOy emissions in gas-exchange chambers enclosing Scots pine shoots : an analysis on their origin and significance
The indigenous agroforestry systems of the south-eastern Rift Valley escarpment, Ethiopia : their biodiversity, carbon stocks, and litterfall
Rapid filtration as a supplementary treatment of domestic sewage
Assembly of a planar, tricyclic B4N8 framework with s-indacene structure
Winter wheat, water, nitrogen and latitude
Nitrogen dynamics of agroecosystems: combinations of modelling and experiments at different spatial and temporal scales = Nitrogendynamikk i agroøkosystemer; kombinasjoner av modellering og eksperimenter på ulike nivå i tid og rom
Influence of solar UV radiation on the nitrogen metabolism in needles of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.)
Harvesting strategy and N fertilization influence 134Cs uptake by forage plants
Effects of band placement and nitrogen rate on dry matter accumulation, yield and nitrogen uptake of cabbage, carrot and onion
Low grain protein often restricts the use of grain lots for milling in Finland. Nitrogen availability during grain-filling may restrict grain protein accumulation, particularly in high yielding environments. Slow-release fertilizers could potentially sustain nitrogen availability during the grain-filling period. The aim of this study was to increase plant nitrogen uptake, grain yield and grain protein response of spring wheat cultivar "Amaretto", using combinations of a regular and slow-release compound NPK fertilizer. Fertilizer treatment effects on grain yield was modest, however, slow-release fertilizer treatments lowered grain protein content as well as grain, straw and total plant N compared with control treatment. The total plant N was 10 to 27 kg ha-1 lower following application of slow-release fertilizer. The results clearly indicate that the release of N by the slow-release fertilizer tested in this trial was too slow for cool Finnish growing conditions.
The roles of nitrification and nitrate reduction pathways in nitrogen cycling of the Baltic Sea
Modeling gas phase nitrogen chemistry at fuel rich conditions : an extension to the BKH-model for the range 0.1 < [lambda] < 0.5 and 1200 K < T < 1350 K
Epiphytic lichen responses to nitrogen deposition
The aim of the thesis was to compare the differences between three different treatments which are labeled as A, B and C, respectively. Treatments A and B contained additive products designed to enhance the fermentation process of biowaste and extract leachate. In treatment A, the additive product was in liquid form. Treatment B used the additive product that was in solid form. Treatment C contained no additive products and was used as a reference. The anaerobic digestion process of kitchen biowaste was used in this study to produce leachate. The leachate was collected and analyzed for its nutritional value as fertilizer. Chemical analysis was done to find the concentrations of Nitrogen (N), Phosphorus (P) and Potassium (K), in the leachates. The results of this study showed that Treatment B had the highest concentration of nutrients per liter compared to treatment A and treatment C. However, treatment A produced overall a greater volume of leachate compared to the other treatments. The con-centration of Total Nitrogen in the leachate was between 0,33 – 1,06 g/l. The concentration of Total Phosphorus was between 0,53 – 1,09 mg/l.  In addition, when comparing the concentration of Potassium, which was between 2,6 – 3,4 mg/l, the values seemed higher than the potassium value of separated urine carried out by EcoSanRes.
Efficiency of split nitrogen fertilization with adjusted irrigation on potato
Prolongation of the growing season due to a warming climate could represent new opportunities for northern agriculture. Climatic and biotic constraints may challenge future crop production. The objective of this study was to speculate how a range of arable land use patterns, resulting from various policy driven choices, could be introduced into a farming system, and how they would affect the risks associated with nutrient leaching. We found that while adaptation to climate change must include consideration of crop choices, there are conflicts associated with allocations and rotations for various market and policy situations. The expected increase in nutrient loading in the simulations caused by climate change was moderate. The increase can partly be compensated for by changes in farmland use, more in the shorter term than in the longer term to mid-century. In the future, adaptation at cropping system level is potentially an efficient way to manage nutrient load risks.
Atmospheric input of nitrogen to the Baltic Sea basin: present situation, variability due to meteorology and impact of climate change
Below-ground processes in meadow soil under elevated ozone and carbon dioxide : greenhouse gas fluxes, N cycling and microbial communities
The development of the yield and nutritive value of timothy (Phleum pratense L.) both in the primary growth and in the regrowth were studied at MTT Plant Production Research, a unit of MTT Agrifood Research Finland, in Rovaniemi (66°35'N) in 1999-2001. The dry matter yield and leaf:stem ratio were measured from the crop samples, and the contents of crude protein and organic matter digestibility of both whole plant samples and leaf and stem fractions were analysed. In primary growth, the most rapid increase of dry matter, 220-240 kg/ha per day, was measured around the beginning of the heading stage. There was a very strong positive correlation between the proportion of stems and the amount of dry matter in the primary yield. The daily growth rate of the regrowth was less than half of that of the primary growth. The fastest decrease, 1 percentage unit per day, in crude protein content was measured at the pasture stage (4-5 -leaf stage). During the entire sampling period, the average daily decline in crude protein content in the primary growth of timothy was 0.65 percentage units. The main cause for the rapid decline in crude protein content was the high proportion of stem matter and its low protein content. In the regrowth, during the last four weeks before the harvest, the average daily decline in crude protein content was 0.28 percentage units.The average decline in organic matter digestibility from early pasture stage to late silage stage was 0.9 percentage units per day. The most remarkable change was noticed at the growth stage of timothy when about the half of stems were heading and it was then that the digestibility decreased by more than one percentage unit per day. The rapid decline in organic matter digestibility was due to the low digestibility of stem matter. The daily change in forage digestibility in the regrowth was very small, on average 0.11%.
Hydrologic and hydraulic processes in northern treatment peatlands and the significance for phosphorus and nitrogen removal
Partitioning of atmospheric nitrogen under long-term reduced atmospheric deposition conditions in a Norway spruce forest ecosystem
The influence of nitrogen on the nutrient status in Norway spruce (Picea abies L. Karst)
Development of analytical methods for ultra-trace determination of total mercury and methyl mercury in natural water and peat soil samples for environmental monitoring
Effects of repeated fertilization on forest floor and mineral soil properties in young lodgepole pine and spruce forests in central British Columbia
[Abstract].
Methane fluxes in a drained and forested peatland treated with different nitrogen compounds
Increased availability of nitrogen and phosphorus in the root zone of conifers
In vitro N degradability and N digestibility of raw, roasted or extruded canola, linseed and soybean
Effect of dietary crude protein and energy content on nitrogen utilisation, water intake and urinary output in growing pigs
Study of particulate matter-, NOx- and hydrocarbon emissions from a diesel engine fueled with diesel oil and biodiesel with fumigation of hydrogen, methane and propane
Optimization of assay conditions and cultivation temperature in the nitrogen metabolism of barley leaves
Dynamics of dissolved organic matter and its bioavailability to heterotrophic bacteria in the Gulf of Finland, Northern Baltic Sea
Nitrogen Recovery from Struvite Precipitation Reject Water
NOx adsorber catalysts with improved desulfation properties and enchanced low-temperature activity
Effects of forest fertilization on soil microorganisms
Synthetic and molecular orbital studies of some substituted areneboronic acids containing dative boron-nitrogen bonds and their catalysis of the autosolvolysis of 2-chloroethanol
N-centered radicals
Dynamics of vegetation, nitrogen and carbon as indicators of the operation of peatland buffers
Concentration and estimated flow of soluble non-ammonia nitrogen entering the omasum of dairy cows as influenced by different protein supplements
Timing incorporation of different green manure crops to minimize the risk of nitrogen leaching
A comparison of nitrogen and carbon reserves in acid sulphate and non acid sulphate soils in western Finland
Ecosystem-level consequences of climate warming in tundra under differing grazing pressures by reindeer
Effects of nitrogen fertilization on the humus layer and ground vegetation under closed canopy in boreal coniferous stands
Removal of nutrients by algae from municipal wastewater contaminated with heavy metals
Inorganic nitrogen metabolism
Hydrological processes contributing to nitrogen leaching from forested catchments in Nordic conditions
Liberation of nitrogen from alder leaf litter
The effects of SO2 and SO3 poisoning on Cu/Zeolite SCR catalysts
Crop and soil specific N and P efficiency and productivity in Finland
Causes and consequences of forest growth trends in Europe : results of the Recognition Project
Nitrogen efficiency in agricultural soils
Trace element concentrations in the grain of wheat cultivars as affected by nitrogen fertilization
Biochar can restrict N2O emissions and the risk of nitrogen leaching from an agricultural soil during the freeze-thaw period
Intra-specific variation in cell wall constituents of needle age classes of Pinus sylvestris in relation to soil fertility status in Southwest England
The effect of nitrogen and phosphorus concentrations on nutrient balances of cereals and grass silage
Soil nitrate N as influenced by annually undersown cover crops in spring cereals
A single and uniform fertilizer application may lead to ineffective crop nutrient uptake and use. In order to enhance nutrient use efficiency the application should be adjusted according to the need of the cultivated crop. This task is challenging because weather is unknown and unpredictable over the upcoming growing season. One solution is site-specific fertilizer application in several separate events throughout the season. Such a precision fertilization method requires information on the current crop state (e.g. the availability of water and nutrients in the soil) and a crop growth model that aims to assess current crop growth and near future needs. A field experiment with varying radiation, precipitation and nutrient conditions was established to test our crop growth model performance. Spring wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) was grown using three fertilization rates with three precipitation and two radiation treatments within each fertilization treatment. The observed crop biomass accumulation in the highest fertilization treatment was considered as the highest possible in the prevailing conditions. The simulated (maximal) biomass accumulation was in agreement with the highest observed biomass yield. The results were found promising for further use of the model in crop growth evaluation during the growing season.
The story of N : a social history of the nitrogen cycle and the challenge of sustainability
The nuclear quadrupole moment of 14N obtained from finite element MCHF calculations on N+ (2p3p) 1P
The role of nitrogen in grassland productivity
The traditional production of mineral N and P fertilisers is unsustainable due its reliance on fossil fuels in the case of N, and on limited mineral resource stocks in the case of P. The use of alternative or complementary fertilisers that originate from organic waste materials is gaining interest. Organic farms, especially arable organic farms without livestock, need usable sources of plant nutrients. Meat bone meal (MBM), a potential organic fertiliser for agricultural crops, contains considerable amounts of nutrients (on average 8% N, 5% P, 1% K and 10% Ca). In EU countries, Commission regulation (EC) No 181/2006 authorised the use of MBM as an organic fertiliser. In this study, MBM was compared to conventional mineral NPK fertiliser. Two randomised complete block split-plot field experiments were conducted: one with spring barley (Hordeum vulgare) in two years; and another with oat (Avena sativa) for three years, including a fourth year of testing for residual effect. Compared to mineral fertiliser (20% N, 3% P and 9% K), MBM was applied at three N levels: 60, 90 and 120 kg N ha-1. The grain yield of both cereal species supported by MBM, did not differ from the yield obtained with the mineral fertiliser at any N level. At 120 kg N ha-1, the grain yield level with either type was ca. 4500 kg ha-1 of barley and 5000 kg ha-1 of oat, representing fair averages for Finnish conditions. Moreover, MBM and mineral fertilisation showed no differences in quality in terms of 1000-grain weight, test-weight, protein content and protein yield. Since MBM has a low N/P ratio, P was applied in surplus to attain comparable N levels. Therefore MBM fertilisation should be fitted for crop rotation and for meeting environmental requirements.
Proceedings of the International Workshop on Ecological Aspects of Vegetable Fertilisation in Integrated Crop Production in the Field : Wellesbourne, Warwick, United Kingdom, 27-31 July, 1998
Nitrogen fertilization and yield formation of potato during a short growing period
The N degradability and N digestibility of raw, roasted or extruded oilseeds were studied using an in vitro enzyme method. The N degradability and N digestibility of canola, linseed and soybean were calculated based on the proportional difference in N remaining after incubation and the initial N content. Heat treatments increased the undegradable N fraction of linseed and soybean, whereas that of canola was decreased by extrusion. Heat treatments did not decrease the N digestibility of the oilseeds compared to raw samples. The high N digestibility and lower acid detergent insoluble N values of heat treated oilseeds indicated no indigestible complexes were formed. In conclusion, roasting or extrusion can be used to increase the undegradable N fraction of linseed and soybean to increase the dietary protein availability for digestion in ruminants, but was less effective for canola. The present heat treatments did not damage the protein or affect the N digestibility of the oilseeds.
The resilience of understorey vegetation and soil to increasing nitrogen and disturbances in boreal forests and the subarctic ecosystem
Diagnosis of the nitrogen status in crops
Logging residues and ground vegetation in nutrient dynamic forest
Nitrogen and phosphorus : food production, waste and the environment
Optimizing nitrogen management in food and energy production and environmental protection : contributed papers from the 2nd International Nitrogen Conference, 14-18 October 2001, Potomac, Maryland, USA
Nitrogen and phosphorus losses from a feedlot for suckler cows
Meat and bone meal as nitrogen fertilizer to cereals in Norway
The chemistry of the nitro and nitroso groups. Part 1-2
Deactivation effects of biofuels on SCR catalysts
Biogeochemical cycles of elements : an introduction to behaviour of main mineral nutrients of plants and microorganisms
The role of terpenes in carbon and nitrogen cycling in boreal forest soils
Effects of meat bone meal as fertilizer on yield and quality of sugar beet and carrot
Regulation of macroalgal growth by light and nitrogen availability
Three winter wheat cultivars were grown under low-N and high-N fertilization rates over two growing seasons. In spite of smaller 1000-grain weight, the high-N fertilization produced higher grain yields as well as grain N and trace element concentrations in both growing seasons. Trace element increments with high-N rate averaged 14.0% for Fe, 9.2% for Zn, 19.7% for Mn, 13.2% for Cu, 15.1% for Ni, and 23.0% for Cd. Only Na concentration was unaffected by N fertilization, whereas Pb and Cr were below detection limits. Absolutely small, but significant differences existed among tested cultivars for all trace elements and these cultivar effects were uniform on both N fertilization rates. However, cultivars differed in their rankings for trace element concentrations across two growing seasons and these specific responses appeared to be closely related to grain N.
Growth and defence in plants : resource allocation at multiple scales
The organic chemistry of nitrogen
Leaf morphological and physiological responses of Quercus aquifolioides along an altitudinal gradient
Nitrogen fixation : volume 4 : molecular biology
The effect of increasing doses of meat and bone meal (MBM) on maize (Zea mays L.) grown for grain
Nutrient use in crop production
Farm level cost of reducing nitrate leaching by economic instruments in Croatian farming systems
Variation of Air Pollutant Concentrations in Residential Areas of the Helsinki Metropolitan Region
Nitrogen cycling in a mature mountainous beech forest
Properties of top soil and the relationship between soil and trees in a boreal Scots pine stand
Global carbon cycle and climate change
Advances in plant nutrition. Volume 1
Modelling the impacts of sulphur and nitrogen deposition on forests
Soil emission of nitrous oxide and its mitigation
NOx adsorber catalyst technology has been successfully applied on diesel vehicles to enable them to satisfy stringent NOx emission regulations. One limitation of this technology is the requirement to regularly desulfate the adsorber to maintain high NOx conversion efficiency. In addition to adding significant engine and calibration complexity, these high temperature desulfation events accelerate the thermal degradation of the exhaust system components. Minimization of the severity and the frequency of the desulfation events is highly desirable. Laboratory studies to understand desulfation processes and to identify improved NOx Adsorber washcoat compositions are described. These studies led to a new generation of NOx adsorber catalysts with reduced desulfation temperatures, faster desulfation rates and enhanced low-temperature activity. The new generation of catalysts also enabled the potential for PGM thrifting, especially for applications with low engine- out NOx emissions. These PGM thrifted catalysts demonstrated excellent performance after exposure to long-term sulfation/desulfation/thermal aging cycles.
Fertilizer value of urine in pumpkin (Cucurbita maxima L.) cultivation
Microbial nutrient transformations and studies on microbial communities in a lake chain in the River Kokemäenjoki waterway
Governing the blue-green Baltic Sea : societal challenges of marine eutrophication prevention
Nitrogen transformations in boreal forest soils in response to extreme manipulation treatments
Mineral nitrogen in the plant-soil system
Trends in global emissions: carbon, sulfur, and nitrogen
Slow-release fertilizer to increase grain N content in spring wheat
Effects of nitrogen deposition on integrated monitoring sites : proceedings from an international workshop in Oslo, 6-7 March, 1995
Nitrogen and phosphorus balances on Finnish dairy farms
Nitrogen transfer from Inga edulis and Gliricidia sepium to Theobroma cacao in an experimental cacao plantation
Ectomycorrhiza: carbohydrates, minerals and hormones
Transition path selection between ammonium nitrate solid phases IV, III and II
Pinus contorta growth in boreal Sweden as affected by combined lupin treatment and soil scarification
Characterization of signaling mechanisms regulating cardiac contractility
Summary.
Nitrogen fertilizer rates, N balances, and related risk of N leaching in Finnish agriculture
Crop yields and supply of nitrogen compared in conventional and organic farming systems
A process-based growth model for the grass stage pine seedlings
Horse dung contains considerable amounts of nitrogen which is partly lost during the storage period. Leaching of nitrogen from the dung can be prevented with constructions but also gaseous N-emissions occur. However, the emission rates are not reported in the literature. We measured in laboratory conditions nitrous oxide (N2O), nitric oxide (NO) and nitrous acid (HONO) emissions from fresh, one month old and one year old horse dung samples. NO and HONO emissions increased with the storage time of the dung. The mean emission rates of HONO and NO were from 36 to 280 ng N kg dw-1h-1 and from 15 to 3500 ng N kg dw-1h-1, respectively. N2O emissions were more variable showing also highest emissions (20.3 µg N kg dw-1 h-1) from the oldest samples. Thus, the longer storage of horse dung increases gaseous N losses which should be taken into account when planning the environmental friendly way to handle horse dung..
Global assessment of acidification and eutrophication of natural ecosystems
Biology of the nitrogen cycle
Raised atmospheric CO2 levels and increased N deposition cause shifts in plant species composition and production in Sphagnum bogs
Effects of nitrogen fertilization on forest trees in relation to insect resistance and to red-listed insect species
In-cylinder diesel particulate and NOx control 1999.
Selective catalytic reduction of nitrogen oxides with ammonia in forced unsteady state reactors : case based and mathematical model simulation reasoning
Nutrient status and development of tree stands and vegetation on ash-fertilized drained peatlands in Finland
Urban ecosystem services at the plant-soil interface
Testing the use of an analytical and mechanistic C3 - biomass accumulation model for precision fertilization
Meat and bone meal (MBM) is a by-product of the meat industry and is an important pathway for recycling of N and P. MBM contains about 8% N, 5% P, 1% K and 10% Ca. Field trials compared the effects of MBM and mineral  fertilizer on yield and quality of sugar beet (2008-2009) and carrot (2010-2011) in Finland. MBM fertilisation of sugar beet grown on clay loam and sandy clay soil gave 11.4% (2008) and 19.6% (2009) lower yields than mineral fertilizers. The lower root yield in 2008 was compensated by higher extractable sugar content and lower amino-N, K and Na in root but no such compensation in root quality was detected for 2009. Mixing MBM with mineral NPK fertilizers had similar effects as MBM-alone. MBM (80 kg N ha-1 2010 and 60 kg N ha-1 2011) together with K fertilizer (Patentkali®, 180 kg K ha-1) were applied for carrot to a fine sandy till soil in 2010 and sandy loam in 2011. MBM alone gave 14% lower total and marketable root yield than mineral fertilization. The lower yield was compensated by improved quality, lower NO3- content in the carrot and good storability. Adding extra fertilizer during growth or separating fertilization applications had no effect on root yield or quality. MBM performed in these cases mainly as an organic N fertilizer. The N supply from MBM is not sufficient for achieving same yields as with mineral fertilizers. The relative N efficiency of total N of MBM was 83% that of mineral fertilizers. MBM should be targeted on soils with low P status.  We conclude that MBM is a reasonably competitive alternative to mineral fertilizers, and as a recycled fertilizer it is a good option for organic production.
Diffusion GHG fluxes at tropical peatland drainage canal water surfaces
Reestimation and further development in the model N-LES, NLES3 to NLES4
The effects of sulfur poisoning and desulfation temperature on the NOx conversion of LNT+SCR systems for diesel applications
Nutrient analysis of a dry toilet compost leachate  : Case study of an allotment garden
The fifth Baltic Sea pollution load compilation (PLC-5)
The aim of organic agriculture is to produce food of high nutritional quality in sufficient quantity. Field experiments were conducted to evaluate the effect of organic and conventional growing systems on (i) total amounts and supply of N taken up or applied to plants during a five year crop cycle period and (ii) crops total dry matter (DM) yield obtained during same period. The total DM yields from the organic treatments were 25-33% smaller than from the conventional treatments. The ratio of N output/N input was significantly the smallest in the organic treatment with cattle manure, where only 37% of all supplied N was used by plants during the crop cycle period. The organic fertiliser with faster mineralisation rate and splitting the application of organic N during crop cycle period would be more appropriate to supply sufficient quantities of N during rapid plant growth and to obtain higher crop yields in organic farming systems.
Effects of climate change and simulated herbivory on growth responses and leaf characteristics of silver birch (Betula pendula) seedlings
Technical handbook on symbiotic nitrogen fixation : legume/rhizobium
Nitrogen turnover in the soil-crop system : modelling of biological transformations, transport of nitrogen and nitrogen use efficiency
Physical and chemical characteristics of some bark composts with emphasis on N-requirement when growing lettuce
Modelling nitrogen and phosporous inputs to Lake Kivu, Central Africa
Associative N2-fixation
Effects of long-term fertilisation on soil properties in Scots pine and Norway spruce stands
Environmental effects of afforestation in North-Western Europe : from field observations to decision support
Matrix isolation FTIR and ab initio study of complexes between formic acid and nitrogen
Potential NH4+ and NO3- uptake on various Sphagnum species
