http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10937 green manuring
green manuring
Green manure crops in organic vegetable production
Fundamentals of turfgrass management
Fundamentals of tropical turf management
Green manure extracts as stimulators and inhibitors of germination of barley and oat
Green manure in rice farming : proceedings of a symposium on sustainable agriculture : the role of green manure crops in rice farming systems, 25-29 May 1987.
Carbon and nitrogen dynamics in agroforestry systems : temporal patterns of some important soil processes
Applied turfgrass science and physiology
Technique of green mulch spreading = Viherkatteen levitystekniikka
Arboriculture : integrated management of landscape trees, shrubs, and vines
Proceedings of the First International Conference on Turfgrass Management and Science for Sports Field : Athens Greece, 2-7 June
Maize yield and soil property responses to Entada abyssinica (Steud. ex A. Rich.) cuttings in the Adamawa Lowlands, Cameroon
Soil pH and nutrient uptake in cauliflower (Brassica oleracea L. var. botrytis) and broccoli (Brassica oleracea L. var. italica) in northern Sweden : multielement studies by means of plant and soil analyses
Picture perfect : mowing techniques for lawns, landscapes and sports
Summary.
Entada abyssinica (Steud. ex A. Rich) is abundant and well recognized in the Ngaoundere area of northeast Adamawa Province, Cameroon, where swidden systems are practiced. Maize yield and soil chemical properties were analyzed from a two-factor block trial. The purpose was to determine the effects of E. abyssinica leaves used as green manure. The two factors were the amount of plant leaves applied and the application technique. Other than the two factors, the trial used current local farming methods. Maize yield showed significant increase when 2.50 kg cuttings were mixed with the soil, attributable to faster leaf decomposition and nutrient availability in the maize root zone. There was no significant increase in total nitrogen, available phosphorus, calcium or sodium in the 0-20 cm layer of soil. Mixing resulted in significant increases in soil organic matter, potassium and other soil fertility indicators. Higher quantities of the plant biomass significantly increased soil organic matter, base saturation and soil pH. The reduced acidity made soil nutrients more readily available. The interaction between application method and cutting methods showed significant increases for sum of bases, cation exchange capacity and base saturation, while magnesium showed a significant decrease. Using this abundant plant, farmers in the Adamawa Lowlands area can significantly increase maize yields for home consumption or sale beginning with the first year of application.
Timing incorporation of different green manure crops to minimize the risk of nitrogen leaching
Effect of undersowing and green manuring on abundance of ground beetles (Coleoptera, Carabidae) in cereals
The effect of incorporation time of different crops on the residual effect on spring cereals
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Organic Horticulture: Productivity and Sustainability : Lisbon, Portugal August 22-27, 2010
Growing media : for ornamental plants and turf
Green manure/cover crops and crop rotation in conservation agriculture on small farms
A primer on organic-based rice farming
