http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10970 Finnish Civil War
Finnish Civil War
The British intervention in South Russia 1918-1920
Revolutionary ferment in Finland and the origins of Civil War 1917-1918
The Finnish civil war and land lease problems
Why movements matter : the West German peace movement and U.S. arms control policy
The Finnish civil war, politics, and microhistory
Memories of the Civil War
The causes and nature of the civil wars that gripped the British Isles in the mid-seventeenth century remain one of the most studied yet least understood historical conundrums. This collection of essays explore the implications of John Morrill's suggestion that the English Civil War should be regarded as a war of religion.
Actium and Augustus : the politics and emotions of civil war
The White Generals : an account of the White Movement and the Russian Civil War
"How do a legal order and the rule of law develop in a war-torn state? Using his field research in Sudan, the author uncovers how colonial administrators, postcolonial governments, and international aid agencies have used legal tools, practices, and resources to promote stability and their own visions of the rule of law amid political violence and war in Sudan. Tracing the dramatic development of three forms of legal politics - colonial, authoritarian, and humanitarian - this book contributes to a growing body of scholarship on law in authoritarian regimes and on human rights and legal empowerment programs in the Global South. Refuting the conventional wisdom of a legal vacuum in failed states, this book reveals how law matters deeply even in the most extreme cases of states still fighting for political stability"--
Workers' narrative tradition in Finland after 1918.
The international dimension of the outbreak of the civil war in Finland in 1918
The "white terror" in Finland : illustrative documents extracted from the debate on the interpellation in the Finnish Diet, April 30th, 1919.
Introduction : the Finnish Civil War, revolution and scholarship
Northern underground : episodes of Russian revolutionary transport and communications through Scandinavia and Finland 1863-1917
White women, black men : illicit sex in the nineteenth-century South
Caesar's Civil war
Ordering anarchy : armies and leaders in Tacitus' Histories
Global civil society : an answer to war
Artisans and revolution in a Finnish country town
Major problems in the Civil War and Reconstruction : documents and essays
The use of eyewitness testimony in constructing local history : what really happened during the 1918 Finnish Civil War in Sammatti?
Soviet war crimes against Finland : a study on international law : the Soviet Union and her war crimes against Finland 1917-1991
Republican identities in war and peace : representations of France in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries
Liberation or suppression?
Genocide and ethnic cleasing? : the fate of Russian "aliens and enemies" in Finnish Civil War in 1918.
The 1918 Finnish civil war revisited: the digital aftermath
Within/without appearances : 25 April-15 May, 2002
The Spanish bow
Class struggle in the cemetery
What is Western and what is Eastern in Finland?
Finland's war of independence
Genocide lives in us : women, memory, and silence in Rwanda
The Finnish Civil War 1918 : history, memory, legacy
Remembering and forgetting the Finnish Civil War
Summary : Historical abstracts ( Santa Barbara, Cal. ) 16 ( 1970 ) s. 375.
Building up oral narratives as factual accounts : what really happened during the 1918 Finnish Civil War in Sammatti?
Civil war victims and the ways of mourning in Finland in 1918.
The red insurrection in Finland in 1918 : a study based on documentary evidence
Capture of the Tarmo : the icebreaking steamer Tarmo in the Finnish Civil War of 1918.
Writing the English republic : poetry, rhetoric and politics, 1627-1660
On remembering and forgetting the Finnish Civil War in 1918 : disappeared husband, narrated father
State and revolution in Finland
Mercy at midnight : how one courageous woman set prisoners free
Meirän kaupunki : Työväenmuseon opas : a guide to the Finnish Labour Museum = Our town
Finland at peace and war 1918-1993
1776 : America and Britain at war
From grand duchy to modern state : a political history of Finland since 1809
Finland in the twentieth century
Finland and the United States, 1917-1919 : early years of mutual relations
Judicial repression after the civil wars in Finland (1918) and in Spain (1936-1939)
Russia and the origins of the Finnish civil war of 1918
Women at war
Revolution : Civil War and ethnic relations: the case of Finland
The Finnish revolution 1917-1918
Memory, history, nation : contested pasts
Under the North Star. 2, The Uprising
The failure of the security paradigm in Syria : the human security perspective
Marshal Mannerheim and the Finns
Coming to terms with a dark past : how post-conflict societies deal with history
Places of memory in the red Vyborg of 1918
Construction of cultural policy
Finnish disabled war veteran : summary of Suomalainen sotainvalidi
Fighting for Rome : poets and Caesars, history and civil war
Finland 1917-1919 : three conflicts, one country : an American historian traces the tumultuous years following Finland's achievement 0f independence 90 years ago
Eyewittnesses in a city at war
Vapaussodan muistomitalit = The Finnish commemorative medals of the War of Independence 1918
Places lost, memories regained : narrating the 1918 Finnish Civil War in Sammatti
Warfare and terror in 1918
Chronicles the lifelong friendship and rivalry between Feliu Delargo, a Catalan cellist, and eccentric piano prodigy Justo Al-Cerraz, a relationship that is dramatically transformed by the arrival in their lives of Aviva, an Italian violinist with a haunted past.
Memories and histories, public and private : after the Finnish Civil War
Finnish sailors and soldiers in the American Civil War
A school board dominated by landowners and an elementary school teacher in conflict after the Civil War in Finland
Post-conflict justice and the Finnish civil war 1918 : reconciliation without truth?
Historical injustice and democratic transition in eastern Asia and northern Europe
Narrative tradition and everyday communication after the Finnish Civil War in 1918
Remembering the Finnish Civil War : confronting a harrowing past
In time of storm : revolution, civil war, and the ethnolinguistic issue in Finland
The unfinished journey : America since World War II
Under the North Star
International organizations and civil wars
Men vem gav orderna? = But who gave the orders?
Summary.
Making peace : Ahtisaari and Aceh
Under the North Star. 2 : The uprising
[Summary: Historical abstracts (Santa Barbara, Cal.) 2 (1956) s. 259].
Brother against brother
The suitcase : refugee voices from Bosnia and Croatia
Historical memory and collective tradition in working-class folklore in Finland
Between good and evil
War through the children's eyes
Coping with the civil war of 1918 and twenty-first century Finland
Not breaking the rules, not playing the game : international assistance to countries at war
Tampere 1918 : a town in the civil war
Suomen ilmavoimat = Finnish air force. [1], 1918-1927
The Finish cvil war of 1918 : a national catastrophe that might have been avoided
Implementing humanitarian law applicable in armed conflicts : the case of Finland
The Cambridge history of the First World War. / Volume 3, Civil society
Finland as a latecomer state in an Eastern European perspective
[Summary: Historical abstracts (Santa Barbara, Cal.) 10 (1964) s. 219].
Ahvola 1918 : archaeological reconnaissance of a Finnish civil war battlefield
Muslims of the Soviet empire : a guide
"To work, to life or to death" : studies in working class lore
Finland and the Russian revolution : 1917-1922
Lucan : spectacle and engagement
The Finnish revolution : a self-criticism
England's wars of religion, revisited
The cloud sketcher
Memories and visions
Peasant Russia, civil war : the Volga countryside in revolution, 1917-1921
Vasa in the year of 1918.
Politics and war in the three Stuart kingdoms, 1637-49
The crisis: Finnish-American workers and the Civil war in Finland
Finland ̕ s war of independence, 1918
The First International and after : political writings, 3
Kampuchea : decade of the genocide : report of a Finnish Inquiry Commission
The Finnish Civil War 1918 and its aftermath
Cold will : the defence of Finland
English summary: Russian war victims in Finland, 1914-1922. Part 2.1. : hostilities from 1918 to 1922.
Mapping European security after Kosovo
Untold stories, twice-told tales : how people narrate their own histories
Memory and amnesia : the role of the Spanish Civil War in the transition to democracy
Varkaus and its people : a hundred years
Summary: Historical abstracts (Santa Barbara, Cal.) 25 B 1979 s. 332.
Law's fragile state : colonial, authoritarian, and humanitarian legacies in Sudan
The sixties : a pictorial re view
The return of the narrator
Hidden narratives and war
