http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10965 human trafficking
human trafficking
The weight of blood
Women and trafficking
Prostitution, Harm and Gender Inequality brings together international research exploring the range of gendered harms to women involved in prostitution and the consequences of growth of the sex industry for global gender relations. While there is an increasing amount of research and academic output on prostitution, the current focus is often on discussion and critique of policy frameworks, and contemporary debates over harm are largely limited to sex trafficking and sexual exploitation of children. Less attention is paid to questions of how the sex industry perpetuates notions of objectification and male entitlement with respect to sexual access to women's bodies, despite being key feminist concerns for several decades. This position has become effectively marginalized, but the global growth and industrialization of the sex industry requires a return to these questions. Through exploring gendered inequality and re-engaging with an understanding of prostitution as harmful with impacts on the self and body that are experienced as abusive but do not always constitute violence, this book introduces a range of research and thinking, while also drawing on existing literature to explore the consequences of prostitution for women in the sex industry and wider gender relations. These issues are discussed with regard to: coercion and recruitment, including trafficking; notions of male entitlement in accounts of men who buy sex; critical interrogations of agency and choice; legal and policy frameworks; and representations of prostitution in popular culture.
The industrial vagina : the political economy of the global sex trade
Stop the traffik : people shouldn't be bought & sold
Chain of custody : an inspector Gowda novel
To tell the truth
West of the moon
Human trafficking
Stitched. Volume 1
The boy in the suitcase
Unfinished business : a comparative survey of historical and contemporary slavery
Alone in the dark
Row for freedom : crossing an ocean in search of hope
The weight of blood : a novel
From forced flexibility to forced labour : the exploitation of migrant workers in Finland
Concubinage and servitude in late imperial China
The night ferry
Understanding global slavery : a reader
Rhetoric in the American and Cuban palaver on human trafficking
Interdisciplinary researches concerning E.U. underground markets
When FBI Special Agent Griffin "Decker" Davenport wakes from his coma, he is desperate to find the missing children he knows are in danger. At the end of his last investigation, when he thought it was all over and justice had been served, he discovered that not everyone had been rescued, but he was shot before he was able to tell anyone.  Special Agent Kate Coppola has recently moved to Cincinnati. She says she's chasing a promotion but she's actually running away from heartache. She's found the recordings from Decker's time undercover and has been at his side in the hospital while she tries to put together the pieces of the crime he was investigating—and what connection it has to his own mysterious past.  When someone tries to kill Decker in his hospital bed, he and Kate realise that the children are not the only ones whose lives are threatened, and that they must stop at nothing to hunt down the perpetrators. And danger is waiting in every dark corner.
Human trafficking in Asia : forcing issues
A shocking tour through a macabre global underworld where organs, bones, and live people are bought and sold on the red market. Investigative journalist Scott Carney has spent five years tracing the lucrative and deeply secretive trade in human bodies and body parts. The Red Market reveals the rise, fall, and resurgence of this multibillion-dollar underground trade through history, from early medical study and modern universities to poverty-ravaged Eurasian villages and high-tech Western labs; from body snatchers and surrogate mothers to skeleton dealers and the poor who sell body parts to survive. While local and international law enforcement have cracked down on the market, advances in science have increased the demand for human tissue--ligaments, kidneys, even rented space in women's wombs--leaving little room to consider the ethical dilemmas inherent in the flesh-and-blood trade.--From publisher description.
Breaking the vicious cycle : a study of human trafficking prevention work in mainland China and Hong Kong
In my house
Your can't have my daughter : a true story of a mother's fight to save her daughter from Oxford's sex traffickers
Illusion of incoherence : the right to access to medicines, WTO medicines decision and TRIPS-Plus measures
Mail order brides in modern America : a critical analysis of tafficked brides in public perception
The validity of the prohibition in combatting transnational organised crime
National plan of action against trafficking in human beings : Finland
Bombay going : migration, return and anti-trafficking in the lives of Nepali migrant sex worker
Unidentified victims of sex-trafficking and Foulcauldian biopower : a study on (Finnish) anti-trafficking discourses and practices
Human trafficking : a global perspective
Singing from the same hymn sheet? : a closer look at the framing of human trafficking by counter-traffiking actors in Lao PDR
The trader of Saigon
Creating an integrated society and recognising differences : the role and limits of human rights, with special reference to Europe
Trafficking in human beings and Foucauldian biopower : a case study in the expansion of the human rights phenomenon
The Big Bad Wolf
Prostitution, trafficking, and traumatic stress
This book offers a brand-new perspective on human trafficking as an illegal business. It also proposes a new form of networked action: combining the perspectives of academic researchers with those of highly skilled professionals involved in policymaking in this area, this book is a unique contribution and a first step toward a networking paradigm, promoting collaboration in preventing and combating human trafficking crime, and in raising awareness of this ongoing problem. This book was born within the CINETS group ? Crimmigration Control International Net of Studies (www.crimmigrationcontrol.com), which was established in 2011 with the aim of bringing together expertise from different fields, professions, universities and countries. It aims to form a new paradigm for sharing knowledge and advancing research on topics related to human trafficking, crimmigration control, immigration and crime, immigrant detention and all types of violence that may affect victims of crimes, helping to create a fairer society.
Data and research on human trafficking : a global survey
The walled city
Interest in contemporary slavery has increased dramatically over the last ten years, but there remains a widespread tendency to view slavery in the past and slavery in current society as independent fields of study. This book provides a comparative analysis of historical slave systems and modern forms of human bondage. From this standpoint, recent concerns over human trafficking, debt-bondage, child labor and other related problems are analyzed in view of the historical strengths and weaknesses of the legal abolition of slavery. By bringing together a range of studies on different aspects of slavery, both past and present, this book provides a platform for promoting dialogue about ways of addressing both contemporary slavery and the enduring legacies of historical slave systems.--Publisher's description.
Human trafficking, human security, and the Balkans
The girl who played with fire
The illegal trade of organs and tissues
"This book examines all forms of human trafficking globally, revealing the operations of the trafficking business and the nature of the traffickers themselves"--
Human Trafficking and Tourism   : Case: Thailand in the Media
The red market : on the trail of the world's organ brokers, bone thieves, blood farmers, and child traffickers
Women and immigration law : new variations on classical feminist themes
The perfect business? : anti-trafficking and the sex trade along the Mekong
The summer of dead toys
Trafficking justice : how Russian police enforce new laws, from crime to courtroom
Berry Pickers : victims of trafficking?
Trafficking of Nigerian girls to Italy = Il traffico delle ragazze nigeriane in Italia
National rapporteur on trafficking in human beings : report 2013.
Modern slavery : the secret world of 27 million people
Modern slavery : work-based human trafficking in Finland
Ghost ship
Not one victim more: human trafficking in the Baltic States
Measuring human trafficking : complexities and pitfalls
Human trafficking, human misery : the global trade in human beings
The industrialization of prostitution and the sex trade has created a multibillion-dollar global market, involving millions of women, that makes a substantial contribution to national and global economies. The Industrial Vagina examines how prostitution and other aspects of the sex industry have moved from being small-scale, clandestine, and socially despised practices to become very profitable legitimate market sectors that are being legalised and decriminalised by governments. She argues that through these practices women's subordination has been outsourced and that states that legalise this industry are acting as pimps, enabling male buyers in countries in which women's equality threatens male dominance, to buy access to the bodies of women from poor countries who are paid for their sexual subservience. This major and provocative contribution is essential reading for all with an interest in feminist, gender and critical globalisation issues as well as students and scholars of international political economy.
A walk across the sun
Former Army Ranger Marcus O'Bannion and homicide cop Scarlet Bishop have met only briefly but when Scarlett receives a phone call in the middle of the night, she immediately recognises the hauntingly smooth voice asking her to meet him in one of Cincinnati's roughest areas. On arriving, Scarlett finds the body of a 17-year-old Asian girl and Marcus injured. A fierce champion of victims' rights, Marcus claims the young woman was working for an affluent local family and the last time he saw her she was terrified, abused, and clearly in need of help. Having agreed to meet her, both Marcus and the young woman were targeted for death. As they investigate, Scarlett and Marcus are pulled into the dangerous world of human trafficking where they soon realise they are going to have to become as ruthless as those they are hunting.
Dead tomorrow
Where in the puzzle : trafficking from, to and through Slovenia : assessment study
The Finnish national rapporteur on trafficking in human beings : report 2011.
Gender danger : survivors of rape, human trafficking, and honor killings
Trafficking and prostitution reconsidered : new perspectives on migration, sex work, and human rights
The prostitution of women and girls
Summary (s. 9-22).
Labour exploitation : developing our criminological understanding to labour exploitation
International sex trafficking of women & children : understanding the global epidemic
Nordic Baltic campaign against trafficking in women : final report 2002.
Fleshmarket alley : an inspector Rebus novel
Human rights and wrongs : slavery, terror, genocide
To plead our own cause : personal stories by today's slaves
National rapporteur on trafficking in human beings : report 2014.
Victim identified? : how the controlling mechanisms of illegal migration are affecting to the identification of victim of human trafficking in Finland?
Combating human trafficking : gaps in policy and law
"...This issue of 'Concilium' tries to break the wall of silence around trafficking that accompanies the wave of globalized trade and migration. The fight against trafficking has begun, and 'Concilium' wishes to look at governmental, transnational, and non-governmental initiatives that work to combat one of the most extreme forms of exploitation that emerged in the current economic system." --Editorial, p. 7.
The lost boys : inside football's slave trade
Critical examination of global liberal governance and new forms of political violence
Children in the global sex trade
Monitoring efforts against human trafficking
Seven for a secret
After me comes the flood
The anti-slavery game : a critical study of the purposes to widen the definition of slavery
IOM regional seminar on Migrant trafficking through the Baltic states and neighbouring countries : 17-18 September 1998, Vilnius, Lithuania : report
Human traffic : sex, slaves and immigration
Organized crime : an inside guide to the world's most succesful industry
Addressing human trafficking as a forced labour concern : the policy implications
Prostitution, harm and gender inequality : theory, research and policy
Empowering people at risk : human security priorities for the 21st century : report of the Helsinki Process on Globalization and Democracy : track on “Human security"
The Dark side of international business? : stakeholder approach to human trafficking in finnish service and construction sectors
Poliisit = End of watch
The Reykjavik assignment
The traffic in women : human realities of the international sex trade
Prostitution and human trafficking : focus on clients
European data collection on sexual offences against minors
Merchants of men : how kidnapping, ransom and trafficking funds terrorism and ISIS
Human sex trafficking
Constructing containment : a critical analysis of the framing of trafficking in human beings in European Parliament discourse
Every dark corner
Feminist influences on legal fremeworks for sex trafficking : international an domestic implications
A growing force : civil society's role in Asian regional security
Trafficking in women : the Czech Republic perspective
National Rapporteur on trafficking in human beings : report 2014 : assessment of the current state of action against human trafficking and of the fulfilment in criminal proceedings of the rights of victims of human trafficking subjected to sexual exploitation
The illegal business of human trafficking
Trafficking in migrants through Poland : multidisciplinary research into the phenomenon of transit migration in the candidate member states of the EU, with a view to the combat of traffic in persons
Rounding the mark
Concubinage and Servitude in Late Imperial China is a survey of the institutions and practice of concubinage and servitude in both the general populace and the imperial palace in Ming-Qing China, focusing on an examination on political and socioeconomic history through the lives of this particular group of distinct, yet associated, individuals.
A crime so monstrous : face-to-face with modern-day slavery
Education and sustainable solution to human trafficking in Sindupalchock, Nepal
Global human trafficking : critical issues and contexts
Slavery Inc.: the untold story of international sex trafficking
Caught in the web : inside the police hunt to rescue children from online predators
EU annual report on human rights 2008
Merchants of labour
Protecting the victims of human trafficking and people at risk of being trafficked under the 1951 Refugee convention and its 1967 protocol relating to the status of refugees
Discursive effects of anti-prostitution law in Korea
In the sea there are crocodiles : the story of Enaiatollah Akbari
Migration law in Finland
Human traficking for the purpose of organ removal : recent developments in the Netherlands and developments in the field of international regulations
Illicit flows and African security
Trafficking in women : views from the Finnish-Russian border
Trafficking in women and children in Europe
Protection schemes for victims of trafficking in selected EU member countries, candidate and third countries
The doll : a novel
Trade of innocents
