http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1092 out-patient clinics
out-patient clinics
Alcohol intoxication among patients on admission to the emergency unit of Kemi central hospital: / a clinical experiment using breath analysis for blood alcohol
Abstract: The need for information of a newcomer nurse at an outpatient policlinic.
Summer house with swimming pool
Improving the operation of an emergency department by using a simulation model
Psychiatric post-ward outpatient services : between hospital and community
Women exposed to acute physical intimate partner violence seeking care at emergency departments
Mobile telemedicine : a computing and networking perspective
[Abstract]: The need for information of a newcomer nurse at an outpatient policlinic.
Early detection of severe sepsis in the emergency room in adults : clinical utility of prognostic markers
Deliberately self-poisoned adolescents at the emergency clinic of Turku University Hospital, Finland, in 1997-1999
A mind to murder
It's a jungle out there : a quantitative study on the nurses level of knowledge on infection control
Characteristics of intoxicated children and adolescents referred to emergency department
Sheehy's manual of emergency care
The impact of the user charge on the demand for paediatric injury care : analysis of a natural experiment in Helsinki during 1989-1994
Arthritis patient as an emergency case at a university hospital
English summary.
Summary.
One red shoe
Empowering families of children with asthma through adaptation training
The contemporary and future clinical skills of emergency department nurses : experts' perceptions using delphi- technique
This Bachelor's thesis has been produced in cooperation with Tampere University Hospital (TUH) between falls of 2009 and 2010. The purpose of this thesis is to map the knowledge nurses have on infection control in TUH. The thesis was implemented by means of a quantitative research in which the tool was a questionnaire of thirty-one (31) right-wrong statements. There were 38 responses that all were used in the analyzing phase.    The results of the research show that nurses working on TUH outpatient clinics have already some education on the topic. Nevertheless more education is needed according to the gained results. The whole thesis process was based on four bundles (Appendix 4). The statements were divided and analyzed under these four bundles.
Clinical characterization of patients with prodromal Alzheimer's disease at memory clinic and in clinical trials
A mind to murder : an Adam Dalgliesh mystery
The lean doctors workbook : an application guide for transforming outpatient clinic systems with Lean
Rheumatoid arthritis patient education and self-efficacy
