http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10976 metamorphosis (biology)
metamorphosis (biology)
When toys come alive : narratives of animation, metamorphosis, and development
Flora the Fairy's magic spells
Written in the blood
Soonchild
The answer. The beginning
Big bad beast
Otherkin
The saga of Darren Shan. Volume 4 : Vampire mountain
The cats of Tanglewood forest
Poetry and metamorphosis
How to howl at the moon
Geometric transformations
All I said was..
Shadow heir : a dark swan novel
Harry Potter and the prisoner of Azkaban
Dr Jekyll and mr Hyde : a Sherlock Holmes mystery
The very hungry caterpillar
"Martha Wells expands her world of the Raksura with the start of a brand new Three Worlds series. An expedition of groundlings from the Empire of Kish have traveled through the Three Worlds to the Indigo Cloud court of the Raksura, shape-shifting creatures of flight that live in large family groups. The groundlings have found a sealed ancient city at the edge of the shallow seas, near the deeps of the impassable Ocean. They believe it to be the last home of their ancestors and ask for help getting inside. But the Raksura fear it was built by their own distant ancestors, the Forerunners, and the last sealed Forerunner city they encountered was a prison for an unstoppable evil. Prior to the groundlings' arrival, the Indigo Cloud court had been plagued by visions of a disaster that could destroy all the courts in the Reaches. Now, the court's mentors believe the ancient city is connected to the foretold danger. A small group of warriors, including consort Moon, an orphan new to the colony and the Raksura's idea of family, and sister queen Jade, agree to go with the groundling expedition to investigate. But the predatory Fell have found the city too, and in the race to keep the danger contained, the Raksura may be the ones who inadvertently release it. The Edge of Worlds, from celebrated fantasy author Martha Wells, returns to the fascinating world of The Cloud Roads for the first book in a new series of strange lands, uncanny beings, dead cities, and ancient danger"--
Othermoon
Stay out of the basement
Great Bear Lake
Someplace to be flying
Dark Lycan : a Carpathian novel
When a vengeful ancient goddess threatens to end the world, the Crows must join forces with their former enemies, the Protectors, putting Jace Berisha into contact with Ski Eriksen, who is intent on getting closer to her.
Metamorphosis and other stories
Werewolves and shapeshifters : encounters with the beast within
The diversion. The ultimate
Peepholes
When I woke up I was a hippopotamus
The last wilderness
The saga of Darren Shan. Volume 2 : The vampire's assistant
Cloaked
The edge of worlds
The string diaries
Human animals : werewolves & other transformations
Switchers
Wolf with benefits
The mane squeeze
Alfie the werewolf : full moon
"Mercy Thompson has been hailed as "a heroine who continues to grow and yet always remains true to herself." Now she's back, and she'll soon discover that when the fae stalk the human world, it's the children who suffer. Tensions between the fae and humans are coming to a head. And when coyote shapeshifter Mercy and her Alpha werewolf mate, Adam, are called upon to stop a rampaging troll, they find themselves with something that could be used to make the fae back down and forestall out-and-out war: a human child stolen long ago by the fae. Defying the most powerful werewolf in the country, the humans, and the fae, Mercy, Adam, and their pack choose to protect the boy no matter what the cost. But who will protect them from a boy who is fire touched?"
Black heart
Richelle Mead Dark Swan bundle
The encounter
Fathomless
D.N. Angel. Volume 6 / [translation: Alethea Nibley, Athena Nibley]; [English adaptation: Sarah Dyer]
Elysium, or, The world after
Spirits in the stars
The predator
Transformative change in Western thought : a history of metamorphosis from Homer to Hollywood
Othersphere
The Metamorphosis of Ovid : from Chaucer to Ted Hughes
The books of magic. Book 4 : Transformations
Alfie the werewolf : birthday surprise
The once and future king
Fire touched
Flight from mayhem
How to date a dragon
Ranma 1/2. 8 / [English adaptation Gerard Jones & Toshifumi Yoshida]
When the murals painted on the walls of her Brooklyn neighborhood start to change and fade in front of her, Sierra Santiago realizes that something strange is going on--then she discovers her Puerto Rican family are shadowshapers and finds herself in a battle with an evil anthropologist for the lives of her family and friends / WorldCat.
Lady : my life as a bitch
Twins and the double
Sixteen-year-old Maya suspects there may be a relationship between her paw-print birthmark, her connection with wild animals, and strange events occurring in her tiny Vancouver Island community, where a medical research facility harbors big secrets.
The calling
The beast in him
The metamorphosis
Insect life-cycle polymorphism : theory, evolution and ecological consequences for seasonality and diapause control
The lobster
The mane event
The quest begins
Shadowshaper
Flight from death
The pig scrolls by Gryllus the Pig
The Princess and the Wizard
D.N. Angel. Volume 9 / [translation: Alethea Nibley, Athena Nibley]; [English adaptation: Sarah Dyer]
The saga of Darren Shan. Volume 1
The unleashing
Howl for it
Plasticity of metamorphosis in Atlantic halibut (Hippoglossus hippoglossus L.) : responses to internal and external cues
Who fears death
D.N. Angel. Volume 10 / [translation: Alethea Nibley, Athena Nibley]; [English adaptation: Sarah Dyer]
The sentinel mage
The mane attraction
The undoing
This groundbreaking volume maps the shifting place and function of marvelous transformations from antiquity to the present day. Shape-shifting, taking animal bodies, miracles, transubstantiation, alchemy, and mutation recur and echo throughout ancient and modern writing and thinking and continue in science fiction today as tales of gene-splicing and hybridisation. The idea of metamorphosis lies in uneasy coexistence with orderly worldviews and it is often cast out, or attributed to enemies. Augustine and the church fathers consider shape-shifting ungodly; Enlightenment thinkers suppress alchemy as unscientific; genetically-modified wheat and stem-cell research are stigmatised as unnatural. Yet the very possibility of radical transformation inspires hope just as it frightens. A provocative, theorising, trans-historical history, this book ranges across classics, literature, history, philosophy, theology and anthropology. From Homer and Ovid to Proust and H. P. Lovecraft and through figures from Proteus to Kafka's Fly and to Spiderman, four historical surveys are combined with nine case studies to show the malleable, yet persistent, presence of transformation throughout Western cultural history.
"An expedition of groundlings from the Empire of Kish have traveled through the Three Worlds to the Indigo Cloud court of the Raksura, shape-shifting creatures of flight that live in large family groups. The groundlings have found a sealed ancient city at the edge of the shallow seas, near the deeps of the impassable Ocean. They believe it to be the last home of their ancestors and ask for help getting inside. But the Raksura fear it was built by their own distant ancestors, the Forerunners, and the last sealed Forerunner city they encountered was a prison for an unstoppable evil.  Prior to the groundlings' arrival, the Indigo Cloud court had been plagued by visions of a disaster that could destroy all the courts in the Reaches. Now, the court's mentors believe the ancient city is connected to the foretold danger. A small group of warriors, including consort Moon, an orphan new to the colony and the Raksura's idea of family, and sister queen Jade, agree to go with the groundling expedition to investigate. But the predatory Fell have found the city too, and in the race to keep the danger contained, the Raksura may be the ones who inadvertently release it.  The Edge of Worlds, from celebrated fantasy author Martha Wells, returns to the fascinating world of The Cloud Roads for the first book in a new series of strange lands, uncanny beings, dead cities, and ancient danger. "--
Reawakened
Unleash the night
The absolute. The sacrifice
Multiscale analysis of deformation and failure of materials
The gods made flesh : metamorphosis & the pursuit of paganism
The gathering
The cloud roads
No mercy
The serpent sea
The gaping pig : literature and metamorphosis
Hungry like the wolf
Midnight's choice
Ondine : the summer of Shambles
Feeding ecology, nutrition, and growth in young cod (Gadus morhua L.) larvae
The strange case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
Proteus : the language of metamorphosis
Sweep in peace
D.N. Angel. Volume 5 / [translation: Alethea Nibley, Athena Nibley]; [English adaptation: Sarah Dyer]
The black swan
Metamorphosis : the mind in exile
The rising
Fire in the sky
When seventeen-year-old Lilliana Young enters the Metropolitan Museum of Art one morning during spring break, the last thing she expects to find is a live Egyptian prince with godlike powers, who has been reawakened after a thousand years of mummification. And she really can't imagine being chosen to aid him in an epic quest that will lead them across the globe. But fate has taken hold of Lily, and she, along with her sun prince, Amon, must travel to the Valley of the Kings, raise his brothers, and stop an evil, shape-shifting god named Seth from taking over the world.
