http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10973 functional foods
functional foods
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Plants as Food and Medicine : the Utilization and Development of Horticultural Plants for Human Health : Seoul, Korea, August 13-19, 2006
Ancient grains : the complete guide to cooking with power-packed millet, oats, spelt, farro, sorghum & teff
Lords of the harvest : biotech, big money and the future of food
Everyone eats : understanding food and culture
Key trends for food and health market : Story determines market success
Awareness of health and wellness issues is increasing in Mexico
Functional dairy products
Package communication of functional foods
Functional foods in Finland : consumers' views, attitudes and willingness to use
The food, GI-tract functionality and human health cluster : PROEUHEALTH : abstracts and posters : 3rd Workshop, Sitges, Spain, 15-17 March 2004
Applicability of fructophilic lactic acid bacteria in food industry
Added β-glucan as a source of fibre for consumers
The good gut diet cookbook with prebiotics and probiotics
The crisis of food brands : sustaining safe, innovative and competitive food supply
The practical encyclopedia of whole foods : with recipes for health and healing
FAIR : Agriculture and fisheries. Vol. 1, Functional food science in Europe
Functional foods : the consumer, the products and the evidence
FAIR : Agriculture and fisheries. Vol. 2, Food science and technology : functional food science in Europe
Gillian McKeith's food bible : the complete A-Z guide to a healthy life
Proceedings of the Xth International Symposium on Vaccinium and Other Superfruits, Maastricht, The Netherlands, June 17-22, 2012
Functional foods : the connection between nutrition, health, and food science
Whole-grain foods in health and disease
Health-functional foods in foodwebs : developing products in food specific networks
In vitro digestion models for dietary phenolic compounds
Superfoods : the healthiest foods on the planet
Actors and institutions in the emergence of a new field : a study of the cholesterol-lowering functional foods market
Heterogeneous catalytic isomerization of linoleic acid for production of anticarcinogenic food constituents
Functional foods for EU health in 2000 : 4th Workshop Demonstration of the Nutrional Functionality of Probiotic Foods, Rovaniemi, Finland, February 25-28, 2000
FAIR : Agriculture and fisheries. Vol. 3, Scientific concepts of functional foods in Europe : consensus document
Functional food carbohydrates
"Be your own kitchen doctor! Adriana Ayales grew up near the rainforest, where her grandmother set her on the path to herbal healing. Now she runs one of Brooklyn’s most popular juice bars--and she's also deeply knowledgeable about the rainforest's fruits, botanicals, and other exotic ingredients. With this guide she passes on her knowledge of ethnobotanical customs, soul cleansing, and therapeutic cooking.  Ayales explores the role of superfoods and superherbs and presents traditional recipes that embody ancient ways--including medicinal juicing for relaxation and rejuvenation, next-level cleansing, and infusions and teas to nourish body and soul. Enjoy a Cacao & Reishi Energy Elixir, make herbal extracts, learn cold-pressing techniques, and whip up a headache cure. These special, sometimes sacred formulas will help empower your life with vibrant creativity,"--Amazon.com.
This study analyzed Japanese senior female consumers' views on supplements and other health food products and their motives for the purchase decision making. The purpose of the study was to find out the personal values that determine the buying behavior of the target segment. Japan is one of the biggest markets of health food products in the world, and its growth potential is remarkable particularly in the markets of senior generations. Since the consuming culture of Japan is fairly female-dominated, the study focused on the senior female consumers in the Tokyo metropolitan area. As the theoretical background, the study employed the concepts of a cognitive and affective system, product knowledge as well as the means-end chain theory that is suitable for consumer behavior research. The core perception of the study was that the consumer marketing should be customer-oriented, in other words, based on the consumer's values and needs. The theories presented in the study were based on the conception that a consumer applies learned emotion and reason to the purchase decision, the bases of which are the personal values, namely the important issues and things for the consumer's life. The empirical part of the study was conducted by qualitative research. In the semi-structured laddering interviews, the sample products of Finnish and Japanese health food products were shown to the interviewees who were then asked repeatedly why the product attributes and the consequences mentioned in the interviews were important to them. The interviews were carried out in Japan with ten informants aged 58-77 during the summer 2008. The data was transcribed and encoded into mainly four product categories: tablets and capsules, dried and powdered berries, liquids and drinks, and teas. The data was analyzed by creating hierarchical value maps for the each product category. The maps illustrated the multi-level influence relations among the product attributes, the consequences, the informants' values, and the consumer environment. The most remarkable finding in the study was that typical supplements in the form of tablets and capsules gave chemical and artificial impression to most of the interviewees. A vegetable based diet and the use of clean produce instead provided a secure feeling to them. Furthermore, the attributes applicable to cooking, such as of powder, gained positive responses in the interviews. Taste and aroma were especially important attributes for the liquids and drinks, whereas teas were easily approachable due to the tea drinking culture of Japan although the Finnish sample tea consisted of unfamiliar ingredients. Family, social life, and work and hobbies were the essential factors for the choice of health food products.
The aim of this thesis was to investigate the consumption of healthy food and consumers' food-related behaviour by examining the life styles and further determine food-related consumer lifestyle segments in St. Petersburg and Joensuu. People 40 and above were the target group. The study concentrates on researching consumers' attitudes, interests and opinions in relation to food and eating. The main research problem is the relationship between food-related lifestyle and healthy food consumption in St. Petersburg and Joensuu. Moreover, the objective was to investigate how people proceed with their shopping, perceive quality and what their purchasing and consumption motives are.The basis of the theoretical part was the study of Food-related life style instrument by Brunso, Grunert & Bredahl (1996). Several other food related studies provided a wide range description of the market and its consumers and food-related lifestyle segments. A healthy lifestyle in general, a healthy food market, several food types regarded as healthy foods, particularly functional and organic foods are described detailer. Furthermore, consumers' interest, attitudes, opinions and lifestyles are illustrated from the various market areas. A research method was quantitative based on frequencies, cross tabulations, statistical tests, reliability analysis, principal component and cluster analysis as well as visual binning. The out come lead to formatting the segments. All together 412 respondents were interviewed: 212 from St. Petersburg and 200 from Joensuu. Data was analysed with the SPSS Statistics 17.0 programme. Most respondents of this sample were females and between the ages of 40-49 years old, but in Finland the classes were rather evenly distributed. The focus was a comparison of the two nationalities. Analysing consumers' behaviour was based on several background variables. It may be concluded that respondents from both market areas show similar consumer behaviour, but some distinctive cultural differences exist. Four consumer segments were found: hedonistic, low-involved, traditional and adventurous. Each segment has its own distinctive characteristics. In both countries the largest segment was the adventurous food consumer.  Thus, some general marketing methods can be utilised in both countries. On the other hand, national characteristics must be taken into account.
Phytosterols as functional food components and nutraceuticals
Enhancing health benefits of cereal foods - results, perspectives and challenges : final HealthGrain Conference 5-7 May 2010, Scandic Star Hotel, Lund, Sweden
Characterizing Propionibacterium freudenreichii ssp. shermanii JS and Lactobacillus rhamnosus LC705 as a new probiotic combination : basic properties of JS and pilot in vivo assessment of the combination
The anticipation of converging industries : a concept applied to nutraceuticals and functional foods
Functional foods
Foods that fight disease : a simple guide to using and understanding phytonutrients to protect and enhance your health
Studying innovation trajectories and networks : The case of Benecol margarine
Handbook of nutraceuticals and functional foods
Why raw? When cacao beans are naturally fermented and dried rather than roasted, they retain much more of their natural goodness. The process also means the berry and coffee notes found in raw chocolate's flavour are intensified - similar to unsweetened dark chocolate. Plus it's very versatile, works in savoury or sweet dishes and, most importantly, makes you feel good in your body and soul. Part of The Goodness Of series, Raw Chocolate offers well-chosen recipes that minimise cooking to ensure that as any of raw chocolate's nutrients as possible are retained to deliver the best benefits.
"Bioactive Foods in Health Promotion: Probiotics and Prebiotics brings together experts working on the different aspects of supplementation, foods, and bacterial preparations, in health promotion and disease prevention, to provide current scientific information, as well as providing a framework upon which to build clinical disease treatment studies. Since common dietary bacterial preparations are over-the-counter and readily available, this book will be useful to the growing nutrition, food science, and natural product community that will use it as a resource in identifying dietary behavioral modifications in pursuit of improved health as well as for treatment of specific disease, as it focuses on the growing body of knowledge of the role of various bacteria in reducing disease risk and disease."--Publisher's description.
Functional food: health care of profitable business? : secondary research - complex desk research
Dietary fibre : bio-active carbohydrates for food and feed
A radical innovations's contribution to a company's development : case: Benecol
International Symposium on Functional Foods : scientific and global perspectives, Paris, France,17-19 October 2001 : programme & abstracts
Bioactive foods in promoting health : probiotics and prebiotics
Forum on functional food : proceedings, Strasbourg, Council of Council 1-2 December 1998 ; [Council of Europe]
The Juice lady's big book of juices and green smoothies: more than 400 simple, delicious recipes!
Functional foods : concept to product
Proceedings of the 25th International Dairy Congress, Aarhus 21 - 24 September 1998. 1, Milk and health
New insights into the viability of probiotic bacteria
Functional foods : biochemical & processing aspects
Lower gastrointestinal microbiota in health and irritable bowel syndrome : characterisation and effect of probiotic intervention
101 foods that could save your life!
The goodness of raw chocolate : 40 amazing antioxidant recipes
On the borderline of food and drug : constructing credibility and markets for a functional food product
Inulin-type fructans : functional food ingredients
Nutraceuticals : efficacy, safety and toxicity
The biotechnology of lactic acid bacteria with emphasis on applications in food safety and human health
A means-end study of health food product choice : value definition of a silver segment of Japan
New functional food ingredients : cardiovascular health
An assessment of market opportunities and requirements for β-glucan rich oat bran ingredients in the European food industry
Nutritional and functional properties of squid and cuttlefish : 35th anniversary commemorative publication
Functional foods for disease prevention II : medicinal plants and other foods
Healing tonics : next-level juices, smoothies, and elixers for health and wellness
You are what you eat : the plan that will change your life
The 10 secrets of 100% healthy people
Proceedings of the 1st International Symposium on Medicinal, Aromatic and Nutraceutical Plants from Mountainous Areas : Map-Mountain 2011 : Saas-Fee, Switzerland, July 6-9, 2011
Functional food - safety aspects : symposium
The Food Bible : The ultimate guide to all that's good and bad in the food we eat
The drop 10 diet cookbook : more than 100 tasty, easy superfood recipes that effortlessly peel off pounds
Demand for functional foods that offer therapeutic and disease-prevention properties is globally increasing. Barley presents an opportunity in this regard due to its high antioxidants and dietary fiber contents. Barley wholegrain and milling fractions were investigated in terms of phenolic acids composition, scavenging capacity against DPPH and ABTS radicals and inhibition of human LDL oxidation in vitro. Ferulic and p-coumaric were the primary phenolic acids in wholegrain and pearled fractions accounting for 43-97% and 2-55% of total phenolic acids, respectively. This wide range demonstrates significant differences among barley wholegrain or pearled products. Antioxidant capacities also varied significantly among barleys with the hulless cultivars tested exhibiting the greatest. The outer layers fraction showed higher scavenging capacity against ABTS and DPPH radicals and inhibitory effects toward LDL oxidation compared with the endosperm fractions. The results suggest that the outer layer and hull fractions would potentially provide promising sources of natural antioxidants.
Functional foods, ageing and degenerative disease
HPLC analysis of plant sterol oxidation products
Vietnamese Functional Food Market Research : case study: Raisio Benecol & the Vietnamese Cardiovascular Health Market
Manufacturing yogurt and fermented milks
Cultured food for life : how to make and serve delicious probiotic foods for better health and wellness : [kefir, kombucha, cultured vegetables, sprouted flour, sourdough]
FAO food and nutrition technical report series
New revolution of food consumption in China
Foodstuffs and medicines as legal categories in the EU and China. Functional foods as a borderline case
Foodstuffs and medicines as legal categories in the EU and China : functional foods as a borderline case
Functional foods and biotechnology
Superfoods : the food and medicine of the future
Clinical aspects of functional foods and nutraceuticals
In this lively, illustrated overview, well-known raw-foods guru Wolfe profiles delicious and incredibly nutritious superfoods--vibrant, nutritionally dense foods that offer tremendous dietary and healing potential.
Phenolic acids and antioxidant properties of barley wholegrain and pearling fractions
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Berries : From Genomics to Sustainable Production, Quality and Health : Lisbon, Portugal August 22-27, 2010
Functional food research in Europe : 3rd Workshop, Demonstration of the Nutritional Functionality of Probiotic Foods, FAIR CT96-1028, Haikko Manor, Finland, October 1-2, 1998
Proceedings of the VIth International Symposium on Brassicas and XVIIIth Crucifer Genetics Workshop
Manuka : the biography of an extraordinary honey
Emerging bioresources with nutraceutical and pharmaceutical prospects
Superfood soups : a how to book
The practical encyclopedia of superfoods : with 150 high-impact power-packed recipes
Unmasking superfoods : the truth and hype about açaí, quinoa, chia, blueberries, and more
Sweet innovations for the Chinese : a case study of xylitol confectioneries' marketing opportunities on the Chinese markets
Health enhancing foods : opportunities for strengthening the sector in developing countries
7th International Oat Conference : proceedings
Contribution of modern biotechnology of lactic acid bacteria to development of health-promoting foods
Functional foods as a strategic area for food manufacturers : a study on the manufacturer/retailer interface in the French food industry
The functional and biological properties of whey proteins : prospects for the development of functional foods
Food related lifestyle segments in St. Petersburg, Russia and Joensuu, Finland: Case company Raisio group
Probiotics and prebiotics in food nutrition, health and food science
Formulating an international brand expression for Finnish functional food companies
The wholefood book
Functional foods. 2, Claims and evidence
Derived attributes as mediators between categorization and acceptance of new functional drink
Superfoods : the healthiest foods on the planet / Tonia Reinhard
