http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p109 parts of the body
parts of the body
World cancer report
Principles of animal physiology
The Experiment
Human body : a children's encyclopedia
The art of drawing anatomy
Mouth and tongue let's have some fun
The complete human body : the definitive visual guide
Laryngeal teaching series. Volume 2, Inside the scream
Atlas of human anatomy
An introduction to the human skeletal system, explaining how the 206 bones of the skeleton join together, how they grow, how they help make blood, what happens when they break, and how they mend.
Abstract.
Laryngeal teaching series. Volume 3, Inside the singing voice
The body in pieces : the fragment as a metaphor of modernity
This mortal coil : the human body in history and culture
20 lessons in keyboard choreography : The basics of physical movements at the piano
A pictorial handbook of anatomy and physio.
An in-depth study of the variety of collections of human remains in Britain in the long nineteenth century.
Boron biodistribution in Beagles after intravenous infusion of 4-dihydroxyborylphenylalanine-fructose complex
Anatomy & physiology for dummies
Thanks to Connor, Lev, and Risa, and their high-profile revolt at Happy Jack Harvest Camp, people can no longer turn a blind eye to unwinding. Ridding society of troublesome teens and, in the same stroke, providing much-needed tissues for transplant might be convenient, but its morality has finally been brought into question. However, unwinding has become big business, and there are powerful political and corporate interests that want to see it not only continue, but expand, allowing the unwinding of prisoners and the impoverished. Cam is a teen who does not exist. He is made entirely out of the parts of other unwinds. Cam, a 21st century Frankenstein, struggles with a search for identity and meaning, as well as the concept of his own soul, if indeed a rewound being can have one. When a sadistic bounty hunter who takes "trophies" from the unwinds he captures starts to pursue Connor, Risa and Lev, Cam finds his fate inextricably bound with theirs / Library of Congress.
Culture, body, and language : conceptualizations of internal body organs across cultures and languages
Me and my body
Insect body parts
Genomic approach to organ-specific growth control
The size of major mammalian sensory organs as measured from cranial characters, and their relation to the biology and evolution of mammals
"Transport phenomena refer to fluid mechanics within living organisms. This text offers in-depth coverage of the flow of body fluids, drug delivery systems, and design of artificial organs"--Provided by publisher.
Drawing hands & feet : Form, Proportions, Gestures and Actions
In a future world where those between the ages of thirteen and eighteen can have their lives "unwound" and their body parts harvested for use by others, three teens go to extreme lengths to uphold their beliefs--and, perhaps, save their own lives.
Kuby immunology
Embodiment via body parts : studies from various languages and cultures
From speech physiology to linguistic phonetics
Acland's DVD atlas of human anatomy. DVD 4, The head and neck. Part 1
Dogsteps, a new look : a better understanding of dog gait through cineradiography ("moving X-rays")
Principles of developmental genetics
Seeley's essentials of anatomy & physiology
Breathing, swallowing and voice in laryngeal disorders
The human chapter
Color atlas of anatomy : a photographic study of the human body
"Thanks to Connor, Lev, and Risa, and their high-profile revolt at Happy Jack Harvest Camp, people can no longer turn a blind eye to unwinding. Ridding society of troublesome teens and, in the same stroke, providing much-needed tissues for transplant might be convenient, but its morality has finally been brought into question. However, unwinding has become big business, and there are powerful political and corporate interests that want to see it not only continue, but expand, allowing the unwinding of prisoners and the impoverished. Cam is a teen who does not exist. He is made entirely out of the parts of other unwinds. Cam, a 21st century Frankenstein, struggles with a search for identity and meaning, as well as the concept of his own soul, if indeed a rewound being can have one. When a sadistic bounty hunter who takes "trophies" from the unwinds he captures starts to pursue Connor, Risa and Lev, Cam finds his fate inextricably bound with theirs"--
Laryngeal teaching series. Volume 1, Inside the voice
The Skeleton inside you
A brief atlas of the skeleton, surface anatomy, and selected medical images
Color atlas of human anatomy : in 3 volumes. Volume 1, Locomotor system
Laryngeal human papillomavirus infection
The illegal trade of organs and tissues
Undivided
Unwholly
Anatomy of the horse : a pictorial approach
Neurolaryngology : recent advances
Manual of dysphagia assessmant in adults
Color atlas of cancer cytology
Inside ballet technique : separating anatomical fact from fiction in the ballet class
Acland's DVD atlas of human anatomy. DVD 6, The internal organs
A journey through the human body
Acland's DVD atlas of human anatomy. DVD 3, The trunk
After the destruction of the Graveyard, Connor and Lev are on the run, seeking a woman who may be the key to bringing down unwinding forever while Cam, the rewound boy, tries to prove his love for Risa by bringing Proactive Citizenry to its knees / Library of Congress.
Wheater's functional histology : a text and colour atlas
Allergy in ENT practice : the basic guide
Understanding voice problems : a physiological perspective for diagnosis and treatment
Don't swallow your gum and other medical myths debunked
Ways of drawing hands : a guide to expanding your visual awareness
Richard Scarry's this is me
Cancer of the tongue in Finland : incidence, detection, survival and prognostic factors
Anatomy and kinesiology for ballet teachers
Tongue thrust and speech correction
Histology : a text and atlas with correlated cell and molecular biology
Bodies for sale : ethics and exploitation in the human body trade
Transport phenomena in biomedical engineering : artificial organ design and development and tissue engineering
Sobotta atlas of human anatomy. 1, Head, neck, upper limb
Using the body of the dead : legal, ethical and organisational dimensions of organ transplantation
The ultimate human body
The complete idiot's guide to anatomy
How the body works
Body parts and bodies whole : changing relations and meanings
Head, shoulders, knees and toes... = Madax, garbo, ruugag iyo suulal..
A perfect teaching tool for singing and speaking voice teachers.
Occupational therapy and older people
The arse in art
Morbid curiosities : medical museums in nineteenth-century Britain
Voice function and quality of life in laryngectomees
Ciliary function in mammalian development
Guide to the dissection of the dog
Adventures in human being
Three teens band together in order to sway the government to repeal all rulings in support of a procedure in which unwanted teenagers are captured and are unwound into parts that can be reused for transplantation / Library of Congress.
Movement : functional movement systems : screening, assessment, and corrective strategies
Forensic anthropology training manual
Role of Eda and Troy pathways in ectodermal organ development
Pocket atlas of tongue diagnosis : with Chinese therapy guidelines for acupuncture, herbs, and nutrition
Major fatty acid composition of some organ fats in the willow grouse (Lagopus lagopus) and the rock ptarmigan (Lagopus mutus)
The grammar of inalienability : a typological perspective on body terms and the part-whole relation
Regulatory mechanisms mediating matrix metalloproteinase-8 effects in oral tissue repair and tongue cancer
The evolution of organ systems
The ultimate human body : a multimedia guide to the body and how it works
Names of body parts in English, 1400-1550
Reactions and adaptations of organisms to cold
Atlas of anatomy : Latin nomenclature
The throat and its functions in swallowing, breathing and the production of the voice
My head-to-toe body book
A perfect teaching tool for singing and speaking voice teachers!
The body : a complete user's guide : how your body functions and how to keep it healthy and strong
Gray's Anatomy for students
Football clichés : a speculative effort, from distance, to translate the curious language of football
Presents dissections of unembalmed human bodies, allowing access to specific content through indexes and keyword searches. The specimens rotate relative to the camera, giving a three-dimensional view. Synchronized narration introduces strutures and their relationships. Links to section contents and index appear throughout; the main menu offers access to the index, table of contents (including review) and glossary for each disc.
Commodifying bodies
The human body : a visual guide to human anatomy
Woman in black
Essentials of human anatomy & physiology
