http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10967 fiscal policy
fiscal policy
Optimal economic growth using fiscal and monetary policies
Predicts a worse crash if key economic changes cannot be made, arguing that American consumer habits are at the heart of today's problems and recommends that the nation declare bankruptcy and rebuild broken systems from scratch.
Rules-based fiscal policy in France, Germany, Italy and Spain
Foreign Direct Investment in the Real and Financial Sector of Industrial Countries
Global capital and national governments
Islamic law and finance
We provide a brief overview of recent developments in the Indian macroeconomy, including aspects of the real economy, price developments, and monetary and fiscal policies.The picture that emerges is one of a rapidly growing economy, supported by strong domestic demand and credit flows.The economic boom has dragged the current account into deficit, while output growth has broadened to encompass the industrial sector.Fiscal deficit ratios have recently declined due to a rapid increase in the level of GDP, but public sector imbalances remain high, constraining necessary investments in health, education, physical infrastructure and overall poverty reduction. Keywords: India, economic growth, monetary policy, fiscal policy .
Public debt : the Brazilian experience
On Balance Sheet Effects, Currency Crises and Monetary Policy
The public budget balance : fiscal indicators and cyclical sensitivity in the Nordic countries
A memorandum submitted to the Canadian Royal Commission on Banking and Finance
Foreign finance in continental Europe and the United States, 1815-1870 : quantities, origins, functions and distribution
Statistics in focus. Economy and finance
Do the OECD countries follow the same fiscal policy rule?
How markets fail : the logic of economic calamities
Modern money theory : a primer on macroeconomics for sovereign monetary
The development of public finances and role of fiscal constraints in a monetary union : example eurozone
Using illiquid option prices to recover probability distributions
For the past three years or so, Japan has pursued an economic policy named after Prime Minister Abe as abenomics, with the intention of putting the country back on a path of sustainable economic growth via expansionary monetary and fiscal policy and structural reforms. These goals have not yet been achieved, but there has already been some progress. For the time being, economic growth has been sluggish, but the deflationary trend has been halted and structural reforms have moved forward. The preconditions for success of the programme are in place..
National development strategies : policy notes
The economic theory of fiscal policy
Dice have no memory : big bets and bad economics from Paris to the Pampas
Law and inflation
The myth of too big to fail
Inflation and investment controls in China : the political economy of central-local relations during the reform era
Rich people stash away trillions of dollars in tax havens like Switzerland, the Cayman Islands, or Singapore. Multinational corporations shift their profits to low-tax jurisdictions like Ireland or Panama to avoid paying tax. Recent stories in the media about Apple, Google, Starbucks, and Fiat are just the tip of the iceberg. There is hardly any multinational today that respects not just the letter but also the spirit of tax laws. All this becomes possible due to tax competition, with countries strategically designing fiscal policy to attract capital from abroad. The loopholes in national tax regimes that tax competition generates and exploits draw into question political economic life as we presently know it. They undermine the fiscal autonomy of political communities and contribute to rising inequalities in income and wealth. Building on a careful analysis of the ethical challenges raised by a world of tax competition, this book puts forward a normative and institutional framework to regulate the practice. In short, individuals and corporations should pay tax in the jurisdictions of which they are members, where this membership can come in degrees. Moreover, the strategic tax setting of states should be limited in important ways. An International Tax Organisation (ITO) should be created to enforce the principles of tax justice. The author defends this call for reform against two important objections. First, Dietsch refutes the suggestion that regulating tax competition is inefficient. Second, he argues that regulation of this sort, rather than representing a constraint on national sovereignty, in fact turns out to be a requirement of sovereignty in a global economy. The book closes with a series of reflections on the obligations that the beneficiaries of tax competition have towards the losers both prior to any institutional reform as well as in its aftermath.
Central Government Budget Proposal 2004.
Which types of aid have the most impact?
Economics of banking
The Financial times : Helsinki
Fiscal transition in the Baltics
Current income and private consumption - saving decisions : testing the finite horizon model
Transnational enforcement of the financial interests of the European Union : developments in the Treaty of Amsterdam and the Corpus Juris
Principles of Economics
Quasi-fiscal operations of central banks in transition economies
Transferring wealth and power from the old to the new world : monetary and fiscal institutions in the 17th through the 19th centuries
Summary.
"Economics of Banking presents a thorough overview and analysis of the key aspects of financial intermediation necessary to understand this field. Based on the latest theory, and supporting arguments with practical examples, Hans Keiding discusses the problems of competition, risk taking in banks and the irregularities that may occur as a result. Banks in distress and avoiding bank failures through suitable regulation are also treated in a rigorous, yet easy-to-understand way. Economics of Banking: [bullet] treats financial intermediation both from the point of view of the bank itself and from that of society [bullet] covers both microeconomics of banking and risk management in banks [bullet] offers more complicated mathematics as optional A comprehensive advanced undergraduate or master's level textbook for students in banking, economics and finance who need to get to grips with the economic theory of banks"--
Principles of economics : Study guide
Fiscal policy in the 1920s and 1930s : how much different it is from the post war period's policies?
Subnational budgeting in Russia : preempting a potential crisis
Monetary theory and fiscal policy
European Union economies : a comparative study
Dictionary of finance and investment terms
Policy interaction, learning and the fiscal theory of prices
Whoops! : why everyone owes everyone and no one can pay
Sustainability of public finances
International finance
Macroeconomics of monetary union
G20 and Global Governance : Zhiku lanpishu = blue book of G20 Think Tank
Fiscal policy in the smaller industrial countries, 1972-82
The return to Keynes
Yet another fiscal indicator
The statistical mechanics of financial markets
The effects of fiscal policy on the economy of Finland during 1990-2007
Frontiers of finance : the Batterymarch Fellowship papers
Recent fiscal developments in the candidate countries
Fit to bust : how great companies fail
Tax competition between states is what Peter Dietsch refers to in his title as "catching capital." In particular, he sees several forms of tax competition -- for portfolio capital, meaning holdings by wealthy private individuals; for the profits of multinational corporations; and for foreign direct investment, where actual economic activity is attracted. Peter Dietsch's book examines two central questions that stem from this situation. Is there anything ethically wrong about tax competition? And if there is, what should be done about it? Under the current system a lot of capital simply slips through the net; the loopholes caused by current tax competition mean that states do not capture the taxes they are entitled to. And as Thomas Piketty has argued, the vast increase in economic inequality stems in part from the ability of the rich to hide their wealth in this way. Given these moral issues, Dietsch argues that there is a pressing need for the global community to structure international fiscal policy to plug these loopholes. But how should it do so? Will the fiscal sovereignty of states be compromised? Can we regulate tax competition without being forced to harmonize all tax rates? How do we strike a balance between the autonomy of one state and the problems it creates for others? Should winners of tax competition compensate the losers? Finally, is regulating tax competition simply inefficient from an economic perspective? in answering these questions, Peter Dietsch advances and defends his own new global regulatory framework for tax competition.
Global financial integration thirty years on : from reform to crisis
The International Monetary Fund 1945-1965 : twenty years of international monetary cooperation. Vol. 1, Chronicle
Russian fiscal framework : past, present and future : do we need a change?
Building responsive and responsible financial regulators in the aftermath of the global financial crisis 2015
The real crash : America's coming bankruptcy : how to save yourself and your country
The full catastrophe : travels among the new Greek ruins
Business economics
The global minotaur : America, the true origins of the financial crisis and the future of the world economy
Asset accumulation and economic activity : reflections on contemporary macroeconomic theory
Sustainability of public finances in Finland and the four largest Euro-area economies
In the wake of the crisis : leading economists reassess economic policy
Roosevelt and Morgenthau : a revision and condensation of From the Morgenthau diaries
International business finance
The monetary and financial system
The Chinese government debt : What do we know and what should be done?
Public finance and public policy : responsibilities and limitations of government
The new fiscal sociology : taxation in comparative and historical perspective
Modelling government fiscal behaviour in Canada
Taxation policy in low-income countries
Portfolio selection : efficient diversification of investments
The federal budget and the regions : structure of financial flows
Solutions to a liquidity trap : Japan's bear market and what it means for the west
Fiscal policy : coordination, discipline and stabilisation
Latin American macroeconomic reforms: the second stage
Exchange controls and policy autonomy : the case of Australia 1983-88
Russian fiscal framework: past, present and future. : do we need a change?
On the meaning and future of the European monetary system
A review of the economic press and literature reveals that there is little research and analysis on the important issue of the Chinese governmental debt and budget deficits. This is astonishing since the Chinese economy has by now climbed to the second position in global GDP ranking. Thus, China's government debt matters increasingly to the rest of the world as well, both in a corporate and a macroeconomic perspective.  Furthermore, not enough is known about the real size of the total Chinese government debt. Insufficient statistical transparency is an important reason for this shortcoming, but this should not serve as an excuse. Increasing efforts are needed to provide China and the rest of the world with better information on the real state of Chinese government debt.  In this paper, an attempt is made to explain and discuss the real situation when it comes to the Chinese government debt. The current Greek/Southern European debt misery clearly shows that opaque statistics cannot be hidden away forever without sooner or later puzzling and/or frightening the financial markets. On the other hand, China cannot be analyzed completely with Western eyes.  The sooner Chinese decision-makers decide on greater transparency in the government debt situation, and decisive steps towards more efficient fiscal policy are taken, the better the consequences for China itself and the global economy. The alternative - continuous opaqueness and a possible future fiscal explosion - could certainly do a lot of harm to China, but also to the global economy. There is no reason to underestimate this medium and long-term risk. The short-term perspective looks safer.  There should be room for a greater exchange of views and co-operation between EU and China, too. The EU's own bad experience from the past few years could be a realistic starting point.  JEL Classifications: D02, D82, H70, H74, O53, P35 .
The economics of inflation
Studies on the macroeconomics of monetary union
The death of money : the coming collapse of the international monetary system
Study guide to accompany McConnell and Brue economics
Mechanics of finance capital : merger mania and insider trading
La fiscalità nell'economia Europea secc. XII-XVIII = Fiscal systems in the European economy from the 13th to the 18th centuries : atti della "Trentanovesima settimana di studi, 22-26 aprile 2007
Can the EU budget support climate policy in Central and Eastern Europe?
Boomerang : the biggest bust
Public pensions, pension reform and fiscal policy
Fiscal policy, taxation and the financial system in an increasingly integrated Europe
Public finance and public policy
The International Monetary Fund 1972-1978 : cooperation on trial. Vol. 3, Documents
Fiscal policy approach : some further results concerning political mechanism
Exchange rate regime, fiscal foresight and the effectiveness of fiscal policy in a small open economy
Central bank independence : cultural codes and symbolic performance
Fiscal policy and business cycles
Learning and economic fluctuations : using fiscal policy to steer expectations
The International Monetary Fund 1966-1971 : the system under stress. 2, Documents
How to manage a repressed economy
The future of the international monetary system
The financial crisis and the free market cure : why pure capitalism is the world economy's only hope
The Chinese banking industry : lessons from history for today's challenges
The Finnish economy to 1996
Restoring Japan's economic growth
Eesti Rahandusministeerium = The Ministry of Finance of Estonia
Capital account convertibility ; economic growth and inflation
Nowhere to hide : the great financial crisis and challenges for Asia
Labour taxation and employment
Stability consequences of fiscal policy rules
The great trade collapse : causes, consequences and prospects
Economic policy options in conditions of weak growth and low inflation
Stability programme for Finland
The International Monetary Fund 1966-1971 : the system under stress. 1, Narrative
A new world economic order : overhauling the global economic governance as a result of the financial crisis, 2008–2009
Integration of the Baltic States into the EU and institutions of fiscal convergence
Profit planning decisions with the break-even system
Public investment, the rate of return and optimal fiscal policy
Paper promises : money, debt and the new world order
The International Monetary Fund 1945-1965 : twenty years of international monetary cooperation. Vol. 3, Documents
On the effects of a fiscal expansion with flexible exchange rates
Fiscal decentralization and the challenge of hard budget constraints
New conditions for growth in Russia
Catching capital : the ethics of tax competition
Capitalists, workers, and fiscal policy : a classical model of growth and distribution
Assessment of the Riksbank's work on financial stability issues
Austerity : the history of a dangerous idea
Traders : risks, decisions, and management in financial markets
Economic and monetary union with fiscal federalism : between desirability and feasibility
Timberland investments : a portfolio perspective
The sustainability of Russian fiscal policy
Economics, politics and budgets : the political economy of fiscal consolidations in Europe
This paper briefly examines the sustainability of the Russian fiscal policy.Russia has run quite large general government deficits during the transition years.Some simple simulations show that the present policies are not sustainable in the medium-term, unless economic growth accelerates significantly and real interest rate declines.If these positive developments do not materialize, Russia must tighten her fiscal policy.  Keywords: Fiscal policy, public debt, Russia .
Testing the predictions of the Obstfeld : Rogoff model on spillover effects of consumpion shocks
Modern monetary theory
Global Financial Regulation : Examined Through the Example of Transnational Bank Supervision
This study examines the Russian public finance system. It provides a description of the main fiscal reforms introduced by the Government from the moment of dissolution of the USSR, which enabled a reduction in the economy's dependency on nonrenewable resources. In scrutinizing the fiscal stabilization, we conduct a fiscal impulse factor analysis and estimate the degree of the fiscal-policy cyclicality in the period 2000-2013. The estimates show fiscal policy was procyclical in 2006-2008 and stabilizing during the rest of the period. The study also discusses fiscal sustainability issues for the period up to 2050 under two socio-economic scenarios. The size of the necessary fiscal consolidation under the current fiscal strategy is calculated and an alternative strategy is investigated.  Keywords: fiscal framework, fiscal policy, fiscal sustainability, Russia .
KOFI - a macromodel of the Swedish financial markets
Dictatorship of failure : the discourse of democratic failure in the current European crisis
Finance and systemic transition in Estonia
Taxation and gender equity : a comparative analysis of direct and indirect taxes in developing and developed countries
The Privy Council and the spirit of Elizabethan economic management, 1558-1603
Boomerang : the meltdown tour
Principles of budgetary and financial policy
Falling inequality in Latin America : policy changes and lessons
Fiscal Policy Under a Currency Board Arrangement: Bulgaria`s Post-crisis Policy Dilemmas
Europe's financial crisis : a short guide to how the euro fell into crisis, and the consequences for the world
A program for monetary stability
Keynesianism vs. monetarism and other essays in financial history
The economic transmission of fiscal policy shocks from Western to Eastern Europe
European economy. 36, Creation of a European financial area : liberalization of capital movements and financial integration in the Community
Do automatic stabilisers take care of asymmetric shocks in the Euro area?
The financial development of Japan, 1868-1977
Recent developments in international banking and finance e. Vol. 6
The state, the financial system and economic modernization
The International Monetary Fund 1945-1965 : twenty years of international monetary cooperation. Vol. 2, Analysis
Real-time measures of the output gap and fiscal policy stance
Fiscal theory and political economy : selected essays
Great expectations, slow transformations : incremental change in post-crisis regulation
Hong Kong SAR : meeting the challenges of integration with the mainland
The age of instability : the global financial crisis and what comes next
In market economies we can clearly make a distinction between the area of public finance and the area of private finance.In the centrally planned economies the distinction between private and public finance did not actually exist, because all economic activities as well as all finance were public.Given that, one can argue that transition from a centrally-planned to a market economy includes a radical fiscal restructuring. In principle, fiscal policy in transition economies was aimed at promoting economic recovery and creating favourable conditions for economic operators while maintaining reasonable social security. The fiscal stability was seen as an important signal of the government's commitment to economic stabilization.This, in turn, would increase public confidence in government.After the brake-up of the Soviet Union, most of the successor states experienced large fiscal deficits.Compared to other countries of the FSU, the Baltic states were able to maintain rather moderate deficits.One explanation for this can be that the initial fiscal position in all three Baltic states was better than in Russia and the transition economies in central Europe, and partly because of the early budget reforms in 1990-91.The Baltic countries practised tight fiscal policies right from the start of their independence.Another explanation for the Baltics' better success in maintaining fiscal stability can be explained by the fact that during the old Soviet system, the Baltic countries, especially Latvia and Lithuania, contributed large net transfers to the Soviet Union's budget.Once the Soviet Union collapsed, these transfers were abolished and the Baltic countries's financial balances improved significantly.The initial surplus in the fiscal accounts and better revenue performance made it easier to implement strict cash rationing as a means for expenditure control.Tight cas rationing has been an effective way to cut spending.Moreover, an additional factor explaining the success in expenditure policies has been the development of social security benefits.The shares of these transfers have remained fairly stable in all three Baltic states. Finally, it seems that Baltic governments have also been quite successful in reducing subsidies to very low levels.Despite the success, all three Baltic states have had trouble collecting budget revenues.Tax administration as well as control and payment mechanisms are still underdeveloped.In addition, due to a fact that many new private firms were not captured in the tax net, both taxes on wages and salaries, and VAT and other indirect taxes, may not have been fully collected from them.Budget revenues have further been negatively affected due to increase in tax arrears and falling profitability in state enterprises. Although the Baltic the Baltic countries managed to keep their fiscal deficits at quite low levels, deficits still emerged and therefore financing for these deficits had to be found.In respect of domestic financing, the government deficit has been mainly financed in the form of government bonds.The level of foreign financing, however, has been low due to a limited access to foreign capital markets. The future challange for economic policy in the Baltic countries is to ensure the availability of resources necessary to maintain growth, In this respect, fiscal policy should encourage savings, because they form the base for financing the high levels of investment required for sustained economic growth.One of the future challanges in all Baltic countries is the collecting of timely accurate, and accessible fiscal data that are consistent with the international standard of government finance statistics methodology.Also, we cannot ignore that social safety nets are under severe strain as a result of weak financial and administrative capacity.Further efforcts will focus also on tax policy; on improving the effectiveness of taxes by further broad.
Financial markets and governments
The International Monetary Fund 1972-1978 : cooperation on trial. Vol. 1, Narrative and analysis
The new economics : Keynes' influence on theory and public policy
Abenomics: three years - the big ship turns slowly
Fiscal-monetary policy coordination and Central Bank independence
Fiscal adjustment for stability and growth
Inflated : how money and debt built the American dream
NBER International Seminar on Macroeconomics 2005
On government deficits and speculation
Currency forecasting : a guide to fundamental and technical models of exchange rate determination
Development and functioning of fiscal frameworks in the Central and Eastern European countries
United States fiscal policy 1945-1959 : its contribution to economic stability
Fiscal policy co-ordination, imperfect labour markets, and monetary union
And ... and ... and ... : reiterating financial derivation
Fiscal sociology and the theory of public finance : an exploratory essay
The policy mix in a two-tier monetary union with constraints on stabilization policy
World finance and economic stability : selected essays of James Tobin
