http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10977 metamorphosis (change)
metamorphosis (change)
The hive lamp : encased organism
Distant reading
Metamorphosis : creative imagination in fine arts between life-projects and human aesthetic aspirations
Painting's identity problem : a coming of age story
Forms of astonishment : Greek myths of metamorphosis
Magical realism : theory, history, community
The modern literary werewolf : a critical study of the mutable motif
Unter der Haut : Transformationen des biologischen in der zeitgenössischen Kunst = Under the skin : biological tranformations in contemporary art : Lehmbruck Museum, Duisburg, 6.5. - 17.6.2001 / Autoren = authors: Werner Bartens ... [et al.]
"Victor Stoichita traces the reverbations of Ovid's founding myth of Pygmalion from ancient times through the advent of cinema. Emphasizing its erotic origins, he locates echoes of this famous fable in everything from legendary incarnations of Helen of Troy to surrealist painting to photographs of both sculpture and people artfully posed to simulate statues. But it was only with the invention of moving pictures, Stoichita argues, that the modern age found a fitting embodiment of the Pygmalion story's influence. Concluding with an analysis of Alfred Hitchcock films that focuses on Kim Novak's double persona in Vertigo, The Pygmalion Effect illuminates the fluctuating connections that link aesthetics, magic, and technical skill. In the process, it sheds new light on a mysterious world of living artifacts that, until now, has occupied a dark and little-understood realm in the history of Western image making."--BOOK JACKET.
The Pygmalion effect : from Ovid to Hitchcock
Melamorphosis : an artistic journey through shapeshifting
Myths & legends : paintings in the National Gallery / Felicity Woolf
"Throughout history, from at least as far back as the Epic of Gilgamesh, mankind has shown a fascination with physical transformation. Tales of such transformations appear in every culture across the course of history. This book approaches werewolves as representations of a proposed shape-shifter archetype, examining how and why the archetype has been employed in modern literature"--Provided by publisher
Imaginary space
Animals, gods and humans : changing attitudes to animals in Greek, Roman and early Christian ideas
Adventures into otherness : child metamorphs in late twentieth-century children's literature
The metamorphoses of Ovid
Metamorphoses in children's literature and culture
Tampopo head and the name of the dogs
Fantastic metamorphoses, other worlds : ways of telling the self
The Pygmalion effect : from Ovid to Hitchcock / Victor I. Stoichita
