http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10953 electric guitar
electric guitar
Rock guitar for the young beginner
Gibson guitars : 100 years of an American icon
Play guitar : A practical guide to playing rock, folk & classical guitar
Rock of the 60's for guitar tab
Electric guitars and basses : a photographic history
Vintage electric guitars / In praise of fretted americana
100 killer licks & chops for rock guitar
Slowhand : great guitar solos ...slowed down!
Spotlight on style : the best of 1995-2000 : an explorer's guide to guitar
Learn to play the guitar : a beginner's guide to playing acoustic and electric guitar
Introduction to the guitar toolbox. Part 1
The secrets of funk : using it & fusing it!
The Gibson 175 : its history and its players
Guitar Player presents Clapton, Beck, Page
Fender custom shop : guitar gallery
The guru's guitar guide
The Gibson guitar : from 1950. Vol. 2
Teach yourself guitar repair & maintenance : everything you need to know to start working on your guitar!
Pearls and Crazy Diamonds : Fifty Years of Burns Guitars 1952-2002
Guitar chord songbook
Peace machine
Free to solo : an easy approach to improvising in funk, soul, latin, folk and jazz styles. Guitar
The official Vintage Guitar Magazine price guide 2009
Charlie Christian : solo flight : the story of the seminal electric guitarist
The PRS guitar book
Play electric guitar instrumentals now!
First rays of the new rising sun
Blue book of electric guitars
Play better guitar : the basics getting started moving on playing styles
Masters of rock guitar
Symmetrical scales revealed : Diminished & whole-tone
Classic electrics : a visual history of great guitars
Customising your electric guitar
Improvising lead guitar : Grade 2 : Improver level
Better than raw
Absolute beginners : Guitar : The complete picture guide to playing the guitar
Are you experienced? : the complete, authoritative transcriptions for guitar, bass and drums
Getting started on electric guitar
The best of Judas Priest for guitar : the early years
Melodic arpeggios : for lead guitar
Play guitar with the... Beatles. Book 2
Classic Yes : selections from Yesyears
Blues guitar with soul
50 years of the Gibson Les Paul : half a century of the greatest electric guitars
Pink Floyd : the black Strat : a history of David Gilmour's black Fender Stratocaster
Fuzz, Feedback & Wah wah : A player's guide
An evening with Joe Pass
Touched by Grace : my time with Jeff Buckley
CHUCK BERRY
Guitar effects : pedals : the practical handbook
Rhythm : a step by step guide to understanding rhythm for guitar
The ultimate guitar source book
THE ELECTRIC GUITAR / ITS HISTORY AND CONSTRUCTION
7-string guitar chord book
Guitar kit : Jeff Buckley
Accelerate your guitar playing : exercises and tips to make you better - faster
The best of Red Hot Chili Peppers for guitar
Guild guitars
The recording guitarist : a guide for home and studio
50 hits for easy guitar : The blue book
The universal tone : bringing my story to light
In motion
Guitar gears of the greats : the guitars, amps & effects behind the sound of 100 players
Old guitar mania : a guide to vintage guitar collecting : how to get started, build and maintain a guitar collection with advice and personal commentary from the leading collectors and authorities around the world
The modern era of the Les Paul legacy : 1968-2009
The golden age of Fender : 1946-1970
Unstrung heroes : fifty guitar greats you should know
Slide guitar with Kirk Smart
Jimi Hendrix Sessions : The Complete studio recording session, 1963-1970
Modern guitar rigs : the tone fanatic's guide to integrating amps and effects
Rust in peace
The Gibson guitar from 1950
Electronic projects for guitar
The high-performance Marshall handbook : a guide to great Marshall amplifier sounds
Improvising lead guitar : Total beginner
Mastering the Dominant Chord : Real-world concepts and techniques for imrovising
Tipbook electric guitar & bass
The wah wah book : original Crybaby presents
The path to fretboard mastery
Gibson guitars : Ted McCarthy's golden era 1948-1966
The history of Yamaha guitars : over sixty years of innovation
Play rock guitar
Rock hits for 1, 2 or 3 guitars
Billy Joel for guitar
Hal Leonard Guitar Method. Book 3
Diary of a trainee rock god
Jazz guitar masterclass : Three critical jazz guitar concepts and techniques
Pick or strum
Guitar Player 1984. I
Jimi Hendrix gear : the guitars, amps & effects that revolutionized rock 'n' roll
Masterclass octaves
The guitar F/X cookbook : the ultimate source for guitar tricks, effects and other unorthodox techniques
How to make your electric guitar play great!
Fifty famous guitar intros
Rock with Red Hot Chili Peppers
Rock guitar styles
Russ shipton's rock & pop guitar 1.
Guitar player repair guide : how to set up, maintain and repair electrics and acoustics
Million dollar Les Paul : in search of the most valuable guitar in the world
Countdown to extinction
My first guitar : tales of true love and lost chords
Hands of steel : workout routines for guitarists
Free to solo : Guitar : an easy approach to improvising in funk, soul, latin, folk and jazz styles
The jazz guitarist's handbook
The official Vintage Guitar Magazine price guide 2011
Guitar anthology series
Blues guitar for dummies
Electric guitars & basses : a photographic history
Riff notes : electric guitar basics
Make your own electric guitar
Electric guitars : the illustrated encyclopedia
We sold our soul for rock'n'roll
Guitar Player 1988. I
Guitar Player 1988. II
Guitar theory for dummies : book + online video & audio instruction
Ultimate bench warrior : how to design, build, and modify custom guitar and bass amplifiers
Game, dames and guitar thangs
Total guitar tutor : [the ultimate guide to playing, recording and performing every guitar style]
Rickenbacker electric 12 string : the story of the guitars, the music, and the great players
Gibson electrics : the classic years : an illustrated history from the mid-'30s to the mid-'60s
Total electric guitar tutor : The ultimate guide to playing, recording and performing all styles of rock
Guitar effects pedals : the practical handbook
50 unsung heroes of the guitar
Speed picking for guitar
Guitar for dummies
The Acoustic & Electric guitar repair handbook
Gibson electrics : the classic years
Learn to play guitar
Six decades of the Fender Telecaster : the story of the world's first solidbody electric guitar
The guitar
Introduction to guitar tone & effects : An essential manual for getting the best sounds from electric guitars, amplifiers, effect pedals, and digital processors : guitar introduction/reference
Play the blues : the ultimate fun, practice & teaching tool for guitarists
The music of Richard Marx. 1
Build your own electric guitar : custom guitar assembly made easy
Crash course electric guitar
DVD guitar licks
Build your own electric guitar : complete instructions and full-size plans
Room full of mirrors : a biography of Jimi Hendrix
Teach yourself visually guitar
Soul man
The road ahead
50 years of Fender : [half a century of the greatest electric guitars]
Sight-reading made easy : next step guitar
Picks! : the colorful saga of vintage celluloid guitar plectrums
Guitar for dummies : by Mark Phillips and Jon Chappell
Secret weapon
Guitar player : e-lehti
Guitar Player 1983. II
The best of Journey for guitar
Electric guitar handbook
Martin guitars : a technical reference
Blues riffs, rhythms and secrets
Riff notes : guitar strings basics
The Robben Ford blues guitar collection
The rough guide to electric guitar & bass guitar
Crossroads. Vol. 1
Lightnin' blues 1983-1987
Learn to play blues guitar. Level 2 : a complete system for learning to play guitar
The Jimi Hendrix Experience
50 essential guitar lessons : a source of tips, licks, and tricks of the trade to vitalize your playing
Play guitar with... Coldplay, Travis, Stereophonics, Manic Street Preachers, Muse and Feeder
Improvising lead guitar: Grades 6 to 8 : Advanced level
The best of Steve Winwood : for guitar
Eric Johnson : an exploration of his music : featuring transcriptions and lessons from Tones and Ah via musicom
How to play guitar In 10 easy lessons
Selections from Peace sells ... but who's buying? and So far, so good ... so what!
Guitar Player 1986. I
50 years of Gretsch Electrics : half a century of white falcons, gents, jets & other great guitars
Just enough : Learn to play guitar
The legendary guitar of Tal Farlow
Play Rock Guitar
Jimi Hendrix : reflections and visions
In his own words
Improvising lead guitar: Grades 3 to 5 : Intermediate level
Memory crash
Guitar Player 1984. II
What guitar
Guitar workshop
Legends of guitar. Rock : the '50s : vol. 2.
The stompbox cookbook : Build advanced effects for electric guitar & bass
The complete rock guitar player. Book 4.
The Police :a step-by-step breakdown of the guitar styles and techniques of Andy Summers
Master session
Rock Power Guitar : Play Rock Guitar without reading music!
The Chinery collection : 150 years of American guitar
Guitar legends : The evolution of the guitar from Fender to G & L
Guitar masters : intimate portraits
Electric guitars : The illustrated encyclopedia
How to be a rock god : the guitar tutor
