http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1091 medical centres
medical centres health centres
Ultrasound in the management of acute rhinosinusitis patients in primary care
A comparative study on challenges in the psychosocial work environment of Finnish and foreign-born general practitioners
Resourcing early learners : new networks, new actors
Wellness centers : a guide for the design professional
Study of the efficiency of health stations 1992. Part 2, Consumer experiences and assessments concerning primary care services in the City of Helsinki
Orthodontic care in Finnish health centres
Primary health care centres : a review of current trends and the future demands for community-based health care facilities
Abstract.
ECDC strategic multi-annual programme 2007-2013 : public health activities, disease-specific programmes and multilateral partnerships
Research projects of STUK 2009-2011
Handbook of applied therapeutics
Health services for children in Finland
Abstract: Multidimensional and multiprofessional co-operation in changing conditions - a study on mental work in primary health care.
Nurse managers' leadership styles as part of leadership culture.
The relationships between work stressors and organizational performance in long-term care for elderly residents
Study of the efficiency of health stations 1992. Part 1, Teamwork and management at six health stations in Helsinki
Health centre productivity in Finland : productivity change from 1980 to 1990 and productivity differences in 1990
Public health nursing in primary health care based on the population responsibility principle
Folk medicine and health care systems
Patient participation in decision making process in primary care : a conversation analytic study
Quality of care provided for young adults and adolescents in the Finnish public oral health service
Terveyttä kaikille suomalaisille : terveyskeskuksia, sairaaloita, terveydenhuollon laitoksia = Health for all in Finland : hospitals, health centres, health care institutions
Usability Study and Improvement of The Äly Excel
Interactive two-step training and management strategy for improvement of the quality of point-of-care testing by nurses : implementation of the strategy in blood glucose measurement
Depressive disorders in primary health care
Terveyttä kaikille suomalaisille : terveyskeskuksia, sairaaloita, terveydenhuollon laitoksia = Health for all in Finland
Kontulan terveysasema = Kontula health centre
Delivery, outcome, and costs of orthodontic care in Finnish health centres
Conventional treatment of adult obesity : short- and long-term effects of various weight reduction programmes
Abstract: Developing the work of departmental secretaries and health care center assistants: case Jämsän seudun terveydenhuollon kuntayhtymä.
Anaesthesia at the district hospital
Consulting and referral patterns among general practitioners in Finland
Knowledge skills : new ways of thinking
Discharge of the older people with fractured femur from acute hospital and health centre : international research project on elderly care : the national report from Finland
Productivity changes in Finnish health centres in 1988-1995 : a Malmquist index approach
Perusterveydenhuolto 2013 = Primärvård 2013 = Primary health care services 2013
Productivity and its drivers in Finnish primary care 1988-2003
Social phobia : from epidemiology to brain function
Private specialists as consultants to general practitioners
Ministry of Social Affairs and Health and National Agency for Welfare and Health
Bibliography: s. 84-85.
Usability study and improvement of the Äly Excel
Kuntoutumista edistävä hoitotyö aivohalvauspotilaiden alkuvaiheen jälkeisessä moniammatillisessa kuntoutuksessa = Rehabilitation nursing of subacute stroke patients with a multidisciplinary rehabilitation approach
Psychological distress in dyspepsia
How long does it take to visit a health center : a study from nine finnish health centers
Productive efficiency and determinants of inefficiency at health centres in Finland
Principles of neuropsychopharmacology
Family planning : with focus on contraception as seen by health centre physicians and population
Cure & care : healing spaces then and now
School-based health centers and nurse-managed health centers
Management of infection patients in health centres : final report of the MIKSTRA programme
Sammandrag. - Abstract.
Components and consequences of a visit to a health center physician : comparison of practice patterns in nine health centers
Innovillage tools for sustainable change
Marketing for health care organizations
Touch in the nursing care of elderly patients
Possibilities for necropsy in a sparsely populated area
Ministry of Social Affairs and Health and related authorities
Conventional treatment of adult obesity : short- and long-term effects of various weihgt reduction programmes
Perusterveydenhuolto 2012 = Primärvård 2012 = Primary health care services 2012
Prevalence and brief intervention of heavy drinkers in primary health care : Lahti project study
Frequent attenders in primary health care : a cross-sectional study of frequent attenders' psychosocial and family factors, chronic diseases and reasons for encounter in a Finnish health centre
Building type basics for healthcare facilities
This Master’s thesis concentrates on a particular tool, called Äly Excel, which is used in health care centres in Finland. The Äly Excel is a Microsoft Excel based tool that helps to plan a health care personnel rota. The main goal of this work was to enhance usability of the Äly Excel. The development work was part of the Hyvä Potku project that is managed by Northern Ostrobothnia Hospital District. To find out the most important usability problems of the Äly Excel, usability tests were carried out in an early phase of the project work. Also, a questionnaire was sent out to gather user experience and possible suggestions for improvements. Once the feedback and user test observations were analysed and agreed with the Hyvä Potku project members, the development of the Äly Excel began. Since the Äly Excel is a Microsoft Excel based worksheet, it was natural to choose Visual Basic as a programming language as Visual Basic Application is part of the Microsoft Office package. New UI features are designed so that they follow well-known usability studies. In this thesis a usability theory is observed and discussed. The thesis details the software and UI design and why certain decisions were made. The problems faced during the development work are explained. At the end there is a discussion about the future development of the Äly Excel.
Summary.
Implementation of two service integration innovations in home care: contradictions and bright spots
Control in medical consultation : practices of giving and receiving the reason for the visit in primary health care
Interactive expertise : studies in distributed working intelligence
Regulation of GABAergic neuron identity and diversity in the developing midbrain
Smoking during pregnancy and fetal brain development
Hoitopaikan valinta : tutkimus terveyskeskuksen palveluista saatujen kokemuksien merkityksestä kolmessa kaupungissa  = Choosing the most commonly used source of care :  a study of the importance of health centre service  experiences in three towns
Consumer assessments and experiences concerning health center services : a study from four health center districts in Finland
Abstract (s. 3).
Patterns of care in the last two years of life : care transitions and places of death of old people
Tiivistelmä. - English summary.
Summary: Research in health centres : present state and future : report by the rapporterus ad int.
Introduction to neuropsychopharmacology
Depression in the primary health care patient : prevalence, recognition, definition, and the consulting situation
Employees in organisational change
English summary.
Abstract (1 s.).
Common infections in Finnish primary health care
Management and Leadership in the Public Dental Service in Finland between 2003 and 2011
