http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10955 monolingualism
monolingualism
Language flexibility : the effects of Finnish-Swedish bilingualism on EFL acquisition
Introduction: beyond the mother tongue? Multilingual practices and the monolingual paradigm -- The uncanny mother tongue: monolingualism and Jewishness in Franz Kafka -- The foreign in the mother tongue: words of foreign derivation and utopia in Theodor W. Adorno -- Detaching from the mother tongue: bilingualism and liberation in Yoko Tawada -- Surviving the mother tongue: literal translation and trauma in Emine Sevgi Özdamar -- Inventing a motherless tongue: mixed language and masculinity in Feridun Zaimolu -- Conclusion: toward a multilingual paradigm? The disaggregated mother tongue.
Monolingualism--the idea that having just one language is the norm--is only a recent invention, dating to late-eighteenth-century Europe. Yet it has become a dominant, if overlooked, structuring principle of modernity. According to this monolingual paradigm, individuals are imagined to be able to think and feel properly only in one language, while multiple languages are seen as a threat to the cohesion of individuals and communities, institutions and disciplines. As a result of this view, writing in anything but one's "mother tongue" has come to be seen as an aberration. Beyond the Mother Tongue demonstrates the impact of this monolingual paradigm on literature and culture and charts incipient moves beyond it. Because newer multilingual forms and practices exist in tension with the paradigm, which alternately obscures, pathologizes, or exoticizes them, this book argues that they can best be understood as "postmonolingual". Focused on canonical and minority writers working in German in the twentieth century, Beyond the Mother Tongue examines distinct forms of multilingualism, such as writing in one socially unsanctioned "mother tongue" about another language (Franz Kafka); mobilizing words of foreign derivation as part of a multilingual constellation within one language (Theodor W. Adorno); producing an oeuvre in two separate languages simultaneously (Yoko Tawada); and mixing different languages, codes, and registers within one text (Feridun Zaimoglu). Through these analyses, Beyond the Mother Tongue suggests that the dimensions of gender, kinship, and affect encoded in the "mother tongue" are crucial to the persistence of monolingualism and the challenge of multilingualism.
This book reflects the growing influence of corpus linguistics in a variety of areas such as lexicography, translation studies, genre analysis, and language teaching. The book is divided into two sections, the first on monolingual corpora and the second addressing multilingual corpora. The range of languages covered includes English, French and German, but also Chinese and some of the less widely known and less widely explored central and eastern European language. The chapters discuss: the relationship between methodology and theory the importance of computers for linking textual.
Morphological processing in monolinguals and bilinguals : behavioral and neural approaches
Language and cognition in bilinguals and multilinguals : an introduction
Monolingual and bilingual EFL learners : a comparative study
Space, scale and accents : constructing migrant identity in Beijing
Electrophysiological measures of morphological processing in monolinguals and bilinguals
Language in Canada
Standard languages and multilingualism in European history
A comparative study of foreign language attitudes between monolingual, bilingual and immigrant secondary school pupils
Meaningful texts : the extraction of semantic information from monolingual and multilingual corpora
Beyond the mother tongue : the postmonolingual condition
Vocabulary knowledge of five year old Finnish-English children
