http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1097 secretion
secretion
Secretion of biologically active porcine interleukin-2 by Lactococcus lactis
Basic endocrine pathology
Trends in comparative endocrinology and neurobiology : from molecular to integrative biology
Fish physiology. 2, The ondocrine system
Endocrine system and selected metabolic diseases : a compilation of paintings on the anatomy and pathophysiology
Congenital hyperinsulinism in the Finnish population
Handbook of physiology : a critical, comprehensive presentation of physiological knowledge and concepts. Section 7, Endocrinology : vol. 1 : Endocrine pancreas
A textbook of comparative endocrinology
Dairy research report 1992 : Hill Farm Research Station
Salmon cardiac peptide as a model for natriuretic peptide secretion : the role of mechanical load, temperature and endothelin-1
Manual of small animal endocrinology
The Male Role in Pregnancy Loss and Embryo Implantation Failure
The Ciba collection of medical illustrations : [vol.4]. Volume 4, a compilation of paintings on the normal and pathologic anatomy and pathofysiology of the endocrine system and selected metabolic diseases
Comprehensive insect physiology, biochemistry and pharmacology. Volume 7, Endocrinology 1
Fish physiology. 9, Reproduction : part A : endocrine tissues and hormones
Factors affecting secretion and surface display of heterologous proteins in Lactococcus lactis
McDonald's veterinary endodrinology and reproduction
Seasonal variation in endogenous serum melatonin profiles in goats: a difference between spring and fall
Pathophysiology and genetics of impaired insulin secretion and insulin resistance
Clinical biochemistry : an illustrated colour text
Immunological studies on Addison's disease
Feeding affects reproducctive performance and reproductive endocrinology in the gilt and sow
Type i family history and gad autoantibodies in subjects without diabetes and patients with type 2 diabetes: prevalence and association with insulin deficiency and development of diabetes
Clinical endocrinology of dogs and cats : an illustrated text
Glycosylation and sorting of secretory proteins in the endoplasmic reticulum of the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae
Is histamine involved in milk ejection in goats?
Melatonin in human and animal tissues : an analytical and physiological study
Dairy research report 1994 : Hill Farm Research Station
Comprehensive insect physiology, biochemistry and pharmacology. Volume 8, Endocrinology 2
The Pseudomonas syringae-derived HrpA pilins : molecular characterization and biotechnological application of the transcripts
Protein secretion pathways in bacteria
Analysis of correlated continuous repeated observations : modelling the effect of ketosis on milk yield in dairy cows
Graff's textbook of routine urinalysis and body fluids
The photophase light intensity does not affect the scotophase melatonin response in the domestic pig
Endocrine and paracrine modulation of gonadotropin action in the rat testis
Milk ejection reflex
Buffer capacity of earthworm mucus
The Ciba collection of medical illustrations : Volume 6 : A compilation of paintings on the kidneys, ureters, and urinary bladder depicting anatomy and embryology, physiology, pathology, pathophysiology, and clinical features and treatment of diseases
Molecular investigation of metabolism and transport of drugs - from animal to human tissue : European Symposium of the European Society of Biochemical Pharmacology, the Friedrich Schiller University of Jena, and the Deutsche Akademie der Naturforscher Leopoldina, Halle (Saale), September 27 to 29, 2001
Night-time melatonin may not affect the seasonally delayed puberty in gilts
Studies on peripheral nervous system development and function in mice deficient for the neurturin receptor GFRα2
XVI Spring Meeting of the Finnish Endocrine Society : Kuopio, April 6-7, 1990 : advanced abstracts
Fish physiology. Vol. 13, Molecular endocrinology of fish
Canine and feline endocrinology and reproduction
Comparative biochemistry and physiology. C, Pharmacology toxicology and endocrinology
Type 1 family history and gad autoantibodies in subjects without diabetes and patients with type 2 diabetes: prevalence and association with insulin deficiency and development of diabetes
Characterisation of the type three secretion system in Erwinia carotovora
Epidemiologic studies on diabetes, non-diabetic glycemic levels, insulin resistance and cardiovascular diseases
Censoring in survival analysis : a simulation study of the effect of milk yield on conception
Sex hormones, exercise and women : scientific and clinical aspects
Handbook of physiology : a critical, comprehensive presentation of physiological knowledge and concepts. Section 7, Endocrinology : vol. 4 : The pituitary gland and its neuroendocrine control, part 2
Bacterial secreted proteins : secretory mechanisms and role in pathogenesis
Photoperiod and luteinizing hormone secretion in domestic and wild pigs
Dairy research report 1990 : Hill Farm Research Station
GH deficiency, GH excess and pituitary adenomas
The influence of dry period feeding on liver fat and postpartum performance of dairy cows
Handbook of physiology : a critical, comprehensive presentation of physiological knowledge and concepts : Section 7: Endocrinology. Vol. 6, Adrenal gland
Form and function in birds. Vol. 1
An introduction to general and comparative endocrinology
Diagnostics of endocrine function in children and adolescents
Methods and tools for mass spectrometric lipidome analysis
Behavioral endocrinology
Handbook of physiology : a critical, comprehensive presentation of physiological knowledge and concepts. Section 7, Endocrinology : vol. 4 : The pituitary gland and its neuroendocrine control, part 1
Proceedings of the Symposium on Milk Synthesis, Secretion and Removal in Ruminants, at the University of Berne, School of Veterinary Medicine, Neues Lehrgebäude, Berne, Switzerland, April 26/27, 1996
Fish physiology. 2, The endocrine system
Fish physiology. 20, Nitrogen excretion
Studies on overexpression of genes involved in protein secretion in yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae
BIOS Instant Notes in Neuroscience, Third Edition, is the perfect text for undergraduates looking for a concise introduction to the subject, or a study guide to use before examinations. Each topic begins with a summary of essential facts-an ideal revision checklist-followed by a description of the subject that focuses on core information, with clear, simple diagrams that are easy for students to understand and recall in essays and exams. BIOS Instant Notes in Neuroscience, Third Edition, is fully up-to-date and covers: Organization of the Nervous System Neuron Excitation Synapses Neurotransmitters Elements of Neural Computing Somatosensory Systems Vision Hearing Smell and Taste Motor Function: Spinal Cord and Brainstem Movement: Cortex, Cerebellum and Basal Ganglia Neuroendocrinology and Autonomic Functions Brain and Behaviour Learning and Memory Neuroscience Methods.
Endocrine diseases of the dog
Handbook of physiology : a critical, comprehensive presentation of physiological knowledge and concepts. Section 7, Endocrinology : vol. 3 : Thyroid
Endocrinology. Section 7, Parathyroid gland : Vol. 7
Relationship between canine mucosal and serum immunoglobulin A (IgA) concentrations : serum IgA does not assess duodenal secretory IgA
PrsA lipoprotein and posttranslocational folding of secretory proteins in Bacillus subtilis
Genes regulating insulin secretion and insulin signaling as candidate genes for type 2 diabetes in subjects with impaired glucose tolerance
Avian biology. Vol. 2
Genetic and environmental factors associated with the virulence of fish pathogen Flavobacterium columnare
Ion dynamics in insulin-producing cells : elemental changes after momentary stimulation detected by electron and proton induced X-ray emission
The influence of management routines on endocrine systems involved in the control of lactation in dairy cattle
Tear film lipid layer
Zonal arrangement and function of mouse main and accessory olfactory neurons
General and comparative endocrinology
Depression, poor sleep quality, and stress – associations with insulin resistance, insulin secretion and the metabolic syndrome in individuals without type 2 diabetes
Activation of inflammasome and protein secretion by endogenous danger and microbe-derived signals in human macrophages
Studies on peripheral nervous system development and function in mice lacking the neurturin receptor GFRα2
The endocrine system in sports and exercise
D-amino acids in sequences of secreted peptides of multicellular organisms
Protein secretion in Trichoderma reesei : expression, secretion and maturation of cellobiohydrolase I, barley cysteine proteinase and calf chymosin in Rut-C30
Urinary excretion of noradrenaline and adrenaline in late normal and toxemic pregnancy : effect of rest, work, and reserpine treatment
The roles of orexins on sleep/wakefulness, energy homeostasis and intestinal secretion
Effect of anoxic anoxia on the humorally stimulated pancreatic secretion
Fish physiology. 1, Excretion, ionic regulation and metabolism
Gonadal and extragonadal actions of chronically elevated luteinizing hormone secretion in transgenic mice
15. Spring meeting of the Finnish Endocrine Society, Tampere April 14-15, 1989 : advanced abstracts
Pancreaticojejunostomy after pancreatic head resections : connection with postoperative complications and quality of life
The comparative endocrinology of the invertebrates
The pattern of melatonin secretion is rhythmic in the domestic pig and responds rapidly to changes in daylength
Lactation : a comprehensive treatise. Vol. 2, Biosynthesis and secretion of milk / Diseases
Salivary flow and composition in elderly patients referred to an acute care geriatric ward
The effects of the photophase light intensity on the scotophase melatonin response
Milk : The mammary gland and its secretion. Vol. 2
Postnatal hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal axis activation (i.e., minipuberty) in full-term and preterm infants : longitudinal assessment of hormone levels and target tissue effects
On the morphology of blood and bone-marrow in thyrotoxicosis : inaugural dissertation
Veterinary endocrinology and reproduction
Functional avian endocrinology
In vitro model of retinal pigment epithelium for use in drug delivery studies
Neurobiology of pathological gambling : brain imaging and epidemiological studies
Machine milking and lactation
