http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10903 serial stories
serial stories
Knife of dreams
City of bones
A breath of snow and ashes
Empire of silver
The crystal gorge
The other side of dawn
The Darwin elevator
The clan of the Cave Bear
Sword against the sky
Invisible Stanley
Peaches for Monsieur Le Curé
Hyperion
Forest of ruin
The Hunger games
The 'Continuations' of Chrétien's 'Perceval' : content and construction, extension and ending
The talisman
The empty throne
The wise man's fear
Out of the silent planet
City of lost souls
"In this revisionary study, Will Tattersdill argues against the reductive 'two cultures' model of intellectual discourse by exploring the cultural interactions between literature and science embodied in late nineteenth-century periodical literature, tracing the emergence of the new genre that would become known as 'science fiction'. He examines a range of fictional and non-fictional fin-de-siècle writing around distinct scientific themes: Martian communication, future prediction, X-rays, and polar exploration. Every chapter explores a major work of H. G. Wells, but also presents a wealth of exciting new material drawn from a variety of late Victorian periodicals. Arguing that the publications in which they appeared, as well as the stories themselves, played a crucial part in the development of science fiction, Tattersdill uses the form of the general interest magazine as a way of understanding the relationship between the arts and the sciences, and the creation of a new literary genre"--
The James Bond omnibus. Vol. 002
Certain girls
The hunger games
The fall of Hyperion
Bloodfever : a MacKayla Lane novel
Tunnels of blood
The lake of souls
The Hunger Games
The elder gods
Star wars : the crystal star
Empire of silver : the epic story of the Khan dynasty
Trials of death
The vampire's assistant
The fires of heaven
City of ashes
The treasured one
The causal angel
The vampire prince
Shadows across the sun
Burning for revenge
The forbidden stone
The night is for hunting
Dark Lord : the rise of Darth Vader
The Long earth
The Reaver
The king's name
Science, fiction, and the fin-de-siècle periodical press
Warriors of the storm
"In the 4th book of the multi-author Sundering series launched by New York Times best-selling author R.A. Salvatore, Richard Lee Byers introduces Anton Marivaldi--a renowned reaver with an insatiable thirst for bounty and a moral compass that always leads him toward the evil he's never tried.  Endless, pounding rain afflict the Sea of Fallen Stars and the coastal regions surrounding it. Harvests are failing, travel and trade are disrupted, and civilized forces are giving way to the deluges caused by the storms. In panic and despair, many have turned to the goddess Umberlee, Queen of the Deeps, offering her sacrifices with hope that they will be spared the inevitable reckoning of her perpetual tempest.  Evendur Highcastle, undead pirate captain, risen from the depths to assume the mantle of Umberlee's Chosen, takes advantage of the people's desperation to strike for both spiritual and temporal power in her name.  Vying with Highcastle for the hearts and minds of the people is Stedd Whitehorn, a little boy and the chosen of a god thought lost to time: Lathander, the Morninglord. In a time of such upheaval, Stedd's message of renewal and hope runs in stark contrast to the savage ethos of Highcastle and his waveservants.  When Anton captures the boy in order to collect Highcastle's considerable bounty, the reaver is quickly caught in the riptide caused by the sundering of worlds"--
Kvothe takes his first steps on the path of the hero as he attempts to uncover the truth about the mysterious Amyr, the Chandrian, and the death of his parents. Along the way, Kvothe is put on trial by the legendary Adem mercenaries, forced to reclaim the honor of the Edema Ruh, and travels into the Fae realm where he meets Felurian, the faerie woman no man can resist.
Sea of shadows
The great hunt
Seconds away
Catching Fire
A world without princes
Hunters of the dusk
The space between : an Outlander novella
City of glass
Harriet Beecher Stowe's Uncle Tom's Cabin as a serial novel
The path of daggers
And another thing... : Douglas Adams's hitchiker's guide to the galaxy: part six of three
Dragonfly in amber
The sentinel
Stars of fortune
Consuming pleasures : active audiences and serial fictions from Dickens to the soap opera
The prize in the game
The king's peace
Killers of the dawn
Shadowhunters and downworlders : a Mortal Instruments reader
Lady Midnight
The dead of night
The plague forge
So long, and thanks for all the fish
Towers of midnight : book thirteen of The wheel of time
The long utopia
Found : a Mickey Bolitar novel
"In this third book of the Sundering series kicked off by R.A. Salvatore and the dark elf Drizzt, SCRIBE award-winning author Erin M. Evans thrusts her signature character Farideh into a maelstrom of devilish politics and magical intrigue that will have far-reaching implications for the future of the Forgotten Realms.  As the chaos of the Sundering rages around her, young warlock Farideh faces a more personal turmoil wrought by a deal she made with a devil years ago. Hoping to protect her twin sister, she leaves everything she holds dear to assist a wizard in a scheme that pits the devils of the Nine Hells against the gods above.  But when Farideh casts the spell to enter the wizard's remote mountaintop fortress, she picks up a stowaway--a Harper agent named Dahl who isn't so inclined to follow devilish demands. Dahl attempts to escape only to run into a village of odd people, lurking behind an impenetrable wall.  Forced to gaze into the villagers' souls, Farideh points out the ones who seem different, only to watch as the wizard's guard carts them off to fates unknown. Are these villagers or prisoners? Are they blessed or doomed by the gods? As the wizard's guessing game proves more and more diabolical, Farideh resolves to unravel his secrets--even if it means she'll lose her own soul to the Nine Hells"--
The name of the wind
Found
The land of painted caves : a novel
The dire Earth
The gathering storm : book twelve of The wheel of time
We'll always have summer
Between heaven and earth
City of fallen angels
The lollipop shoes
Restaurant at the end of the universe
Life, the universe and everything
The eye of the world
Allies of the night
The thousandth floor
Black house
Brothers in arms
City Of Lost Souls
Hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy
Star wars. Episode 3, Revenge of the Sith
Empire of night
City of heavenly fire
The exodus towers
Night of the hunter
Catching fire
"To celebrate the rise of their new queen, three goddesses of the moon created three stars, one of fire, one of ice, one of water. But then they fell from the sky, putting the fate of all worlds in danger. And now three women and three men join forces to pick up the pieces... Sasha Riggs is a reclusive artist, haunted by dreams and nightmares that she turns into extraordinary paintings. Her visions lead her to the Greek island of Corfu, where five others have been lured to seek the fire star. Sasha recognizes them, because she has drawn them: a loner. All on a quest. All with secrets. Sasha is the one who holds them together the seer. And in the magician, Bran Killian, she sees a man of immense power and compassion. As Sasha struggles with her rare ability, Bran is there to support her, challenge her, and believe in her. But Sasha and Bran are just two of the six. And they all must work together as a team to find the fire star in a cradle of land beneath the sea. Over their every attempt at trust, unity, and love, a dark threat looms. And it seeks to corrupt everything that stands in its way of possessing the stars."Provided by publisher.
Tomorrow, when the war began
The Soulforge
The long war
Kvothe takes his first steps on the path of the hero as he attempts to uncover the truth about the mysterious Amyr, the Chandrian, and the death of his parents. Along the way, Kvothe is put on trial by the legendary Adem mercenaries, forced to reclaim the honor of the Edema Ruh, and travels into the Fae realm where he meets Felurian, the faerie woman no man can resist
Lord of the shadows
The oath of the five lords
Mostly harmless
Under the cherry blossom
The strain
The long Utopia
The shadow rising
The adversary
The dragon reborn
