http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10946 charges (prosecution)
charges (prosecution)
Hungarian-Finnish penal law seminary on petty offences : 5-8 September, 1983, Budapest
The case for the prosecution
The trial of Henry Kissinger
Selected papers on penal problems
The Leipzig fire trial : speeches, letters, documents
Small great things
Immunity and fight against impunity : study on Pinochet-style prosecutions
The Sami - sorcerers in Norwegian history : sorcery persecutions of the Sami
Impeachment : the constitutional problems
Impeachment; selected materials : Ninety-third Congress, first session
Tasks and powers of the prosecution services in the EU member states. Volume 1
Courts, prosecution, and conviction
The walls around us
Medieval animal trials : justice for all
ABA standards for criminal justice prosecution function and defense function
The justice cascade : how human rights prosecutions are changing world politics
The legal scope of non-prosecution in Europe
"In Europe as early as the thirteenth century and as late as the sixteenth century, non-human animals including rats, pigs, horses, and dogs were tried for criminal activities. Such trials were not sacrificial in nature; neither were they mock trials for entertainment. Rather, such trials were undertaken with great seriousness with appointed legal counsel for prosecution and defense, at some times before a judge and at other times before a judge and jury. This phenomenon would strike modern sensibilities are being somewhere between eccentric and completely mad, and no one today believes that animals are capable of forming criminal intentions. This book answers the question of how this rather arcane practice is to be understood because it is true that today no animals are formally prosecuted for crimes in courts of law"--Provided by publisher.
Finding intent and social responsibility in the use of the patent system : a common law perspective
The guarantees for accused persons under article 6 of the European convention on human rights : an analysis of the application of the convention and a comparison with other instruments
Delayed prosecution for childhood sexual abuse
The criminal process : an evaluative study
Prosecution in common law jurisdictions
In God's house
Non-prosecution in Europe : report of the European seminar held in Helsinki, Finland, 22-24 March 1986.
Crimes against humanity in international criminal law
The triggering procedure of the International Criminal Court
Criminal procedure in Scotland : cases & materials
Small great things : a novel
European sourcebook of crime and criminal justice statistics 2014
Public prosecutors and discretion : a comparative study
Exceptions: prosecution of IDF soldiers during and after the second intifada, : 2000-2007
Prosecutorial decision-making in Finland : the results of a simulation study
Trial justice : the International Criminal Court and the Lord's Resistance Army
Anti-sovereigntism, liberal messianism, and excess in the drive against impunity
Point of view : Harro Koskinen : Coat of arms of pigs (1970), Pig messiah (1969), and The Finnish way of life series (1970-72) / Minna Raitmaa
New approaches in international criminal justice : Kosovo, East Timor, Sierra Leone & Cambodia
Tasks and powers of the prosecution services in the EU member states. Volume 2
Blackstone's criminal practice 2004
Argentina : Amicus Curiae brief on the incompatibility with international law of the full stop and due obedience laws
The procedure for punishing and processing misdemeanors
International co-operation in the prosecution and punishment of acts of terrorism : recommendation no. R (82) 1 adopted by the Committee of Ministers of the Council of Europe on 15 January 1982 and explanatory memorandum
The accused
International criminal law. Vol. 3, Enforcement
Universal jurisdiction and heads of state : can heads of state be prosecuted for gross violations of human rights before foreign courts?
Prosecuting international crimes in domestic courts: a look back ahead
Who do my opponents say I am? : an investigation of the accusations against Jesus
Prosecutorial discretion and its limits
"A woman and her husband admitted to a hospital to have a baby requests that their nurse be reassigned - they are white supremacists and don't want Ruth, who is black, to touch their baby. The hospital complies, but the baby later goes into cardiac distress when Ruth is on duty. She hesitates before rushing in to perform CPR. When her indecision ends in tragedy, Ruth finds herself on trial, represented by a white public defender who warns against bringing race into a courtroom. As the two come to develop a truer understanding of each other's lives, they begin to doubt the beliefs they each hold most dear"--
Prosecution of drug users in Europe : varying pathways to similar objectives
Aut dedere aut judicare : the duty to extradite or prosecute in international law
