http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10904 series of stories
series of stories
The quest begins
The lucky ones : a bright young things novel
The reptile room
A quest of heroes
A time of exile : a novel of the Westlands
Into the still blue. Book 3, Under the Never Sky
Rainbow Valley
I wish!
The marvelous land of Oz. [2]
The Staff of Serapis : Percy Jackson & Kane Chronicles crossover
Secret Seven adventure
Awakened : a house of night novel
Five get into a fix
Winter's heart
The mystery of the missing man
Inky the Indigo fairy
Stables S.O.S
Cast in flight
Stray
Spirits in the stars
The mystery of the spiteful letters
Unleashed
Three cheers, Secret Seven
In a small southern town with a secret world hidden in plain sight, sixteen-year-old Lena, who possesses supernatural powers and faces a life-altering decision, draws away from her true love, Ethan, a mortal with frightening visions.
Firelight
Lizzie McGuire. Oh, brother!
Secret Seven mystery
Percy Jackson and the greek heroes : Percy Jackson's greek myths
The eye of the falcon
The fury
Fern the green fairy
Vanish : a Firelight novel
Iron's prophecy
Emily climbs
The slippery slope
All I want is everything : a gossip girl novel
Island of shadows
Dork diaries. [10], Puppy love
The mystery of the strange bundle
A march of kings
The son of Neptune
Five go adventuring again
The mystery of holly lane
The blood of Olympus
A feast of dragons
The iron daughter
Cast in flame
The iron king
Stravaganza. City of stars
Burned : a house of night novel : book seven of the house of night series
The Melting Sea
Graceling
Five go off in a caravan
The last wilderness
Across the universe
The shepherd's crown
The house of Hades
Forest of the pygmies
The iron warrior
The mystery of the strange messages
Anne of avonlea
Five and a half term adventure
Dorothy and the wizard in Oz. [4]
Young samurai. [5] : The ring of water
Anne of Avonlea
In a small South Carolina town, where it seems little has changed since the Civil War, sixteen-year-old Ethan is powerfully drawn to Lena, a new classmate with whom he shares a psychic connection and whose family hides a dark secret that may be revealed on her sixteenth birthday.
The Mystery of the Hidden House
Swarms of locusts, record-breaking heat, and devastating storms ravage Gatlin as Ethan and Lena struggle to understand and control the impact of Lena's claiming, which is even causing her family members' abilities to dangerously misfire.
Emily of New Moon
Five go to demon's rocks
The Sookie Stackhouse companion
Anne of Green Gables
Ozma of Oz. [3]
Dawn on the coast
The mark of Athena
Dork diaries : party time : tales from a not-so-fabulous life : Rachel Renée Russell
In a kingdom called the Dells, Fire is the last human-shaped monster, with unimaginable beauty and the ability to control the minds of those around her, but even with these gifts she cannot escape the strife that overcomes her world.
Caddy's World
Young samurai. [1] : The way of the warrior
The bad beginning
Snakehead : Alex Rider
Anne of the Island
The iron knight
The lost hero
The staff of Serapis
Bright young things
Fire in the sky
Prey
Puzzle for the Secret Seven
The iron queen
New York, New York!
Poppy the piano fairy
Five are together again
Because I'm worth it : a gossip girl novel
The mystery of the missing necklace
Destined : a house of night novel
A Lazy Afternoon
Whisper the dead
Did I mention I need you?
The austere academy
Vanish : a firelight novel
THE MYSTERY OF THE INVISIBLE THIEF
The mystery of the pantomine cat
The mystery of Tally-Ho cottage
City of the beasts
Good old Secret Seven
Fracture me. Book 2
Truckers : the first book of the nomes
Shades of earth
The mystery of Banshee Towers
Half wild
The Famous Five collection
The ersatz elevator
The farseer trilogy : [3-book bundle]
Stravaganza. City of masks
Beautiful days : a bright young things novel
Dead in the family
Stefan's diaries 3 : Craving. Vol. 3, The craving
The iron traitor
The hostile hospital
Binding ties : a novel
The burning shadow
Heather the violet fairy
Skulduggery Pleasant : Playing with Fire
Untamed : a house of night novel
Brothers in arms
Tempted : a house of night novel
Anne's house of dreams
Secret Seven Fireworks
Enchanters' end game : book five of the Belgariad
Great Bear Lake
Percy Jackson and the olympians. Books I-III, Collecting The Lightning Thief, The Sea of Monsters, and The Titans' Curse
Nightfall
Hidden : a firelight novel
The Secret Seven
Angus, thongs and full-frontal snogging. book 1
Toklo, Kallik, Lusa, and Yakone trek onward toward the Melting Sea, the site of Kallik's traumatic cubhood--and prepare to be separated for the first time since their journey began
Uninvited. Book 1
Five Run Away Togther
Good Old Timmy
Young samurai. [6] : The ring of fire
Stravaganza. City of ships
Castle in the air
Five go to Smuggler's Top
Burned : a house of night novel
Anne of the island
Cast in sorrow
In 1814 London, Gretchen must put aside annoyance at the constant buzzing caused by being a Whisperer, concern about her twin brother, her growing feelings for a member of the Order of Iron Nail, and the boredom of being a debutante when a new menace threatens Mayfair.
I can't find it!
Kidnap in the Caribbean
The vile village
