http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1090 hospitals
hospitals
Sleeping with Jane Austen
Hospital healthcare Europe : 2002/2003 : The official HOPE reference book
A survey of hospital conditions in Helsinki before the existence of municipal hospitals
Black Jack. Volume 6
The 19th international conference  on health promoting hospitals & health services : improving health gain orientation in all services: better cooperation for continuity in care
Medical solid waste and wastewater treatment business in Vietnam : Market analysis and developing a competitive marketing strategy for selling medical solid waste and wastewater treatment equipment
I don't want to go to hospital
The spectacular finale to the New York Times bestselling trilogy that began with Mr. Mercedes (winner of the Edgar Award) and Finders Keepers--In End of Watch, the diabolical "Mercedes Killer" drives his enemies to suicide, and if Bill Hodges and Holly Gibney don't figure out a way to stop him, they'll be victims themselves. In Room 217 of the Lakes Region Traumatic Brain Injury Clinic, something has awakened. Something evil. Brady Hartsfield, perpetrator of the Mercedes Massacre, where eight people were killed and many more were badly injured, has been in the clinic for five years, in a vegetative state. According to his doctors, anything approaching a complete recovery is unlikely. But behind the drool and stare, Brady is awake, and in possession of deadly new powers that allow him to wreak unimaginable havoc without ever leaving his hospital room. Retired police detective Bill Hodges, the unlikely hero of Mr. Mercedes and Finders Keepers, now runs an investigation agency with his partner, Holly Gibney--the woman who delivered the blow to Hartsfield's head that put him on the brain injury ward. When Bill and Holly are called to a suicide scene with ties to the Mercedes Massacre, they find themselves pulled into their most dangerous case yet, one that will put their lives at risk, as well as those of Bill's heroic young friend Jerome Robinson and his teenage sister, Barbara. Brady Hartsfield is back, and planning revenge not just on Hodges and his friends, but on an entire city.  In End of Watch, Stephen King brings the Hodges trilogy to a sublimely terrifying conclusion, combining the detective fiction of Mr. Mercedes and Finders Keepers with the heart-pounding, supernatural suspense that has been his bestselling trademark. The result is an unnerving look at human vulnerability and chilling suspense. No one does it better than King.
Evaluation of the CaringTV Project at Armila Hospital -Professionals' Point of View
Franklin goes to the hospital, Franklin and the Tooth Fairy ; Finders keepers for Franklin
Black Jack. Volume 14
Gender differences in the occurrence, prognosis and risk factor control of cardiovascular disease
Hospital water supply as a source of nosocomial infections
37th R3 Nordic Contamination Control Symposium, Tampere, Finland, May 29 - 31, 2006
The practical roles of accounting in the New Zealand hospital system reforms 1984-1994 : an interpretive theory
Patient hand hygiene compliance in the hemodialysis environment
To improve economy and productivity in the general hospital Colombo with the new data based playroll system
Wolverine weapon X. [vol. 2]: Insane in the brain
Rationale for adopting activity-based costing in hospitals : three longitudinal case studies
Maigret's holiday
Primary health care centres : a review of current trends and the future demands for community-based health care facilities
Abstract.
The inception of the municipal hospital service, the Fever hospital, the Municipal hospital, and the Cholera hospital
Patients' experiences of being helped in an inpatient setting
Histories of different municipal hospitals
The bed and its surroundings : new care environments for chronic patients
An interpretation of accounting in hospitals
The hollow men
At the hospital
Peripheral intravenous therapy: focus on asepsis
Mosby's comprehensive review for veterinary technicians
Professional nursing care in Tanzania : a descriptive study of nursing care in Ilembula Lutheran Hospital
In the light of what we see
Rosie struggles with dyslexia at school, but when she is given an old watch, it transports her to a World War I Red Cross hospital. As a nurse she listens to secrets, and meets Edith Cavell, who helps soliders escape from the Germans / WorldCat.
Patients' experiences of psychosis in an inpatient setting
Wheezing requiring hospitalisation in infancy - outcome at early school age : viral aetiology of wheeze and predictive factors for outcome
Usage and expectations to laboratory equipment in some hospitals in China : an exploratory marketing research for Labsystems
Lean hospitals : improving quality, patient safety, and employee engagement
Topsy and Tim go to hospital
Night rounds
Terveyttä kaikille suomalaisille : terveyskeskuksia, sairaaloita, terveydenhuollon laitoksia = Health for all in Finland : hospitals, health centres, health care institutions
Hospital pharmacy
Personality disorders in the Northern Finland 1966 Birth Cohort Study
Hospital heritage : a journey through Europe
A textbook of hospital catering
The case of the girl in grey
The ninth life of Louis Drax
When the center doesn't hold: the importance of knotworking
Hospital reimbursement in an oligopolistic industry
Hospitals : design and development
Communication accommodation between healthcare providers at a private hospital in England : how does identity talk?
Brighton, 1938: Grace Kemp is pushed away by the family she has shamed. Rejected and afraid, she begins a new life as a nurse. But danger stalks the hospital too, and she'll need to be on her guard to avoid falling into familiar traps. And then there are the things she sees...Strange portents that have a way of becoming real. Eighty years later, Mina Morgan is brought to the same hospital after a near-fatal car crash. She is in terrible pain but recalls nothing. She's not even sure whom to trust. Mina too sees things that others cannot, but now, in hospital, her visions are clearer than ever...Two women, separated by decades, are drawn together by a shared space and a common need to salvage their lives.
Black Jack. Volume 7
Migrant friendly hospital : a literature review
Black Jack. Volume 3
Strategic management of health care organizations
A Nightingale Christmas wish
Abstract: Hospital-acquired infections (HAIs) present a substantial problem for healthcare providers. The aim of this final project was to improve the safety of patients and health care practitioners in Infection Disease Clinic in Helsinki University Central Hospital (HUCH). This final project was a part of improving asepsis during the preparation, administration and management of peripheral intravenous therapy, a project conducted by the Metropolia University of Applied Sciences in collaboration with Helsinki University Central Hospital. The purpose of the final project was to describe the principles' involved in the preparation, administration and management of peripheral intravenous therapy in the clinical setting. We conducted a systematic literature review of published studies that describe the principles of asepsis involved in the preparation, administration and management of peripheral intravenous therapy in the clinical setting from 2005 to January 2012. From a total of 1135 publications, only eight papers (0.7%) described the guidelines specific to peripheral intravenous therapy. A further 3 articles were selected from the reference list. We described the guidelines from the perspective on preparation, administration and management of peripheral intravenous therapy. Thematic synthesis of all text, figures, tables under the heading, key points, findings, results and discussion or conclusions reported in each included study was performed to develop descriptive and analytical themes. Eleven themes emerged. These themes were based on education of patients and health professionals, environment, hand hygiene, aseptic technique, skin preparation, Insertion of peripheral catheter, catheter-site dressing, maintaining sterile barrier, replacement of administration sets and peripheral catheters, documentation and performance improvement. The findings suggested that healthcare practitioners should always consider the patients as being susceptible. Standardization of practices will help reduce the risk of infection. Finally all health care practitioners must be educated to ensure that practices and procedures are adhered to and are consistent with day-to-day practices.
Hospital databases as source for reference data : proceedings from a NORDKEM Workshop 10.-11.6. 1994 Turku, Finland
Fight evolution with evolution: plasmid-dependent phages with a wide host range prevent the spread of antibiotic resistances
Franklin goes to the hospital
Peripheral intravenous therapy : focus on asepsis : Systematic literature review
Organisation development and research in hospitals
Healing the hospital environment : design, management and maintenance of healthcare premises
Adolescents with their first episode of schizophrenia spectrum psychosis : a comparison with adolescents suffering from other severe mental disorders
Utilizing elderly free time activities : a study of activities that promote health and wellbeing
Drug Inventory Control : Case: Thai International Hospital Mahasarakham
House M. D.. Season eight
Kemin historiaa etsimässä = In search of history of Kemi
Comparative study of hospital waste management and separation at site : case study of Tampere University hospital in Tampere, Finland and Muhimbili National hospital in Dar-es-Salam, Tanzania
Snakes and ladders
Making hospitals work : how to improve patient care while saving everyone's time and hospitals' resources
Organizational cultures of Finnish hospitals in change
Hope or hype : the obsession with medical advances and the high cost of false promises
The knowledge of INOvent®- delivery system among nurses at some neonatals' and children's intensive care units in Finland
The general hospital ward : A study on the programming and designing principles for individual rooms and the total ward and proposals for their application in Finnish general hospitals
Probing the interplay of microbes and medicine in a hospital setting using an individual-based model
The prisoner of Brenda
Children in hospital
Infections in intensive care : epidemiology and outcome
What she left behind
Communicating in hospital emergency departments
Black Jack. Volume 8
Higurashi when they cry : Festival accompanying arc. 2
Compounding of paediatric oral formulations : extemporaneous nifedipine capsules, powders and suspensions in the hospital pharmacy
Izzy Stone struggles to solve the mysteries surrounding her mentally ill mother and discover a place to truly call home.
Action learning in hospitals : diagnosis and therapy
To do the sick no harm : a study of the British voluntary hospital system to 1875
Information and communication technology use by reproductive health workers in Nigeria : state of the art, issues, and challenges
Leadership Styles and Traits in the Public Sector : Study in Vaasa Central Hospital
Implementing change in hand hygiene and asepsis in haemodialysis nursing care : a literature review
Black Jack. Volume 15
Summary: The Finnish clinical pharmacy practice in the early years of 1990's.
The bubble boy
"For every person over the age of 65 in todayʼs European Union there are four people of working age but, by 2050, there will only be two. Demand for long-term care, of which home care forms a significant part, will inevitably increase in the decades to come. Despite the importance of the issue there is, however, a lack of up-to-date and comparative information on home care in Europe. This volume attempts to fill some of that gap by examining current European policy on home-care services and strategies. Home Care across Europeprobes a wide range of topics including the linkage between social services and health-care systems, the prevailing funding mechanisms, how  service providers are paid, the impact of governmental regulation, and the complex roles played by informal caregivers. Drawing on a set of Europe-wide case studies (available in a second, online volume), the study provides comparable descriptive information on many aspects of the organization, financing and provision of home care across the continent. It is a text  that will help frame the coming debate about how best to serve elderly citizens as  European populations age." -- (takakansi)
Do wheezing infants grow up to be asthmatic adults? : asthma prevalence in relation to early-life and current risk factors
Studies on filed and compensated claims for patient injuries
Work of mercy : a picture history of hospitals
Challenges of cleanliness and hygiene from nursing perspective in a haemodialysis caring environment
The 5th horseman
Adverse events among older people associated with use of drugs with anticholinergic properties
Healing architecture
The lost soldier
Preventing Hospital Acquired Infections : Focus on MRSA & VRE
Shutter island
Changes in place of death in Sweden 2004-2011 : a study of urban elderly receiving public eldercare services
Merry christmas, Curious George
Psykiatrinen erikoissairaanhoito 2013 : Psykiatriska specialiserade sjukvården 2013 = Psychiatric specialist medical care 2013
Handbook of general hospital psychiatry
An investigation of the impact of operating room occupational hazards on intraoperative nurses
Nightingales at war
Going to the hospital
House M. D.. Season seven
Sociology in hospital care
Cultural beliefs and health behaviours of Roma patient in Finland
Crowning cure and other stories
Longyearbyen hospital : the northernmost hospital in the world
Under the knife
Early risk factors influencing lung function in schoolchildren born preterm in the era of new bronchopulmonary dysplasia
Design and analysis of a hospital costing system
Mortality, disability, psychiatric treatment and medication in first-onset schizophrenia in Finland:the register linkage study
Rationale for adopting activity-based costing in hospitals:three longitudinal case studies
A day at the Yorktown Animal Hospital
Medication reconciliation handbook
It's kind of a funny story
Information management for tactical decision-making in the cardiac care process
Signs of life : a portrait of the RVI
Decontamination of wearable textile electrodes for medical and health care applications
The Surgical Hospital in Helsinki 100 years
Abstract: This final project is part of Improving the Quality of Hand Hygiene and Asepsis in the Care of Nephrological Patients, a project conducted by Metropolia University of Applied Sciences, in collaboration with the Clinics of Nephrology and Infection Diseases of HUCH, the Department of Nursing Science of Turku University Faculty of Medicine, and the Finnish Kidney and Liver  Association.    The purpose of this final project is to identify interventions that can improve hand hygiene adherence in  haemodialysis patient care and, in addition, influence the implementation of change in clinical practice.    There were 15 research articles for this literature review, collected systematically from OVID, CINAHL and PUBMEB. In addition, manual search was conducted in order to find literature supporting the concepts of hand hygiene and asepsis.    The findings showed that single interventions improved hand hygiene adherence but, in order to reach a sustained high level of adherence, multifaceted interventional programmes focusing on education and behavioural change were preferred. They should include educational courses, trainings, poster campaigns, performance feedbacks, use of technology, accessibility to hand rub, and role modelling.    The implementation of change is a long process that depends on the quality and content of the interventions, the nurses' active participation and the support institutions can provide. Further development of multifaceted interventional programmes is needed to ensure that nurses have sufficient knowledge and awareness on hand hygiene and asepsis in the care of nephrological patients.
Home Care Across Europe : current structure and future challenges
Hospital architecture
Hospital health promotion
One flew over the cuckoo's nest
Five days at Memorial : life and death in a storm-ravaged hospital
"Hospital-Based Palliative Medicine: A Practical, Evidence-Based Approach focuses on improving a Hospitalist's ability to provide quality palliative care in the inpatient hospital setting. Although several large textbooks exist for the palliative care provider, there are few detailed resources aimed specifically at the general Hospitalist and hospital-based staff. Existing textbooks dedicate at most only one chapter to palliative care and they lack the detail and specificity in symptom management and communication skills to truly guide care. Hospital-Based Palliative Medicine addresses each of the major components involved in the delivery of inpatient palliative care. These include the management of complex symptoms and the use of specific communication techniques - right down to the actual words to say to the patient - to convey important information such as the reason for and use of medication and how to handle difficult topics with patients and their families and caregivers. The book's authors are all leaders in the field of palliative care, and most of them also practice as hospitalists, and thus understand both perspectives. Chapters are presented in a consistent format with particular attention to both clinical pearls and pitfalls, making the material practical and easily accessible to the busy hospitalist and associated hospital staff"--Provided by publisher.
Don't go where I can't follow
A user-oriented, evidence-based design project of the first Finnish single room ICU : results of EVICURES project
Black Jack. Volume 5
Langtidsbehandling på sygehuse : betænkning 1 afg. af det af Sundhedsstyrelsen den 3. marts 1969 nedsatte udvalg = long stay treatment and rehabilitation in hospitals : report 1 of a working group appointed by the National Health Service of Denmark
Hospital Management Software Development
Interdepartmental connection requirements in a general hospital building
Acceptance and Use of Information Technology among Nurses in Psychiatric Hospitals
Implementation of interventions in the CHIMACA project
Hospitals old and new : study tour in Switzerland, France and Spain 9.-16.5.2004
The cost of hospitalization : micro-economic approach to the problems involved : final report
Surgical site infections : orthopedic and trauma nurses views on causes and prevention of surgical site infection ssi's
Conduct disorder among girls: violent behaviour, suicidality and comorbidity:
a study of adolescent inpatients in Northern Finland
Problems in Ageing Client's Discharge Process
The bell jar : a novel
Patterns of time in hospital life : a sociological perpective
Hospital mortality of intensive care patients in Finland : insights into prognostic factors and measuring outcomes
Child life in hospitals : theory and practice
A mother's shame
Nightingales under the mistletoe
Hospital-based palliative medicine : a practical, evidence-based approach
Hospital-associated infections and the safety of alcohol hand gels in children
Management values, resources and power : a comparison of management values in Ålesund and Vaasa hospitals
Vanish : a novel
Samir and Yonatan
Hospital finance under the perspective of the new institutional economics : International Workshop, Wednesday July 8, 1987, Saarbruecken
Surgical Site Infections
Occupational group therapy in a psychiatric day care unit for long-term mentally ill patients : ward atmosphere, treatment process, and outcome
The secret horses of Briar Hill
Healing the hospital : design, management and maintenance of healthcare premises
Adolescent psychiatric inpatients with first hospitalization due to anorexia nervosa : can rehospitalization be predicted by clinical features?
Guidance and Orientation Manual : Internal Diseases Ward 11 - Central Finland Central Hospital
Operative treatment of ovarian cancer and borderline tumors in different hospital categories in Finland
Rose of no man's land : a Timepiece novel
The Wollstonecraft detectives Mary and Ada tackle their second case, this time involving a horrible hospital, a missing will, a hasty engagement and a client who can't be trusted.
Measurement of health care logistics in hospitals : multiple case study of five university hospital districts
Green procurement in Kenyan hospitals : exploring the awareness and opportunities for Kenyan hospitals to implement green procurement
Black Jack. Volume 9
A home for the heart
End of watch : a novel
Doctors' practices
Black Jack. Volume 4
White coats
Abstract: Patient Hand Hygiene Compliance in the Hemodialysis Environment.
Abstract: Nursing staff's experiences for implementations of primary nursing in the operative units of the Central Finland central hospital.
A criminal feigns insanity and is admitted to a mental hospital where he challenges the autocratic authority of the head nurse.
Psykiatrinen erikoissairaanhoito 2012 : Psykiatriska specialiserade sjukvården 2012 = Psychiatric specialist medical care 2012
Our lady of Alice Bhatti
