http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10918 military aid
military aid
Arms and the state : patterns of military production and trade
Soviet activities in Cuba : Hearing
Pitting fascists and communists in a showdown for supremacy, the Spanish Civil War has long been seen as a grim dress rehearsal for World War II. Francisco Franco's Nationalists prevailed with German and Italian military assistance--a clear instance, it seemed, of like-minded regimes joining forces in the fight against global Bolshevism. In Hitler's Shadow Empire, Pierpaolo Barbieri revises this standard account of Axis intervention in the Spanish Civil War, arguing that economic ambitions--not ideology--drove Hitler's Iberian intervention. The Nazis hoped to establish an economic empire in Europe, and in Spain they tested the tactics intended for future subject territories. The Nazis provided Franco's Nationalists with planes, armaments, and tanks, but behind this largesse was a Faustian bargain. Through weapons and material support, Germany gradually absorbed Spain into an informal empire, extending control over key Spanish resources in order to fuel its own burgeoning war industries. This plan was only possible and profitable because of Hitler's economic czar, Hjalmar Schacht, a 'wizard of international finance.' His policies fostered the interwar German recovery and consolidated Hitler's dictatorship. Though Schacht's economic strategy was eventually abandoned in favor of a very different conception of racial empire, Barbieri argues it was in many ways a more effective strategic option for the Third Reich. Deepening our understanding of the Spanish Civil War by placing it in the context of Nazi imperial ambitions, Hitler's Shadow Empire illuminates a fratricidal tragedy that still reverberates in Spanish life as well as the world war it heralded.
A lesson in political realism
Background information on the use of U.S. Armed Forces in foreign countries
Humanitarian emergencies and military help in Africa
Gary Bass shatters the myth that the history of humanitarian intervention began with Bill Clinton, or even Woodrow Wilson, and shows, instead, that there is a tangled international tradition, reaching back more than two hundred years, of confronting the suffering of innocent foreigners. Bass describes the political and cultural landscapes out of which these activists arose, as an emergent free press exposed Europeans and Americans to atrocities taking place beyond their shores and galvanized them to act. He brings alive a century of passionate advocacy in Britain, France, Russia, and the United States: the fight the British waged against the oppression of the Greeks in the 1820s, the huge uproar against a notorious massacre in Bulgaria in the 1870s, and the American campaign to stop the Armenian genocide in 1915. He tells the gripping stories of the activists themselves: Byron, Bentham, Madison, Gladstone, Dostoevsky, and Theodore Roosevelt among them. Bass also demonstrates that even in the imperialistic heyday of the nineteenth century, humanitarian ideals could play a significant role in shaping world politics. He argues that the failure of today's leading democracies to shoulder such responsibilities has led to catastrophes such as those in Rwanda and Darfur--catastrophes that he maintains are neither inevitable nor traditional.--From publisher description.
Refugees in international relations
Foreign assistance legislation, fiscal year 1972 : hearings before the Committee on Foreign Relations, United States Senate, Ninety-second Congress, first session, on S. 1656 ... and S. 1657 ... June 10, and 14, 1971.
Unkarilaiset vapaaehtoiset talvisodan Suomessa = Hungarian volunteers in Finland during the Winter War
Nuclear arms in the Third World : U.S. policy dilemma
Red stars. Vol. 4, Lend-lease aircraft in Russia
The dogs are eating them now : our war in Afghanistan
The role of foreign information and technology inthe development of the the Finnish Defence Forces
Charlie Wilsonin sota
Hitler's shadow empire : Nazi economics and the Spanish Civil War
Military assistance and sales act : report on S. 3583, to promote the foreign policy, security and general welfare of the United States by assisting peoples of the world in their efforts toward internal and external security, together with minority views
The ultimate weapon is no weapon : human security and the new rules of war and peace
Military-civilian interactions : intervening in humanitarian crises
Friends in need : towards a Swedish strategy of solidarity with her neighbours
Freedom's battle : the origins of humanitarian intervention
Deception : Pakistan, the United States and the global nuclear weapons conspiracy
Humanitarian intervention after Kosovo : Iraq, Darfur and the record of global civil society
Shows how Pakistan built a nuclear arsenal with US aid money and sold the technology to countries hostile to the West, while giving shelter to the resurgent Taliban and al-Qaeda. This work also reveals the much larger deception: how every American administration from Jimmy Carter to George W Bush has actively condoned Pakistan's nuclear activity. --Provided by publisher.
Humanitarian intervention : an introduction
Red stars. Vol. 5, Baltic Fleet Air Force in Winter War = Itämeren laivaston ilmavoimat talvisodassa
