http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10990 dairy cattle
dairy cattle
Milk production from silage : comparison of grass, legume and maize silages and their mixtures
Encyclopedia of dairy sciences. Vol. 1
Feeding strategy for the high yielding dairy cow
Lactation and the mammary gland
Responses in the yield of milk constituents to the intake of nutrients by dairy cows
Assessment of viability and function of post-thaw spermatozoa from swedish dairy AI bulls
Determination of ruminal feed digestibility and microbial synthesis based on digesta sampling from the omasal canal
Replacing grass silage with pea-barley intercrop silage in the feeding of the dairy cow
Effects of direct payments on farm performance : the case of dairy farms in northern EU countries
Automation of feeding and milking: production, health, behaviour, breeding : proceedings of the EAAP-symposium of the Commissions on animal management and health & cattle production, Helsinki, Finland, 1 July 1988
Fresh herbage for dairy cattle : the key to a sustainable food chain
Effects of gradual replacement of rapeseed cake with linseed cake in a grass silage-based diet for dairy cows
Welfare assessment in dairy cattle herds with loose-housing cubicle systems : development and evaluation of welfare indicators : PhD thesis
The international Friesian strain comparison trial : a world perspective
Symposium on bovine mastitis
Fertility in the high producing dairy cow
The effect of NaOH-treated wheat on the voluntary intake and production in dairy cows fed total mixed rations
Recommended code of practice for the care and handling of dairy cattle
Mastitis in dairy production : current knowledge and future solutions
Estimation of genetic parameters for test-day milk production at different stages of lactation of Finnish Ayrshire heifers
Three trials were performed on two organic farms with dairy and suckler cows and using home-produced forage and feed crops, predominantly grass-clover ley, in order to determine whether boron (B) is a limiting factor for legumes on coarse-textured soils in an area predisposed to low B soil concentrations. The effects of B fertilisation (applied as sprayed liquid) on biomass yield, botanical composition and plant macro- and micronutrient concentrations relative to soil concentrations and livestock requirements were investigated. Boron fertilisation (i) did not affect any yield, (ii) increased the white clover percentage significantly in forage on one farm and (iii) increased B concentrations in plants and soil on both farms, and (iv) did not affect concentrations of other nutrients in forage on either farm. Thus, B was not an obvious limiting factor on these farms. Effects of management practices on interactions and   ratios between B, calcium (Ca), potassium (K), magnesium (Mg) and sodium (Na) and their implications are discussed.
Pharmacokinetics of enrofloxacin and spiramycin after intravenous and intraarterial injections in dairy cows with special reference to milk concentrations
Flexible designs for change-over trials with linear periodeffect
Effects of oral selenium supplementation on mastitis markers and pathogens in Estonian cows
Annual and seasonal changes in mineral contents (Ca, Mg, P, K and Na) of grazed clover-grass mixtures in organic farming
Loser cows in Danish dairy herds with loose-housing systems: definition, prevalence, consequences and risk factors
Automatic cow health measurement system in a milking robot
In vitro N degradability and N digestibility of raw, roasted or extruded canola, linseed and soybean
Animal breeding : an introduction
Comparison of part-time grazing and indoor silage feeding on milk production
Effect of concentrate feeding strategy on the performance of dairy cows fed total mixed rations
Studies in epidemiology of bovine tick-borne fever in Finland and a clinical description of field cases
Evaluation of water melons as a source of water, and water melon seeds and acacia pods as a protein supplement for dairy cows in central Tanzania
Efficient livestock handling : the practical application of animal welfare and behavioral science
Participatory common learning in groups of dairy farmers in Uganda (FFS approach) and Danish stable schools
Identification of coagulase-negative staphylococci and their role in clinical and subclinical mastitis = Identification des SCN et rôle dans les mammites cliniques et subcliniques
Farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness as factors of financial success on Finnish dairy farms
Shortened luteal phases after premature ovulations induced with cloprostenol and gonadotropin-releasing hormone in cyclic dairy cows
Guide to good dairy farming practice
Central and local mechanisms involved in the control of milk production and milk let down
Directory of feeds and feed ingredients
Pregnancy rates in lactating Holstein-Friesian cows after artificial insemination with sexed sperm
Effect of insemination with a dose of 2 or 15 million frozen-thawed spermatozoa and semen deposition on pregnancy rate in dairy cows
Land use response to agricultural policy and market movements on Finnish dairy-farms
Aspects of the nitrogen metabolism and nutritional status of urea-fed dairy cattle
Ultrasonic imaging and animal reproduction. Book 3, Cattle
Bovine virus diarrhoea virus infections in dairy cattle : with emphasis on diagnosis, epidemiology and control
New monitoring methods of dairy cattle welfare in Finland
Technical success and effectiveness of teat cleaning in automatic milking in Finland
Journal of dairy science
Hyperketonaemia 3-5 weeks post partum in organic and conventional dairy herds
Applying holistic indicators to assess dairy farm efficiency is essential for sustainable milk production. Data Envelopment Analysis (DEA) has been instrumental for the calculation of such indicators. However, 'additive' DEA models have been rarely used in dairy research. This study presented an additive model known as slacks-based measure (SBM) of efficiency and its advantages over DEA models used in most past dairy studies. First, SBM incorporates undesirable outputs as actual outputs of the production process. Second, it identifies the main production factors causing inefficiency. Third, these factors can be 'priced' to estimate the cost of inefficiency. The value of SBM for efficiency analyses was demonstrated with a comparison of four contrasting dairy management systems in terms of technical and environmental efficiency. These systems were part of a multiple-year breeding and feeding systems experiment (two genetic lines: select vs. control; and two feeding strategies: high forage vs. low forage, where the latter involved a higher proportion of concentrated feeds) where detailed data were collected to strict protocols. The select genetic herd was more technically and environmentally efficient than the control herd, regardless of feeding strategy. However, the efficiency performance of the select herd was more volatile from year to year than that of the control herd. Overall, technical and environmental efficiency were strongly and positively correlated, suggesting that when technically efficient, the four systems were also efficient in terms of undesirable output reduction. Detailed data such as those used in this study are increasingly becoming available for commercial herds through precision farming. Therefore, the methods presented in this study are growing in importance..
Elevation of prostaglandin E2, eosinophils, alkaline phosphatase, urea, in bovine mastitis
Supply of nutrients and productive responses in dairy cows given diets based on restrictively fermented silage
Cattle lameness and hoofcare : an illustrated guide
Nutrient requirements of dairy cattle
Dairy cattle feeding and nutrition
Proceedings of the XVI International Silage Conference : Hämeenlinna, Finland, 2-4 July 2012
Dairy farming, a self-teaching course : based on "Dairy cattle and milk production"
Encyclopedia of dairy sciences. Vol. 2
Technology for milking and housing of dairy cows : NJF-seminar no 337, 11 -13 February 2002, Hamar, Norway
Crossbreeding effects between two Swedish dairy breeds for production and reproductive traits
Contactless measurement of cow behavior in a milking robot
Veterinary book for dairy farmers
The N degradability and N digestibility of raw, roasted or extruded oilseeds were studied using an in vitro enzyme method. The N degradability and N digestibility of canola, linseed and soybean were calculated based on the proportional difference in N remaining after incubation and the initial N content. Heat treatments increased the undegradable N fraction of linseed and soybean, whereas that of canola was decreased by extrusion. Heat treatments did not decrease the N digestibility of the oilseeds compared to raw samples. The high N digestibility and lower acid detergent insoluble N values of heat treated oilseeds indicated no indigestible complexes were formed. In conclusion, roasting or extrusion can be used to increase the undegradable N fraction of linseed and soybean to increase the dietary protein availability for digestion in ruminants, but was less effective for canola. The present heat treatments did not damage the protein or affect the N digestibility of the oilseeds.
Identification of genes controlling milk production in dairy cattle
Dairy production medicine : philosophy and practical application on dairy farms
Herd health and production management in dairy practice
Precision dairy farming 2016
Successful feeding systems for dairy
Economic consequences of Paratuberculosis control in dairy cattle herds
Values affect humans' perception of situations and problems and guide our actions. The objective of this study was to explore the values of dairy farmers, and whether their values influenced their decisions to maintain dairy farming or to buy consultancy services. During late fall 2007 we visited and interviewed 90 farmers. First we did a qualitative analysis of the data and then we merged the interview data with the existing database of financial data from the year 2007 to do statistical analyses. We also checked whether the farmers still produced milk in 2013, six years after the interviews.  Most farmers had terminal values like keeping up the tradition and to have an interesting work. Value combinations with instrumental values such as to earn money and to produce milk were common. Realizing that many farmers prioritize terminal values over instrumental values has important consequences for dairy companies, dairy consultants and politicians.
Dairy cow excreta patches change the boreal grass swards from sink to source of methane
Associations of blood groups and protein polymorphisms with performance and production traits
Principles of cattle production
Feeding dairy cows in the tropics : proceedings of the FAO expert consultation held in Bangkok, Thailand, 7-11 July 1989
This paper reviews the production of, and factors affecting the performance of dairy cows, beef cattle and sheep offered silage based diets in Ireland and UK. Digestibility is the most important factor influencing the feed value of grass silage and consequently animal performance. Each 10 g kg-1 increase in digestive organic matter in the dry matter (DOMD) increases milk yield of dairy cows by 0.33 kg d-1, carcass gain of beef cattle by 23.8 g d-1 , carcass gain of finishing lambs by 9.3 g d-1, lamb birth weight by 52.3 g and ewe weight post lambing by 1.3 kg, respectively. Factors influencing feed value of grass silage are discussed including harvest date, wilting, fertilizer management, chop length and use of additives at ensiling. Maize silage increases the performance of cattle and sheep whilst whole crop wheat silage has no beneficial effect. Advances in silage technology, has enabled the ensiling high protein forages, such as red clover, lucerne and kale.
Practical mastitis control in dairy herds : a field guide on various aspects of udder health for the dairy practitioner
Dairy cows: nutrition, fertility and milk production
Pure and compensated efficiency of Swedish dairy farms
Fifth International Dairy Housing Conference : conference proceedings, January 29-31, 2003, Forth Worth, Texas
Final scientific report of the projekt NKJ: 1.276 : disease incidence in dairy cows in Nordic countries : comparison of national disease reporting systems
Feeds & nutrition
The effects of added glycerol or unprotected free fatty acids or a combination of the two on silage intake, milk production, rumen fermentation and diet digestibility in cows given grass silage based diets
Getting started with beef & dairy cattle
The key elements for genetic response in Finnish dairy cattle breeding
Effect of anionic salts on some blood and urine minerals, acid-base balance and udder oedema of dry pregnant cows
Concentrate feeding and milk yield based on field data of milk recorded herds
Effects of physical treatment of barley and rapeseed meal in dairy cows given grass silage-based diets
Model code of practice for the welfare of animals : cattle
Effect of anionic salts in concentrate mixture on some blood and urine minerals, acid-base balance and feed intake of dry pregnant cows on grass silage based feeding with high calcium intake
Udder health of dairy cows in automatic milking
Calving performance, production and reproduction in early lactation : studies on variation and interrelationships in Swedish dairy breeds under experimental conditions
Calving performance, production and reproduction in early lactation : studies on variation and interrelationships in Swedish dairy breeds under experimental conditions : by Britt Berglund
Data on stillbirth from the Animal Breeding Center of Iran collected from January 1990 to December 2007 and comprising 668810 Holstein calving events from 2506 herds were analyzed. Linear and threshold animal and sire models were used to estimate genetic parameters and genetic trends for stillbirth in the first, second, and third parities. Mean incidence of stillbirth decreased from first to third parities: 23.7%, 22.1%, and 21.8%, respectively. Phenotypic rates of stillbirth decreased from 1993 to 1998, for first, second and third calvings, and then increased from 1998 to 2007 for the first three parities. Direct heritability estimates of stillbirth for parities 1, 2 and 3 ranged from 2.2 to 8.7%, 0.6 to 5.1% and 0.1 to 3.8%, respectively, and maternal heritability estimates of stillbirth for parities 1, 2 and 3 ranged from 1.4 to 6.3%, 0.5 to 4.2% and 0.08 to 2.0%, respectively, using linear and threshold animal models. The threshold sire model estimates of heritabilities for stillbirth in this study were 0.021 to 0.071, while the linear sire model estimates of heritabilities for stillbirth in the current study were from 0.003 to 0.021 over the parities. There was a slightly increasing genetic trend for stillbirth rate in parities 1 and 2 over time with the analysis of linear animal and linear sire models. There was a significant decreasing genetic trend for stillbirth rate in parity 1 and 3 over time with the analysis of threshold animal and threshold sire models, but the genetic trend for stillbirth rate in parity 2 with these models of analysis was significantly positive. The low estimates of heritability obtained in this study implied that much of the improvement in stillbirth could be attained by improvement of production environment rather than genetic selection.
Modern livestock & poultry production
Udder health and communication : proceedings of the international conference 25-27 October 2011, Utrecht, the Netherlands
Dairy farmers' values and how their values affect their decision
Dairy cattle fertility & sterility
Estimation of genetic parameters and genetic change for stillbirth in Iranian Holstein cows : a comparison between linear and threshold models
Precision livestock farming '09 : papers presented at the 4th European conference on precision livestock farming, Wageningen, the Netherlands, 6-8 July 2009
Metabolic balance in the predicton of reproductive performance in dairy cows
Replacement decisions on Finnish dairy farms : toward better economic performance with novel technology and sustainable herds
The objective of the study was to analyze how farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness contribute to profitability of farming. A structural equation model of these two elements of management capacity and financial performance was applied on survey data and bookkeeping results from 117 dairy farms. The model explained one-fourth of the varying profitability of sample farms. The results show that farmers' managerial thinking is connected to farm profitability, but management process effectiveness is not. It was concluded that it is essential for good performance that the farmer has a clear vision of developing farming with business and investment plans. Successful farmers also have a firm confidence in their managerial skills, a strong emphasis on instrumental and intrinsic values, and a high appreciation of farming as occupation. They also see the farm as an entrepreneurial business unit and intend to follow the corresponding principles of management.
Observations on udder health of automatically milked cows in Finland
Omasal sampling technique in estimation of the site and extent of mineral absorption in dairy cows fed rapeseed and soybean expellers
Summary.
Microbial protein synthesis, digestion and lactation responses of cows to grass or grass-red clover silage diet supplemented with barley or oats
Economic aspects on the production time of dairy cows
Transferrin polymorphism in Finnish Ayrshire cattle
Prospects for selecting A.I. bulls for fertility
Improving efficiency assessments using additive data envelopment analysis models: an application to contrasting dairy farming systems
Concentration and estimated flow of soluble non-ammonia nitrogen entering the omasum of dairy cows as influenced by different protein supplements
Bovine laminitis and lameness : a hands on approach
Nutritional influence on fat and protein composition of milk
Encyclopedia of dairy sciences. Vol. 4
Competitive behaviour of dairy cows at a concentrate self-feeder
Estimation of variance and covariance components in livestock populations under selection
Comparison of the disease incidences of Finnish Ayrshire and Finnish Black and White dairy cows
The effect of genotype on clinical characteristics and persistence of bovine S. aureus mastitis
Mastitis in cattle
Postpartum reproductive function in Finnish dairy cows
Response of rhlf-transgenic dairy cows to experimentally induced Escherichia coli mastitis
A veterinary book for dairy farmers
An overview of silage research in Finland : from ensiling innovation to advances in dairy cow feeding
Physical properties of synthetic bedding materials for free-stall dairy cow
Bovine Ketosis bei Milchkühen mit hoher Leistung = Ketosis in high-yielding dairy cows
Boron fertilisation of organically managed grass-clover swards on coarse-textured soils: effects on botanical and element composition
Nutrition and lactation in the dairy cow
Principles of dairy science
Farms of northern Finland
Modern livestock and poultry production
Ultrasonic imaging and animal reproduction. Book 4, Color-doppler ultrasonography
Association between protein feeding and reproductive efficiency in the dairy cow : specific emphasis on protein feeding in Finland
Total mix rations and  supercows
Performance of growing dairy bulls offered diets based on silages made of whole-crop barley, whole-crop wheat, hairy vetch and grass
Production and utilization of ensiled forages by beef cattle, dairy cows, pregnant ewes and finishing lambs : a review
Clinical heifer mastitis
Breeding for lifetime performance in dairy cattle
Modern dairy production is inevitably associated with impacts to the environment and the challenge for the industry today is to increase production to meet growing global demand while minimising emissions to the environment. Negative environmental impacts include gaseous emissions to the atmosphere, of ammonia from livestock manure and fertiliser use, of methane from enteric fermentation and manure management, and of nitrous oxide from nitrogen applications to soils and from manure management. Emissions to water include nitrate, ammonium, phosphorus, sediment, pathogens and organic matter, deriving from nutrient applications to forage crops and/or the management of grazing livestock. This paper reviews the sources and impacts of such emissions in the context of a forage-based dairy farm and considers a number of potential mitigation strategies, giving some examples using the farm-scale model SIMSDAIRY. Most of the mitigation measures discussed are associated with systemic improvements in the efficiency of production in dairy systems. Important examples of mitigations include: improvements to dairy herd fertility, that can reduce methane and ammonia emissions by up to 24 and 17%, respectively; diet modification such as the use of high sugar grasses for grazing, which are associated with reductions in cattle N excretion of up to 20% (and therefore lower N losses to the environment) and potentially lower methane emissions, or reducing the crude protein content of the dairy cow diet through use of maize silage to reduce N excretion and methane emissions; the use of nitrification inhibitors with fertiliser and slurry applications to reduce nitrous oxide emissions and nitrate leaching by up to 50%. Much can also be achieved through attention to the quantity, timing and method of application of nutrients to forage crops and utilising advances made through genetic improvements.
Comparisons of selenite and selenium yeast feed supplements on Se-incorporation, mastitis and leukocyte function in Se-deficient dairy cows
Milk production from pasture
Studies on monthly and cumulative monthly milk yield records
Effect of anionic salts in concentrate mixture and magnesium intake on some blood and urine minerals and acid-base balance of dry pregnant cows on grass silage based feeding
Feeding behaviour in dairy cows : motivational aspects
Milk composition and metabolism of cows selected for high or low milk-fat concentration
Encyclopedia of dairy sciences. Vol. 3
How to raise cattle : everything you need to know
Breed differences in forage intake as related to production increases in Swedish Red, Swedish Friesian, and Swedish Jersey cattle at Kungsängen experimental station (Hfä)
Recent advances in animal nutrition : 2003
ITIH4 (inter-alpha-trypsin inhibitor heavy chain 4) is a new acute-phase protein isolated from cattle during experimental infection
The milk sector has received much attention in Europe due to the abolition of milk quotas in 2015 and its potential effect on the geographical distribution of milk production across countries. As a way of assessing the competitive advantage of Nordic EU countries, we investigated the productivity level and productivity growth of milk farms across eight countries of the Baltic Sea region from 1995 to 2010. We found considerable discrepancy in the productivity performance of dairy farms across countries. TFP growth rates indicate that, at farm level, the competitive positions of the older EU members are stable, and that there is no catching up from the newer EU entrants. We offer explanations for this evolution based on the different patterns of structural change followed by the studied countries.
A practical guide to the feeding of organic farm animals : pigs, poultry, cattle, sheep and goats
Understanding the dairy cow
The compensatory effect of environmental subsidies for agri-environmental output constraints was evaluated through a comparative analysis observing the 'pure' efficiency, as a benchmark for prevailing production conditions, and the 'compensated' efficiency, as a proxy indicator of the compensation. An unbalanced data panel covering 3578 Swedish dairy farms in the period 2002-2012 was used. The analysis showed that in the study period, environmental farm support decreased the differences in farm revenue generated by agri-environmental output constraints in Sweden. However, the environmental support distribution did not succeed in meeting regional needs, so difficulties in farmers' ability to generate output in southern and central forest and valley areas of Sweden were visible. Furthermore, the environmental agricultural support had only a partial subsidisation effect on 'green' farm management practices, with full compensation being achieved for organic and capital-extensive farming, whereas low livestock density farming was not sufficiently compensated. This analysis reveals incentives with policy implications for farm economic performance and provides direct input to future policy recommendations for environmental support allocation.
Dairy cattle judging made easy : interactive CD-ROM = Una forma sencilla de juzgar al ganado lechero : CD-ROM
Effects of and interactions between the extent of silage fermentation and protein and protein supplementation in lactating dairy cows
Clinical characteristics and persistence of bovine mastitis caused by different species of coagulase-negative staphylococci identified with API or AFLP
The expectant dairy cow
Dairy freestall : housing and equipment
Lipidmobilisation und Insulinfunktion bei Kühen mit hoher Milchleistung = Lipid mobilization and insulin function in cows with high milk yield
Dried poultry manure as a feed ingredient for dairy cows
Dairy cattle selection
Nitrogen and phosphorus balances on Finnish dairy farms
Caring for transition cows
Hoard's dairyman : the national dairy farm magazine
This paper studies the structural development of farms with more than one hectare of arable land in northern Finland and explores the reasons behind the development. The paper relies mainly on agricultural census information and farm register statistics, focusing on the period after World War II.Agricultural settlement expanded in northern Finland well into the mid- 1960s due to active policy measures. The period of extensive rural population was short-lived, however. A number of unfavourable factors emerged roughly simultaneously and the number of active farms declined from nearly 60,000 in the 1960s to about 10,000 in 2000. Finland's entry into the EU in the mid-1990s gave further impetus to the development toward fewer but larger farms.Today, active farms are several times as large as their predecessors 40-50 years ago. About 50 percent of all active farms in northern Finland are dairy farms, whose impact is considerably larger than their mere number would suggest.
New views in cattle feeding : normal concentrates replaced by urea and hemicellulose syrup prepared from wood
Economic con[s]equences of different times of conception : a simulation study
Premature PGF2α secretion causes luteal regression in Gn-RH-induced short oestrous cycles in dairy heifers
Bovine mastitis caused by coagulase-negative staphylococci may persist
Because of the climatic conditions, the Finnish milk production research has focused to improve the utilisation of grassland, mainly as conserved forages. The main research areas have been ensiling, evaluation of the forage feeding value, predicting nutrient supply from grass silage-based diet and the effects of forage quality and concentrate supplementation on milk production responses. Due to changes in ensiling technologies and variety of forage crops new silage additives have been adopted. A centralized system for the analysis of forage energy value is based on NIRS calibration. It was calibrated against in vitro pepsin-cellulase solubility method that was validated against in vivo digestibility. The concentration of indigestible neutral detergent fibre was found to be a useful parameter both in empirical models predicting forage digestibility and mechanistic rumen models predicting the amounts of absorbed nutrients. Models predicting relative intake potential of forages and total diet were developed, and an intake model combining animal and diet effects independently of each other was developed. Using meta-analysis approaches a nutrient response model was developed for dairy cows for milk, energy corrected milk and protein yield.  Feed evaluation, intake and nutrient response models form now the basis of practical Finnish ration formulation system that can optimize diets according to maximum income over feed cost in addition to minimum feed cost.
Livestock feeds and feeding
Dairy manure systems : equipment and technology : proceedings from "Dairy manure systems - equipment and technology" : a conference for producers and their advisors, Rochester Marriott Thruway Hotel, Rochester, New York, March 20-22, 2001.
Observations on teat health of automatically milked cows
Competitiveness of Dairy Farms In Northern Europe: A Cross-Country analysis
We studied methane (CH₄) flux rates from experimental excreta patches on a dairy pasture with a chamber technique during snow free seasons and with a gas gradient technique during winter from timothy-meadow fescue sward with mineral N fertilization (220 kg ha-1) and from grass-white clover mixture without fertilization. The dung and urine patches were applied in June or August two consecutive grazing seasons and the measurements were carried out for a year following each application. There were no significant differences in CH₄  fluxes between plant species and emissions originated mainly from the fresh dung pats. The average annual CH₄ fluxes from the control sites without excreta were -0.60±0.1 and with the excreta 0.47±0.3 kg CH₄ ha-1. Thus, excreta originating from dairy cows can turn boreal swards from weak sinks to small sources of CH₄. However, these emissions are only 0.2% of the total CH₄ emissions from a dairy cow.
Feeding the dairy cow : looking at things from the cow's perspective
The high rates of rumen fermentation, physical breakdown and passage rates from the rumen of legume silages lead to higher intakes than for grass silages of comparable digestibility. Although total tract digestibilities for legume silages and maize silages are often lower than for grass silages, milk yields are usually higher. A further benefit of legumes and maize is the reduced rate of decline in digestibility. Legume silages often lead to a reduction in milk fat concentration and increased levels of polyunsaturated fatty acids, 18:2 n-6 and 18:3 n-3. This latter effect is related to reduced rumen biohydrogenation as a consequence of increased rumen passage rates or the effects of polyphenol oxidase. There is quite a wide range of maturities (300 - 350 g kg-1 DM) that leads to maximum dry matter intakes and milk production from maize silage; milk production is reduced with immature or over-mature maize crops. Forage chop length exerts a number of effects, both in the silo and in the rumen, but effects on rumen function, feed intake and milk production have been inconsistent. The high protein content and high N degradability of most legume silages is associated with a low efficiency of converting dietary N into milk N, with a concomitant increase in urine N. Reducing N intake by inclusion of maize silage in mixtures with legume silages leads to a marked reduction in urine N without loss of production potential. It is predicted, on the basis of their chemical composition and rumen kinetics, that legume silages and maize silages would reduce methane production relative to grass silage, though in vivo measurements are lacking. Extensive fermentation in the silo reduces the amount of fermentable substrate, and reduced methane production in comparison with grass silage where fermentation had been restricted by high levels of acid additive.
Finnish embryo transfer breeding program "ASMO" : description of the goals and a summary of the results of initial selection
Development Needs of the Dairy Farms in Kosovo
Automatic milking : a better understanding
Observation of cow behaviour in an automatic milking system using web-based video recording technology
Evaluation of the spot urine sampling technique to assess urinary pseudouridine excretion in lactating dairy cows
Annual and seasonal changes in production and composition of grazed clover-grass mixtures in organic farming
World animal science. 100 3, Dairy-cattle production
Lameness in ruminants : the 15th International Symposium & the 7th Conference, Kuopio, Finland 9 - 13 June, 2008, proceedings
Effect of insemination with doses of 2 or 15 million frozen-thawed spermatozoa and semen deposition site on pregnancy rate in dairy cows
Re-defining mineral nutrition
Feeding concentrates : supplements for dairy cows
Utilisation of grazed grass in temperate animal systems : proceedings of a satellite workshop of the XXth International Grassland Congress, July 2005, Cork, Ireland
Effects of composite casein and [beta]-lactoglobulin genotypes on renneting properties and composition of bovine milk by assuming an animal model
Mastitis in dairy cows
Prospects for bedded pack barns for dairy cattle
Opportunities for reducing environmental emissions from forage-based dairy farms
Effect of anionic salts in concentrate mixture and calcium intake on some blood and urine minerals, acid-base balance and feed intake of dry pregnant cows on grass silage based feeding
Grazing management for Nordic organic dairy farming
