http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10921 childbirth at home
childbirth at home
Failure to progress : the contraction of the midwifery profession
The homebirth handbook : how to have your baby calmly and safely at home
Vulnerability and the art of protection : embodiment and health care in Moroccan households
Determinants of the choice of child home delivery in Mbeya district, Tanzania
Domestic childbirth
Psychological perspectives on pregnancy and childbirth
The silent cry : alone, there is nothing Kim can do as her mother's mental health spirals out of control
Veterinary reproduction and obstetrics
The majority of babies throughout the world are born at home and it is mainly in developed countries (and mostly in the past few decades) that going to hospital to have your baby has become the norm. This is all set to change as more and more evidence comes to light about the positive outcomes of homebirths. With inspirational stories from women who have had successful home birth experiences, you'll find out: why women are perfectly designed to give birth; what the evidence says about the best place to give birth; the myths surrounding childbirth at home; how to plan for a home birth and what you need on the day; what your choices of pain relief are; what the possible risks and complications might be Practical and reassuring, The Home birth Handbook provides all the information you need to feel completely prepared and excited to welcome your baby in the comfort and safety of your own home.
Wright's veterinary obstetrics : including diseases of reproduction
Successful home birth and midwifery : the Dutch model
Current therapy in large animal theriogenology
In the era of domestic childbirth
[Articles on] childbirth
Birth your way
Becoming a mother
Gentle birth, gentle mothering : a doctor's guide to natural childbirth and gentle early parenting choices
Expecting better : why the conventional pregnancy wisdom is wrong and what you really need to know
Birth in Focus : stories and photos to inform, educate and inspire
Choices in birth care - the place of birth
Active birth : the new approach to giving birth naturally
Childbirth in bygone rural Finland
Mila's journey : a personal account of a home birth
A green guide to your natural pregnancy and birth : the kind way for you, your baby and the environment
The paradox of natural mothering
Telegraph avenue
Delivered at home
Spiritual midwifery
The heartbreaking true story of a young, troubled mother who needed help. The sixteenth fostering memoir by Cathy Glass. It s a big, exciting moment for Laura when she decides to finally take her new baby out to the school playground for the first time ever. What should be a happy, magical moment quickly sours, however, when Laura suddenly feels queasy and runs off back home. None of the other schoolyard mothers seem to notice this troubled, struggling woman apart from Cathy. But when Cathy tries to help, she finds herself hitting wall after wall. Laura needs medical help but refuses to see a doctor. Her own cold mother refuses to help. It is left to Cathy to try and bring light to this dark and dangerous place.
Selected readings in family nursing from the finnish perspective
