http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10961 sensations (mental objects)
sensations (mental objects)
The political life of sensation
Perceiving one's own body
Optical illusions. S. Tolansky
Naturalizing the mind
A natural history of the senses
Embodied interaction choreographies : kinesthetic approach to intelligent environment design
The Moons At Your Door collects over 30 tales, both familiar and unknown from  Robert Aickman, Algernon Blackwood, DK Broster, AM Burrage, RW Chambers, Aleister Crowley, Elizabeth Gaskell, WW Jacobs, MR James, LA Lewis, Thomas Ligotti, Arthur Machen, Guy de Maupassant, Perrault, Thomas De Quincey, Saki, Count Stenbock and HR Wakefield. The volume also includes extracts and translations by the author from Babylonian, Coptic and Biblical texts alongside poems and fairy tales.
Lighting design : a perception-based approach
"Literature's Sensuous Geographies offers a study of place in postcolonial literature and theory from other than the socio-cultural and political angles that have traditionally dominated the field. Moslund explores "sensuous geographies" (something that has so far been neglected in the study of place in literature) as opening up other than discursive relations to the world - other, non-territorial modes of being-in-the-world. The book develops a sense-aesthetic mode of reading (a "topo-poetics") and in close-readings of Conrad, Blixen, Coetzee and Achebe (among others), Moslund explores dimensions in literature that open up the place world as produced by desubjectified intensities of smell, sound, sight, touch, etc. Sense-aesthetic qualities of literary language are shown in this way as radically challenging the rationalizing logic of modernity (the inner logic of imperialism), at the heart of which Moslund identifies a disciplining of the senses and a reduction of the sensuous openness of reality. With his study of sensuous geographies in literature, Moslund makes a notable shift in the field of postcolonial studies and geocriticism from discourse analysis to aesthetic analysis"--
Plotinus on sense-perception : a philosophical study
Last writings on the philosophy of psychology = Letzte Schriften über die Philosophie der Psychologie. Vol. 2, The inner and the outer 1949-1951 = Das Innere und das Äussere 1949-1951
The voices within : the history and science of how we talk to ourselves
Subliminal : how your unconscious mind rules your behavior
Touch : the science of hand, heart, and mind
Snoezelen : application fields in practice
Atmospherics
Pathologies of belief
Mental acts : their content and their objects
Appereance and reality : a philosophical investigation into perception and perceptual qualities
Neuropsychology for occupational therapists : cognition in occupational performance
The biological foundations of music
The engine of reason, the seat of the soul : a philosophical journey into the brain
Sensory and food related perceptions of 8-, 9-, 10- and 11-year-old school children : baseline measurements
Both a vital theoretical work and a fine illustration of the principles and practice of sensory ethnography, this much anticipated translation is destined to figure as a major catalyst in the expanding field of sensory studies. Drawing on his own fieldwork in Brazil and Japan and a wide range of philosophical, literary and cinematic sources, the author outlines his vision for a 'modal anthropology'. François Laplantine challenges the primacy accorded to 'sign' and 'structure' in conventional social science research, and redirects attention to the tonalities and rhythmic intensities of different ways of living. Arguing that meaning, sensation and sociality cannot be considered separately, he calls for a "politics of the sensible" and a complete reorientation of our habitual ways of understanding reality.The book also features an introduction to the sensory and social thought of Francois Laplantine and the Sensory Studies series by series editor David Howes.
Some observations on sound and hearing
The dissolution of mind : a fable of how experience gives rise to cognition
The book collector
Too loud, too bright, too fast, too tight : what to do if you are sensory defensive in an over-stimulating world
Experience offers a reading experience like no other. A heat-sensitive cover by Olafur Eliasson reveals words, colors, and a drawing when touched by human hands. Endpapers designed by Carsten Holler are printed in ink containing carefully calibrated quantities of the synthesized human pheromones estratetraenol and androstadienone, evokingthe suggestibility of human desire. The margins and edges of the book are designed by Tauba Auerbach in complementary colors that create a dynamically shifting effect when the book is shifted or closed. When the book is opened, bookmarks cascade from the center, emerging from spider web prints by Tomas Saraceno. Experience produces experience while bringing the concept itself into relief as an object of contemplation. The sensory experience of the book as a physical object resonates with the intellectual experience of the book as a container of ideas. Experience convenes a conversation with artists, musicians, philosophers, anthropologists, historians, and neuroscientists, each of whom explores aspects of sensorial and cultural realms of experience.
Perspective and other optical illusions
Delusions and other irrational beliefs
The horror sensorium : media and the senses
Living sensationally : understanding your senses
Supersense : from superstition to religion - the brain science of belief
Why red doesn't sound like a bell : understanding the feel of consciousness
Balthasar on the spiritual senses : perceiving splendour
Mysticism and logic and other essays
Ecology of sensing
Theories of perception in medieval and early modern philosophy
Towards a theory of stimulus control
Perceptual coherence : hearing and seeing
The senses in self, society, and culture : a sociology of the senses
A study of the visual perception of deaf children
The senses, or sensory modalities, constitute the different ways we have of perceiving the world, such as seeing, hearing, touching, tasting, and smelling. But how many senses are there? How many could there be? What makes the senses different? What interaction takes place between the senses? This book is a guide to thinking about these questions. Together with an extensive introduction to the topic, the book contains the key classic papers on this subject and nine newly commissioned essays. --
De natura rerum : scripta in honorem professoris Olli Koistinen sexagesimum annum complentis
Early sensory skills
Hearing and touching rock art : Finnish rock paintings and the non-visual
Illusionology : the secret science of magic
Fish physiology. 25, Sensory systems neuroscience
The reliability of sense perception
The origins of modern philosophy of science 1830-1914. The analysis of sensations
The world of perception
Sense-perception and self-awareness : before and after Avicenna
The moons at your door
Daylight influence on colour design : empirical study on perceived colour and colour experience indoors
Everyday life in Asia : social perspectives on the senses
Human δ opioid receptor Phe27 and Cys27 variants : the role of heteromerization and pharmacological chaperones in receptor processing and trafficking
Perception : a representative theory
Odd perceptions
I see a voice : a philosophical history of language, deafness and the senses
The science of illusions
A survey of plants suitable for a sensual garden dedicated to horticultural therapy in Kuopio, with a working model of the garden
Scent : the mysterious and essential powers of smell
The neurobiology of spatial behaviour
Bodily sensations
Touch : the science of the sense that makes us human
Thomas Reid's theory of perception
Face-specific responses from the human inferior occipito-temporal cortex
Sensation and perception
The perceptual system : a philosophical and psychological perspective
Fundamentals of sensory physiology
Human perception of objects : early visual processing of spatial form defined by luminance, color, texture, motion, and binocular disparity
Koke-a : touch, feel, and wake up the senses
Perception in Kant's model of experience
Absolute pitch - both a curse and a blessing
Scientific thought
The doors of perception and Heaven and hell
Blindspots : the many ways we cannot see
Illusion in nature and art
Orders of consciousness and forms of reflexivity in Descartes
The senses and communication
By reading this book, you will develop the skills to perceive a space and its contents in light, and be able to devise a layout of luminaires that will provide that lit appearance. Written by renowned lighting expert Christopher (Kit) Cuttle, the book: explains the difference between vision and perception, which is the distinction between providing lighting to make things visible, and providing it to influence the appearance of everything that is visible, demonstrates how lighting patterns generated by three-dimensional objects interacting with directional lighting are strongly influential upon how the visual perception process enables us to recognize object attributes, such as lightness, colourfulness, texture and gloss, reveals how a designer who understands the role of these lighting patterns in the perceptual process may employ them either to reveal, or to subdue, or to enhance the appearance of selected object attributes by creating appropriate spatial distributions of light, carefully explains calculational techniques and provides easy-to-use spreadsheets, so that layouts of lamps and luminaires are derived that can be relied upon to achieve the required illumination distributions. Practical lighting design involves devising three-dimensional light fields that create luminous hierarchies related to the visual significance of each element within a scene. By providing you with everything you need to develop a design concept - from the understanding of how lighting influences human perceptions of surroundings, through to engineering efficient and effective lighting solutions – Kit Cuttle instills in his readers a new-found confidence in lighting design.
Ways of seeing : the scope and limits of visual cognition
Aisthesis : essays on the philosophy of perception
One reason that these questions are important is that we are receiving a huge influx of new information from the sciences that challenges some traditional philosophical views abtout the senses. This information needs to be incorporated into our view of the senses and perception. Can we do this whilst retaining our pre-existing concepts of the senses and of perception or do we need to revise our concepts? If they need to be revised, then in what way should that be done? Research in diverse areas, such as the nature of human perception, varieties of non-human animal perception, the interaction between different sensory modalities, perceptual disorders, and possible treatments for them, calls into question the platitude that there are five senses, as well as the pre-supposition that we know what we are counting when we count them as five (or more). --
Senses of vibration : a history of the pleasure and pain of sound
Neurobiology of Interval Timing
A theory of sentience
Biology of sensory systems
Synaesthesia : the strangest thing
The relation between interoceptive accuracy, temperament and personality
Showing, sensing, and seeming : distinctively sensory representations and their contents
The Real Sherlock Holmes : the mysterious methods and curious history of a true mental specialist
Hallucinations : the science of idiosyncratic perception
The perception of odors in interaction
Making sense : sense perception in the British novel of the 1980s and 1990s
Literature's sensuous geographies : postcolonial matters of place
The senses in late medieval England
Beyond text? : critical practices and sensory anthropology
Bright colors falsely seen : synaesthesia and the search for transcendental knowledge
Ageing and changes in the chemical senses related to food perception : a literature review
Gnosis : an esoteric tradition of mystical visions and unions
Empire of the senses : the sensual culture reader
"Through analyses of various mediums, this volume explores how the horror genre affects the mind and body of the spectator. By examining how these diverse media generate medium-specific corporeal and sensory responses, it reveals how the sensorium interweaves sensory and intellectual encounters to produce powerful systems of perception"--
A case study of the effects of posthypnotic suggestion on visual information processing : measuring behaviour and event-related potentials
Sensory smarts : a book for kids with ADHD or autism spectrum disorders struggling with sensory integration problems
Remarks on cognition in Spinoza: understanding, sensation, and belief
Virginia Woolf : the patterns of ordinary experience
Mystical language of sensation in the later Middle Ages
Time and the warm body : a musical perspective on the construction of time
Optical illusions : the science of visual perception
Lectures on psychical research
The structure of self-consciousness : a fourteenth-century debate
Experience : culture, cognition, and the common sense
A Collection of Classic and Contemporary Articles on the Philosophy of the Senses --
Multisensory flavor perception : from fundamental neuroscience through to the marketplace
The senses considered as perceptual systems
Vision and brain : how the brain sees : new approaches to computer vision
Optical illusions and the visual arts
Ideal embodiment : Kant's theory of sensibility
Sensation : the new science of physical intelligence
When the lights dim in a movie theater and the projector begins to click and whir, the light and sounds of the motion picture become the gateway to a multisensory experience. Moving beyond the oft-discussed perceptual elements of vision and hearing, "The multisensory film experience" analyzes temperature, pain, and balance in order to argue that it is the "experience" of film that s inherently multisensory, not the medium. Luis Rocha Antunes here explores the work of well-loved filmmakers Erik Jensen, Gus Van Sant, and Ki-Duk Kim to offer new insights into how viewers experience films and understand their stories. This is an original contribution to an emerging field of research and will become essential reading for film scholars."
On the location of mental states
Human auditory cortex is activated by omissions of auditori stimuli
Science and music : the impact of music : Leopoldina Symposium, Halle (Saale), May 13 to 15, 2004
Culture and the senses : bodily ways of knowing in an African community
Pain : new essays on its nature and the methodology of its study
Auditory demonstrations
The nature of perception
"Fourteen newly commissioned essays trace the historical development of the distinction between primary and secondary qualities, which lies at the intersection of issues in metaphysics, epistemology, and philosophy of perception. 'Primary and Secondary Qualities' focuses on the age of the Scientific Revolution, the 'locus classicus' of the distinction, but begins with chapters on ancient Greek and Scholastic accounts of qualities in an effort to identify its origins. The remainder of the volume is devoted to philosophical reflections on qualities from the seventeenth century to the present day. Virtualliy every major figure is represented from Gassendi to Kant, and special attention is paid to Locke, Descartes, and Hume. The essays collected here cover a wide range of topics, including the foundation for the distinction, the question of whether it is lmetaphysical or merely epistemic, the status of secondary qualities, the nature of sensoriy representation, the relation between philosophy and science, the status of dispositions, and the semantics of sensible-quality terms"--Publisher's description, p. [4] of dust jacket.
Making sense of things : archaeologies of sensory perception
The voice was not a major philosophical topic until the 1960s, when Derrida and Lacan separately proposed it as a central theoretical concern. Here, Dolar goes beyond Derrida's idea of "phonocentrism" and revives and develops Lacan's claim that the voice is one of the paramount embodiments of the psychoanalytic object. He proposes that, apart from the uses of the voice as a vehicle of meaning and as a source of aesthetic admiration, there is a third level of understanding: the voice as an object that can be seen as the lever of thought. He investigates the object voice on a number of different levels - linguistics, metaphysics, ethics (the voice of conscience), the paradoxical relation between the voice and the body, the politics of the voice - and finally scrutinizes the uses of the voice in Freud and Kafka. With this foundational work, Dolar gives us a philosophically grounded theory of the voice as a Lacanian object-cause.
Perception
The neurological boundaries of reality
The antipodes of the mind : charting the phenomenology of the Ayahuasca experience
Abstract.
The smell of books : a cultural-historical study of olfactory perception in literature
Voices of reason, voices of insanity : studies of verbal hallucinations
The senses : classic and contemporary philosophical perspectives
Last writings on the philosophy of psychology = Letzte Schriften über die Philosophie der Psychologie.. Vol. 2
Reasons and experience
Representational ideas : from Plato to Patricia Churchland
The Proust effect : the senses as doorways to lost memories
F.E.A.R. files : complete stand-alone expansion pack series : Xbox 360
The senses can be powerful triggers for memories of our past, eliciting a range of both positive and negative emotions. The smell or taste of a long forgotten sweet can stimulate a rich emotional response connected to our childhood, or a piece of music transport us back to our adolescence. Sense memories can be linked to all the senses - sound, vision, and even touch can also trigger intense and emotional memories of our past. In The Proust Effect, we learn about why sense memories are special, how they work in the brain, how they can enrich our daily life, and even how they can help those suffering from problems involving memory. A sense memory can be evoked by a smell, a taste, a flavour, a touch, a sound, a melody, a colour or a picture, or by some other involuntary sensory stimulus. Any of these can triggers a vivid, emotional reliving of a forgotten event in the past. Exploring the senses in thought-provoking scientific experiments and artistic projects, this fascinating book offers new insights into memory - drawn from neuroscience, the arts, and professions such as education, elderly care, health care therapy and the culinary profession.
Sensations and the causal nexus
"The struggle with the shadow is the only real struggle" : becoming-animal, body without organs and the problem of sensation in shadow chamber by Roger Ballen
Primary and secondary qualities : the historical and ongoing debate
A voice and nothing more
Multisensory film experience : a cognitive model of experiential film aesthetics
Temporal relationships between warmth imagery and associated changes in skin blood flow, temperature, and temperature sensation
Stakeholder stimulation manual : case: ActiveInspire
Move and be moved : a practical approach to movement with meaning
In the zone : transcendent experience in sports
"The Senses in Self, Culture, and Society is the definitive guide to the sociological and anthropological study of the senses. Vannini, Waskul, and Gottschalk provide a comprehensive map of the social and cultural significance of the senses that is woven in a thorough analytical review of classical, recent, and emerging scholarship and grounded in original empirical data that deepens the review and analysis. By bridging cultural/qualitative sociology and cultural/humanistic anthropology The Senses in Self, Culture, and Sociology explicitly blurs boundaries which, in this field, are particularly weak due to the ethnographic scope of much research. Serving both the sociological and anthropological constituencies at once means bridging ethnographic traditions, cultural foci, and socio-ecological approaches to embodiment and sensuousness. The Senses in Self, Culture, and Society is intended to be a milestone in the social sciences' somatic turn"--
The life of the senses : introduction to a modal anthropology
PsyCog : explorations in perception and cognition
