http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10938 fertilisation of plants
fertilisation of plants
Effects of repeated fertilization on forest floor and mineral soil properties in young lodgepole pine and spruce forests in central British Columbia
An assessment of different fertilization regimes in three boreal coniferous stands
What will organic farming deliver? : COR 2006
Effects of nitrogen fertilization on the humus layer and ground vegetation under closed canopy in boreal coniferous stands
Effects of intensive fertilization on the foliar nutrition and growth of young lodgepole pine forests in the British Columbia Interior : 12-year results
Organic farming
Yield potential of chive : effects of cultivar, plastic mulch and fertilisation
The effect of cultivation and fertilizers on Filipendula vulgaris Moench, especially on its tuberous roots
The effect of increasing doses of meat and bone meal (MBM) on maize (Zea mays L.) grown for grain
The mathematics of turfgrass maintenance
Efficiency of split nitrogen fertilization with adjusted irrigation on potato
Impact of forest fertilization on the vitality and pest resistance of conifers
Science and technology of organic farming
Chemicals, humus and the soil
Environmental plant production and marketing
Peat ash as a fertilizer on drained mires : effects on the growth and nutritional status of Scots pine
Twenty years of selenium fertilization, September 8-9, 2005, Helsinki, Finland : proceedings
Impacts of the fertilizer subsidy programme in Malawi : targeting, household perceptions and preferences
The truth about organic gardening : benefits, drawbacks, and the bottom line
Testing the use of an analytical and mechanistic C3 - biomass accumulation model for precision fertilization
Secrets to a successfull greenhouse and business : complete guide to starting & operating a high-profit business that benefits the environment
Proceedings from the seminar : manure - an agronomic and environmental challenge. NJF-seminar 372, arranged by NJF sections, soil, water and environment; engineering. Nils Holgersson gymnasiet Skurup, Sweden September 5-6, 2005.
Effects of meat bone meal as fertilizer on yield and quality of sugar beet and carrot
Nitrogen fertilizer rates, N balances, and related risk of N leaching in Finnish agriculture
Superphosphate
Phosphorus status of diverse soils in Finland as influenced by long-term P fertilisation. 1, Native and previously applied P at 24 experimental sites
International symposium on diagnosis of nutritional status of deciduous fruit orchards, Warsaw, Poland, 25-28 August 1989
Success with Soft fruits
Timing incorporation of different green manure crops to minimize the risk of nitrogen leaching
Effects of repeated phosphorus fertilisation on field crops in Finland : 1, Yield responses on clay and loam soils in relation to soil test P values
Nitrogen fertilization and yield formation of potato during a short growing period
The effect of fertilization on the yield of wild forest berries
Contents of trichothecenes in oats during official variety, organic cultivation and nitrogen fertilization trials in Finland
Influence of fertilizers on the fruiting of forest mushrooms
The principles of fruit-growing : with applications to practice
Ball RedBook
International Symposium on Effect of Preharvest and Postharvest Factors on Storage of Fruit : Warsaw, Poland 3-7 August, 1997
Effects of supplementation of fertilizers on human selenium status in Finland
Soil fertility and fertilizers
Effects of traffic and fertilization levels on grass yields in northern Norway
Effects of climate change and simulated herbivory on growth responses and leaf characteristics of silver birch (Betula pendula) seedlings
Ammonia volatilization, nitrogen in soil, and growth of barley after application of peat manure and pig slurry
Forest regeneration on nutrient-poor peatlands: effects of fertilization, mounding and sowing
Forest fertilization and the fruiting body production of larger fungi
The resilience of understorey vegetation and soil to increasing nitrogen and disturbances in boreal forests and the subarctic ecosystem
Recycling of biomass ashes / Heribert Insam, Brigitte A. Knapp (editors)
The fertilization value of human excreta for cabbage and potato growth
Effects of frequency of fertilisation on production, foliar chemistry and nutrient leaching in young Norway spruce stands in Sweden
Proceedings of the Third International Workshop on Models for Plant Growth and Control of the Shoot and Root Environments in Greenhouses : Bet Dagan, Israel, 21-25 February, 1999
Some experiences from forest fertilization trials in Sweden
Nutrient content and fertilizer value of livestock manure with special reference to cow manure
Trace element concentrations in the grain of wheat cultivars as affected by nitrogen fertilization
Increasing fertilizer use in Africa : what have we learned?
Effects of wood ash fertilization on forest soil chemical properties
Ecological aspects of peatland soils and cutover bogs cultivation
Meat and bone meal as nitrogen and phosphorus supplier to cereals and oilseed rape
Regional P stocks in soil and in animal manure as compared to P requirement of plants in Finland : Baltic Forum for Innovative Technologies for Sustainable Manure Management : WP4 Standardisation of manure types with focus on phosphorus
Lihaluujauho kauran lannoitteena : teurastamoteollisuuden sivutuote lannoitteeksi = Meat and bone meal as fertilizer for oats : from slaughter house waste to fertilizer
Plant analysis and fertilizer problems
Efficient fertilizer use in summer rainfed areas
Effects of liming and fertilization on seed germination and plant growth of Cotoneaster
Commercial aspects of the mushroom yield in fertilized forests
Selenium and its effects on growth, yield and tuber quality in potato
Seaweed research in crop production 1958-1978
Requirement for magnesium fertilization in Finland
Plant nutrition of greenhouse crops
Combination of biological and physico-chemical factors in the development of manure nutrient recovery and recycling-oriented technology
Coffee, cocoa and tea
Peppers : botany, production and uses
Time and effect of forest fertilization
Growing media : for ornamental plants and turf
Turfgrass science and management
Effect of mulching and fertilization on the quality of strawberries
Norway spruce fine root dynamics and carbon input into soil in relation to environmental factors
Meat and bone meal (MBM) is a by-product of the meat industry and is an important pathway for recycling of N and P. MBM contains about 8% N, 5% P, 1% K and 10% Ca. Field trials compared the effects of MBM and mineral  fertilizer on yield and quality of sugar beet (2008-2009) and carrot (2010-2011) in Finland. MBM fertilisation of sugar beet grown on clay loam and sandy clay soil gave 11.4% (2008) and 19.6% (2009) lower yields than mineral fertilizers. The lower root yield in 2008 was compensated by higher extractable sugar content and lower amino-N, K and Na in root but no such compensation in root quality was detected for 2009. Mixing MBM with mineral NPK fertilizers had similar effects as MBM-alone. MBM (80 kg N ha-1 2010 and 60 kg N ha-1 2011) together with K fertilizer (Patentkali®, 180 kg K ha-1) were applied for carrot to a fine sandy till soil in 2010 and sandy loam in 2011. MBM alone gave 14% lower total and marketable root yield than mineral fertilization. The lower yield was compensated by improved quality, lower NO3- content in the carrot and good storability. Adding extra fertilizer during growth or separating fertilization applications had no effect on root yield or quality. MBM performed in these cases mainly as an organic N fertilizer. The N supply from MBM is not sufficient for achieving same yields as with mineral fertilizers. The relative N efficiency of total N of MBM was 83% that of mineral fertilizers. MBM should be targeted on soils with low P status.  We conclude that MBM is a reasonably competitive alternative to mineral fertilizers, and as a recycled fertilizer it is a good option for organic production.
Effect of repeated fertilizer application on the nutrient status and biomass production of salix 'Aquatica' plantations on cut-away peatland areas
Three winter wheat cultivars were grown under low-N and high-N fertilization rates over two growing seasons. In spite of smaller 1000-grain weight, the high-N fertilization produced higher grain yields as well as grain N and trace element concentrations in both growing seasons. Trace element increments with high-N rate averaged 14.0% for Fe, 9.2% for Zn, 19.7% for Mn, 13.2% for Cu, 15.1% for Ni, and 23.0% for Cd. Only Na concentration was unaffected by N fertilization, whereas Pb and Cr were below detection limits. Absolutely small, but significant differences existed among tested cultivars for all trace elements and these cultivar effects were uniform on both N fertilization rates. However, cultivars differed in their rankings for trace element concentrations across two growing seasons and these specific responses appeared to be closely related to grain N.
Organic cereal and pulse production : a complete guide
Acknowledging that plant nutrition in greenhouse cultivation differs in many essentials from field production, this book details specific information about testing methods for soils and substrates in a greenhouse environment.
Decision support system for agricultural land use and fertilisation optimisation : a case study on barley production in Estonia
Nutrient status and development of tree stands and vegetation on ash-fertilized drained peatlands in Finland
Studies on the uptake of fertilizer nitrogen by Scots pine using [sup 15]N labelled urea influence of peat thickness and application time
Toward ecologically sound fertilization strategies for field vegetable production : a proceedings of the XXVI International Horticultural Congress, Toronto, Canada, 11-17 August, 2002
Recycling of wood and bark ash : a state-of-the-art review for programme group C under the IEA forest energy agreement
A two-factor field experiment was carried out at the Lithuanian Institute of Agriculture during the period 2005-2008. The influence of different tillage and fertilization practices on wheat grain fungal contamination was evaluated. Grain surface contamination and internal grain infection with fungi were quantified using agar tests. Purified colonies were identified using different manuals. A total of 16 fungal genera were identified in spring and winter wheat grains. Alternaria infected 46.3% - 99.9%, Cladosporium 26.9% - 77.8%, Fusarium 0.9% - 37.1%, Penicillium 1.3% - 2.5% of grains tested. Winter wheat grain surface contamination by fungi ranged from 7.2 × 103 to 24.8 × 103 of colony forming units per g of grain (cfu g-1), spring wheat from 14.8 × 103 to 80.3 × 103 cfu g-1. No-tillage increased winter wheat grain infection by Alternaria, Aspergillus and Cladosporium species and total count of cfu g-1 on spring wheat grain surface. High fertilizer rates resulted in an increase in spring wheat grain infection by Fusarium and Penicillium species and total count of cfu g-1 on both spring and winter wheat grain surface.
Fertilizer use by crop
Roses : a manual on the culture, management, diseases and insects of greenhouse roses
Proceedings of Ist International Symposium on Sustainable Vegetable Production in Southeast Asia : Salatiga, Indonesia, March 14-17, 2011
First International Symposium on Cucurbits : Adana, Turkey 20-23 May, 1997
Effects of band placement and nitrogen rate on dry matter accumulation, yield and nitrogen uptake of cabbage, carrot and onion
The aim of this study was to determine the effect of meat and bone meal (MBM) used as an organic fertilizer on maize grown for grain. A two-factorial field experiment in a randomized block design was carried out in 2010 and 2011, in north-eastern Poland. Experimental factor I was MBM dose (1.0, 1.5, 2.0 and 2.5 t ha-1 year-1), and experimental factor II was the year of the study (two consecutive years). Increasing MBM doses contributed to an increase in maize grain yield and 1000-grain weight. The yield-forming effect of MBM applied at 1.5 t ha-1 year-1 was comparable with that of nitrogen and phosphorus contained in mineral fertilizers. A dose of 2.5 t ha-1 MBM led to a significant increase in maize grain yield. The P and K content of maize grain was determined by MBM dose, whereas the concentrations of N, Mg and Ca in grain were not affected by MBM dose. Significantly higher N, P, K and Mg uptake by maize plants was observed in treatments with the highest MBM dose, compared with the control tratment. Nitrogen and phosphorus uptake per 1 t MBM reached 101 kg and 26 kg, respectively. The results of a two-year study show that the maximum MBM dose (2.5 t ha-1 year-1) met the fertilizer requirements of maize with respect to nitrogen and phosphorus.
We conducted a pot experiment to study the fertilization effects of four N- and P-rich organic waste resources alone and in combination with K-rich bottom wood ash at two application rates (150 kg N ha-1 + 120 kg K ha-1, 300 kg N ha-1 + 240 kg K ha-1). Plant-available N was the growth-limiting factor. 48-73% of N applied with meat and bone meal (MBM) and composted fish sludge (CFS) was taken up in aboveground biomass, resulting in mineral fertilizer equivalents (MFE%) of 53-81% for N uptake and 61-104% for yield. MFE% of MBM and CFS decreased for increasing application rates. Two industrial composts had weak N fertilization effects and are to be considered soil conditioners rather than fertilizers. Possible P and K fertilization effects of waste resources were masked by the soil's ability to supply plant-available P and K, but effects on plant-available P and K contents in soil suggest that the waste resources may have positive effects under more nutrient-deficient conditions.
Selenium content of Finnish oats in 1997-1999 : effect of cultivars and cultivation techniques
The development of the yield and nutritive value of timothy (Phleum pratense L.) both in the primary growth and in the regrowth were studied at MTT Plant Production Research, a unit of MTT Agrifood Research Finland, in Rovaniemi (66°35'N) in 1999-2001. The dry matter yield and leaf:stem ratio were measured from the crop samples, and the contents of crude protein and organic matter digestibility of both whole plant samples and leaf and stem fractions were analysed. In primary growth, the most rapid increase of dry matter, 220-240 kg/ha per day, was measured around the beginning of the heading stage. There was a very strong positive correlation between the proportion of stems and the amount of dry matter in the primary yield. The daily growth rate of the regrowth was less than half of that of the primary growth. The fastest decrease, 1 percentage unit per day, in crude protein content was measured at the pasture stage (4-5 -leaf stage). During the entire sampling period, the average daily decline in crude protein content in the primary growth of timothy was 0.65 percentage units. The main cause for the rapid decline in crude protein content was the high proportion of stem matter and its low protein content. In the regrowth, during the last four weeks before the harvest, the average daily decline in crude protein content was 0.28 percentage units.The average decline in organic matter digestibility from early pasture stage to late silage stage was 0.9 percentage units per day. The most remarkable change was noticed at the growth stage of timothy when about the half of stems were heading and it was then that the digestibility decreased by more than one percentage unit per day. The rapid decline in organic matter digestibility was due to the low digestibility of stem matter. The daily change in forage digestibility in the regrowth was very small, on average 0.11%.
Recycling of wood- and peat-ash – a successful way to establish full plant cover and dense birch stand on a cut-away peatland
Phosphorus allocation in surface soil of two drained peatland forests following wood and peat ash application : why effective adsorption on low sorptive soils?
Effect of fertilizer treatment on the biomass production and nutrient uptake of short-rotation willow on cut-away peatlands
Greenhouse operation and management
Forest fertilization in Finland
Development of yield and nutritive value of timothy in primary growth and regrowth in northern growing conditions
Phosphorus reserves and apparent phosphorus saturation in four weakly developed cultivated pedons
Bush fruits
Effects of intensive fertilization on the foliar nutrition and growth of young lodgepole pine and spruce forests in the interior of British Columbia (E.P. 886.13) : establishment and progress report
Mr Spotty's potty
Long-term effects of N fertilizer on crops and soils
Effects of soil preparation on the bacterial population in forest soil
Estimation of the effect of forest fertilization = Metsän lannoituksen vaikutuksen arvioiminen
Fertilization guide for nursery crops : adjusting fertilization to meet the cropś requirements
We studied biomass production of two naturally originated grey alder (Alnus incana (L.) Moench) stands having a mixture of birch and willow located in central Finland. One of the stands was growing on a peatland site (Muhos) and the other on a mineral soil site (Juuka). The stands were clear-cut and fertilization experiments were laid out with several treatments. At Muhos, the treatments included nitrogen fertilisation with different amounts of wood ash and an unfertilized control. At Juuka, the treatments included nitrogen fertilisation either with ash or with PK, and ash and PK treatments alone and an unfertilized control. The sprouts at Muhos were grown for 17 years and at Juuka for 20 years. At Juuka the stand was clear-cut second time at the age of 20 years and grown for 8 years. The stands were measured several times and foliar samples were taken twice during the study period. Clear-cutting increased stem number manifold. The stand density of new coppiced forests after the clear-cutting decreased from 67000-89000 stems ha-1 at the age of 3-6 years to 10000-12000 stems ha-1 at the age of 17-20 years. On neither site fertilization affected biomass production of alders during the study period. Leafless above-ground biomass was 52-57 Mg ha-1 after 17-20 years. Mean annual leafless above-ground biomass production (MAI) increased with increase of rotation time. At the age of 17-20 years the MAI was 2.8-3.0 Mg ha a-1. At Muhos, ash increased foliar P and Ca concentrations, but decreased those of Mn.
Fertilization trials on forest soil
Recycling of wood- and peat-ash : a successful way to establish full plant cover and dense birch stand on a cut-away peatland
The effect of different tillage-fertilization practices on the mycoflora of wheat grains
Fundamentals of tropical turf management
Grain quality and N uptake of spring cereals as affected by nitrogen fertilization in northern conditions : a meta-analysis
Slow-release fertilizer to increase grain N content in spring wheat
Nutrient solutions and water quality for soilless cultures
Effect of N- and P-fertilization on Yield and Harvest Time in Bulb Onions (Allium cepa L.) : Tampa, Florida, USA: October 28 - November 1, 1985
Yield, SDG lignan, cadmium, lead, oil and protein contents of linseed (Linum usitatissimum L.) cultivated in trials and at different farm conditions in the south-western part of Finland
Nutrient relations in short rotation forestry : a compilation of papers presented at workshops: Uppsala 1987 and Seattle 1988
Utilisation aspects of ashes and green liquor dregs from an integrated semichemical pulp and board mill
Boron fertilisation of organically managed grass-clover swards on coarse-textured soils: effects on botanical and element composition
Fate of phosphorus in soil during a long term fertilization experiment in southern Finland
Picture perfect : mowing techniques for lawns, landscapes and sports
Effect of nitrogen fertilization on photosynthesis and growth in young Scots pines : preliminary results
Growing plantation forests
Meat and bone meal as nitrogen fertilizer to cereals in Norway
A single and uniform fertilizer application may lead to ineffective crop nutrient uptake and use. In order to enhance nutrient use efficiency the application should be adjusted according to the need of the cultivated crop. This task is challenging because weather is unknown and unpredictable over the upcoming growing season. One solution is site-specific fertilizer application in several separate events throughout the season. Such a precision fertilization method requires information on the current crop state (e.g. the availability of water and nutrients in the soil) and a crop growth model that aims to assess current crop growth and near future needs. A field experiment with varying radiation, precipitation and nutrient conditions was established to test our crop growth model performance. Spring wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) was grown using three fertilization rates with three precipitation and two radiation treatments within each fertilization treatment. The observed crop biomass accumulation in the highest fertilization treatment was considered as the highest possible in the prevailing conditions. The simulated (maximal) biomass accumulation was in agreement with the highest observed biomass yield. The results were found promising for further use of the model in crop growth evaluation during the growing season.
This study analyzes the economic feasibility of gypsum amendment as a means to reduce particulate and dissolved phosphorus loads from arable areas. To this end, an optimization model is developed that includes gypsum amendment as well as matching phosphorus fertilization to crop need and the level of soil phosphorus reserves as phosphorus load mitigation measures, with soil phosphorus reserves measured by soil test phosphorus (STP). The optimal extent of gypsum amendment is then determined simultaneously with optimal fertilization use as a function of field STP level. The results indicate that whether or not gypsum amendment is economically feasible depends on field erosion susceptibility and STP level. When accounting for the costs and benefits to the society on the whole, gypsum treatment suits best to mitigation of phosphorus losses from soils with excessively high phosphorus reserves; once a threshold STP level is reached, gypsum amendment is optimally given up. This threshold level depends on field slope and on society's willingness to pay for water quality.
Silvicultural decisions based on simulation-optimization systems
Effects of nitrogen fertilization on forest trees in relation to insect resistance and to red-listed insect species
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Vegetable Production, Quality and Process Standardization in Chain : a Worldwide Perspective, Beijing, China, October 14-17, 2008
Low grain protein often restricts the use of grain lots for milling in Finland. Nitrogen availability during grain-filling may restrict grain protein accumulation, particularly in high yielding environments. Slow-release fertilizers could potentially sustain nitrogen availability during the grain-filling period. The aim of this study was to increase plant nitrogen uptake, grain yield and grain protein response of spring wheat cultivar "Amaretto", using combinations of a regular and slow-release compound NPK fertilizer. Fertilizer treatment effects on grain yield was modest, however, slow-release fertilizer treatments lowered grain protein content as well as grain, straw and total plant N compared with control treatment. The total plant N was 10 to 27 kg ha-1 lower following application of slow-release fertilizer. The results clearly indicate that the release of N by the slow-release fertilizer tested in this trial was too slow for cool Finnish growing conditions.
Water, media and nutrition for greenhouse crops
The main objective of the study was to compare nutrient balances of phosphorus (P), potassium (K), magnesium (Mg) and calcium (Ca) on fertilized grass pasture (high input) and unfertilized grass-clover pasture (low input) both grazed by dairy cattle. The second aim was to quantify P loss in surface runoff from the fertilized grass pasture. The study was conducted on a lysimeter field that included two surface runoff collector ditches. The whole area was rotationally stocked five times per year and the amount of milk was recorded. Nutrient balances were negative on both grass and grass-clover pastures except the P balance for grass pasture, which was 18 kg ha-1 positive. The amount of total P in the surface runoff from fertilized grass pasture was 1.2-0.9 kg ha-1 y-1. It seems that in short-term ley farming, grass-clover swards can retain nutrients in the soil better than pure grass swards.
Arboriculture : care of trees, shrubs and vines in the landscape
Turfgrass : science and culture
Harvesting strategy and N fertilization influence 134Cs uptake by forage plants
Agriculture, fertilizers and the environment
Marginal abatement costs for reducing leaching of nitrates in Croatian agriculture
Summary.
Proceedings of the International Workshop on Ecological Aspects of Vegetable Fertilisation in Integrated Crop Production in the Field : Wellesbourne, Warwick, United Kingdom, 27-31 July, 1998
Fertiliser recommendations for agricultural and horticultural crops
Proceedings of the XXV International Horticultural Congress : Brussels, Belgium 2-7 August, 1998. Part 1, Culture techniques with special emphasis on environmental implications nutrient management
Effects of forest fertilization on the nitrogen content of Vaccinium myrtillus L.
Fundamentals of turfgrass and agricultural chemistry
Mineral nutrition of deciduous fruit plants : proceedings of the Second International Symposium on Diagnosis of Nutritional Status of Deciduous Fruit Orchards : San Michele all'Adige (Trento), Italy 13-17 September 1993
The flows and balances of P, K, Ca and Mg on intensively managed Boreal high input grass and low input grass-clover pastures
The residual effects of phosphorus fertilizers as measured by an isotopic method and by chemical soil tests
Sports turf & amenity grassland management : endorsed by the Institute of Groundsmanship
Phosphorus status of diverse soils in Finland as influenced by long-term P fertilisation. 2, Changes of soil test values in relation to P balance with references to incorporation depth of residual and freshy applied P
Fertilizers and fertilization : introduction and practical guide to crop fertilization
Optimisation of nutrient cycling and soil quality for sustainable grasslands : proceedings of a satellite workshop on the XXth International Grassland Congress, July 2005, Oxford, England
Yield and quality of winter oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) seeds in response to foliar application of boron
Sulphur fertilization of lodgepole pine : a stable isotope tracer study (E.P. 886.15) establishment report
Fundamentals of turfgrass management
Effects of forest fertilization on the ground vegetation of coniferous forests on mineral soil sites in Northern Finland
Early effects of peat ash on growth and mineral nutrition of the silver birch (Betula pendula) on a mined peatland
Knott's handbook for vegetable growers
Effect of fertilization on flowering and seed crop in Scots pine seed orchards
Arboriculture : integrated management of landscape trees, shrubs, and vines
Fertilizers for greenhouse and garden crops
Respiration in a forest soil 27 years after fertilization with different doses of urea
This study compares the responses of two Swedish 5-year predictive stand-level functions with the observed responses in 721 fertilization experiment plots in Norway fertilized with nitrogen (N). All plots are single-species consisting of Norway spruce (Picea abies (L.) H. Karst.) or Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) fertilized with ammonium nitrate (AN) or urea. The correlations between the observed and the two predicted responses were 0.34-0.40 for all plots taken together. One response function performed well on average, but underestimated the response in pine plots and overestimated the response in spruce plots. The second function overpredicted the response on the full dataset, in spruce plots and old forest, but performed well in pine plots. Both functions overestimated the growth response in high-productive plots. Higher N deposition in Norway than in Sweden may count for parts of the deviations. Testing of fertilization functions on new datasets is rare, but important part of the evaluation of functions. As the functions are not well fit for predicting the growth response in spruce and high-productive plots in our sample, new functions that include N deposition are welcome..
Soil chemistry as indicator in forest ecology = Bodenchemie als Indikator in der Forstökologie
The nature and properties of soils
Second international symposium on models for plant growth, environmental control and farm management in protected cultivation, Wageningen, the Netherlands, 25-28 August, 1997
Nitrogen use in grassland in spring in the Netherlands and elsewhere in Europe: temperature sum, stage of growth, rate and source of nitrogen
Biomass production of coppiced grey alder and the effect of fertilization
Symposium on the fertilization of vegetables under protected cultivation, Naaldwijk, Netherlands 6-10 April 1987
Western fertilizer handbook : horticulture edition
Spring barley yield and nitrogen recovery after application of peat manure and pig slurry
Lockhart & Wiseman's crop husbandry including grassland
Long-term field experiments in organic farming
Physical and chemical characteristics of some bark composts with emphasis on N-requirement when growing lettuce
Fertilisers for turf
The performance of two Swedish N fertilization functions evaluated on data from Norwegian fertilization experiments
Cadmium content of Finnish linseed and estimated consumer intake
Yield formation and quality characteristics of early potatoes during a short growing period
Fertilizer value of urine in pumpkin (Cucurbita maxima L.) cultivation
Linseed varieties were studied in variety trials and under farm conditions in south-western Finland in the years 2007-2010. The variation in yield, oil, protein, SDG lignan, cadmium and lead contents were studied in 8 oil and 2 fibre linseed varieties. Genotypic, environmental and genotype x environment interaction variance estimates were calculated. Fibre varieties "Belinka" and "Martta" had higher protein and lower oil contents than oil linseed varieties.The SDG lignan contents of linseed varieties varied between 3635-9560 mg kg-1. Rather high genotypic variance was found in yield, oil, protein and SDG lignan contents. Variety "Laser" had lower SDG lignan content. "Abacus", "Helmi" and "Martta" had the highest SDG lignan contents. Variation in cadmium and lead contents were caused by environmental effects. The highest cadmium contents, 0.821.69 mg kg-1, were found in soils fertilized by wastewater sludge about 20 years ago and at fields with low bottom soil pH (4.1-4.5).
Essays on socially optimal phosphorus policies in crop production
Supplementation of selenium using commercial fertilizers : effects on food Se and Se intake
Selenium fertilization : plant uptake and residuals in soil
Yield of white currants as related to applied fertilizers, soil analyses and leaf analyses
Phosphorus in Finnish soils in the 1900s with particular reference to the acid ammonium acetate soil test
Agricultural engineering : proceedings of the 11th International congress on agricultural engineering, Dublin, 4-8 September 1989. Vol. 3, Agricultural mechanisation
Twenty years of selenium fertilization : September 8-9, 2005, Helsinki, Finland : proceedings
β-Glucan contents of groats of different oat cultivars in official variety, in organic cultivation, and in nitrogen fertilization trials in Finland
Treatment of liquid manure and the effect of treated manure on agricultural crops
The uptake by and subsequent translocation of selenium (Se) within the plant is dependent on its chemical from and soil properties that dictate this trace element's bioavailability. Plant species differ in their tendency to accumulate Se. Se taken-up by plants is returned to soil in plant residues, but the bioavailability of organic Se in those residues is poorly known. We investigated the impact of inorganic (Na2SeO4), organic (Se-enriched stem and leaf residues) Se applications and also soil microbial respiration on the growth and Se concentrations of various plant organs of oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) during its development from the rosette to the seed filling stage. Both inorganic and organic Se slightly improved plant growth and enhanced plant development. Inorganic Se was more bioavailable than the organic forms and resulted in 3-fold to 6-fold higher Se concentrations in the siliques. Inorganic Se in autoclaved soil tended to elevate the Se concentration in all plant parts and at all growth stages. The organic Se raised Se concentrations in plants much less effectively than the inorganic selenate. Therefore, the use of inorganic Se is still recommended for biofortification.
Dynamics of dry matter and selenium accumulation in oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) in response to organic and inorganic selenium treatments
This paper presents the results of a 3-year field experiment conducted on soil with moderate levels of boron (B) in north-eastern Poland to determine the influence of foliar application of B (0, 150 and 300 g ha-1) on the yield components, yield, mineral composition, nutritional value and feed value of winter oilseed rape seeds. Foliar application of B at the beginning of bud formation in winter oilseed rape increased seed yield by 0.19 (3%) at the lower B fertilization level to 0.26 Mg ha-1 (4%) at the higher B fertilization level. The observed increase in the yield of winter oilseed rape seeds in response to foliar application of B can be attributed to this micronutrient's positive influence on seed production in siliques. Foliar fertilization with B increased B content and decreased Zn and Fe levels in the seeds of winter oilseed rape. When B fertilizer was applied at the rate of 150-300 g ha-1, the N and Ca content of the evaluated seeds increased. The fertilizer improved the nutritional value (crude fat content, fatty acid concentrations) of seeds, but deteriorated their feed value (total protein content, acid detergent fiber concentrations, neutral detergent fiber concentrations, quantitative and qualitative composition of glucosinolates)..
Sustainable nutrient management in agriculture : a simulation programme for calculating field level plant nutrition recommendations
Turfgrass soil fertility and chemical problems : assessment and management
Fertilization and thinning effects on Douglas-fir ecosystem at Shawnigan Lake : 32-year growth response
Fertilization effects of organic waste resources and bottom wood ash: results from a pot experiment
Too poor to be efficient? : impacts of the targeted fertilizer subsidy programme in Malawi on farm plot level input use, crop choice and land productivity
Meat bone meal as fertiliser for barley and oat
Applied turfgrass science and physiology
Lawn care : a handbook for professionals
Sustainable handling and utilisation of livestock manure from animals to plants : proceedings, NJF-Seminar no. 320, Denmark, 16-19 January 2001
Effects of repeated phosphorus fertilisation on field crops in Finland : 2, Sufficient phosphorus application rates on silty and sandy soils
Three trials were performed on two organic farms with dairy and suckler cows and using home-produced forage and feed crops, predominantly grass-clover ley, in order to determine whether boron (B) is a limiting factor for legumes on coarse-textured soils in an area predisposed to low B soil concentrations. The effects of B fertilisation (applied as sprayed liquid) on biomass yield, botanical composition and plant macro- and micronutrient concentrations relative to soil concentrations and livestock requirements were investigated. Boron fertilisation (i) did not affect any yield, (ii) increased the white clover percentage significantly in forage on one farm and (iii) increased B concentrations in plants and soil on both farms, and (iv) did not affect concentrations of other nutrients in forage on either farm. Thus, B was not an obvious limiting factor on these farms. Effects of management practices on interactions and   ratios between B, calcium (Ca), potassium (K), magnesium (Mg) and sodium (Na) and their implications are discussed.
Effects of forest management on sustainability of integrated timber and energy wood production : scenario analysis based on ecosystem model simulations
Environmental consequences of recycling wood-ash to forests : extended abstracts from the SNS Workshop at Grimsö, Sweden, 22-25 May 2000
We reviewed quantitatively 40 Finnish field experiments related to the effect of nitrogen (N) fertilizer on the main parameters of grain quality and N uptake of spring cereals. The experiments were conducted on a wide range of mineral soils under varying growth conditions from the 1950s to the 1990s. Overall there was no statistically significant effect on 1000 grain weight and a slightly negative effect on grain test weight. Nitrogen fertilizer increased N uptake much more steeply in slightly acidic soils (SA, pH 5.8-6.9), located mostly in South Finland, than in moderately acidic soils (MA, pH 5.0-5.7), located in Central Finland. With increasing N rates, protein content increased to a larger extent in spring barley and oats than in spring wheat. In the light of the current trend to reduce N fertilizerapplication, the obtained regressions between N rates and the parameters of grain quality may be used to maintain yield quality at a desirable level, while optimizing N management.
The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of meat and bone meal (MBM) on cultivation of winter triticale, winter oilseed rape, winter wheat and maize. The average annual yields and protein yield achieved in crop rotation were studied. The field trials were carried out in north-eastern Poland in 2006-2010. The factor was dose of MBM: 1.0, 1.5, 2.0 and 2.5 t ha-1 year-1 or 2.0, 3.0, 4.0 and 5.0 t ha-1 every other year. The four-year experiment has proven that MBM is a valuable nitrogen and phosphorus fertilizer in cultivation of cereals and oilseed rape. By amendment of the tested meal into the soil it produced crop yield and protein yield similar to that achieved by mineral fertilization. However, the crude fat yield of rape was significantly higher under the influence of all the MBM doses. The yield-stimulating effect of MBM did not depend on the frequency of its application; therefore it is more convenient to apply it once every two years. Increasing MBM from 1.5 to 2.5 t ha-1 did not significantly increase any of the four crop yields, therefore for soils that had satisfactory nutrients content, 1 or 1.5 t ha-1 MBM is enough and increasing MBM will only increase economic burden for farmers and environmental risks.
The traditional production of mineral N and P fertilisers is unsustainable due its reliance on fossil fuels in the case of N, and on limited mineral resource stocks in the case of P. The use of alternative or complementary fertilisers that originate from organic waste materials is gaining interest. Organic farms, especially arable organic farms without livestock, need usable sources of plant nutrients. Meat bone meal (MBM), a potential organic fertiliser for agricultural crops, contains considerable amounts of nutrients (on average 8% N, 5% P, 1% K and 10% Ca). In EU countries, Commission regulation (EC) No 181/2006 authorised the use of MBM as an organic fertiliser. In this study, MBM was compared to conventional mineral NPK fertiliser. Two randomised complete block split-plot field experiments were conducted: one with spring barley (Hordeum vulgare) in two years; and another with oat (Avena sativa) for three years, including a fourth year of testing for residual effect. Compared to mineral fertiliser (20% N, 3% P and 9% K), MBM was applied at three N levels: 60, 90 and 120 kg N ha-1. The grain yield of both cereal species supported by MBM, did not differ from the yield obtained with the mineral fertiliser at any N level. At 120 kg N ha-1, the grain yield level with either type was ca. 4500 kg ha-1 of barley and 5000 kg ha-1 of oat, representing fair averages for Finnish conditions. Moreover, MBM and mineral fertilisation showed no differences in quality in terms of 1000-grain weight, test-weight, protein content and protein yield. Since MBM has a low N/P ratio, P was applied in surplus to attain comparable N levels. Therefore MBM fertilisation should be fitted for crop rotation and for meeting environmental requirements.
Gypsum amendment as a means to reduce agricultural phosphorus loading : an economic appraisal
