http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10997 local communities
local communities
Finns in the United States : a history of settlement, dissent, and integration
Late-arriving immigrants during the Great Migration, Finns were, comparatively speaking, a relatively small immigrant group, with about 350,000 immigrants arriving prior to World War II. Nevertheless, because of their geographic concentration in the Upper Midwest in particular, their impact was pronounced. They differed from many other new immigrant groups in a number of ways, including the fact that theirs is not an Indo-European language, and many old-country cultural and social features reflect their geographic location in Europe, at the juncture of East and West. A fresh and up-to-date analysis of Finnish Americans, this insightful volume lays the groundwork for exploring this unique culture through a historical context, followed by an overview of the overall composition and settlement patterns of these newcomers. The authors investigate the vivid ethnic organisations Finns created, as well as the cultural life they sought to preserve and enhance while fitting into their new homeland. Also explored are the complex dimensions of Finnish-American political and religious life, as well as the exodus of many radical leftists to Soviet Karelia in the 1930s. Through the lens of multiculturalism, transnationalism, and whiteness studies, the authors of this volume present a rich portrait of this distinctive group.
Sustainable forests : earthscan reference collections. Volume 3, Forests,people and livelihoods
Law, tropical forests and carbon : the case of REDD+
Community development : local and global challenges
Belonging : identity and social organisation in British rural cultures
Parabiology as a rapid tropical biodiversity assessment method : social, economic and biological approach
The taxidermist's daughter
Community forestry : local values, conflict and forest governance
Sociocultural sustainability of rural community-based tourism : case study of local participation in fair trade coffee trail, Nicaragua
Back to the roots : a new social policy agenda for the welfare of the elderly in rural Tanzania :  the case of Bukoba district
Searching for local knowledge : an analysis of the VITEK-project in Chuao, Venezuela
People and animals : traditional livestock keepers : guardians of domestic animal diversity
Role of community forestry in rural livelihood and poverty alleviation in Ohangwena and Caprivi Regions in Namibia
Persistence and transformation in the Eastern Hindu Kush : a study of resource management systems in Mehlp Valley, Chitral, North Pakistan
Not one drop : betrayal and courage in the wake of the Exxon Valdez oil spill
An integrated methodological framework : engaging local communities in Arctic tourism development and community-based adaptation
Markets and market liberalization : ethnographic reflections
The small local Italian community : tradition and innovation
Independence and involvement : an actor-perspective on building intercultural local societies in a globalised, postmodern world
Conserving and valuing ecosystem services and biodiversity : economic, institutional, and social challenges
Surf tourism and its social impacts : case Krui village, Indonesia
Introduction: Researching local life in a Bourdieusian frame
A how-to manual for designing and collecting data for a map project based on a land use-and-occupancy method called the map biography.
Community development : The dynamics of planned change
In search of a safe place : abused women and culturally sensitive services
Community political systems
Community studies : an introduction to the sociology of the local community
Patrons and partisans : a study of politics in two Southern Italian comuni
Adaptability, transformation and complex changes in Namibia and Tanzania : resilience and innovation system development in local communities
"Ulan Bator - Doncaster, what's the difference!" : meaning creation and the internet in an island community
The many
Migration and the remaking of ethnic/micro-regional connectedness
Village India
Waiting to happen : HIV/AIDS in South Africa : the bigger picture
Local agency, involvement and initiative in biodiversity conservation in Ranomafana National Park, Madagascar
Urban tourism in Istanbul : urban regeneration, mega-events and city marketing and branding
Yupik transitions : change and survival at Bering Strait, 1900-1960
Community and ministry : an introduction to community development in a Christian context
Sustainable tourism development in Croatian rural areas : tourist experiences, economic and social benefits
Agro-industrial investments in Cameroon : large-sacale land acquisitions since 2005
Social capital and rural development in the knowledge society
Lessons from forest decentralization : money, justice and the quest for good governance in Asia-Pacific
The Indian village community examined with reference to the physical, ethnographic, and historical conditions of the provinces; chiefly on the basis of the revenue-settlement records and district manuals
The massive growth of the tourism industry during the last 50 years has led the tourists to seek new, unspoilt destinations - often from the developing countries. In the rush to compete about the economic gain opportunities this creates, the well-being of the local population is commonly overlooked. The benefits and costs of tourism are not equally spread. The recent development of alternative tourism has made it possible for the local communities to be also at the receiving end of the tourism profit chain. One example of community-based tourism is Homestay tourism. This kind of tourism has its own characteristics what comes to management and sustainability. This thesis is a case study of the Homestay project of a village in Sabah, Malaysia, called Kiau Nulu. The aim is to define sustainability in small-scale, community-based tourism operations in a rural village setting. In order to do this it was essential to consider the role of tourism in the village, find out who should determine sustainability and for whom it should be developed. The purpose was to provide the villagers with a tool to help them plan their tourism operations. The author used an ethnographic research model, including non-participatory observation, informal interviews and desk research as data collection methods. The data collection was conducted in Kiau village and two other native villages in Sabah during the months from June to August 2003. Villagers and local tourism professionals related to Homestay tourism were discussed with and observed to determine the local point of view to the subject. The results of the research showed, that community tourism operations differ fundamentally from the mainstream tourism in pursue of sustainability, as their product is their own culture and life. Their product cannot be altered, so they have to choose their tourists and concentrate on their own needs and benefit. Also the basic information about the concepts of sustainability and tourisms negative impacts is imperative, before Kiau community can learn to manage tourism sustainably. Tourism must have an objective the villagers set for it. Thus planning and democratic decision making are vital. Becoming dependent on tourism has to be avoided. Sustainability in Kiau has to be determined by the villagers themselves. The scientific 'western' perception of sustainability combined with the locals wants and values can provide an exellent sustainability definition suitable for Kiau's needs and culture. Kiau village has good chances to achieve sustainable development as they still are community-oriented and the values of their ancestors are forming a valuable heritage to rely on. This thesis provides the authors view on sustainability in Kiau, and can therefore present only recommendations based on research.
Integrating place-specific social values into forest planning : case of UPM-Kymmene forests in Hyrynsalmi, Finland
Archaeology impacts the lives of indigenous, local, or descendant communities. Yet often these groups have little input to archaeological research, and its results remain inaccessible. As archaeologists consider the consequences and benefits of research, the skills, methodologies, and practices required of them will differ dramatically from those of past decades. As an archaeologist and a Native American, Sonya Atalay has investigated the rewards and complex challenges of conducting research in partnership with indigenous and local communities.
In the shadow of melting glaciers : climate change and Andean society
Community-based tourism in Nicaragua : a socio-cultural perspective
Sustainable tourism in Southern Africa : local communities and natural resources in transition
Grassroots election in China
What is community? How important is community in the 21st century? Where might the idea of community "fit" in education and schooling, teaching and learning? These are the questions and themes embedded in this book. The general critique is that community is an add-on in our schools and often is dismissed as a result of the individualistic and competitive nature of schooling today. Our focus is to provide critical investigations as to the possibility of community - and that we need community now more than ever! The concept of community education brings many ideas and issues to mind. Related themes include place-based, field-based, environmental, service learning, and outdoor education. Each has its own more narrow focus with community education perhaps an umbrella term than encompasses them all. Nevertheless, the suggestion here is that instead of community education serving as an extension or add-on to traditional approaches, it should be the focus of all education. What is often missing in teaching and learning are contexts and connections than make education meaningful. Community education engages participants in problem and issues-based approaches to the local community, thereby facilitating that local to global link. Instead of compartmentalized subjects, integrated approaches use what students and the community know or understand to develop further questions, solutions, or even problems. Community education offers efficacy in that it provides opportunities for collaboration in addressing local issues and problems. It enables the community to become the classroom, thus ensuring a more long-term connection to active rather than passive endeavors as citizens.
Islam, communities and the nation : Muslim identities in South Asia and beyond
Regional analysis. Vol. 1, Economic systems
Navigating between ideas of democracy and gendered local practices in Vietnam : a Bakhtinian reading of development aid practice
Forests and development : local, national, and global issues
Neoliberal governance, sustainable development and local communities in the Barents Region
The impact of village development funds on community welfare in the Lao People's Democratic Republic
The lie tree
Palestinian village histories : geographies of the displaced
"The Art of Making Do in Naples offers a riveting ethnography of the lives of men seeking personal sovereignty in a shadow economy dominated by violent organized crime networks. Jason Pine's trenchant observations and his own improvised attempts at "making do" provide a fascinating look into the lives of people in the gray zones where organized crime blends into ordinary life"--
China's urban villagers : changing life in a Beijing suburb
Global mobilities and tourism development : a community perspective
Tourists and tourism : a reader
The race biology of the Swedish Lapps. Part 1, General survey. Prehistory. Demography. Future of the Lapps
Managing local networks : impacts of network management on the implementation of new public management and citizen participation
Rebuilding communities : experiences and experiments in Europe
Our places, their spaces : urban territoriality in the Northern Irish conflict
Conservation enterprise : what works, where and for whom?
Community life : an introduction to local social relations
A lesson in love : a little village school novel
A responsible local community : national programme of villages and leader groups 2008-2013 : summary
How people get power
Poverty, biodiversity and local organisations : lessons from BirdLife International
Polycentric governance and development : readings from the workshop in political theory and policy analysis
THE DEVELOPMENT POTENTIALS OF GHANA’S CAPE COAST AS A DESTINATION.
High-value natural resources and post-conflict peacebuilding
Places of pain : forced displacement, popular memory, and trans-local identities in Bosnian war-torn communities
The suburbanization of New York : is the world's greatest city becoming just another town?
Localising national protest : the nuances of Greek political allegiance
Exploring community festivals and events
The tourism industry has contributed significantly to Ghana's economy, particularly in recent times, as the sector continues to demonstrate its potential as a key driver of growth. For example, between 2000 and 2005, visitor arrivals and spending increased by 46 per cent and 68 percent respectively. The industry is currently the third largest foreign exchange earner after merchandise exports and remittances from abroad and has become one of the most important and fastest growing sectors of the Ghanaian economy. Tourism receipts in Ghana are forecasted to reach $1.5 billion by the end of 2010.Cape Coast municipality that is regarded as the brain box of Ghana's tourism still lack the concept and dignity tourism site should attain. Therefore there is the need to access and evaluate the current situation of the tourism sector in the municipality and as a result recommend what needs to be done and has been done by more world famous tourism destinations and countries to get to where they are today. This thesis was purely conducted based on literature review by reviewing, analyzing and authenticating the projects and reports already written on similar topic and project. Tourism textbooks, journals, Internet sources and internet reports were the secondary sources reviewed. The keys findings of the research were aimed at analyzing the tourism potentials of Cape Coast as a destination so as to make it attractive to both domestic and international tourists.
Corporate partnerships and community development in the Nigerian oil industry : strengths and limitations
Village at the end of the world
Chinese village, socialist state
Natural potency and political power : forests and state authority in contemporary Laos
Naming practises as a social control : the continuity and change of morals in local peasant communities (c. 1850-1960)
The community
Community media in the information age : perspectives and prospects
"After the Ancestors The passage from pagan to Christian and tribesman to citizen has been exhaustively documented, but the people who make up that story have mostly been written out of it. This account, set in Nias, Indonesia, captures the human dilemmas attending the world- historical transformation from tribalism to modernity. The author allows the complexity of the issues - the hold of the past on the present, perspectives on life and death, vengeance and morality - to emerge through dramatic encounters. Innovative and personally challenging, this book is about a radically different world and the search for a common humanity that underlies cultural difference. It is also about the process of coming to understand another society and the formation of an anthropologist. Interweaving a gripping narrative of fieldwork with the drama of life in a tribal society in extremis, this book is essential reading for students of anthropology and the general reader alike"--
Enhancing community involvement in wildlife tourism : issues and challenges
Tradition matters : modern Gauchó identity in Brazil
Environmental issues facing Tibetan pastoral communities
Legitimacy in the pluriverse : towards an expanded view on corporate-community relations in the global forestry industry
Reconceptualising democratic local governance in the Niger Delta
Film-induced tourism
Village within a city : the Hessle Road fishing community of Hull
Northeast Asian borders : history, politics, and local societies
Rethinking globalization(s) : from corporate transnationalism to local interventions
Village inheritance in early modern England : kinship structure, inheritance customs and generation continuity
Tourism, globalisation and cultural change : an island community perspective
Community resilience and environmental transitions
Welcome to Night Vale : a novel
Biodiversity conservation and poverty alleviation : exploring the evidence for a link
Settlements, kinship and hunting grounds in traditional Greenland : a comparative study of local experiences from Upernavik and Ammassalik
Beneficiary participation in community based development : the challenges and implications for development management
COMCOT - an innovative tool for improving the competitiveness of community-based tourism : the evaluation of the community-based tourism development process
In the presence of mine enemies : war in the heart of America, 1859-1863
Humanitarian soldiers, colonialised others and invisible enemies : visual strategic communication narratives of the Afghan war
"Place Peripheral examines community and regional development in rural, island, and remote locales from a place-based approach. This is a timely edited collection, addressing themes that are receiving considerable attention in Canada and internationally as local communities, scholars, researchers and public policy analysts strive to better understand and apply place-based strategies in rural and remote regions. The volume and its contributors examine place-based economic development strategies, recognizing the broader and deeper significance, meanings, and attachments often associated with place and also interrogating such relationships as may exist between sense of place, cultural and social development, and environmental stewardship."--
Water, power and identity : the cultural politics of water in the Andes
Kuulumisen ulottuvuuksia Patrick Husen taiteilijakirjaprojekti : = realms of belonging an artist book project by
Micro-clusters and networks : the growth of tourism
Village India : studies in the little community
Tourism and local communities in Jordan : perception, attitudes and impacts
The development potentials of Ghana's Cape Coast as a destination
Social indicators study of Alaskan coastal villages. 1 vol. 1, Key informant summaries : Schedule A regions (North Slope, NANA, Calista, Aleutian-Pribilof)
Tourism, resource access and power's modalities in Zanzibar, Tanzania : examining the linkages between tourism, coastal communities and the coastal environment
The transition companion : making your community more resilient in uncertain times
You are there
The creation of the small New England town in Alice Hoffman's Massachusetts novels : a cultural imagological study
Ukrainian otherlands : diaspora, homeland, and folk imagination in the twentieth century
Shoes for Anthony
Understanding community media
Living proof : the essential data-collection guide for indigenous use -and-occupancy map surveys
Locality, memory, reconstruction : the cultural challenges and possibilities of former single-industry communities
Malinowski among the Magi : 'The natives of Mailu'
Sound mining in the North : a guide to environmental regulation and best practices supporting social sustainability
Communities and forests : where people meet the land
Tallinn neighbourhood associations as the experts of local living
Tourism collaborative governance and rural community development : case studies from Finland and China
After the ancestors : an anthropologist's story
Becoming inummarik : men's lives in an Inuit community
Tourism and hospitality entrepreneurship : examining the factors that influence the performance of small and medium enterprises
Handbook of engaged scholarship : contemporary landscapes, future directions. Volume one, Institutional change
Developing disaster preparedness education via broadcast media and community involvement
School and local community - dimensions of change : a review of Norwegian research
Governance, democracy and sustainable development : moving beyond the impasse?
Community media : a global introduction
Place peripheral : place-based development in rural, island, and remote regions
Transforming the frontier : peace parks and the politics of neoliberal conservation in southern Africa
Sustainability on community-based homestay tourism : case: Kiau Nulu Village, Sabah, Malaysia
Tibetan village communities : structure and change
Magoroto Mlinga community ecotourism : a feasibility study
The winding road from exclusion to ownership : governance and social outcomes in contemporary forest conservation in northeastern Tanzania
A report on the International Conference on Cultural tourism and local communities : Yogyakarta, Indonesia, 8-10 February 2006
Community-based archaeology : research with, by, and for indigenous and local communities
Subterranean struggles : new dynamics of mining, oil, and gas in Latin America
China's vanishing worlds : countryside, traditions and cultural spaces
The art of making do in Naples
Displacement, Resistance and the Critique of Development : from the Grass-Roots to the Global (RSC working paper)
According to Baba : a collaborative oral history of Sudbury's Ukrainian community
Which way to the ballroom?
Yoruba hometowns : community, identity, and development in Nigeria
Conservation and sustainable use of peat swamp forests by local communities in South East Asia
Social licence to operate obtained? : the CSR strategy of Doe Run Perú in La Oroya, Peru, from the local community perspective
Family in transition : a study of 300 Yugoslav villages
Community forest monitoring for the carbon market : opportunities under REDD
The letters of Ivor Punch
Mediterranean islands, fragile communities and persistent landscapes : Antikythera in long-term perspective
Community, carnival, and campaign : expressions of belonging in a Swedish region
Performing nostalgia : migration culture and creativity in South Albania
UNESCO in Southeast Asia : World Heritage sites in comparative perspective
Tourism and sustainability : development and new tourism in the third world
Decision making in village Nepal
Structuring the quality of living : a notebook on social intelligence and strategies for the management of living and local community development
Tradition and cultural identity
Ecotourism and Sustainability: Social Impacts on Rural Communities : Case: San Luis Potosí, Mexico
Local organizations : intermediares in rural development
Adaptive collaborative approaches in natural resource governance : rethinking participation, learning and innovation
Community education for social justice
Geographical perspectives on sustainable rural change
Handbook of engaged scholarship : contemporary landscapes, future directions. Volume two, Community-campus partnerships
Rapid guide for missions : analysing local institutions and livelihoods
This Discussion Paper critically examines local governance in the Niger Delta and its relevance to the search for inclusive and sustainable conflict-resolution in the oil-rich Niger Delta region of Nigeria. It critiques the existing local government system and explores the possibility of reconceptualising local governance along more inclusive, accountable and participatory lines that would institutionalise democracy, development and peace at the grassroots or community level in the troubled oil-rich region. Its originality lies in its departure from top-down perspectives, and its refocusing of attention on the oft-neglected local sites of conflict and under development. The paper will appeal to scholars, policy actors and development planners with a particular interest in developments at the African grassroots level.
