http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10986 inscriptions
inscriptions
The wealth of inscriptions found scattered throughout the Greek world are an invaluable source for the reconstruction of Greek history. The texts themselves, however, are often fragmented and their subjects and background obscure and difficult to understand. This revised paperback edition of Meiggs and Lewis's standard selection (first published in 1969) includes new addenda, in addition to 95 texts covering the period from c. 750 BC up to the end of the Peloponnesian War (404 BC). Each text is presented epigraphically and supplemented with a general description of the inscription's appearance and location, a bibliography, and full historical commentary. Many inscriptions are Athenian, shedding light on the political institutions of Athens (archons and ostracism, for example) and foreign affairs, especially her relations with the allies in the Athenian Empire and her role in the Peloponnesian War. Inscriptions from other city states and areas, though varying in date, present very different institutions and events, and help give a more rounded picture of the history of the period. Addenda and a concordance bring the edition fully up to date.
The second volume of the Corpus Inscriptionum Iudaeae/Palaestinae covers the inscriptions of Caesarea Maritima and the coastal region of the Middle Coast from Tel Aviv in the south to Haifa in the north from the time of Alexander to the Muslim conquest. The approx. 1,050 texts comprise all the languages used for inscriptions during this period (Greek, Latin, Hebrew, Aramaic, Samaritan, Syrian, and Persian) and are arranged according to the principal settlements and their territory. The great majority of the texts belongs to Caesarea, the capital of the province of Judaea/Syria Palaestina. No other place in Judaea has produced more Latin inscriptions than this area, reflecting the strong Roman influence on the city.
Egyptian historical records of the later eighteenth dynasty. Fascicle 3
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 32.
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 27.
The inscriptions of Central Pisidia : including texts from Kremna, Ariassos, Keraia, Hyia, Panemoteichos, the Sanctuary of Apollo of the Perminoundeis, Sia, Kocaaliler, and the Döseme Bogazi
Tas-Silġ, Marsaxlokk (Malta) II: archaeological excavations conducted by the University of Malta, 1996-2005
Before the God in this place for good remembrance : a comparative analysis of the Aramaic votive inscriptions from Mount Gerizim
Augustan and Julio-Claudian Athens : a new epigraphy and prosopography
Excavations at Nuzi. Vol. 5,2
The invention of Hebrew
Castles and churches in the middle Nile region
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 37.
Egyptian historical records of the later eighteenth dynasty. Fascicle 6
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 22.
Roman inscribed and sculptured stones in the Hunterian Museum, University of Glasgow
Epigraphy and the historical sciences
A selection of Greek historical inscriptions to the end of the fifth century B. C.
Khmer heritage in Thailand with special emphasis on temples, inscriptions, and etymology
Tas-Silġ, on the south-east coast of the island of Malta, is a major multi-period site, with archaeological remains spanning four thousand years. A megalithic temple complex built in the early third millennium BC gave way to a Phoenician and Punic sanctuary dedicated to the goddess Astarte. The sacred place underwent major transformations in Roman times, becoming an international religious complex dedicated to the goddess Juno. Located on the maritime routes plied by mariners and traders, its fame did not escape the attention of the first-century BC orator Cicero. Excavated as part of a major archaeological project in the 1960s, the site of Tas-Silġ lay abandoned for several decades. In 1996, the University of Malta renewed excavations at the site for ten seasons, uncovering Neolithic and Late Bronze Age occupation levels, and substantial deposits associated with ritual offerings of Punic date. This volume is the second monograph of the final publication of the excavations. It provides an account of the pottery and of the hundreds of inscribed pottery sherds that were recovered during the excavations. It forms a companion volume to the first monograph, which reports on the history of the site and other finds.
Archaeologies of text : archaeology, technology, and ethics
The Liber linteus : a word for word commentary to and translation of the longest Etruscan text
Greek historical inscriptions 404-323 BC
Historical, religious and economic texts and antiquities
The pre-history of the Armenians
Aspects of Anglo-Scandinavian York
Graphemic analysis of old Babylonian letters from Mari
The Herbert Weld collection in the Ashmolean Museum : Pictographic inscriptions from Jemdet Nasr
Handbook of Latin inscriptions illustrating the history of the language
Assyrian royal inscriptions. Part 2, From Tiglath-pileser I to Ashur-nasir-apli II
Assyrian documents in the Musée d'Art et d'Histoire, Geneva
Eleusis, the inscriptions on stone : documents of the Sanctuary of the Two Goddesses and public documents of the Deme
The Buddhist stupas of Amaravati and Jaggayyapeta in the Krishna district, Madras Presidency, surveyed in 1882
Vindolanda : the Latin writing-tablets
The Vindolanda writing tablets
Three Šulgi hymns : Sumerian royal hymns glorifying king Šulgi of Ur
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 53, Neo-Assyrian letters from the Kuyunjik collection
Biblical scholars have long claimed that the Israelites "could not conceive of a disembodied nefesh [soul]." In this book, Richard C. Steiner rejects that claim based on a broad spectrum of textual, linguistic, archaeological, and anthropological evidence spanning the millennia from prehistoric times to the present. The biblical evidence includes a prophecy of Ezekiel condemning women who pretend to trap the wandering souls of sleeping people - prophecy that has been only partially understood until now because of the obscure technical terms that it contains. The extrabiblical evidence suggests that a belief in the existence of disembodied souls was part of the common religious heritage of the peoples of the ancient Near East.--Provided by publisher.
The Daskyleion bullae : seal images from the western Achaemenid empire
Corpus Inscriptionum Iudaeae/Palaestinae. Volume 2, Caesarea and the Middle Coast 1121-2160
Egyptian historical inscriptions of the nineteenth dynasty
Egyptian historical records of the later eighteenth dynasty. Fascicle 2
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 35.
Attic document reliefs : art and politics in ancient Athens
A dedicatory inscription of the Urartian king Išpuini
Ancient scripts from Crete and Cyprus
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 13.
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 39
Temple documents of the third dynasty of Ur from Umma
Gebel Barkal epigraphic survey 1986 : preliminary report of first season's activity: observing the Cliff Inscription and Bridge Emplacement, and recovering the Piye reliefs in the Great Amun Temple
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 6.
Tamil in 550 A.D. : an interpretation of early inscriptional Tamil
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 46, Babylonian literary texts
Letters and contratcs from Erech : written in the neo-Babylonian period
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 16.
The Book of the Dead of Gatseshen : ancient Egyptian funerary religion in the 10th century BC
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 18.
Disembodied souls : the Nefesh in Israel and kindred spirits in the ancient Near East, with an appendix on the Katumuwa Inscription
Textbook of Syrian Semitic inscriptions. Vol. 3, Phoenician inscriptions including inscriptions in the mixed dialect of Arslan Tash
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 7.
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 28.
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 52, Old Babylonian letters
Selected royal inscriptions of Assurbanipal : L3, L4, LET, Prism I, Prism T, and related texts : introduction, cuneiform text and transliteration wiht translation, glossary, indices and sign list
The Tell El-Amarna tablets in the British Museum : with autotype facsimiles
Ashmunein (1980) : British Museum expedition to Middle Egypt
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 19.
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 11.
An outline of the grammar of the Safaitic inscriptions
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 15.
The decipherment of Linear B
New documents illustrating early Christianity. Vol. 5, Linguistic essays
The twin inscriptions of Nebuchadnezzar at Brisa (Wadi Esh-Sharbin, Lebanon) : a historical and philological study
Ostraka and name stones from the tomb of Sen-Mūt (no. 71) at Thebes
Egyptian historical inscriptions of the twentieth dynasty
Ashrafpur copper-plate grants of Devakhaḍga
Village voices : proceedings of the Symposium "Texts from Deir El-Medîna and their Interpretation" Leiden, May 31 - June 1, 1991
Antiquities of Chamba state. Part 1, Inscriptions of the pre-Muhammadan period
From the Mari archives : An anthology of Old Babylonian letters
The study of Greek inscriptions
The Mycenae tablets. 3
The "Christians for Christians" inscriptions of Phrygia
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 8.
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 1.
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 21.
Hellenike grafe : Katalogos ektheseos antigrafon = The greek script : Catalogue of an exhibition of copies
"Der vorliegende Sammelband - der erste, der zur Gänze Aspekten der byzantinistischen Epigraphik gewidmet ist - umfasst in erster Linie Beiträge zweier internationaler Konferenzen (Wien 2010, Sofia 2011). Er gliedert sich in vier Abschnitte und versammelt unter anderem folgende Artikel: Nach einem einführenden Beitrag über die 'Geschichte' der byzantinistischen Epigraphik versucht Cyril Mango den Terminus "Byzantinische Inschrift" und seine Grenzen zu definieren. Vincent Debiais liefert interessante Beobachtungen anhand eines Vergleichs von westlichen und byzantinischen Inschriften. Der zweite Abschnitt des Buches trägt den Titel 'Methods of Editing Byzantine Inscriptions': Während der Beitrag Peter Schreiners die dringende Notwendigkeit einer neuen epigraphischen Initiative innerhalb der Byzantinistik betont, beschreibt Walter Koch detailliert die westlichen Inschriftenprojekte. Sowohl Guglielmo Cavallo als auch Erkki Sironen diskutieren Editionsrichtlinien, während Charlotte Roueché die Vorteile von Online-Corpora beschreibt. Joel Kalvesmaki stellt das kürzlich publizierte epigraphische Font 'Athena Ruby' vor. Der dritte Abschnitt umfasst Artikel, die über laufende epigraphische Projekte berichten: Zwei in Griechenland durchgeführte Projekte werden als Datenbank publiziert werden. Maria Xenaki diskutiert den epigraphischen Reichtum Kappadokiens und die kaum analysierten Graffiti. Der letzte Abschnitt ist Fallstudien gewidmet, deren Inhalt von der Spätantike (Sencer Şahin, Mustafa Sayar) bis in mittel- und spätbyzantinische Zeit reicht (Ida Toth, Linda Safran). "--
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 33.
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 9.
Bound for Exile, the companion volume of The Raging Torrent, presents a collection of cuneiform texts that relate to the Israelites and Judeans living under the yoke of the great Mesopotamian empires during the 8th-6th centuries BCE. Through these texts, uncovered in ancient Assyria and Babylonia, as well as in the Land of Israel, we learn of the masses of Israelites and Judeans deported to distant parts of the ancient Near East, and the few left behind to live alongside new settlers who were in turn transferred to Israel. Little is known of the life led by the exiles abroad. All the texts in this innovative collection have been newly translated from the most recent editions of the original documents. They are introduced by concise historical surveys. A consecutive commentary and select bibliography accompany each selection. Illustrative material - maps and photographs - provide additional accessibility to the sources.
New documents illustrating early Christianity. 1, A review of the Greek inscriptions and papyri published in 1976
Private associations organized around a common cult, profession, ethnic identity, neighbourhood or family were common throughout the Greco-Roman antiquity. This volume collects a representative selection of inscriptions from associations in Asia Minor and the north coast of the Black Sea, published with English translations, brief explanatory notes, commentaries and full indices.
Corpus Inscriptionum Iudaeae/Palaestinae. Volume 3, South Coast 2161-2648
Egyptian historical records of the later eighteenth dynasty. Fascicle 5
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 38
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 24.
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 44, Miscellaneous texts
Ancient Egyptian and Mediterranean studies : in memory of William A. Ward
Ancient Yemen : some general trends of evolution of the Sabaic language and Sabaean culture
New documents illustrating early Christianity. Vol. 4, A review of the Greek inscriptions and papyri published in 1979
The Cheonjeon-ri petroglyphs in Ulsan
CIL VIII 19 revisited
The Shemshāra archives 2 : the administrative texts
The ancient Egyptian pyramid texts
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 10.
Epistolary texts from Ugarit : structural and lexical correspondences in Episteles in Akkadian and Ugaritic
The textual criticism of inscriptions
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 55, Neo-Babylonian and Achaemenid economic texts
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 45, Old-Babylonian business documents
The alphabet at the turn of the millennium : the West Semitic alphabet ca. 1150-850 BCE : the antiquity of the Arabian, Greek and Phrygian alphabets
Karanòg : the Meroitic inscriptions of Shablûl and Karanòg
Iron age hieroglyphic Luwian inscriptions
Sargonic and Gutian periods (2334-2113 BC)
Greco-Roman associations : texts, translations, and commentary. 2, North coast of the Black Sea, Asia Minor
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 30.
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 40
Sargonic Akkadian : a historical and comparative study of the syllabic texts
"Collecting documentary evidence that appeared in publications between 1988 and 1992, volume 10 reproduces, translates, and reviews a selection of Greek inscriptions and papyri that focus on major social institutions of the time. A comprehensive series of indexes for volumes 6-10 offers a cumulative perspective on many topics."--Page 4 of cover.
Antiquities of Chamba state. Part 2, Mediaeval and later inscriptions
Old Babylonian period (2003-1595 BC)
The Great penance at Māmallapuram : deciphering a visual text
The Egyptian coffin texts. 7, Texts of spells 787-1185
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 29.
Images of eternal beauty in funerary verse inscriptions of the Hellenistic and Greco-Roman periods
Northern Thai stone inscriptions (14th-17th centuries). Glossary
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 14.
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 26.
The other gods who are : studies in Elamite-Iranian acculturation based on the Persepolis fortification texts
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 2.
New documents illustrating early Christianity. Vol. 2, A review of the Greek inscriptions and papyri published in 1977
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 48, Old-Babylonian legal documents
Treasure map : a guide to the Delian inventories
The royal inscriptions of Aššur-Nāṣir-Apli II (883-859 B.C.) : a study of the chronology of the Calah inscriptions together with an edition of two of these texts
Mount Gerizim excavations. Vol. 2, A temple city
A topographical list of inscriptions in the Tamil Nadu and Kerala states. Vol. 2, South Arcot district
Supernomina : a study in Latin epigraphy
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 20.
Old Turkic epigraphic materials
The fasti of Roman Britain
Foreign sailors on Socotra : the inscriptions and drawings from the cave Hoq
Egyptological miscellanies : a tribute to Professor Ronald J. Williams
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 50, Pre-Sargonic and Sargonic economic texts
"The Invention of Hebrew" is the first book to approach the Bible in light of recent findings on the use of the Hebrew alphabet as a deliberate and meaningful choice. Seth L. Sanders connects the Bible's distinctive linguistic form - writing down a local spoken language - to a cultural desire to speak directly to people, summoning them to join a new community that the text itself helped call into being. Addressing the people of Israel through a vernacular literature, Hebrew texts gained the ability to address their audience as a public. By comparing Biblical documents with related ancient texts in Hebrew, Ugaritic, and Babylonian, this book details distinct ways in which Hebrew was a powerfully self-conscious political language. Revealing the enduring political stakes of Biblical writing, "The Invention of Hebrew" demonstrates how Hebrew assumed and promoted a source of power previously unknown in written literature: 'the people' as the protagonist of religion and politics. -- Review: "An absolutely innovative way of reading the use of ancient Hebrew for generating political identity and for understanding the Hebrew Bible itself. It is refreshing to see such profound insight and analyses come out of material that has otherwise not received substantial recognition of its cultural and political importance." Mark S. Smith, author of God in Translation: Deities in Cross-Cultural Discourse in the Biblical World "S. Brings anthropology and epigraphy together in an original and stimulating way, seeking to discern the roots of biblical texts by exploring the contexts and development of writing in the Levant during the Bronze and Iron Ages...This wide-ranging, extensively annotated book deserves careful study and offers much of value to OT scholars." A. R. Millard Journal for the Study of the Old Testament
Forerunners to Udug-Hul : Sumerian exorcistic incantations
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 4.
Jews and God-fearers at Aphrodisias : Greek inscriptions with commentary : texts from the excavations at Aphrodisias conducted by Kenan T. Erim
Egyptian historical records of the later eighteenth dynasty. Fascicle 1
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 12.
The first volume of the Corpus Inscriptionum Iudaeae/Palaestinae covers the inscriptions of Jerusalem from the time of Alexander to the Arab conquest in all the languages used for inscriptions during those times: Hebrew, Aramaic, Greek, Latin, Syrian, and Armenian. The 1,120 texts have been arranged in categories based on three epochs: up to the destruction of Jerusalem in the year 70, to the beginning of the 4th century, and to the end of Byzantine rule in the 7th century.
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 47, Old-Babylonian Nadītu records
Persepolis seal studies : an introduction with provisional concordances of seal numbers and associated documents on Fortification Tablets 1-2087
The Mycenae tablets. 2
Individuals and society in Mycenaean Pylos
Antiquities of Northern Pakistan : reports and studies. Vol. 1, Rock inscriptions in the Indus Valley
The Shemshara archives. 1, The letters
Travancore inscriptions : a topographical list
Letters and transactions from Cappadocia
This third volume of the Corpus Inscriptionum Iudaeae/Palaestinae includes inscriptions from the South Coast from the time of Alexander through the end of Byzantine rule in the 7th century. It includes all the languages used in the inscriptions of this period – Greek, Latin, Hebrew, Aramaic, Samaritan, Christian Palestinian Aramaic, and Nabataean. The 488 texts are classified according to city, from Tel Aviv in the north to Raphia in the South.
Old Akkadian inscriptions in Chicago Natural History Museum : texts of legal and business interest
Royal Hittite instructions and related administrative texts
New documents illustrating early Christianity. Vol. 10, A review of the Greek and other inscriptions and papyri published between 1988 and 1992
Script and seal use on Cyprus in the Bronze and Iron Ages
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 41
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 51, Miscellaneous texts
Two Greek documents on bronze : (IG XIV 954; IG XIV 955 = IGUR 4)
Bound for exile : Israelites and Judeans under imperial yoke : documents from Assyria and Babylonia
Narrative literature from the Tebtunis Temple Library
Cuneiform archives and libraries : papers read at the 30e rencontre assyriologique Internationale Leiden, 4 - 8 July 1983
Documents in Mycenaean Greek : three hundred selected tablets from Knossos, Pylos and Mycenae with commentary and vocabulary
Ancient inscriptions : voices from the biblical world
Studies in Aramaic inscriptions and onomastics 3 : Maʻlānā
Supplementum Audollentianum
Epigraphia Indica
Sumer edebî tablet ve parçaları : Istanbul Arkeoloji Müzelerinde bulunan = Sumerian litery tablets and fragments in the Archaeological Museum of Istanbul. 2
This volume contains a detailed grammatical description of the dialects of Old Arabic attested in the Safaitic script, an Ancient North Arabian alphabet used mainly in the deserts of southern Syria and north-eastern Jordan in the pre-Islamic period. It is the first complete grammar of any Ancient North Arabian corpus, making it an important contribution to the fields of Arabic and Semitic studies. The volume covers topics in script and orthography, phonology, morphology, and syntax, and contains an appendix of over 500 inscriptions and an annotated dictionary. The grammar is based on a corpus of 33,000 Safaitic inscriptions.
The Romans in Britain : an anthology of inscriptions
Monumenta Asiae Minoris antiqua. Vol. 8, Monuments from Lycaonia, the Pisido-Phrygian borderland, Aphrodisias
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 54 : Neo-Babylonian letters from the Kuyunjik collection
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 5.
A selection of Latin inscriptions
Sumerian economic texts : from the first dynasty of Isin
Sumer edebî tablet ve parçaları : Istanbul Arkeoloji Müzelerinde bulunan = Sumerian litery tablets and fragments in the Archaeological Museum of Istanbul. 1
Egyptian historical records of the later eighteenth dynasty. Fascicle 4
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 36.
"A selection of translations of the hundreds of letters from ancient Mari (Tell Hariri) on the Euphrates River, categorizing them by type of letter, contents, and with commentary on the ways in which the letters provide access into our understanding of ancient Mesopotamian society, in the 2nd millennium B.C.E."--Provided by publisher.
Tiruvannamalai : a Saiva sacred complex of South India. 1, Inscriptions
Dialogue form in Greek verse inscriptions with some non-inscriptional parallels
Kharoshthī inscriptions : with the exception of those of Aśoka. Pt. 1
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 17.
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 23.
The decrees of the Greek states
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 43, Old-Babylonian letters
The personal names of the Latin inscriptions in Bulgaria
Islamic inscriptions
Theban desert road survey in the Egyptian western desert. Volume 1, Gebel Tjauti rock inscriptions 1-45 and Wadi el-Ḥôl rock inscriptions 1-45
Monumenta Asiae Minoris antiqua. Vol. 7, Monuments from Eastern Phrygia
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 34.
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 31.
The Chicago Syllabary and the Louvre Syllabary AO 7661
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 3.
"The present book, the first collective volume entirely devoted to aspects of Byzantine epigraphy, mainly comprises papers delivered at two international meetings (Vienna 2010, Sofia 2011). The book is divided into four sections and includes among others the following contributions: after an introductory article about the 'history' of the discipline of Byzantine epigraphy Cyril Mango tries to define the term 'Byzantine inscription' and its limits. Vincent Debiais offers some interesting observations by comparing medieval Latin inscriptions from the West with Byzantine epigraphic traditions. The second section of the book bears the title 'Methods of Editing Byzantine Inscriptions': while the paper of Peter Schreiner discusses the urgent necessity of creating a new epigraphic initiative within Byzantine Studies, Walter Koch describes the Western medieval inscription projects in detail. Both Guglielmo Cavallo and Erkki Sironen discuss editorial guidelines while Charlotte Roueché stresses the advantages of creating online-corpora, and Joel Kalvesmaki describes his recently published epigraphic font 'Athena Ruby'. The third section covers articles which report current epigraphic projects: two projects from Greece presented will be published within databases. Maria Xenaki discusses the epigraphic wealth of Cappadocia and its hardly studied graffiti. The last section is devoted to case studies articles. Their content ranges from Late Antiquity (Sencer Şahin, Mustafa Sayar) until the middle and the late Byzantine period (Ida Toth, Linda Safran)."--
Inscriptions of the Cave "Latsida ston Keramo" : Inscriptiones Creticae "Latsidae Kerami" Antri, I.Cret.LKA
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets in the British Museum. Part 49, Late-Babylonian economic texts
New documents illustrating early Christianity. Vol. 6, A review of the Greek inscriptions and papyri published in 1980-81
Eleusis, the inscriptions on stone : 2. Commentary : documents of the Sanctuary of the Two Goddesses and public documents of the Deme
Cuneiform texts from Babylonian tablets, &c., in the British Museum. Part 25.
The decipherment of linear B
Arabic medieval inscriptions from the Republic of Mali : epigraphy, chronicles and Songhay-Tuāreg history
Studia epigraphica : in memoriam Gezá Alföldy
The Nabataean tomb inscriptions of Mada'in Salih
Inscriptions in Byzantium and beyond : methods - projects - case studies
Early Neo-Assyrian state ideology : relations of power in the inscriptions and iconography of Ashurnasirpal II (883-859) and Shalmaneser III (858-824)
