http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10944 redistribution
redistribution
Race against the machine : how the digital revolution is accelerating innovation, driving productivity, and irreversibly transforming employment and the economy
Property fragmentation : redistribution of land and housing during the Romanian democratisation process
Work has always been one of the defining characteristics of life. Yet today 47% of American employment is at risk of automation within the next two to three decades, while professional work in law, medicine and accounting is or soon will be at risk. Drawing on research from around the world from Volvo's operations in Sweden to a vast Foxconn production facility in Shenzhen, via Indian development economists and Silicon Valley venture capitalists Economist correspondent Ryan Avent investigates what this revolution in the world of work means not only for our economies but also our societies.
Government support programmes for new forms of work organisation : a report for the Employment and Social Affairs DG
A major new manifesto for a high-tech future free from work  Neoliberalism isn't working. Austerity is forcing millions into poverty and many more into precarious work, while the left remains trapped in stagnant political practices that offer no respite.  Inventing the Future is a bold new manifesto for life after capitalism. Against the confused understanding of our high-tech world by both the right and the left, this book claims that the emancipatory and future-oriented possibilities of our society can be reclaimed. Instead of running from a complex future, Nick Srnicek and Alex Williams demand a postcapitalist economy capable of advancing standards, liberating humanity from work and developing technologies that expand our freedoms.
The wealth of humans : work and its absence in the twenty-first century
The public landscape of the new deal
Strategy, organization and the changing nature of work
Inventing the future : postcapitalism and a world without work
Part-time prospects : an international comparison of part-time work in Europe, North America and the Pacific Rim
The wealth of humans : work, power, and status in the twenty-first century
Crisis in agriculture : the Agricultural Adjustment Administration and the New Deal, 1933
The modernization of working times : flexibility and work sharing in Finland
Prosocial behavior and redistributive preferences
Reduction in working time : (a literature review)
The redivision of labor : women and economic choice in four Guatemalan communities
Flexibility through 6-hour shifts : summary of the 6+6 project
The end of work : the decline of the global labor force and the dawn of the post-market era
Gendering the knowledge economy : comparative perspectives
The new barbarian manifesto : how to survive the information age
Summary and conclusions (s. 2-5).
"None of us has ever lived through a genuine industrial revolution. Until now. Digital technology is transforming every corner of the economy, fundamentally altering the way things are done, who does them, and what they earn for their efforts. In The Wealth of Humans, Economist editor Ryan Avent brings up-to-the-minute research and reporting to bear on the major economic question of our time: can the modern world manage technological changes every bit as disruptive as those that shook the socioeconomic landscape of the 19th century? Traveling from Shenzhen, to Gothenburg, to Mumbai, to Silicon Valley, Avent investigates the meaning of work in the twenty-first century: how technology is upending time-tested business models and thrusting workers of all kinds into a world wholly unlike that of a generation ago. It's a world in which the relationships between capital and labor and between rich and poor have been overturned. Past revolutions required rewriting the social contract: this one is unlikely to demand anything less. Avent looks to the history of the Industrial Revolution and the work of numerous experts for lessons in reordering society. The future needn't be bleak, but as The Wealth of Humans explains, we can't expect to restructure the world without a wrenching rethinking of what an economy should be. "--
Evaluating tax and benefit reforms in 1996-2001
Abstract (1 s.).
The brave new world of work
Working time : research and development 1995-1997 : a review of literature (1995-1997) commissioned by the European Commission and the European Foundation for the Improvement of Living and Working Conditions
Mad Drew : beyond coffeedome : the hilarious tale of life in the new economy
