http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10998 villages
villages
Conceptual history of international friendship
Social Impacts of Mining in Sodankylä
Agatha Raisin and the vicious vet
The life of elves
Ergonomics in a restaurant : case study A: How is the ergonomic situation in Amarillo, Jyväskylä seen by its employees?
The bones of you
The porridge of knowledge
Murder at Cape Three Points
Oliver : the cat who saved Christmas
Intézmények, folyamatok és kutatások a nemzetközi magyarságtudományban : a Jyväskyläi egyetem magyarságtudományi programjának első húsz éve = Institutions, tendencies and research in the international Hungarian studies : the first twenty years of the Jyväskylä University's Hungarian studies program
Last chance in the Pyrenees
One hundred years of solitude
Snowed in for Christmas
Beautiful villages of Beijing
Snow White Must Die by Nele Neuhaus is a tremendous new contemporary mystery series and huge international bestseller--with more than 2.5 million copies in print!On a rainy November day police detectives Pia Kirchhoff and Oliver von Bodenstein are summoned to a mysterious traffic accident: A woman has fallen from a pedestrian bridge onto a car driving underneath. According to a witness, the woman may have been pushed. The investigation leads Pia and Oliver to a small village, and the home of the victim, Rita Cramer.On a September evening eleven years earlier, two seventeen-year-old girls vanished from the village without a trace. In a trial based only on circumstantial evidence, twenty-year-old Tobias Sartorius, Rita Cramer's son, was sentenced to ten years in prison. Bodenstein and Kirchhoff discover that Tobias, after serving his sentence, has now returned to his home town. Did the attack on his mother have something to do with his return?In the village, Pia and Oliver encounter a wall of silence. When another young girl disappears, the events of the past seem to be repeating themselves in a disastrous manner. The investigation turns into a race against time, because for the villagers it is soon clear who the perpetrator is--and this time they are determined to take matters into their own hands.An atmospheric, character-driven and suspenseful mystery set in a small town that could be anywhere, dealing with issues of gossip, power, and keeping up appearances
Studying in an international degree programme : from expectations to reality
The politics of world politics
A case study of fifteen sports clubs in the city of Jyväskylä : a descriptive analysis
Echium vulgare L., chiefly a weed in the Nordic countries, was previously rather rare in the south part of mainland Finland and very rare in the Åland Islands. It has suddenly became much more common during the last twenty years. E. vulgare has been found in all municipalities of the Åland Islands, except Brändö. The reason for the rapid expansion of the species is partly road construction with possible introduction with grass seed mixtures sown on the newly constructed road slopes and verges, and partly deliberate sowing of E. vulgare along roads in the municipality of Lemland and perhaps elsewhere. A few cases of the species sudden appearance are described.
Development plan for the Ruka Disc Golf Park
To catch a killer
Abstract: From togetherness to project activity : a case study on the development of a neighbourhood in Kainuu and the role of physical activity in joint planning.
"Lower Crowchurch is a small English community of anthropomorphic animals, enjoying the peace of the 1930s, but when the town becomes the victim of an alien invasion, the residents' lives are upended by the harsh realities of life-and-death violence. Led by the town's outsider and retired war veteran, they will have to rally together to uncover the secret of their invaders if they hope to fight back."--Publisher's description.
Jyväskylän yliopiston vuosi 2015 = University of Jyväskylä 2015
Chief Inspector Armand Gamache of the Sûreté du Québec is called to investigate the death of a villager at an Easter séance that was held at the Old Hadley House.
Vanishing village
Evaluation of the university sport services for international students : a case study from the university of Jyväskylä
What is the future of village schools? : a case study on the life cycle of a school in Northern Finland
Studying vapaa säestys through English in a CLIL teaching experiment : content and language learning experiences of JAMK music students
His tranquility as the established vicar of a New Age village shattered by the murder of an unpopular woman, former MI5 agent Max Tudor struggles with past demons while trying to identify a killer in his peaceful community.
The Provence cure for the brokenhearted
Love and rockets : New stories. no.6
A fête to remember
A fatal winter : a Max Tudor novel
An exploration of principals' and teachers' perception of teacher leadership in Finland : the case of four upper secondary schools in Jyväskylä
The special features of organising an association event
Marketing of international degree programmes of Jyväskylä polytechnic
Murder in the secret garden
Sustainable village in northern conditions : alternatives for sustainable energy production in rural areas
Customer relationship management - from potential customers to loyal customers : case: Rosso Jyväskeskus
The innkeeper of Ivy Hill
Tsoi Yuen resistance and post-80s generation : a new wave of domestic social movement
Snow White must die
Steal you away
Higurashi when they cry : Atonement arc. 1
Demi desperately needs her luck to change. On the sleeper train down to Cornwall, she can't help wondering why everything always goes wrong for her. Having missed out on her dream job, and left with nowhere to stay following her boyfriend's betrayal, pitching up at her grandfather's cottage is her only option. Victoria thinks she's finally got what she wanted: Boscawen, the gorgeous Cornish estate her family owned for generations should now rightfully be hers, following her husband's sudden death. After years of a loveless marriage and many secret affairs of her own, Victoria thinks new widowhood will suit her very well indeed. But both women are in for a surprise. Surrounded by orchards, gardens and the sea, Boscawen is about to play an unexpected role in both their lives. Can two such different women find a way forward when luck changes both their lives so drastically?
Springtime at Cherry Tree Cottage
Report from a Chinese village
Keeping up with Magda
Baltimore. Volume 5 : The apostle and the witch or Harju
The dead in their vaulted arches : a Flavia de Luce novel
Death comes to the fair
Higurashi when they cry : Abducted by demons arc. 1
Echium vulgare (Boraginaceae) in the Åland Islands
The matchmaker of Perigord
Using renewable energy as an innovation source : case study of Pörtom Community
Raven's gate : the graphic novel
Riding holiday
Creating a learning environment that supports multiculturalism : case: Dynamo Campus
A study of the experiences of international students in obtaining training placements in Central Finland
Political science at the University of Jyväskylä : growth, profile and plurality. A teach-in of speeches
A constellation of vital phenomena
Surprises in Burracombe
The living and the dead in Winsford
Marginal locations, central concerns
Development of the concept 'man' in Finnish
The valley of the shadow : a Cornish mystery
Under a Cornish sky
Beautiful chaos : a beautiful creatures novel
In search of Africa
Scenes from village life
How to read a village
Mr Mac and me
Wolf who cried boy!
The secret of Orchard Cottage
Body, town planning, and participation : the roles of young people and sport
The sandalwood tree
Higurashi when they cry : Atonement arc. 2
Chief Inspector Armand Gamache of the Sûreté du Québec and his team of investigators are called in to the scene of a suspicious death in a rural village south of Montreal. Jane Neal, a local fixture in the tiny hamlet of Three Pines, just north of the U.S. border, has been found dead in the woods. The locals are certain it's a tragic hunting accident and nothing more, but Gamache smells something foul in these remote woods, and is soon certain that Jane Neal died at the hands of someone much more sinister than a careless bowhunter.--From publisher description.
Forest of the pygmies
Accessibility and children-friendly environment in the restaurants of Jyväskylä
In a small South Carolina town, where it seems little has changed since the Civil War, sixteen-year-old Ethan is powerfully drawn to Lena, a new classmate with whom he shares a psychic connection and whose family hides a dark secret that may be revealed on her sixteenth birthday.
Higurashi when they cry : Atonement arc. 4
Dona Nicanora's hat shop
How students' voice can be heard in the Finnish context : the case of primary, lower secondary and upper secondary schools in Jyväskylä
Feasibility study on the biogas production from organic wastes generated at the University of Jyväskylä
The beast
Above and Below is a mashup of town-building and storytelling where you and up to three friends compete to build the best village above and below ground. In the game, you send your villagers to perform jobs like exploring the cave, harvesting resources, and constructing houses. Each villager has unique skills and abilities, and you must decide how to best use them. You have your own personal village board, and you slide the villagers on this board to various areas to indicate that they’ve been given jobs to do. Will you send Hanna along on the expedition to the cave? Or should she instead spend her time teaching important skills to one of the young villagers?
Good practices in northern watercourses : community development, river restoration and environmental education
The magnificent seven
Working life correspondence of the curriculum in the Degree Programme in Facility Management
Constellation of vital phenomena
It's the night before the feast in the village of Furstenfelde (population: an odd number). The village is asleep. Except for the ferryman - he's dead. And Mrs Kranz, the night-blind painter, who wants to depict her village for the first time at night. A bell-ringer and his apprentice want to ring the bells - the only problem is that the bells have gone. A vixen is looking for eggs for her young, and Mr Schramm is discovering more reasons to quit life than smoking. Someone has opened the doors to the Village Archive, but what drives the sleepless out of their houses is not that which was stolen, but that which has escaped. Old stories, myths and fairy tales are wandering about the streets with the people. They come together in a novel about a long night, a mosaic of village life, in which the long-established and newcomers, the dead and the living, craftsmen, pensioners and noble robbers in football shirts bump into each other. They all want to bring something to a close, in this night before the feast.
The Parisian's return
Murder is easy
The children of Palomar
Contradictory and complementarytheory of politics in Britain
Breaking silence
Local facility and human resource management in sports : a comparative case study of the situation in Jyväskylä/Finland and Umeå/Sweden
The little community and Peasant society and culture
Developing ideas for the curriculum in facility management : competences and future prospects
Sustainable villages in northern conditions : review on sanitation alternatives in rural areas
The little red chairs
The prophecy of bees
Sences of violence? : a short introduction
Landscape dynamics : spatial analyses of villages and farms on Gotland AD 200-1700
Shoes for Anthony
An Irish country village : a novel
Knowledge transfer to product development processes:a multiple case study in two small technology parks
Wolf winter
Before the feast
Exploring and analyzing a risk management framework for an influential sporting event : case: World Masters Athletics Championship - Jyväskylä, Finland
I am your judge : a novel
Notwithstanding : Stories from an English Village
Higurashi when they cry : Cotton drifting arc. 1
Murder in the mystery suite
Mystery in the village
The Ballroom Café
Love and rockets : New stories. no.5
The hangman
Mamma mia ... that's life!
History and Hungarian studies at the University of Jyväskylä
Higurashi when they cry : Curse killing arc. 1
The last dance : and other stories
Keyflower
Recreational sport participation of women in Jyväskylä : constraints and motives related with women's physical activity
Local worlds : rural livelihood strategies in eastern Cape, South Africa
Higurashi when they cry : Beyond midnight arc. 2
Flow with it! : well-being at work : case Café & Bar Time Out in Rantasipi Laajavuori
Speaking from among the bones : a Flavia de Luce novel
The English village : history and tradition
Wild's End. Volume one, First light
Drama comes to Prior's Ford
The rise & fall of great powers : a novel
Picnic in Provence : a tale of love in France, with recipes
Notwithstanding : stories from an English village
Wicked autumn : a Max Tudor novel
Elephant road
The role of a non-governmental organization in the improvement of employment in Finland : a case study of Jyväskylän Katulähetys ry in the city of Jyväskylä
An heir for Burracombe
Boarding schools as means to educate children from remote districts in Finland  : a micro-historical study of the role of the student hall of residence in Sodankylä, 1943-1972
Hold the dark
A French affair
Creating a foundation for international alumni networks in the finnish universities  of applied sciences : case: JAMK University of Applied Sciences
The river and the book
Sedric and the great pig rescue
Higurashi when they cry : Curse killing arc. 2
Above and below
Development of the Touruvuori outdoor recreation area
Danny the dragon
Filthy rich
The many
Marketing analysis of JJK Jyväskylä, a first division football club in Finland
Murder in the paperback parlor
Star teacher : the alternative school logbook 1985-1986
Higurashi when they cry : Time killing arc. 1
The impact of village development funds on community welfare in the Lao People's Democratic Republic
The miracles of Santo Fico
Possibilities of telework as an organisational tool for the flexible arrangement of teachers' work from the teacher's viewpoint
Trouble in Prior's Ford
The lifeblood of the village of Ivy Hill is its coaching inn, The Bell. When the innkeeper dies suddenly, his genteel wife, Jane, becomes the reluctant owner. With a large loan due, can Jane and her resentful mother-in-law, Thora, find a way to save the inn—and discover fresh hope for the future?
Not forgetting the whale
"Are you busy tomorrow" : a cross-cultural study about communication, group forming, leisure, voluntarism and commitment among members of volleyball clubs Metso Jyväskylä and Montreal Athletics Regional Club
Exhibitor satisfaction research : case: Free Time -exhibition
Demelza : a novel of Cornwall, 1788-1790
The lovers of pound hill
Agatha Raisin : dishing the dirt
Ultimate werewolf : inquisition
Higurashi when they cry : Cotton drifting arc. 2
Environmental arguments : product marketing of paper machine
Jyväskylä Paviljonki and it's impact on tourism in Jyväskylä
Dancing in the dark. My struggle book 4
Managing multigenerational workforce : how to bridge the generation gaps?
Belle and Sébastien : the child of the mountains
The restructuring process of rural Russian Karelia : a case study of two Karelian villages
Sustainable tourism in Southern Africa : local communities and natural resources in transition
Love and rockets : New stories. no.1
A year at the star and sixpence
Value from village processing
Higurashi when they cry : Time killing arc. 2
The great village show
Black sheep
Baltimore. Volume two : The curse bells
Service quality and customer satisfaction at ISS Faciltiy Service company (Cleaning  Service)
The glass demon
The Village names of Lewis
The Rabbit Back Literature Society
Small town in mass society : class, power and religion in a rural community
Cinque terre : the five villages
Higurashi when they cry : Beyond midnight arc. 1
The widow's confession
A new chapter opens in the Village chronicles! In this standalone game, each player is in charge of his very own village, controlling its entire fate. Known places and characters conjoin with new mechanisms to make up a gaming experience that feels so familiar and is yet so different from Village!
Black Swan Green
The French postmistress
April Wilson is wondering what to do next - her life has been turned upside down after the loss of her husband so she's hoping to piece herself together again with a visit to her elderly great aunt, Edith. Arriving in the rural idyll of Tindledale, she's dismayed to find Edith's cottage and the orchard behind it in a sorry state of disrepair. Edith seems to have lost interest completely, instead she's become desperate to find out what happened to her sister, Winnie, who disappeared during WWII. April gets to work immediately, discovering that the orchard still delivers a bumper crop each year, and with the help of some of the villagers - including Matt, the enigmatic Farrier - begins to unravel the mystery of the missing Winnie. Slowly, April can feel things coming to life again - but can Orchard Cottage work its magic on her too?
The JULIET programme in the University of Jyväskylä : a view from the inside
The cruelest month
Higurashi when they cry : Atonement arc. 3
Murder freshly baked
An incomplete revenge : a Maisie Dobbs novel
The swords of glass
I believe in unicorns
The essex serpent
Higurashi when they cry : Abducted by demons arc. 2
Psychological ownership and entrepreneurial drive : at the Jyväskylä City Catering Unit
Our art : the reasoning for the acquisition and placing of the public sculptures of the Jyväskylä City Art Collection in 1977-2007
Part-time work, part-time studies : the effects of working alongside studying at the Department of Languages in the University of Jyväskylä
The misbegotten
Writing about everyday beauty in a northern village : an argument for diversity of habitable places
Village life in northern India : studies in a Delhi village
