http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10993 optics
optics
Theoretical fundamentals of atmospheric optics
Building an Access Network for Triple-Play Services
The applications of holography
Physical techniques in biological research. Vol. 1, Optical techniques
Abstract.
This study of vision in 'Morte Darthur' examines the role played by sight - seeing and being seen - in its construction of gender, highlighting also the influence of the romance genre in this process.
Photonics : a short course
Handbook of optics. Vol. 3, Classical optics, vision optics, X-ray optics
Optics of the human eye
Advances in imaging and electron physics. Volume 162
Light : its interaction with art and antiquites
Replication of high precision micro-optics
Advanced laser technologies 2007, 3-7 September 2007, Levi, Finland : proceedings
Introduction to geometrical and physical optics
Studies on diffractive optics and partial coherence
An introduction to quantum optics : photon and biphoton physics
Sears & Zemansky's college physics
How to build an astronomical telescope
Optical alignment : with the Taylor-Hobson micro-alignment telescope and its accessories
Clinical optics
Optics : experiments and demonstrations
Elementary classical physics. Vol. 2, Electromagnetism, electromagnetic wave phenomena, optics
Application and design developments in diffractive optics
Diffractive axicons with fully and partially coherent light
Partial polarization and coherence in stationary and nonstationary electromagnetic fields
QED : the strange theory of light and matter
Practical fiber optics
Optical measurements : techniques and applications
Handbook of optics. Vol. 1, Fundamentals, techniques, and design
Hyperbolic partial differential equations and geometric optics
Opto-mechanical systems design
Modeling and measurement of partial spatial coherence
Opticks
Computational Fourier optics : a MATLAB® tutorial
Optics
Optics in photography
Optical information processing
Fundamentals of physics
Power control in optical CDMA
Optical methods in biomedical and environmental sciences : selected contributions to the Third International Conference on Optics Within Life Sciences OWLS III, Waseda university, International Conference Center, Tokyo, Japan, 10-14 April
Polarized light
Introduction to optics
Local field controlled linear and Kerr nonlinear optical properties of periodic subwavelength structures
Optical and digital image processing : fundamentals and applications
Proceedings : third International Workshop Nanocarbon Photonics and Optoelectronics, 29 July - 4 August 2012, Holiday Centre "Huhmari", Polvijärvi, Finland
Attosecond nanophysics : from basic science to applications
Shape and functional elements of the bulk silicon microtechnique : a manual of wet-etched silicon structures
Optical second-harmonic generation from metal nanostructures
Handbook of optical systems, 3. Vol. 3, Aberration theory and correction of optical systems
3rd Finnish Optics Days : 23-24 April, 1999 Joensuu, Finland : program and abstracts
Introduction to nanomaterials and devices
The supercontinuum laser source : the ultimate white light
Coherent optical communications systems
Physics
Power spectrum analysis and data inversion in optical spectroscopy
Micro-optical components in photoresist
Optics for engineers
Physics and biology : from molecules to life
Lectures on theoretical physics. Vol. 4, Optics
OPD2014 : Optics & Photonics days : Radisson Blu Marina Palace, Turku Finland May 20 - 22 2014 : proceedings
Third International Symposium on Optics in Engineering : January 19-21, 1999, Kaukametsä Congress Center, Kajaani, Finland. Technical digest
Geometrical optics
Polymer integrated Young interferometers for label-free biosensing applications
Optical measurement techniques and applications
Handbook of optics
Basic photographic materials and processes
Two-beam surface second-harmonic generation
Introduction to matrix methods in optics
The optics problem solver
"In the last decade many important advances have taken place in the field of quantum optics, with numerous potential applications. Ideal for graduate courses on quantum optics, this textbook provides an up-to-date account of the basic principles of the subject. Focusing on applications of quantum optics, the textbook covers recent developments such as engineering of quantum states, quantum optics on a chip, nano-mechanical mirrors, quantum entanglement, quantum metrology, spin squeezing, control of decoherence and many other key topics. Readers are guided through the principles of quantum optics and their uses in a wide variety of areas including quantum information science and quantum mechanics. The textbook features end-of-chapter exercises with solutions available for instructors at www.cambridge.org/9781107006409. It is invaluable to both graduate students and researchers in physics and photonics, quantum information science and quantum communications"--
Introduction to complex mediums for optics and electromagnetics
Geometrical optics and optical design
An introduction to biomedical optics
College physics : a strategic approach
The principles of ophthalmic lenses
Handbook of optics. Vol. 4, Fiber optics and nonlinear optics
Handbook of nanoscale optics and electronics
Polarized light : its history and contemporary use in coordination chemistry
Optics, retinoscopy, and refractometry
Mathematical methods for optical physics and engineering
Solid-state lasers for materials processing : fundamental relations and technical realizations
Handbook of biophotonics. Vol. 1, Basics and techniques
Photonic devices. 2
Diffractive input couplers for light guides
Introduction to meteorological optics
Modern Optics
CCD arrays, cameras, and displays
Diffractive optics for surface inspection
Basic optics and optical instruments
Dispersion theory and sum rules in linear and nonlinear optics
Hyperspectral prism-grating-prism imaging spectrograph
"Get up to speed with digital holography with this concise and straightforward introduction to modern techniques and conventions. Building up from the basic principles of optics, this book describes key techniques in digital holography, such as phase-shifting holography, low-coherence holography, diffraction tomographic holography and optical scanning holography, discussing their practical applications, and accompanied by all the theory necessary to understand the underlying principles at work. A further chapter covers advanced techniques for producing computer-generated holograms. Extensive Matlab code is integrated with the text throughout and available for download online, illustrating both theoretical results and practical considerations such as aliasing, zero padding and sampling. Accompanied by end-of-chapter problems and an online solutions manual for instructors, this is an indispensable resource for students, researchers and engineers in the fields of optical image processing and digital holography"--
Sears and Zemansky's university physics with modern physics
Optics Days = Optiikan päivät : proceedings 2005 : Agora Center, 12th to 13th May 2005.
Nonlinear optics
Nonlinear fiber optics
Optical physics
Physical optics
Telescope optics : evaluation and design
Photonic devices
Geometrical designs & optical art : 70 original drawings
Fabrication methods for precision optics
Imagination : images and technology gallery exhibition. Theme 1
Modeling of the optical properties of strain-induced quantum dots
Optics in engineering
Non-linear optics and laser spectroscopy
Optical surface roughness inspection of cold-rolled aluminium
Beam formation and shaping by means of diffractive optics
Essentials of nonlinear optics
Handbook of optical systems. Vol. 2, Physical image formation
Concurrent engineering approach to plastic optics design
Optics Days 2013 : book of abstracts, Helsinki, Finland 20. - 21.5.2013
Benefits of atomic layer deposition in nanophotonic device fabrication
Fiber optics design aid package. [1B]
Structured light and its applications : an introduction to phase-structured beams and nanoscale optical forces
Panoramic imaging : sensor-line cameras and laser range-finders
Fundamentals of optics
Goniospectrometric analysis of optically complex samples : a study on diffraction gratings, optically variable devices, and coatings with special effect pigments
Studies of crystal and planar optics
Leonardo Da Vinci and optics : theory and pictorial practice
Handbook of optics. Vol. 2, Devices, measurements, and properties
Image reconstruction with error modelling in diffuse optical tomography
Light-matter interaction : physics and engineering at the nanoscale
Ellipsometric studies of SiC in the infrared, visual and ultraviolet spectral region
Structural biology using electrons and X-rays : an introduction for biologists
Physics for scientists & engineers
Diffractive optics and electron beam litography
19th congress of the International Commission for Optics : 25-30 August 2002, Florence, Italy : optics for the quality of life : technical digest. Part 1 of two pars
Optics in engineering : the Seventh Finnish-Japanese Joint Symposium on Optics in Engineering (OIE'07), 8-10 August 2007, Tampere, Finland : technical digest
The adaptive optics revolution : a history
Fiber Optics: Safety Measures on Oil & Gas Pipeline Monitoring in Lagos State Region
Partially coherent beam shaping and imaging
Nonlinear optical properties of Chinese tea solution
Optical solitons : from fibers to photonic crystals
Finite difference time domain studies on sub-wavelength aperture structures
Diffractive optics based on V-shaped structures and its applications
Independent variables for optical surfacing systems : synthesis, characterization and application
Development of Fiber Laser
Numerical simulation of optical wave propagation with examples in MATLAB
Optical information technology : state-of-the-art report
Optical coatings : material aspects in theory and practice
Measurement and analysis of optical properties of turbid media
Adaptive optics in astronomy
Projection displays
Bennett and Rabbetts' clinical visual optics
Statistics for imaging, optics, and photonics
"This important resource bridges the gap between imaging, optics, and photonics, and statistics and data analysis. The text contains a wide range of relevant statistical methods including a review of the fundamentals of statistics and expanding into multivariate techniques. The techniques are explained in the context of real examples from remote sensing, multispectral and hyperspectral imaging, signal processing, color science, and other related disciplines. The book also emphasizes intuitive and geometric understanding of concepts. The topics that are most relevant to imaging, optics, and photonics applications are covered thoroughly. In addition, supplemental topics are discussed to provide an overview of when and how the methods can be used".
Diffractive optics for industrial and commercial applications
Modern classical optics
Introduction to modern digital holography : with MATLAB
Handbook of optical holography
On the analysing methods of volume diffraction gratings
Compensation of transmitter nonlinearities using predistortion techniques : case studies of envelope tracking amplifiers and radio-over-fibre links
Vision and gender in Malory's Morte Darthur
Quantum electronics in atomic physics
Current literature on Nonlinear Optics varies widely in terms of content, style, and coverage of specific topics, relative emphasis of areas and the depth of treatment. While most of these books are excellent resources for the researchers, there is a strong need for books appropriate for presenting the subject at the undergraduate or postgraduate levels in Universities. The need for such a book to serve as a textbook at the level of the bachelors and masters courses was felt by the authors while teaching courses on nonlinear optics to students of both science and engineering during the past two decades. This book has emerged from an attempt to address the requirement of presenting the subject at college level. A one-semester course covering the essentials can effectively be designed based on this. - publisher's description
Finite element modeling methods for photonics
Summary.
Sear's & Zemansky's university physics
Tunable laser module for fibre optic communications
Polymeric slot waveguide interferometers
Random light beams : theory and applications
Fabrication of surface relief gratings and their applications in diffractive optics
Fiber optics design aid package. [1A]
Metallic thin film structures and polarization shaping gratings
Design handbook for optical fiber systems. [2]
Ophthalmic lenses & dispensing
Principles of nano-optics
Phase in optics
Studies on passive and active ion-exchanged glass waveguides and devices
Design and applications of optical microsphere resonators
Optics demystified
The Scientific American book of projects for the amateur scientist
Handbook of optical systems. Vol. 4, Survey of optical instruments
Researches in magneto-optics : with special reference to the magnetic resolution of spectrum lines
Photorefractive optical surface waves
Optical measurement techniques : innovations for industry and the life sciences
Multipolar nonlinear optics of surfaces and bulk materials
Laser physics
Dependence of resonant light transmission properties of a subwavelength slit on structural parameters
Geometrical and visual optics : a clinical introduction
Organic electro-optics and photonics : molecules, polymers and crystals
Diffractive optics and electron beam lithography
Diffractive Optics, Savonlinna'97 : Savonlinna, Finland, 7-9 July 1997.
Introduction to physical optics
