http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p10943 farming
farming
Agricultural enlightenment : knowledge, technology, and nature, 1750-1840
Nordic statistical yearbook = Nordisk statistisk årsbok
Spatial and temporal variation in weather events critical for boreal agriculture: III Frost and winter time fluctuation
Mulching has become an important practice in modern field production. This article reviews the published research on paper mulches and discusses the opportunity that they offer for solving the problems of the immense use of plastics in agriculture and the associated environmental threat. Paper mulches break down naturally after usage and incorporate into the soil. Laying paper mulches in large scale farming is a problem to be solved. The quality of the paper needs to be adapted or improved for mulching purposes, and its price needs to be more competitive with that of plastic mulches. The review shows that there is considerable potential for using paper mulches in agriculture and horticulture.
Prolongation of the growing season due to a warming climate could represent new opportunities for northern agriculture. Climatic and biotic constraints may challenge future crop production. The objective of this study was to speculate how a range of arable land use patterns, resulting from various policy driven choices, could be introduced into a farming system, and how they would affect the risks associated with nutrient leaching. We found that while adaptation to climate change must include consideration of crop choices, there are conflicts associated with allocations and rotations for various market and policy situations. The expected increase in nutrient loading in the simulations caused by climate change was moderate. The increase can partly be compensated for by changes in farmland use, more in the shorter term than in the longer term to mid-century. In the future, adaptation at cropping system level is potentially an efficient way to manage nutrient load risks.
Regional P stocks in soil and in animal manure as compared to P requirement of plants in Finland : Baltic Forum for Innovative Technologies for Sustainable Manure Management : WP4 Standardisation of manure types with focus on phosphorus
The pea mosaic virus at the experiment farms, Viik and Muddusniemi
Report and recommendation of the president to the Board of Directors on a proposed loan to the Republic of Indonesia for the Integrated Pest Management for Smallholder Estate Crops Project
Ground beetle (Coleoptera, Carabidae) diversity in Finnish arable land
Farmageddon : the true cost of cheap meat
"Debate about how best to ensure the preservation of agricultural biodiversity is caught in a counter-productive polemic between proponents and critics of market-based instruments and agricultural modernisation. This book argues that neither position does justice to the range of strategies that farmers use to manage agrobiodiversity and other livelihood assets as they adapt to changing social, economic, and environmental circumstances. Chapters explore relationships between the exploitation and conservation of agricultural biodiversity and the livelihoods of agricultural communities, and evaluate the capacity of national and multilateral institutions and policy settings to support the protection and capture by communities of agrobiodiversity values. The place of ecosystem services in valuing biodiversity in the marketplace is emphasized. A number of authors assess the potential for market-based instruments and initiatives to encourage the protection of biodiversity, while others compare agrobiodiversity/community relationships, and the effectiveness of instruments designed to enhance these, across international boundaries. The book takes a comparative approach, drawing on empirical case studies from across the developed and developing worlds. In doing so, the book does not simply point to similarities and differences in the experience of rural communities. It also shows how global trade and multilateral institutions bring these otherwise disparate communities together in networks that exploit and/or preserve agrobiodiversity and other resources."--Back cover.
Land and peasant in Japan : an introductory survey
Top producer
Rural food system change in Tanzania during the Post-Ujamaa era : a case study from Western Bagamoyo district
Triangular landscapes : environment, society, and the state in the nile delta under roman rule
The origins of agriculture : an evolutionary perspective
Tobacco road
Why has Africa become a net food importer : explaining Africa agricultural and food trade deficits
The indigenous agroforestry systems of the south-eastern Rift Valley escarpment, Ethiopia : their biodiversity, carbon stocks, and litterfall
Agriculture in the European Union : statistical and economic information 2002
Harvest moon : the lost valley : Nintendo 3DS
Soil fertility, renewal & preservation
Linseed varieties were studied in variety trials and under farm conditions in south-western Finland in the years 2007-2010. The variation in yield, oil, protein, SDG lignan, cadmium and lead contents were studied in 8 oil and 2 fibre linseed varieties. Genotypic, environmental and genotype x environment interaction variance estimates were calculated. Fibre varieties "Belinka" and "Martta" had higher protein and lower oil contents than oil linseed varieties.The SDG lignan contents of linseed varieties varied between 3635-9560 mg kg-1. Rather high genotypic variance was found in yield, oil, protein and SDG lignan contents. Variety "Laser" had lower SDG lignan content. "Abacus", "Helmi" and "Martta" had the highest SDG lignan contents. Variation in cadmium and lead contents were caused by environmental effects. The highest cadmium contents, 0.821.69 mg kg-1, were found in soils fertilized by wastewater sludge about 20 years ago and at fields with low bottom soil pH (4.1-4.5).
Philip's geographical digest 1992-1993
Evaluation of urine as fertlizer for maize and cabbage production in Kaloko village, Zambia
Soil and water conservation engineering
Mining impacts on agricultural lands and food security : case study of towns in and around Kyebi in the Eastern Region of Ghana
Agricultural transformation and land use in Central and Eastern Europe
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = Landbrukstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
The agricultural systems of the world : an evolutionary approach
Water : life in every drop
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2006 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Handbook of precision agriculture : principles and applications
Growing food in a short season : sustainable, organic cold-climate garderning
My first book of the farm
Public participation in technology assessment in France
Atmospheric impact of bioenergy based on reed canary grass cultivation on organic soil
Advancing Agroforestry on the Policy Agenda : a guide for decision-makers
Integrating agriculture, conservation and ecotourism : societal influences
"Expansion of biofuel investment in Africa has been supported by indebted poor governments because of perceived potential benefits such as sustainable energy development, support to poor farmers, development of rural economies and reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. However, the intensity of the biofuels political economy in poor countries worsens inequality for the vulnerable poor. This is evidenced by large-scale land acquisitions in Africa for biofuel and crop production primarily for foreign consumption - food, animal feeds and energy crops. The search for land in African countrieshas been triggered by growing concerns over food and energy security in developed countries following the global food crisis of 2008. Moreover, these recent developments in large-scale land acquisitions in Africa are not a new phenomenon, but represent the renewal of old practices incommercial agriculture, which is either conducted through purchases or long-term leases. In addition to biofuel expansion, this study notes that current large-scale land acquisitions in sub-Saharan Africa have been further driven by demands to access water resources for other commercial agricultural crops. The land purchases or leases automatically guarantee access to African water. This demand for water is a response to climate change: most industrialists believe that acquiring land near a main water reservoir will guarantee future agricultural potential. Few analyses have been done on the land-water access nexus. This article considers recent developments in large-scaleland acquisitions in Africa in terms of water security for commercial agriculture to safeguard the production of agricultural crops with a large water footprint. Using political economy analysis, this article examines national policy on these acquisitions, the rights accorded to foreign investors and how land acquisitions undermine indigenous rights to the common resources that have been the mainsource of livelihood in sub-Saharan Africa." --Publisher's description.
"An in-depth look at agroecology, an alternative to the world's current food crisis" --
Seed sovereignty, food security : women in the vanguard of the fight against GMOs and corporate agriculture
Performance of alternative policies in addressing environmental dimensions of multifunctionality
Just enough : lessons in living green from traditional Japan
Emissions from European agriculture
Food for naught : the politics of food in agricultural modernization for African smallholder food security
Total content of phosphorus in some Finnish soils
Sustainable water management in smallholder farming : theory and practice
The impact of host mycotrophy on arbuscular mycorrhizal fungal (AMF) markers was studied in a temperate agricultural soil cropped with mycorrhizal barley, flax, reed canary-grass, timothy, caraway and quinoa and non-mycorrhizal buckwheat, dyer's woad, nettle and false flax. The percentage of AMF root colonization, the numbers of infective propagules by the Most Probable Number (MPN) method, and the amounts of signature Phospholipid Fatty Acid (PLFA) 16:1ω5 and Neutral Lipid Fatty Acid (NLFA) 16:1ω5 were measured as AMF markers.  Crop had a significant impact on MPN levels of AMF, on NLFA 16:1ω5 levels in bulk and rhizosphere soil and on PLFA 16:1ω5 levels in rhizosphere soil. Reed canary-grass induced the highest levels of AMF markers. Mycorrhizal markers were at low levels in all non-mycorrhizal crops. NLFA 16:1ω5 and the ratio of NLFA to PLFA 16:1ω5 from bulk soil are adequate methods as indicators of AMF biomass in soil.
Whole-farm risk management in arable farming : portfolio methods for farm-specific business analysis and planning
Green auctions with joint environmental benefits
Land use response to agricultural policy and market movements on Finnish dairy-farms
Last hunters first farmers : new perpectives on the prehistoric transition to agriculture
Manifestos on the future of food & seed
Environmental history of early India : a reader
Spanish journal of agricultural research
Beneath the cultural peaks of Ancient Greece lay the basic agricultural economy that made civilisation possible. This book studies Greek country life from its earliest beginnings to the recent past, revealing a sequence of geological, geographical, cultural, and economic images spanning some 50,000 years of human settlement and land use.
The use of peat in horticulture and agriculture
Landscape ecology in agroecosystems management
The Almond Blossom Appreciation Society : [a sort of sequel to Driving over lemons and A parrot in a pepper tree]
Farm anatomy : the curious parts & pieces of country life
Environmental change and anthropogenic impact on lake sediments during the Holocene in the Finnish-Karelian inland area
Conservation agriculture systems for smallholder farmers in Malawi : an analysis of agronomic and economic benefits and constraints to adoption = Conservation agriculture systemer for småskalajordbrukere i Malawi : en analyse av agronomiske og økonomiske fordeler og ulemper ved innføring
Debunking the notion that our current food crisis must be addressed through industrial agriculture and genetic modification, author and activist Vandana Shiva argues that those forces are in fact the ones responsible for the hunger problem in the first place. Who Really Feeds the World? is a powerful manifesto calling for agricultural justice and genuine sustainability, drawing upon Shiva's thirty years of research and accomplishments in the field. She proposes that instead of relying on genetic modification and large-scale monocropping to solve the world's food crisis, we should look to agroecology —the knowledge of the interconnectedness that creates food— as a truly life-giving alternative to the industrial paradigm. Shiva succinctly and eloquently lays out the networks of people and processes that feed the world, exploring issues of diversity, the needs of small famers, the importance of seed saving, the movement toward localization, and the role of women in producing the world's food.
Coral gardens and their magic. Vol. 2, The language of magic and gardening
From carbon source to sink : managing agriculture for climate change mitigation and food production in Ethiopia
Farming-simulator 2011 : Platinum edition : PC DVD-ROM
Agrarian change in the Scottish Highlands : The role of the Highlands and Islands Development board in the agricultural economy of the Crofting Counties
Water management study in Pangani River Basin : irrigation
Cropping system impact on soil quality determinants
Reduced tillage: influence on erosion and nutrient losses in a clayey field in southern Finland
Lignin determination by acid hydrolysis
Small-scale farmers in liberalised trade environment : proceedings of the seminar on October 2004 in Haikko Finland
Spatial and temporal variation in weather events critical for boreal agriculture: II Precipitation
World soil resources and food security
Agriculture of tomorrow
Food-climate interactions : proceedings of an international workshop held in Berlin (West), December 9-12, 1980
Subsistence farming in Roman Italy
Water for agriculture : facing the limits
Improved drought tolerance, resistance to disease, and increased fruiting are just a few of the ways mycorrhizal fungi can enhance plant performance. Bestselling author Jeff Lowenfels clearly explains how beneficial fungi can make or bread a plant's success, and how to best optimize the advantages. Applicable to all types of cultivation - from agriculture to horticulture and ornamental gardens to legal cannabis propagation - Teaming with Fungi reveals the key role mycorrhizal fungi play in growing successful plants.--COVER.
Alien pest species in agriculture and horticulture in Finland
Hutterian Brethren : the agricultural economy and social organization of a communal people
Crops & man
Geochemistry and water quality of Lake Qarun, Egypt
This book offers the first sustained account of the impact of the language and practice of husbandry on Shakespeare's work. It shows how the early modern discourse of cultivation changes attitude to the natural world, and traces the interrelationships between the human and the natural worlds in Shakespeare's work through dramatic and poetic models of intervention, management, prudence and profit. Ranging from the Sonnets to 'The Tempest', the book explains how cultivation of the land responds to and reinforces social welfare, and reveals the extent to which the dominant industry of Shakespeare's time shaped a new language of social relations. Beginning with an examination of the rise in the production of early modern printed husbandry manuals, Shakespeare's Nature draws on the varied fields of economic, agrarian, humanist, Christian and literary studies, showing how the language of husbandry redefined Elizabethan attitudes to both the human and non-human worlds.
Mack and Muck
Modelling the effects of tillage processes on artefact distributions in the ploughzone : a simulation study of tillage-induced pattern formation
Weed occurrence in Finnish coastal regions : a survey of organically cropped spring cereals
Successive alkalinity producing system for the treatment of acid sulphate soil runoff : preliminary results of a field trial
Sustainable protein production and consumption : pigs or peas?
Farming for health : green-care farming across Europe and the United States of America
The Svedberg 1884 30/8 1944
Agriculture and the quality of our environment : a symposium presented at the 133rd meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, December 1966
Coral gardens and their magic : a study of the methods of tilling the soil and of agricultural rites in the Trobriand Islands. Vol. 2, The language of magic and gardening
Biogeochemistry in acid sulphate soil landscapes and small urban centres in Western Finland
Soils : an introduction to soils and plant growth
People, plants and protected areas : a guide to in situ management
Agriculture in the tropics
An island in time : the biography of a village
Atlas över skärgårds-Finland = Saaristo-Suomen kartasto = Atlas of the archipelago of Southwestern Finland
Handbook on climate change and agriculture
Soil hydrological properties and conditions, site preparation, and the long-term performance of planted Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) on upland forest sites in Finnish Lapland
Soil nitrate N as influenced by annually undersown cover crops in spring cereals
Journal of agricultural research
Agriculture and environment : bringing food production and environmental protection in developing countries : proceedings of an international symposium sponsored by Division A-6 of the American Society of Agronomy in Cincinnati, OH, 7-12 November 1993
Taste, memory : forgotten foods, lost flavors and why they matter
DEVELOPMENT PLAN FOR A SMALL-SIZED FARM : Profitable Development Ideas on Products, Services, Marketing Methods and Customer Service for Kettulan Tila 2012-2014
People on the edge in the Horn : displacement, land use & the environment in the Gedaref Region, Sudan
Professional Farmer 2017 : PS4
Fundamentals of turfgrass and agricultural chemistry
Influence of changes in crop cultivation areas on pollen contents of honey
Russian-English science and engineering dictionary : all brances of technical sciences and engineering : also: agriculture, forestry, economics, law, military engg. : 100000 Russian entries
Anglo-Saxon farms and farming
Agricultural technologies and tropical deforestation
Mallast : a historical novel
Studies on microbial lipids : the formation and chemical composition of lipids in geotrichoides spec. langeron et talice
Agriculture, biodiversity and markets : livelihoods and agroecology in comparative perspective
Crop yields and supply of nitrogen compared in conventional and organic farming systems
Commercial cultivars and farmers' access to crop diversity: a case study from the Nordic region
Beyond the Acropolis : a rural Greek past
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Principles of farm irrigation system design
SAR images and ancillary data in crop species interpretation
At the gates of Loyang
How design, management and policy affect the performance of irrigation projects : emerging modernization procedures and design standards
From hunter to farmer in northern Europe : migration and adaptation during the Neolithic and Bronze Age
Appropriate classification of three Swedish soils for agrarian and environmental management
Sources of acidity and metals in a stream draining acid sulphate soil, till and peat, western Finland, revealed by a hydrochemical and sulphur isotope study
From global land grabbing for biofuels to acquisitions of African water for commercial agriculture
"To counter Eurocentric notions of long-term historical change, this book draws upon the histories of societies based on wet-rice cultivation to chart an alternate pattern of social evolution and state formation; traces inter-state linkages and the growth of commercialization without capitalism; 'industrious revolution' in India, China, Japan, Southeast Asia"--
Who really feeds the world? : the failures of agribusiness and the promise of agroecology
On the synthesis of the first amino acids in green plants
Grass-fed nation : getting back the food we deserve
Coral gardens and their magic : a study of the methods of tilling the soil and of agricultural rites in the Trobriand islands. Vol. 2, The language of magic and gardening
Green manuring : principles and practice
A monitoring and evaluation report of the conservation agriculture project 1 (CAP1) in Zambia
The handbook of research on entrepreneurship in agriculture and rural development
Uan the little lamb
Precision agriculture
Transactions of the second commission and alkali-subcommission of the International Society of Soil Science : Helsinki 26.-30. VII. 1938 : volume B
State of the world 2002 : a Worldwatch Institute report on progress toward a sustainable society
Lockhart & Wiseman's crop husbandry including grassland
The teaching of rural studies
The first European agriculture : a study of the osteological and botanical evidence until 2000 B.C
Summary.
Yield, SDG lignan, cadmium, lead, oil and protein contents of linseed (Linum usitatissimum L.) cultivated in trials and at different farm conditions in the south-western part of Finland
Food security and soil quality
Teaming with fungi : the organic grower's guide to mycorrhizae
Persistence and transformation in the Eastern Hindu Kush : a study of resource management systems in Mehlp Valley, Chitral, North Pakistan
Laimburg-Journal
The decline of the Russian peasant household
Forms of newly retained phosphorus in mineral soils
Trees on the farm : assessing the adoption potential of agroforestry practices in Africa
Agriculture in Iron Age Israel
Neutral lipid fatty acid analysis is a sensitive marker for quantitative estimation of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi in agricultural soil with crops of different mycotrophy
A comparison of nitrogen and carbon reserves in acid sulphate and non acid sulphate soils in western Finland
Work, family & community builders : Finnish immigrant women on the homestead (1895-1945)
Remote sensing of global croplands for food security
Africa and the Middle East : a continental overview of environmental issues
Explaining and exploring diversity in agricultural technology
On the trail of Taro : an exploration of natural and cultural history
The origins of agriculture and settled life
Effects of land tenure and property rights on agricultural productivity in Ethiopia, Namibia and Bangladesh
Farms of northern Finland
Saving the planet with pesticides and plastics : the environmental triumph of high-yield farming
pH of streams in western Finland : a perspective from the Middle Ages into the mid 21st century
Effect of nitrogen fertilization, grass species and cultivar on sod production on Valkeasuo peat bog - a case study
Agricultural diversification is one way of meeting the future challenges associated with climate change and population growth, making farmers' access to a diversity of high-yielding, good quality cultivars critical. In this paper we provide an overview of the seed system in the Nordic region from the 1950 to the present. The emphasis  is on breeding businesses and their production of cultivars. Key primary sources have been the national variety lists, other written sources on plant breeding, and a survey. We document how enterprises have merged and how this consolidation process has affected the production of new cultivars and led to an emphasis on major crops, resulting in the abandonment of breeding activities for several other crops. The results are discussed in relation to structures and in the broader context of agrobiodiversity issues in peripheral regions of the world.
Essays on socially optimal phosphorus policies in crop production
Landscape ecology and agroecosystems
Assessment of aquatic pollution, remedial measures and juridical obligations of an acid sulphate soil area in western Finland
Hydrochemistry of rivers in an acid sulphate soil hotspot area in western Finland
There is great temporal and spatial variation in precipitation in Finland. Both drought episodes and repeated, abundant rains may interfere with crop growth, yield and quality formation, and many agricultural operations (such as tillage, sowing, crop protection and harvesting). The windows for optimal operations are often narrow due to the short growing season and variable weather conditions. Field traffic at high soil moisture may e.g. cause soil compaction. Also, the high environmental footprint on agriculture under high latitude conditions is often attributable to fluctuations in precipitation. The station-wise precipitation observations from the Finnish Meteorological Institute for the time period of 54 years (1961‒2014) were interpolated to a regular 10 km × 10 km grid covering the whole country. Several successive time slices were used to calculate the likelihood of: 1) drought periods and 2) periods with repeated rains with above normal precipitation sum so that both of these lasted for at least a) two weeks or b) three weeks. We demonstrated substantial spatial and temporal variation in the likelihood of drought and repeated rains: drought episodes were common during the early half of the growing season, while again repeated rains with high accumulated precipitation (lasting for two weeks) became common in the latter part of the growing season. Though, we highlighted in this paper some examples of how these events may affect agriculture and their environmental impacts, the datasets published here may be applied for many other assessments.
Marginal agriculture in Michigan's copper country : (parts 1and 2)
A green place, a good place : agrarian change, gender, and social identity in the Great Lakes region to the 15th century
Climate change adaptation in arable land use, and impact on nitrogen load at catchment scale in northern agriculture
Farming simulator 2009 : gold edition : PC CD-ROM
Effect of annually repeated undersowing on cereal grain yields
Qualitative soil analysis : toolkit for farmer
A history of world agriculture : from the Neolithic Age to the current crisis
Livelihood strategies and land degradation : perceptions among small-scale farmers in Ng'iresi village, Tanzania
Influence of soil preparation on the success of Norway spruce plantation on fine-grained soil
Monitoring of Finnish arable land : changes in soil quality between 1987 and 1998.
Contract farming : partnerships for growth
Feasibility of paper mulches in crop production : a review
Domestication of plants in the Old World : the origin and spread of cultivated plants in West Asia, Europe, and the Nile Valley
Transactions of the second commission and alkali-subcommission of the International Society of Soil Science Helsinki 26.-30. VII. 1938 : volume A
The effect of the morphological properties of the ear on the susceptibility of winter wheat to sprouting in the ear
Bread, beer, and the seeds of change : agriculture's impact on world history
Bengal 1920-1947. Vol.1, The land question
Uncle Sam's farmers : the New Deal communities in the Lower Mississippi Valley
Grant assistance to the Republic of Maldives for the restoration of livelihoods of the tsunami-affected farmers in the Maldives (financed by the Japan Fund for Poverty Reduction)
Agricultural recycling of sewage sludge and the environment
Irrigation in the Middle East region in figures : AQUASTAT Survey - 2008
DJF rapport. Markbrug
Effects of agriculture on groundwater
Fertilizer phosphorus in various fractions of soil phosphorus
Heterosis in red clover
In the boreal zone of Europe, differences between the four seasons are considerable. Also, the within-season variation in climatic conditions is substantial. This has many impacts on agriculture that are exceptional when compared to any other environmental zone in Europe. All the meteorological data were based on weather observations made by the Finnish Meteorological Institute. Likelihood (%) for soil frost (≤ 0 °C at 20 cm soil depth) at nine weather stations, and late snow cover (> 1 cm) (10 km × 10 km grid) were estimated for late spring. Probabilities (%) of night frost at the ground surface (March-September) were calculated at nine weather stations by frequencies of the lowest observed night-time temperature: a) between -2 and -5 °C (mild), b) ≤ -5 °C (moderate) and c) ≤ -9 °C (severe). Also, the probabilities (%) of night frost in mid-summer were estimated (≤ -1 °C for at least five hours). Furthermore, a significant shift from mild to below-freezing conditions was measured in winter as a period of at least ten days with daily maximum temperatures above 0°C followed by at least a 10-day period with daily mean temperatures below -5°C in order to characterize high fluctuating winter conditions. All these except late snow cover constitute high risks to crop production. Deep soil frost may postpone sowings, while in advanced springs, night frost may cause damage. For winter crops and perennials, shifts from mild to cold spells outside the growing season are particularly detrimental. Again the data may have many other applications beyond the assessments highlighted in this paper.
Diagnosis of the nitrogen status in crops
Agriculture and natural resources : planning for educational priorities for the twenty-first century
Unlock the potential of contract farming : lessons from Ghana
Points to be considered in the establishment of long-term field trials
Proceedings of the VIth International Strawberry Symposium : Volume 2 : Huelva, Spain, March 3-7, 2008
Climate change and agriculture : theory and application of mitigation policies
Catastrophic yield risks and the demand for crop insurance in Finland
Nutritional status in commercial currant fields
This paper studies the structural development of farms with more than one hectare of arable land in northern Finland and explores the reasons behind the development. The paper relies mainly on agricultural census information and farm register statistics, focusing on the period after World War II.Agricultural settlement expanded in northern Finland well into the mid- 1960s due to active policy measures. The period of extensive rural population was short-lived, however. A number of unfavourable factors emerged roughly simultaneously and the number of active farms declined from nearly 60,000 in the 1960s to about 10,000 in 2000. Finland's entry into the EU in the mid-1990s gave further impetus to the development toward fewer but larger farms.Today, active farms are several times as large as their predecessors 40-50 years ago. About 50 percent of all active farms in northern Finland are dairy farms, whose impact is considerably larger than their mere number would suggest.
Value from village processing
The benefits of biochar (BC) application to fertile, non-acidic soils in temperate climate regions might not always be as evident as for highly weathered tropical soils. The aim of our study was to investigate the effects of BC on soil characteristics, nutrient uptake and crop yield in field experiments on two temperate soils (Cambisol and Chernozem) in Austria. Maize and wheat (Cambisol), and barley and sunflower (Chernozem) were grown in successive vegetation periods following different BC application rates (0, 24 and 72 t ha-1 at the start of the experiment), supplemented with identical mineral N supply in 33 m² plots. BC treatments showed varying impacts on nutrient uptake of the investigated crops. The first growing season in the Chernozem region was affected by a prolonged drought period, which resulted in positive effects of BC on soil water-holding capacity (WHC) and barley crop yield (+ 10%) for the 72 t ha-1 BC + N treatment compared to a control with identical nutrient supply but without BC. However, maize and wheat grain yield decreased by 46 and 70%, respectively, after the highest BC application rate (72 t ha-1) in an additional treatment without supplementary N-fertilisation. Still, even with high BC application rates we did not observe any adverse effects on crop yield and nutrient uptake, as long as the soil was supplied with sufficient N according to local agricultural practice.
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
The influence of seed size on emergence of seedlings and plant development in grain crops with special reference to seeding depth
International crop science 1
The land question and European society
Introduction to crop husbandry : (including grassland)
The making of an Indian Ocean world-economy, 1250-1650 : princes, paddy fields, bazaars
Professional Farmer 2016 (PS4)
Grameen Bank/microcredit ideas : report from a seminar
The disestablishment of paradise : a novel in five parts plus documents
Pre-industrial Korea and Japan in environmental perspective
Professional Farmer 2017 : XboxOne
The Impact of the Irrigation System and Agricultural Production on Water Quality in Chókwé
The knowledge : how to rebuild our world after an apocalypse
Tropical rainforest : our most valuable and endangered habitat with a blueprint for its survival into the third millennium
Arsenic and heavy metal concentrations in agricultural soils in South Savo province
Biochar application to temperate soils : effects on nutrient uptake and crop yield under field conditions
Coral gardens and their magic. Vol. 1, Soil-tilling and agricultural rites in the Trobriand Islands
Scope and content: "This volume is the outcome of collaborative European research among archaeologists, archaeobotanists, ethnographers, historians and agronomists, and frequently uses experiments in archaeology. It aims to establish new common ground for integrating different approaches and for viewing agriculture from the standpoint of the human actors involved. Each chapter provides an interdisciplinary overview of the skills used and the social context of the pursuit of agriculture, highlighting examples of tools, technologies and processes from land clearance to cereal processing and food preparation"--Provided by publisher.
Anglo-russkij sel'sko-hozjajstvennyj slovar' : okolo 75000 terminov = English-Russian dictionary of agriculture : about 75000 entries
The aim of organic agriculture is to produce food of high nutritional quality in sufficient quantity. Field experiments were conducted to evaluate the effect of organic and conventional growing systems on (i) total amounts and supply of N taken up or applied to plants during a five year crop cycle period and (ii) crops total dry matter (DM) yield obtained during same period. The total DM yields from the organic treatments were 25-33% smaller than from the conventional treatments. The ratio of N output/N input was significantly the smallest in the organic treatment with cattle manure, where only 37% of all supplied N was used by plants during the crop cycle period. The organic fertiliser with faster mineralisation rate and splitting the application of organic N during crop cycle period would be more appropriate to supply sufficient quantities of N during rapid plant growth and to obtain higher crop yields in organic farming systems.
Farming in the Iron Age
Living on a few acres
The yield and essential oil content of mint (Mentha ssp.) in Northern Ostrobothnia
Thistle soup
Cultivating the Nile : the everyday politics of water in Egypt
Sharpen the sickle! : the history of the farm workers' union
The precipitation of iron in peat soils
Fractions of inorganic phosphorus in Finnish mineral oils
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2008 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
On the correlations of areas of matured crops and the rainfall [ : and certain allied problems in agriculture and meteorology : a preliminary study]
Farming and birds in Europe : the common agricultural policy and its implications for bird conservation
Farming and rural tourism : the case of Finland
Phosphorus extractability in surface soil samples as affected by mixing with subsoil
On the formation of primary amino acids in the protein synthesis in yeast
Shakespeare's nature : from cultivation to culture
Geostatistical prediction of clay percentage based on soil survey data
The ecology of seed-eating birds in relation to agricultural practices : current research and future directions
Phosphorus status of diverse soils in Finland as influenced by long-term P fertilisation. 1, Native and previously applied P at 24 experimental sites
National irrigation symposium : proceedings of the 4th Decennial Symposium : November 14-16, 2000, Phoenix, Arizona
Trade liberalization, agriculture and poverty in low-income countries
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2007 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Although urban allotment gardening dates back to the nineteenth century, it has recently undergone a renaissance of interest and popularity. This is the result of greater concern over urban greenspace, food security and quality of life. This book presents a comprehensive, research-based overview of the various features, benefits and values associated with urban allotment gardening in Europe. The book is based on a European COST Action project, which brings together researchers and practitioners from all over Europe for the first detailed exploration of the subject on a continent-wide scale. It assesses the policy, planning and design aspects, as well as the social and ecological benefits of urban allotment gardening. Through an examination of the wide range of different traditions and practices across Europe, it brings together the most recent research to discuss the latest evolutions of urban allotment gardening and to help raise awareness and fill knowledge gaps. The book provides a multidisciplinary perspective, including insights from horticulture and soil science, ecology, sociology, urban geography, landscape, planning and design. The themes are underpinned by case studies from a number of European countries which supply a wide range of examples to illustrate different key issues.
