http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1099 banks (monetary institutions)
banks (monetary institutions)
Finland's financial system is, by structure, vulnerable to risks associated with lending for house purchase. Housing loan volumes are large relative to other lending by banks and requirements on banks' own funds. The fact that household debt levels have increased and that housing wealth constitutes a large proportion of household assets also increases the vulnerabilities. In addition, covered bonds secured by housing loans play a significant role in bank funding and investment. However, the increase in vulnerabilities has largely levelled off in the 2010s..
Usefulness of banks' financial reports in a time of crisis : evidence from corporate customers of banks in Finland
Identity theft is the fastest-growing crime in the UK. You don't just lose your possessions, you lose yourself. When Georgie Hamilton, a respectable mother of two, is a victim of stolen identity, her entire world is shattered. But twenty-two years earlier, Georgie stole someone else's life ... has the past returned to haunt her?
Prudential supervision in banking
Unitas today : [Unitas Group newsletter]
Weak profitability is a major problem for the European banking sector. Particularly in the euro area, a weakly performing economy and related impairment losses, subdued credit dynamics and prolonged low interest rates have weakened banks' profitability. The profitability of major European banks has also been undermined by court costs and sanctions imposed by the authorities. Growing regulation and an influx of new competitors on the market increase the need for balance sheet adjustment. The changes also affect Finnish banks.
Survey of readers of BOFIT publications, spring-summer  2001
Banking in an integrating world : papers from the 27th International Banking Summer School held at the Hotel Aulanko, Finland, May - June 1974.
Bank margins in structured products : empirical evidence from the German primary market for reverse convertible bonds
International banking in the 19th and 20th centuries
The optimal size of a bank : costs and benefits of diversification
Butterworths banking law handbook
How to write the history of a bank
Information content of bank credit rating changes : evidence from Europe
Credit risk management and bad debt controlling : case: ANZ Vietnam
Nordea Group intends to merge its large subsidiary banks operating in other Nordic countries to the Swedish parent company, which is supervised by the Swedish supervisory authority, Finansinspektionen. The importance of the change for Finland is heightened by Nordea's large market share..
Debt and operational performance of companies in an economic crisis : evidence from Estonia
Banking and economic development : some lessons of history
Journal of international banking law and regulation
Kaksi vuosisataa suomalaista kuvataidetta : taidesäätiö Meritan kokoelma : konststiftelsen Meritas samling = Two centuries of Finnish fine arts : art foundation Merita's collection = Två sekel av finländsk bildkonst
Corporate treasury and cash management
The Use of Modern Communication Mediums for Customer Base Expansion in the Banking Sector of Pakistan
Lessons from systemic bank restructuring
Wall Street and the Bolshevik Revolution
Mobile banking in developing countries (a case study on Kenya).
At the height of the financial crisis some weeks after the collapse of Lehman Brothers, the Eurosystem adopted a full allotment policy in the refinancing of banks. The move from variable rate tenders and controlling the amounts of liquidity provided to the banks towards fixed interest rates was necessary when the financial intermediation capacity of the banking system had been paralysed and the traditional way implementing monetary policy had led to a significant increase in the price of central bank liquidity provision. This article examines how ensuring banks' access to liquidity through central bank operations has resulted in a situation where, for five years already, short-term money market rates have been lower than the interest rate on the main refinancing operations (MRO rate), that is, the Eurosystem's traditional key steering rate. The article discusses central banks' short-term challenges in the steering of interest rates and outlines a longer-term operational model that would enable the dual use of credit operations both for steering interest rates and, in parallel, for ensuring the availability of central bank funding. The model is based on a differentiated use of collateral in different types of operations conducted by the Eurosystem..
Flash boys : cracking the money code
Law and development at the Asian Development Bank : a summary of the law-related development activities of the Asian Development Bank
Governing banking's future : markets vs. regulation
Risk weights help to establish each bank's minimum own funds relative to lending, ensuring the bank's ability to cover the related credit risk. The risk weight calculation method chosen by the bank may have a significant effect on capital requirements and ultimately on the price of credit. A harmonised calculation of housing loan risk weights would support fair competition between banks..
Payment systems and banks' distribution networks in Finland 1988-1992
The current exceptionally low level of interest rates promotes price stability and economic growth in the euro area, but it also puts a strain on retail banking profitability. In Finland, the banks' most important source of income, net interest income, is now exposed to pressures from several different directions at once. Low interest rates have compressed the spread between lending and deposit rates. At the same time, loan and deposit stocks have increased only slowly. Low interest rates have reduced customers' debt-servicing expenditure, but may also mask risks..
The economics of money and banking : a theoretical and empirical study of Islamic interest-free banking
Banking supervision and BCCI: international and national regulation : together with the proceedings of the committee, minutes of evidence and appendices
Marketing Letter for Specific Customers via Internet Bank and Electronic Signature : Case: Joroisten Osuuspankki
In search for the best alliance structure between banks and insurance companies
Exchange rate expectations and commercial bank risk-taking : a VAR approach with evidence from Estonia
INTEREST RATE RISK MANAGEMENT: PRACTICES AND SOLUTIONS IN A VIETNAMESE JOINT STOCK COMMERCIAL BANK.
The Chicago plan and New Deal banking reform
Privatisation of banks in the Czech Republic
Banks and remedies
Preventing systemic crises through bank transparency
The taxation of banks in Russia
The tradability of banking services : impact and implications
Suggestions for marketing in Branch Transaction Office I of Agriculture Bank Hanoi
Low interest rates place a strain on the banks
Nordic financial sector vulnerable to housing market risks
Tämä on Yhdyspankki : kuvakertomus pankkimme ystäville = Detta är Föreningsbanken : ett bildreporttage för bankens vänner = Here is Yhdyspankki : a story in pictures for our friends
The money lenders
Retail bank marketing in Finland : a comparison of national and local bank customers
Investments in commercial banking : core concepts and risk management strategies
Rahalaitokset = Monetära finansinstitut = Monetary financial institutions. 2002.
Innovations in Commercial Banking
Does Knowledge about Foreign Markets Affect the Internationalization of Commercial Banks?  : A case study on Ghanaian Indigenous Banks
The article consists of three parts.Part one focuses on some of the main economic and legal questions involving the Russian tax system in general.The basic principles and legal framework of the tax system are analyzed.Part two concentrates on the taxation of banks in more detail.The main types of taxes levied on banks are discussed.Finally, part three contains some suggestions for improving the efficiency of the Russian tax system in the future. .
Payment systems and banks' distribution networks in Finland 1989-1993
Branding and Integrating Marketing Communications to Strengthen Brand : case: Bank X
International financial co-operation : political economics of compliance with the 1988 Basel accord
Concentrated banking system amplifies banking crises
Banking crisis and bank performance : economies of scale and scope within the Finnish banking industry
On Demand Guarantees in Iran
Marketing Situation of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited (ICBC) Anhui Anqing Branch
Black horse ride : the inside story of Lloyds and the banking crisis
Incentives Usage as a Motivational Tool : Case: The Nigerian Banking Sector
The changing face of European banks and securities market
Household indebtedness is high in the Nordic countries. Housing loans are a significant part of banks' business, and covered bonds are important for banks both as sources of funding and as investments. The large size of the Nordic banking sector, its high degree of concentration and its interconnectedness with insurance companies increase the importance of housing market-related risks for the financial system and the economy as a whole. The materialisation of threats would increase losses in lending and investment activities and the cost of funding..
Competition and controls in banking : a study of the regulation of bank competition in Italy, France, and England
Major changes underway in European banking sector
Regulation of foreign banks : United States and international
Merita news : The Merita Bank staff newsletter
Monetary economics : policy and its theoretical basis
Organization development model : work and leadership development in a bank organization
The Impact of Corporate Social Responsibility Initiatives and Customer Centric Initiatives on Customers
The mystery of banking
Conversion of Nordea subsidiaries into branches : Nordic interconnectedness increases
Usefulness of banks’ financial reports in a time of crisis: evidence from corporate customers of banks in Finland
Why are euro area banks' credit standards still tight?
Managing bank capital : capital allocation and performance measurement
Lloyds Bank in the history of English banking
Quarterly review
Nordic stock market integration
How should the countercyclical capital buffer requirement be applied?
The second banking directive and the general good clause : a major exception to the freedom to provide services?
The big short : inside the doomsday machine
Bank managers' agendas : thoughts and actions in a crisis situation
Stochastic dynamic optimization models in the banking sector
Banking on flexibility : a comparison of flexible employment in retail banking in Britain and France
Unitas : quarterly review illustrating trade conditions in Finland
Housing loan risk weights affect banks' capital adequacy
An Evaluation of the Effect of Merger and Acquisition on the Performance of Nigeria Banking Sector : Case: United Bank of Africa, PLC
Rethinking bank regulation : till angels govern
The role of relationship marketing as a tool for growth in Ghanaian banking sector . (Case of HFC bank Ghana)
Deposit insurance scheme and a comparison of it's features concerning likelihood of banking crises
Bank-corporate client "partnership" relationship : strategy, benefits, and life cycle
Chorley & Smart : Leading cases in the law of banking
Achievements and challenges of microfinance institution in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia
Successful Finnish Banking Performance in Global Financial Crisis : Comparative study of British bank, Northern Rock against the Finnish banking sector
Competitive strategies in european banking
Financial statement statistics on credit institutions
Investment banking : valuation, leveraged buyouts, and mergers & acquisitions
Evaluating the efficiency of accounting recording for doubtful and bad debts : case study: Unity Co-operative Sociey (UNICS) Cameroon
Financial disclosure by banks : proceedings of an UNCTAD forum
Interest rates and loan portfolio performance in commercial banks: a case study of Centenary Bank Entebbe Road Branch Uganda
THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN LOCAL AND FOREIGN BANKS USING INTERNATIONAL ACCOUNTING STANDARD AND STATEMENT OF ACCOUNTING STANDARD: Case of Nigeria Banks
A model of banking competition : Finnish experiences during the deregulation of financial markets
Framework for the economic and financial appraisal of urban development sector projects : a reference guide for bank staff, consultants and executing agencies
Putting "value adding" on the agenda - the Nordea way
Developments in the Russian Banking Sector in 1992-1993
Dynamics of international banking
Trust as a strategy for handling uncertainty in private savings choices
Foreign divestment decisions in banking : case Nordea in Poland
Credit risk management in banking industry : Case study: Joint Stock Commercial Bank for Foreign Trade of Vietnam
Management and people in banking
Paget's Law of banking
On equilibrium effects of interest rate controls in a monopolistic banking system
Monetary financial institutions : annual review
Bank in a pocket : approaches to design problems of a mobile banking service
The 1998 financial meltdown brought to public attention the vulnerability of Russias banking sector, which was severely hit by the crisis.The Russian government and the CBR (Central Bank of Russia) acted in a timely manner in setting up a basic intervention plan for the rapid restoration of solvency.Unfortunately, these measures were not followed by a correction of the real problems behind the crisis.The Central Bank and the Russian government failed to exploit a unique chance to carry out significant reforms in the financial sector, leaving unresolved many of the flaws that afflicted Russian banks before the crisis.This paper reconstructs the events surrounding the Russian financial crisis and evaluates the subsequent rescue of the banking sector. .
Speeding in the slow lane : process of organizational change 1983-1993 in a Finnish bank
City of thieves
Evaluation of Credit Risk Management Policies and Practices in a Vietnamese Joint-Stock Commercial Bank's Transaction Office
Integrating user feedback management, information system and new service development : case E-banking service
ICT outsourcing and corporate strategy : case: Finnish banking industry
The directive
Consumer behaviour of credit card users-case: Bank of China
Money and Banking Statistics : annual review
The tyrant's law
Swimming with sharks : my journey into the world of the bankers
Productive efficiency in Finnish local banking during 1985-90
Commercial bank financial management : in the financial-services industry
The victim
The consequences of a banking crisis could be exceptionally severe in Finland's concentrated banking system. Regulatory means must therefore be deployed to ensure the capital adequacy and liquidity of Finnish banks remain strong under all circumstances..
Investment funds : Annual Review
Crowdfunding in the banking industry : adjusting to a digital era
The relationship between the issuing bank and the beneficiary under a commercial letter of credit
Merita Nordbanken news : The Merita Nordbanken staff newsletter
The countercyclical capital buffer requirement is one of the new macroprudential instruments that will come into use in Finland. It enables the strengthening of the banking sector's resilience to systemic risks resulting from excessive credit growth. In setting the requirement, strong emphasis should be placed on a small range of indicators to be selected, defined and published in advance. In contrast, reducing or releasing the buffer should primarily be based on judgment by the relevant authorities..
CUSTOMER OPINIONS ON BANK SERVICES IN CHINA CONSTRUCTION BANK
Overnight market interest rates and banks' demand for reserves in Finland
Banking and monetary policy in Eastern Europe
Markets, reserves and lenders of last resort as sources of bank liquidity
Visualization of financial planning models : the case of MCDM in commercial banking
Foreign exchange intervention : theory and evidence
Research newsletter
Management of interest rate risk by financial institutions
Increasing the Amount of Younger Customers
Annual review
The capital requirements for banks were revised recently to improve the financial system's resilience to shocks. What remains is the finalisation of the reforms and the specification of implementation. The assessment and monitoring of the overall impact of regulation is important to ensure fair competition between banks and the financial system's ability to support sustainable economic growth..
The bank of Lithuania : annual report 1996.
The Impact of a Robust Quality System on a Bank's Customer Satisfaction Levels : a Research Study for Lammin Osuuspankki
Implementation of e-banking in Vietnam : motivations and challenges - case Company A
Values as tools of management : case: new values of Nordea Bank
Banking : an industry in structural decline : searching for new strategies
International Financial Reporting Standards effects on Banks in Vietnam
Process quality in the Trade Finance unit from the perspective of corporate banking employees
The inside job
The role of telecommunication on banking services in Ghana
Competition in Finnish banking : two tests
Deposit insurance, capital constraints, and risk taking by banks
Essays on credit contagion and shocks in banking
Risk and governance : a framework for banking organisations
Swedish summary.
What caused the Icelandic banking crisis?
Fraud Risk Assessment Plan for Barclays Bank of Kenya
Investment services in Sampo Bank Oyj Pieksämäki branch
The interrelatedness of environment technology and structure : a study of differentiation and integration in banking
Abstract: How has the usefulness of financial reports fared through the financial crisis? This is the question that this research aims to answer. This research will discuss the characteristics of useful financial reports, how they have come under question during the financial crisis and what remedies can be implemented. The research presents a survey of 30 employees of corporate customers of banks in Finland and discusses their views of how the usefulness of financial reports has fared in the financial crisis.
Bank loan pricing : evidence from Finnish savings banks in 1987-1992
World Bank and the case for privatisation : development in Peru in the 1990s
Reform of bank capital regulation enters final phase
Strategic Marketing Plan for Huishang Bank in Anhui Province
Lending to households and non-financial corporations has been sluggish and credit standards have continued to be tight in many euro area countries. In June 2014, the Governing Council of the ECB decided to support bank lending to the corporate sector by pledging to commence a series of targeted longer-term refinancing operations. Although the significance of the banking sector in the transmission of monetary policy to the real economy is considerable, the factors behind changes in banks' credit standards in the euro area have not been empirically analysed. With the help of the ECB's Bank Lending Survey, a survey of bank lending and credit demand in the euro area, this article examines to what extent the changes in the terms of credit for corporate loans are due to supply and demand factors, how the size of a company applying for credit affects the terms applied and how the situation in stressed countries differs from that in other euro area countries..
Swimming with sharks : inside the world of the bankers
Management of bank loans to small firms in a market with asymmetric information : an integrated concept
Development of local banking in Japan : period of development of industrial capitalism
Non-cash payments : Role of the banking sector in non-cash payments settlement: Case of CIBANK
During spring and summer 2001, the Bank of Finland's Institute for Economies in Transition (BOFIT) surveyed readers of its publication series for their opinions, particularly as to quality, frequency and content.The survey was based on a questionnaire distributed to subscribers selected at random by mail or email.The form of questionnaire sent out reflected how the reader normally received his or her BOFIT publications.The study excluded occasional discussion papers and scientific articles, and focused on BOFIT's regular publications:  Idäntalouksien viikko (in Finnish) Russian Economy - The Month in Review Russian & Baltic Economies - The Week in Review Baltic Economies - The Quarter in Review Key words: Idäntalouksien viikko (in Finnish), Russian Economy - The Month in Review, Russian & Baltic Economies - The Week in Review, Baltic Economies - The Quarter in Review .
The adverse selection problem in imperfectly competitive credit markets
Structural changes in banking have created space for new players on the financial markets. Weak economic growth, regulation, search for yield and technical innovations have facilitated growth in shadow banking. Even though the diversification of funding channels is to be welcomed, the growth of shadow banking entails risks that must be monitored. In Finland, the volume of shadow banking is small by international comparison..
CSR in the Finnish banking industry
The Financial Crisis in Europe and United States 2007-2010
Banks, finance and investment in Germany
The banking sector rescue in Russia
How the company brand is delivered after rebranding?
An empirical study on bank lending in Finland
Liquidity regulation makes a comeback
Structural changes in banking have paved the way for shadow banks
Financial system risk resilience and structural risks
Risk, efficiency, and regulation of banks
Theoretical studies in Islamic banking and finance
Market structure in banking and debt-financed project risks
Comparative Study of CRM Between Sampo Bank Varkaus and Bank of China Lujiang Branch
The Basel III regulatory framework involves the introduction of the first internationally harmonised regulations on banking liquidity. The new regulations are largely a consequence of the storms experienced on the financial markets in recent years. In autumn 2008, a lot of banks found themselves in liquidity difficulties, when the markets for many securities and financial contracts previously considered liquid ground to a halt. The point of the new regulations is to force banks to protect themselves from these types of problems. This article presents the background to the liquidity reform and assesses liquidity regulation with the aid of theoretical economic models..
Social Responsibility as Displacement of Capitalism: Evidences from Banks in Brazil
Bank strategic planning process : "mission, swot analysis, and market segmentation"
High housing debt increases risks to financial stability
Electronic banking in Finland : consumer beliefs, attitudes, intentions and behaviors
Achieving growth by attracting customers for Nordea Hämeenkyrö-Kyröskoski
1994 banking law and regulation : statutory supplement with recent cases and developments
Re-designing banking services : "concepts, issues and bank-company relationships"
The new banking landscape in Central and Eastern Europe : country experience and policies for the future
European banking law : an analysis of community and member state legislation
Two targets, one instrument: Steering interest rates and preserving financial stability with Eurosystem credit operations
Finland's Balance of Payments
When genius failed : the rise and fall of long-term capital management
Development of a tool for measuring user experience of customers of Nordea's Internet Bank
Financial inclusion in Spain : a comparative study among banks, savings banks and cooperative banks
The payment system : design, management and supervision
