http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11017 natural sites
natural sites
Abstract.
Vegetation of wetland forests in Latvia : a synopsis
Understorey vegetation in fresh and Herb-Rich upland forests in South-west Lapland
Variation between cloudberries (Rubus chamaemorus L.) in different habitats
Diversity of ground vegetation in managed boreal forests in relation to the properties of the tree stand and site
Population biology of threatened vascular plants in Finland-some case studies
Discoloration of Silver Birch (Betula pendula) Wood Induced by Kiln Drying and  Hydrogen Peroxide Bleaching
Plant and vegetation management in Viidumäe Nature Reserve, Estonia
Umbrella companies in Europe - a study on their growth behaviors and job-creation : an explorative study of all companies in Sweden, France and United Kingdom who offers Umbrella Employment, Portage Salarial, Egenanställning
A biophysical model for estimating site index for the major commercial tree species in British Columbia
Wild flowers
CRC handbook of flowering. Vol. 3
Protection of treatened vascular plants in Finland
Role of substrate on the dendroclimatic response of Scots pine from varying elevations in northern Scotland
Changes in the invasion level, and impact of alien plants in Finnish semi-natural agricultural habitats
Land capability for forestry in Western Scotland : including part of sheet 2(outer Hebrides) at a reduced scale
Growth models for young stands : development and evaluation of growth models for commercial forests in Sweden
Development of the production and biomass structure of Scots pine : effects of competition, tree age and site fertility
Spatial modelling in forest ecology and management : a case study
Summary (s. 8).
The secret life of trees : how they live and why they matter
Atlas of British and Irish brambles : a phytogeographical analysis of microspecies of Rubus sect. Rubus & sect. Corylifolii
Conifer growth variability during the Holocene in northern Europe : proceedings of the meeting in Lund, Sweden 16-19 March, 2000
Understorey vegetation as an indicator of forest site potential in Southern Finland
Wild flowers of Britain and Europe
Evolution of seed attributes, dispersal and population dynamics of plants, with special emphasis on fragmented habitats
Modeling forest trees and stands
Effects of seed properties and environment on seeding emergence and early establishment of Pinus sylvestris L. after direct seedling
Satellite image aided forest site fertility estimation for forest income taxation
Excursion guide for the 6th IMCG Field Symposium in Norway 1994
The role of ICT and high-growth firms : micro-level evidence on job creation and productivity growth
An analysis of succesful natural regeneration of Downy and silver birch on abandoned farmland in Sweden
Relations between esker morphology, ecological factors and vegetation in the Hämeenkangas interlobate complex, Western Finland
Land capability for forestry in Western Scotland : including the Outer Hebrides
Monitoring of threatened vascular plants in Estonia
Site classification in estimation of fertilization effects on drained mires
Rainforests
Variation in needle retention of Scots pine in relation to leaf morphology, nitrogen conservation and tree age
Using dataset of 508 transects of 50 m², we assessed changes in the invasion level of alien plant species in semi-natural agricultural habitats in three study years (2001, 2005 and 2010) in four geographical regions of Finland. In addition, the impact of environmental factors on the occurrence of the most common neophytes (alien species introduced after the 17th century) and the impact of neophytes on native species diversity were studied. In total, 37 neophyte species were detected, but neophytes regarded as highly invasive were rare and occasional. We detected spatio-temporal variation in the invasion level, but it changed according to the measure used. For instance, alien species diversity was lower in south-western Finland than in other years in 2005, and the relative alien species richness was highest in southern and lowest in eastern Finland. Preferences for environmental conditions (disturbance, habitat type and geographical location) and the impact on plant diversity varied among the most common neophytes. The most common neophytes were positively rather than negatively associated with native and alien species diversity. The results suggest that alien species management and control methods should be species-specific and considered case-by-case. Neophytes do not yet cause severe problems, but regular monitoring is needed to detect changes in their invasion levels.
Planting of birch (Betula pendula Roth.) on former agricultural fields, with emphasis on seedling quality, light quality and competition
Spectral reflectance as an indicator of ground vegetation and soil properties in northern Finland
Kasvupaikkaluokituksen tutkijaseminaari, Vantaa 27.10.1994 = Workshop of forest site classification
Inorganic and organic phosphorus fractions in peat from drained mires in northern Finland
Foliar nitrogen, phosphorus and potassium concentrations of Scots pine in drained mires in Finland
Franchising as a Potential Growth Strategy for a Small Business : A Case of Sam-Chi Fast Food Restaurant
Towards a European habitat classification : background review 1989-1995
High growth firms and job creation in Finland
The ecological classification of sorted forest soils of varying genesis in Northern Finland = Syntytavaltaan erilaisten lajittuneiden kangasmetsämaiden ekologinen luokittelu Pohjois-Suomessa
Height growth, site index, and carbon metabolism
Global forest : 40 ways trees can save us
Exploitation of environmental heterogeneity by plants : ecophysiological processes above- and belowground
Land capability for forestry in South-West Scotland
Evaluation of importance of sapwood senescence on tree growth using the model lignum
Genetic background of HDL-cholesterol and atherosclerosis:linkage and case-control studies in the Northern Finnish population
Land capability for forestry in South-West Scotland. Scale 1:250000
Spatial aspects of forest and forest soil management
Soil hydrological properties and conditions, site preparation, and the long-term performance of planted Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) on upland forest sites in Finnish Lapland
Modelling the abundance and temporal variation in the production of bilberry (Vaccinium myrtillus L.) in Finnish mineral soil forests
Electrical and hydraulic classification of forest till soils in Central Lapland, Finland
Effect of different treatments on the seed bank of grazed and ungrazed Baltic seashore meadows
Collins flower guide
Topographic, microclimatic and edaphic control of the vegetation in the central part of the Hämeenkangas esker complex, western Finland
Notes on the macromycetes of finnish Lapland and adjacent Finnmark
The Random House book of early perennials. Vol. 1, Early perennials
Site quality curves for birch stands in north-western Spain
Site characteristics of Scots pine stands infected by Gremmeniella abietina in central Finland. I: Mineral soil sites
Atlantic salmon abundance and size track climate regimes in the Baltic Sea
Lichens of Finland
Studies of unifloral honeys are rare in Finland, and thus there are no common traits accepted for their characterization. In our study lingonberry and mire were characterized. The physico-chemical, organoleptic and melissopalynological properties and phenolic composition of the honeys were analysed and the floral origin of the mire honey was considered. Lingonberry honey is reddish and has a flavour of toffee, whereas mire honey has very strong aroma and reddish colour. Both honeys have high electrical conductivity and pH when compared to Finnish polyfloral honeys. They are both rich in fructose, while the number of disaccharides in lingonberry honey is four and in mire honey six. Lingonberry honey has three unifloral specific phenolic compounds. Mire honey has no unifloral-specific phenolic compounds, and its floral origin is not clearly defined.
Forest site evaluation in Lapland
Conservation, monitoring and management of threatened vascular plants and their habitats : presentations from an Estonian and Finnish natur conservation seminar in Helsinki 17th-18th April, 1996
Assessing the accuracy with which the LAI-2000 plant canopy analyzer detects changes in leaf area index in Norway spruce (Picea abeas) stands
Wood quality of Norway spruce grown in mixture with birch and in monoculture
The Random House book of early perennials. Vol. 2, Late perennials
An ecological study of upland forest site classification in Southern Finland
The effect of seedling, site, and silviculture factors on vole damage to seedling stands in Päijät-Häme, Finland, during winter 2008/09
List of vegetation types and land forms in the Nordic countries with the plant species of the vegetation types in Latin, the Nordic languages and English
500 essential container plants : window boxes, balconies, patios
Sugars, acids and phenolic compounds in currants and sea buckthorn in relation to the effects of environmental factors
Soil and vegetation systems
The Royal Horticultural Society encyclopedia of plants and flowers
Microbial activities in soils under Scots pine, Norway spruce and silver birch
Summary.
Growth and management of Terminalia amazonia in small-farm plantations in southern Costa Rica
Forest site evaluation and long-term productivity
Population studies of native orchids in Estonia
Ecology and management of coppice woodlands
Should I stay or should I go? : reproductive and dispersal strategies of site-specific liverwort species
Managing Natura 2000 sites : the provisions of article 6 of the 'Habitats' directive 92/43/EEC
Conifer growth variability during the Holocene in Northern Europe : proceedings of the meeting in Lund, Sweden 16-19 March, 2000
Canopy stratification in peatland forests in Finland
Indicator plants of coastal British Columbia
L*a*b* (CIELAB) color measurement and analysis of methanol soluble extractives from secondary xylem of silver birch (B. pendula) as a function of growing site, felling season, location in the stem, storage time and drying mode
Geigy scientific tables. Vol. 6, Bacteria, Fungi, Protozoa, Helminths
Determining boreal clearcut object properties and characteristics for identification purposes
Characterisation of two unique unifloral honeys from the boreal coniferous zone : lingonberry and mire honeys
Differences in stand characteristics between brook-side key habitats and managed forests in southern Finland
Reproduction of Viola mirabilis in relation to light and nutrient availability
An ecological study of upland forest site classification in southern Finland
Garry Oak (Quercus garryana) plant communities in British Columbia : a guide to identification
Vegetation and soil of the wooded meadows in Nåtö, Åland
The forager handbook : a guide to the Edible Plants of Britain
Fertility of surface peat in relation to the site type and potential stand growth
