http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11079 plastic pipes
plastic pipes
Multiple layer structures - a case study of district heating and chemical resistant pipes
Electrically conductive polymeric materials through polymerization and compatibilization
Dimensioning of electrofusion stub ends for pressure pipes
Tiivistelmä: Fracture toughness of PVC-U pipe fittings in above ground systems.
Plastic pipe use in hybrid scrubbers
Fracture toughness of PVC-U pipe fittings in above ground systems
WehoAntistatic
Compact haul-off
Production optimization in the plastic pipe industry
Viemäreiden sisäpuoliset saneerausmenetelmät = Renovation of drains and sewers with no-dig methods
Uponor : years 1918 to 2008
Simulation study of extrusion processes
The International Maritime Organization IMO, adopted the Annex VI, Prevention of Air Pollution from Ships in October 2008. The changes for allowable emissions are based on MARPOL 73/78 Convention, and one of the SOx limits will come in to force at the beginning of year 2015. One of the possibilities to reduce sulfur emissions is an exhaust gas scrubber. In this thesis the possibilities to use plastic pipes in exhaust gas scrubbers was researched. The issue was an interest of Wärtsilä, whose intention is to make the installation and operation of scrubbers as easy, fast and economically effective as possible for ship owners. The major reason for seeking alternative pipe materials is the sensitivity for steel pipes to have problems due the corrosion. The installation time of the piping should be short in vessels which are already in operation, which is creating timetable pressures and therefore there is a need for find materials which can be installed as fast as possible. The ship as industrial environment differs from normal industrial factory in terms of the demands of rules and regulations. The regulations are originally based on international organization IMOŽs regulations, which are dispensed by classification societies. In this thesis suitable plastic pipe materials for sulfur scrubbers were researched. Special attention was given to finding out how the materials fulfill the regulations, and how the regulations are limiting the choice of pipes. During the thesis work several interesting facts were found, as well as suitable and not allowed materials. Information was available extensively, because several projects were ongoing with different shipyards and different ship owners. The goal of the thesis was reached, suitable plastic pipes and also many alternative materials were found in case that plastic pipe was not available for needed dimension and pipeline properties.The goal of the thesis was reached, suitable plastic pipes and also many alternative materials were found in case that plastic pipe was not available for needed dimension and pipeline properties. Long experience helped the thesis writing and finding information and suitable persons, but it made also some personally simple issues difficult to explain.
Experimental evaluation of the long-term strength of reinforced plastic (GRP) pipes
