http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11009 manuscripts
manuscripts
Creative screenwriting : [a practical guide]
The greatest books you'll never read
Musical autographs from Monteverdi to Hindemith. Volume 2
Medieval rural life : in the Luttrell psalter
Fade in : the screenwriting process
Playwriting : from page to stage
Index of English literary manuscripts. Vol. 3, 1700-1800, pt. 3: Alexander Pope-Sir Richard Steele, with a first-line index to parts 1-3
Death in the Latin Quarter
The Joshua roll : a work of the Macedonian Renaissance
The grave tattoo
The art of dramatic writing  : its basis in the creative interpretation of human motives
Index of English literary manuscripts. Vol. 2, 1625-1700, pt. 2: Lee-Wycherley
Rethinking the past - looking to the future : proceedings of the ninth joint meeting of Bulgarian and North American scholars, Eugene, Oregon, May 31-June 1, 2012
The Archimedes codex : revealing the secrets of the world's greatest palimpsest
A discovery of witches
Tales from the script : 50 Hollywood Screenwriters share their stories
Ku lian = Unrequited love : Pai Hua's cinematic script, Unrequited love with related introductory materials
Script supervising and film continuity
The digital filmmaking handbook
Icelandic illuminated manuscripts of the Middle Ages
Comic book design : [the essential guide to designing great comics and graphic novels]
Haboring secret preoccupations with a magical land he read about in a childhood fantasy series, Quentin Coldwater is unexpectedly admitted into an exclusive college of magic and rigorously educated in modern sorcery.
A masterpiece reconstructed : the Hours of Louis XII
Film scriptwriting : a practical manual
Fantastic beasts and where to find them : the original screenplay
The Conservation and Preservation of Islamic Manuscripts : Proceedings of The Third Conference of Al-Furqan Islamic Heritage Foundation 18th-19th Nivember 1995.
Mary Shelley's Frankenstein : the classic tale of terror reborn on film
The user's journey : storymapping products that people love
The elements of screenwriting : a guide for film and television writers
The prophecy
Romantic screenplays 101
The technique of screen & television writing
Manuscripts and texts : editorial problems in later middle English literature : essays from the 1985 conference at the University of York : (Third conference on Fifteenth-century manuscripts and editing, York 1985)
Star Wars : the annotated screenplays
Catalogue of forty-two manuscripts of the 7th to the 17th century
The illuminated manuscript
Double indemnity
The testament of William S.
Preachers in the Vadstena collection
Screenwriting for film and television
Fiddler on the roof
Some Buddhist fragments from Chinese Turkestan in Sanskrit and "Khotanese"
The Arabic version of Tusi's Nasirean Ethics : with an introduction and explanatory notes
The rat trap : (Elippathayam)
Real gold : treasures of Auckland City Libraries
Treasures in heaven : Armenian illuminated manuscripts
MagicImage Filmbooks presents Creature from the Black Lagoon
Into the woods : a five-act journey into story
Alexander Bessonov's Čeremissko-Russkij slovar' of the second half of the 19th century
Jane Austen : her life, her times, her novels
Catalogue on vellum, paper and linen of the 3rd century B.C. to the 17th century A.D
Karelian kantele improvisation in the light of the 19th century manuscripts
The stories behind the scenes of the great film epics
Interaction on the Page : Paratexts in two manuscripts of the Middle English Polychronicon
The sitcom workshop : a step by step guide to writing television situation comedy
Downton Abbey : the complete scripts. Season two
How to write and sell film stories
Descriptive catalogue of manuscripts = [Catalogue descriptif des manuscrits]. 3, Mss. 276-375
Ambrosian fragments of an illuminated manuscript containing the zoology of al-Ǧāhiz : twenty-four facsimile plates
Screenwriting
Index of English literary manuscripts. Vol. 1, 1450-1625, pt. 1: Andrewes-Donne
Index of English literary manuscripts. Vol. 3, 1700-1800, pt. 4: Laurence Sterne-Edward Young, with a first-line index to parts 1-4
The illustrated history of antiques : the essential reference for all antique lovers and collectors
Finnish summary.
Worldwide survey of Islamic manuscripts : inaugural volume
TRISTAN AND ISOLDE FROM A MANUSCRIPT OF..
Our Bible and the ancient manuscripts
The U version of Snorra Edda
Guide to the exhibited manuscripts part III : illuminated manuscripts and bindings of manuscripts exhibited in The Greenville Library
The tenth chamber
Branches of manuscripts : a personal case study of the Firkovich collections in the National Library of Russia
Take up my cross..
The eighth day and Toto the hero
Romanesque illuminated manuscripts
The source
Adam's rib
The baby Mâcon
Writing the script : a practical guide for films and television
Writing comedy : a guide to scriptwriting for TV, radio, film and stage
Words of power : studies in Rabbinic authority and literature
The Cairo Genizot and other sources of the Second Firkovich Collection in St. Petersburg
An approach to screenwriting for the feature film : 4 lectures
"This book studies everyday writing practices among ordinary people in a poor rural society in the 19th and early 20th centuries. Using the abundance of handwritten material produced, disseminated and consumed some centuries after the advent of print as its research material, the book's focus is on its day-to-day usage and on 'minor knowledge,' i.e., text matter originating and rooted primarily in the everyday life of the peasantry"--Provided by publisher.
Directing the story : professional storytelling and storyboarding techniques for live action and animation
The magicians : a novel
Catalogue of manuscripts on papyrus, vellum and paper of the 7th century to the 18th century
Catalogue of manuscripts on vellum, paper and papyrus of the 4th to the 17th century
V for vendetta : from script to film
Younger Icelandic manuscripts and Old Norse studies
Illuminated manuscripts
The golden age of English manuscript painting : 1200 - 1500
So you want to be a screenwriter : how to face the fears and take the risks
Make an animation!
Minor knowledge and microhistory : manuscript culture in the nineteenth century
Rashomon : a film by Akira Kurosawa from the filmscript by Akira Kurosawa and Shinobu Hashimoto.  Consulting editor: Donald Richie
The golden age : manuscript painting at the time of Jean, Duc de Berry
Fiddler on the roof : based on Sholom Aleichem' s stories
The sequence of English Medieval art : illustrated chiefly from illuminated MSS, 650-1450
Index of English literary manuscripts. Vol. 4, 1800-1900, pt. 3: Landor-Patmore
Descriptive catalogue of manuscripts = Catalogue descriptif des manuscrits. 2, Mss. 116-275
The Lichfield gospels
Sur plusieur beaux sujects : Wallace Stevens' Commonplace book : a facsimile and transcription
Five screenplays
Indic manuscripts and Chinese blockprints : (non-Chinese texts) of the Oriental collection of the Australian National University Library
Jean Sibelius's works for mixed choir : a source study
Catalogue of medieval manuscript fragments in the Helsinki University Library : Fragmenta membranea. 4:1, Antiphonaria : text
Descriptive catalogue of manuscripts = [Catalogue descriptif des manuscrits]. 4, Mss. 376-475
Preliminary descriptions of the manuscript and printed fragments in Kulturparken Småland, Växjö
Catalogue of manuscripts on papyrus, vellum and paper of the 13th century B.C. to the 18th century A.D
Promise : how an inspired screenplay became a movie
In Venice, a boating accident leads to the discovery of a 400 year old text bearing the signature ‘W.S.’ and promising the truth about the ‘Shakespeare mystery’. That very night, someone tries unsuccessfully to steal the precious document. The discoverer, Marquis Stefano Da Spiri, decides to send a copy of the document to a specialist of the Bard in London for stylistic authentication. As for the original, he entrusts it to an old comrade in arms from WW2: Captain Francis Blake…
The look of love : romantic illustration through the ages
The twilight saga : the complete film archive : memories, mementos and other treasures from the creative team behind the beloved motion pictures
A Fairy Tale, Op. 7 N:o 3
Exile in colonial Asia : kings, convicts, commemoration
Index of English literary manuscripts. Vol. 4, 1800-1900, pt. 2: Hardy-Lamb
How to write for animation
Great books and book collectors
Elements of style for screenwriters
Prince of stories : the many worlds of Neil Gaiman
Illuminated manuscripts in Cambridge : a catalogue of western book illumination in the Fitzwilliam Museum and the Cambridge colleges. Part 1, [The lower countries : Germany, Bohemia, Austria, Hungary]
Turun yliopiston kansatieteen laitoksen käsikirjoitusarkiston luettelo = Catalogue of the archives of manuscripts. 1, (KTL 1-530)
This one-stop digital filmmaking resource will guide you from your initial idea to getting your finished project "in the can." It will show you how to create shots and effects that are rarely associated with low-budget productions. In addition there's a special new chapter on shooting your indie film with a DSLR and an advanced discussion on finishing your film for digital cinema projection / from companion website
Five screenplays : The Servant, The Pumpkin eater, The Quiller memorandum, Accident, The Go-Between
Codex Regius of the Elder Edda : MS no. 2365 4to in the old Royal Collection in the Royal Library of Copenhagen
Writing the short film
The last Dickens  : a novel
Reinventing the story : inventions in the film adaptation The green mile by Frank Darabont
Screen writings : scripts and texts by independent filmmakers
Screenwriting secrets in genre film
Writing for visual media
The manuscripts of early Norman England (c. 1066-1130)
Script analysis for actors, directors, and designers
The index of Middle English prose. Handlist 11, Manuscripts in the Library of Trinity College, Cambridge
Screenplay : the foundations of screenwriting
The truth about the Harry Quebert affair
The hurt locker : the shooting script
Mathurā inscriptions
The art and science of screenwriting
How to write and sell short stories
The Midas code
Astrological prognostications in MS Beinecke 558 : "Sonday prime drye wether"
Straight up
Studies in Arabic literary papyri. 2, Qur'ānic commentary and tradition
Art, liturgy, and legend in renaissance Toledo : the Mendoza and the Iglesia primada
Scripts : writing for radio and television
A matter of interpretation : ideas of the Genesis B miniatures
Preserving archives and manuscripts
The gnostic gospels
Pulp fiction : three stories... about one story..
Manuscripta orientalia : international journal for oriental manuscript research
Writing a play
The lost gospel : decoding the ancient text that reveals Jesus' marriage to Mary the Magdalene
The Sense and Sensibility : screenplay & diaries : bringing Jane Austen's novel to film
Short films : writing the screenplay
"Like a good story, successful design is a series of engaging moments structured over time. The User's Journey will show you how, when, and why to use narrative structure, technique, and principles to ideate, craft, and test a cohesive vision for an engaging outcome. See how a 'story first' approach can transform your product, feature, landing page, flow, campaign, content, or product strategy."
The last bookaneer
Making a good script great
Notations
Renaissance manuscripts : the sixteenth century. Volume two, Catalogue & index
Arabic Script among China's Muslims: A Dongxiang folk story
The battleship Potemkin
Index of English literary manuscripts. Vol. 4, 1800-1900, pt. 1: Arnold-Gissing
The understructure of writing for film & television
The case of the missing Brontë
Harry Potter and the cursed child. Parts one and two
Raindance writers' lab: write + sell the hot screenplay
The Medici secret
Chess : The making of a musical
Nepalese manuscripts. Part 1, Nevārī and Sanskrit, Staatsbibliothek preussischer Kulturbesitz, Berlin
Conservation of manuscripts and paintings of South-East Asia
The cook, the thief, his wife and her lover
Latin manuscript books before 1600 : a list of the printed catalogues and unpublished inventories of extant collections
The Manchurian candidate
Index of English literary manuscripts. Vol. 3, 1700-1800, pt. 2: John Gay-Ambrose Philips, with a first-line index to parts 1 and 2
The Zand ī Wahman Yasn : a Zoroastrian apocalypse
The labyrinth of dreaming books : a novel from Zamonia by Optimus Yarnspinner
Elements of film
The burglar who counted the spoons : a Bernie Rhodenbarr mystery
The lost island
A possible source for a medieval Icelandic astronomical manuscript on the basis of pictorial evidence
The Anglo-Saxon chronicle : a collaborative edition. [Vol. 1], Facsimile of MS. F: The Domitian bilingual
A catalogue of Handel's musical autographs
The art of the Matrix
The magicians
The valley of unknowing
Writing for television and radio
Sacred treason
The Manchurian candi[d]ate
The city of dreaming books :  novel from Zamonia by Optimus Yarnspinner
