http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11014 tenant farms
tenant farms
This thesis is a product-oriented case study commissioned by the cluster of three Hilton  Hotels in Helsinki Region. The aim of the thesis is to develop guidelines on how to most  effectively implement the job induction program at the three said properties. At the same  time, believing in personalisation as an increasingly influential megatrend in society, the  author of this thesis would like to test its need and practicality in this case study. A qualitative  field research was then carried out to collect reality data for the case study.  The theoretical frame of references for this case study first starts with a broad literature  review on the nature of service, different models of service quality and usage of service  standards. Then organisational culture and its various levels are explored with emphasis  on Finnish organisational culture – an important aspect of this case study. In addition,  the author goes on to discuss personalisation as a megatrend and practices of personalisation  in working environment. Finally, the framework explains different important aspects  of a job induction process and conducting methods involved in. These theories  reasonably show a potential for application of personalisation in the case study.  The field research was done with group interviews to find out perceptions of recently  new-hires at the said properties about the effectiveness of the job induction program  they received. There were a total of eight respondents, from whom the data were collected  for analysis. Findings show that there is an inconsistency in quality of the induction  program in three properties under research, and there are certain areas to be improved  on such as level of guidance of supervisor, and design of the e-learning program.  These findings were taken into account and combined with conclusion from the theoretical  frame of reference in order to define important factors and suggestions for the  guidelines. The guidelines, which are also attached at the end of this report, provide advices  for management on usage of personnel, key success elements, as well as a set of  responsibility checklists, and advices on scheduling the induction trainings
Personalised implementation of a job induction program : case Front Office Department at the three Hilton hotels in Helsinki
