http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11099 risks
risks
Better preparations required for disruptions in basic banking services
The foreseeable tightening of bank capital requirements will only marginally add to bank costs and, by extension, to loan margins. The other side of the coin is that the most important tool at the disposal of the Financial Supervisory Authority for preventing threats to stability from excessive credit growth - the countercyclical capital buffer requirement - may turn out to be a more ineffective macroprudential instrument than hoped for. Regulation of minimum risk weights for housing loans is likely to be a more effective tool for reining in excessive growth in lending for house purchase..
Hazards due to comets and asteroids
Subjective conceptions of uncertainty and risk
Interest rate risk management of the industrial company : case: Valmet Corporation
Cross-section of abnormal stock returns : an empirical analysis on initial public offering firms
Perceived and measured risk : an empirical analysis
Comparing children, families and risks
A comparison of value-at-risk approaches using a Finnish equity portfolio
Russian critical infrastructures : vulnerabilities and policies
The murderer's daughter : a novel
Regional divergence is a strong feature of the Finnish housing market and household debt. House prices are higher in growth centres than in the rest of the country, and households in growth centres also have more housing debt both in absolute terms and relative to their income. In the long term, the mutually reinforcing cycles and vulnerabilities in housing and credit markets could turn out to be detrimental to financial stability and the macroeconomy..
Weaker-than-expected developments in the global economy would erode Finland's export-driven growth. On the other hand, a more prolonged period of low commodity prices and the positive effects of accommodative monetary policy on the real economy could provide a further boost to growth. In Finland, the necessary consolidation measures will reduce domestic demand over the short term but may support growth over the longer term..
In this paper we provide an overview of the growth model in China and its prospects, taking a medium-run to long-run perspective. Our main conclusions are as follows. First, the still prevailing producer-biased model of managed capitalism in China tends to engender, as an inherent byproduct, serious imbalances which cannot be unwound without a fundamental overhaul of the model itself. Second, given the lack of a critical mass of economic reforms thus far, imbalances may (re-)escalate once global and domestic economic conditions normalise. Third, the fundamental factors underpinning growth in China are likely to remain supportive, at least over the medium run. Although this could help mitigate the economic costs of imbalances for some time to come, it could also reduce the incentives for policy-makers to enact much needed reforms. Fourth, delayed policy action and the persistence of the model of growth cum imbalances would increase the risk of China getting caught in the middle-income trap in the long run. Greater political will to redirect China's growth model towards a more sustainable path is therefore needed.  JEL codes: E21, E22, E25, F14, F43, O11, O53. Keywords: economic growth, rebalancing, China, imbalances, middle-income trap. .
Deposit insurance, capital constraints, and risk taking by banks
Effective Project Risk management in Micro Companies : Case study for Persona Optima Iceland ehf.
Project management disasters & how to survive them
This paper presents the results of an analytical project on the methodology for assessing and monitoring anti-crisis measures taken by the government of the RF. The paper is based on an analysis of about 100 measures in support of Russia.s real economy that were initiated in October 2008 . March 2009. Within the scope of this analysis, we singled out the main beneficiaries by industry and the size of enterprise, and estimated the effects of the measures underway in the crisis phase and in the phase of a return to economic growth. The paper also gives an account of the major risks the Russian government will face in putting into practice the measures supporting the real economy, and reveals the key problems and inconsistencies of the anti-crisis program. Key words: Russia, anti-crisis measures, economic policy, state subsidies, fiscal policy..
A guide to managing interest-rate risk
Youth at risk : A Prevention Resource for Counselors, Teachers, and Parents
Risk acceptability according to the social sciences
COMPARING AND ANALYZING FINANCIAL STATEMENTS TO MAKE AN INVESTMENT DECISION : Case Study of Automotive Industry
Vietnam economic environment and financial risks
Safety, risk and adventure in outdoor activities
Finnish financial system exposed to risks in the real economy
World disasters report : focus on reducing risk
Risk taking in selection contests
Cloud security : a comprehensive guide to secure cloud computing
Corporate foreign exchange hedging in Australia : theory, evidence and implications
Regulation of import and release of mass-produced natural enemies : a risk-assessment approach
From local theory of risk aversion to an intertemporal theory of risks under discrete choices
Risk issues for foreign software firms in China
Balance sheet inlinkages and macro-finacial risk analysis in the euro area
Determinants of country creditworthiness : an empirical investigation, 1980-1989
Optimal risk adoption : a real options approach
Managing bank capital : capital allocation and performance measurement
Formulation studies for eliminating saliva carcinogenic acetaldehyde with L-cysteine containing chewing gum
Effective and efficient Risk Information Management : Environment, structure and development in a Case of  Financial institution
The risk of basic services in the Finnish financial market being disrupted during emergencies or other serious disruptions has grown as internationalisation has increased. At national level, Finland should prepare for a situation where the supply of foreign financial market services comes to a halt or significantly deteriorates..
How to plan ahead for hard times in business
Income risk, coping strategies and safety nets
Overheating of global financial market could also have a destabilising impact on Finland
Consumer perceived risk, risk reduction strategies and transaction intentions in online marketplaces
Financial system risk resilience and structural risks
Explaining stock market anomalies with accounting-based risk estimation methods
Finland's neighbours rein in lending for house purchase
Perception of risk : studies of risk attitudes, perceptions and definitions
Society, technology and risk assessment : based on the proceedings of an international workshop ... held at Wölfersheim, Germany, June 5-8, 1979
Risk : theory and applications
Cross-sectional predictability of returns in a thinly traded market : evidence from the Finnish stock market
Ethical aspects of risk managemant
China's economic growth and rebalancing
Perspectives to doping substance use outside elite sports in Finland
Regulating secure software development : analysing the potential regulatory solutions for the lack of security in software
An overheating of the international financial markets would spread to Finland, too, pushing up asset prices and possibly boosting the supply of loans. From a macroprudential perspective, strong growth in both these indicators would increase domestic vulnerabilities. The financial crisis has increased the understanding of cross-border stability risks, but the tools for mitigating these risks remain insufficient..
Capital budgeting and long-term financing decisions
Identifying risk with medication use : beyond error reporting
Social theories of risk
Perceptions of convenience, risk and enjoyment in online shopping
Making sense of Chernobyl nine years after : TV news reception study of the environmental disaster
One country, many housing markets
Risks in cloud computing
Mad cows and mother's milk : the perils of poor risk communication
Risk management in information system development
Risk classification in life insurance
Ulrich Beck a critical introduction to the risk society
Asset management : a systematic approach to factor investing
Living probabilistic safety assessment for nuclear power plant management : a report by a Group of experts of the NEA Committee on the Safety of Nuclear Installations : February 1991
Risk, media and stigma : understanding public challenges to modern science and technology
A significant proportion of the world's investment assets lie with companies whose business activities produce large emissions of carbon dioxide. In the future, climate policy emissions restrictions will affect these companies' ability to operate, which could lower their value. The consequence could be a substantial risk for investors who do not make timely provision against this 'carbon risk'. The fact that the carbon risk is hidden within investors' investment portfolios will simply serve to undermine confidence between market actors..
Reflections on the advent of a more enterprising culture in Finland : an exploratory study
Principles for evaluating health risks in children associated with exposure to chemicals
Pricing the risk of the quality-guarantee in a stand establishment service
Comparative assessment of credit risk in PPP projects
Growth in corporate investment and exports is expected to be reflected in slowly improving output in the immediate years ahead. Nevertheless, owing to increased uncertainties in the global economy, there is a possibility that exports will not yet begin to rebound. On the other hand, the pick-up in domestic investment may be jeopardised if competitiveness problems cannot be resolved and the high degree of uncertainty surrounding fiscal consolidation persists. For these reasons, another possibility is that economic activity in the immediate future will be weaker than forecast..
Interest rates and loan portfolio performance in commercial banks: a case study of Centenary Bank Entebbe Road Branch Uganda
Exchange rate expectations and commercial bank risk-taking : a VAR approach with evidence from Estonia
The nature of security and risk in complex socio-technical systems : a partial application of Critical Systems Heuristics (CSH) to Finnish Security Strategy for Society (YTS)
The rules of risk
Evaluating economic risks of extreme weather events - from costs to resilience
Robustness of the risk-return relationship in the U.S. stock market
Financial crises and other serious financial disruptions may be caused by several different types of risks. Macroprudential policy, designed to prevent such crises, needs a more diversified set of tools than are available in Finland at present. Although the Board of the Financial Supervisory Authority already has access to a number of macroprudential instruments, there is reason for the toolkit to be supplemented. There is a need for instruments to ensure capital adequacy in the Finnish banking sector and, if necessary, prevent the housing market overheating..
Evaluation of Credit Risk Management Policies and Practices in a Vietnamese Joint-Stock Commercial Bank's Transaction Office
Practical enterprise risk management : a business process approach
Strategy Implementation Solution for a Medium Sized Company : How to use the C4I framework to implement international business strategy?
INTEREST RATE RISK MANAGEMENT: PRACTICES AND SOLUTIONS IN A VIETNAMESE JOINT STOCK COMMERCIAL BANK.
A broader set of tools needed to prevent financial crises
Research on rural credit union financial risk management and precaution. Case study: Mianzhu rural credit union
Credit risk management in banking industry : Case study: Joint Stock Commercial Bank for Foreign Trade of Vietnam
Crisis preparedness through co-operation between municipalities and non-governmental organizations
Elemental speciation in human health risk assessment
The use of accounting ratios as measures of risk in the determination of the bid-ask spread
Decision order and time in human affairs
Euro area inflation has long been below the European Central Bank's objective for price stability and has continued to slow in recent months. This has given rise to heightened concerns that the euro area could soon be facing a prolonged period of deflation, as recently in Japan. The case of the United States shows, however, that the Japanese experience can be avoided. The key would seem to be the anchoring of inflation expectations. In the euro area, new measures of monetary accommodation have contributed to reducing the risk of Japanese-style deflation.
ERM - from Risk Management to Leading the Opportunities
Recovery hinges on export markets
Housing loan risk weights affect banks' capital adequacy
The countercyclical capital buffer requirement is one of the new macroprudential instruments that will come into use in Finland. It enables the strengthening of the banking sector's resilience to systemic risks resulting from excessive credit growth. In setting the requirement, strong emphasis should be placed on a small range of indicators to be selected, defined and published in advance. In contrast, reducing or releasing the buffer should primarily be based on judgment by the relevant authorities..
The Impact of BIS regulation on market risk management : Comparison of standardized method and internal models approach
Rising indebtedness increases risks in China
On the impact of infrequent trading on the APT systematic risk components
Expansion and intensification of global trade in horticultural plants has increased the risk of spread of new alien pathogen species in the EU. Alien species of pathogenic viruses and viroids in horticultural plants have been introduced into Finland in infected plant material (plants, seedlings, cuttings, tubers, seeds). By 1997, about 30 virus species of horticultural plants had been detected in Finland. We aimed at compiling emerging new virus and viroid records during 1997-2010. Eight new viruses belonging to tospo-, potex-, poty-, tymo-, ilar- and allexiviruses were detected in horticultural plants: four occurred in greenhouse crops, two in vegetables and two in garden ornamentals outdoors. Five new findings of viroids were made in ornamental and vegetable greenhouse crops during 2008-2009. More rapid and accurate diagnostic methods have contributed to identifying new alien pathogens. Global trade seems to be the main reason for the introduction of the newest virus and viroid pathogens into Finland.
The information content of earnings announcements with varying return parameters
Risk communication and risk perception : the case of nuclear power public debate in Lithuania
Risk management and governance of chemicals in articles : case study textiles
Career risk-taking : on some factors connected with occupational aspiration
Risk and uncertainty in accounting and finance : a book of readings
Eco-minimalism : the antidote to eco-bling
Currency risk management of Finnish enterprises in China : China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone
Normative and epistemological aspects concerning legal liability for risk-taking
Finland – Russia  Business cooperation 2014 - 2015
Starting a restaurant business in Saint-Petersburg - Guide for Finnish entrepreneurs
Tightening regulation has only a limited impact on loan margins
Against the gods : the remarkable story of risk
Structural conditions of natural resource management : understanding the roles of complexity, control and evolution in societal resource use
Health and Environment in Sustainable Development: Five Years after the Earth Summit : Executive summary
Fatal tradeoffs : public and private responsibilities for risk
The Facilities Management Handbook gives a complete overview of the role of a Facilities Manager. It provides all the relevant legal compliance, strategic policies and best practice information needed to ensure the safe, efficient and cost-effective running of any facilities function. Complete with checklists and sources of further information, this book offers easy-to-find practical advice to this broad and complex field. This new edition reflects the greater awareness of sustainable practices, as well as bringing the book up-to-date in line with changes to legislation. This title: clearly explains UK Health & Safety legislation providing unambiguous information needed for legal compliance; gives an overview to the diverse duties covered by a facilities manager, eliminating the need for separate references; and, includes checklists and sources of further information for easy-to-find advice.
Changing the tax and risk-taking
Impacts of strong winds, heavy snow loads and soil frost conditions on the risks to forests in Northern Europe
Contemporary security management
Stress testing : approaches, methods and applications
Each player leads a team of two mountaineers who are competing with other teams, trying to reach the peak and survive until the end of the 18-day expedition. Players move mountaineers on the board by playing cards. The higher a climber reaches, the more victory points are gained. However K2 is a very dangerous place and mountaineers must be very careful not to exhaust themselves, carefully planning their route and being aware of changes in the weather.
Risk savvy : how to make good decisions
The trends of the early post-millennium years - a larger average loan size and longer loan repayment periods - have permanently increased household vulnerability to debt-related risks in Finland. Household indebtedness embraces another four features that amplify the risks to the economy: the debt level is high relative to GDP, risks are unevenly distributed, loans are tied to variable interest rates and, in part, loans are large relative to the collateral provided. The stabilisation of debt developments in the 2010s has been positive for financial stability..
A management model for physical risks in the care work
When genius failed : the rise and fall of long-term capital management
Financial risk classification of Finnish listed companies by accounting data
Commercial law
The birth and success of new firms in a changing environment
Business plans for filmmakers
Investment funds have emerged as significant financial intermediaries in Finland since the turn of the millennium. In this role, they supplement traditional deposit banking. However, from the perspective of financial stability, investment funds may also involve risks reminiscent of banking. One such key risk is if assets invested in funds are converted into significantly less liquid (less cash-convertible) form. Why can such liquidity transformation in a worst-case scenario pose a risk to financial stability, and how extensively is it performed among Finnish investment funds?.
Currency Risks and Currency Risk Management
Threats to the stability of the euro area financial system relate to the risks to global economic growth - such as uncertainties around developments in China - and to the international financial markets. The profitability of the euro area banking sector has improved from the weak level witnessed previously, but the large amount of non-performing loans continues to weigh on banks' balance sheets. Risks to the Finnish financial system are associated with the weakness of the economy and household debt. In order to contain potential overheating on the housing loan market and household indebtedness, the authorities will need new additions to their toolbox..
Snow Sense : a guide to evaluating snow avalanche hazard
Household debt and banking sector concentration pose risks for Finland
Risk : a sociological theory
Investment funds have grown significantly in Finland : do their operations involve stability risks?
Financial risk in insurance
Essays on credit risk in SMEs
The handbook of risk management and analysis
Equity premium and consumption disasters : Lucas-tree model with power utility
Stochastic dynamic optimization models in the banking sector
Maintaining supply performance during an ERP system implementation phase : case Cloetta Suomi Oy
Household debt - how much is too much?
Timber supply, amenity values and biological risk
Financial risk and the corporate treasury : new developments in strategy and control
Effect of cardiac surgery on long-term outcome : balancing between survival benefit, surgical risk and health-related quality of life
Financial vulnerabilities in emerging Europe : an overview
Financial, hierarchy, risk and taxes in the determination of corporate debt policy : preliminary results with Finnish data
Performance of downside market risk measures in financial crisis : Analysis of value-at-risk and expected shortfall models using foreign exchange rate data
Philosophy, risk and adventure sports
Russia's economy and imports to contract further
In the wake of a second export price shock late last year, the Bank of Finland now expects Russian GDP to contract 3% in 2016. Our new forecast assumes the price of oil averages slightly over $40 a barrel this year, about 60% below the 2014 average. With the economy shrinking and depressed export earnings, Russian imports should fall another 10% this year..
Sleep, work and mental health
Risk weights help to establish each bank's minimum own funds relative to lending, ensuring the bank's ability to cover the related credit risk. The risk weight calculation method chosen by the bank may have a significant effect on capital requirements and ultimately on the price of credit. A harmonised calculation of housing loan risk weights would support fair competition between banks..
Financial futures and options : managing risk in the interest rate, currency and equity markets
Political risks of pension systems
Low oil price reveals implications of carbon risk
Concentrated banking system amplifies banking crises
The global personnel safety and security reporting of the European subsidiaries of Wärtsilä Corporation
Acceptable evidence : science and values in risk management
Setting limits for market risk : implementing the precommitment solution
Pricing of new unseasoned issues on the Finnish OTC market
Development of advanced tool for financial analysis. : The case of UPM-Kymmene Oyj
The year got off to an uncertain start for the European banking sector, and market turbulence was strong in the first half of 2016. The uncertainty has reflected increased concerns about the growth prospects for the global economy. Rising credit risks in the energy sector, weak market liquidity and uncertainty about monetary and economic policies' ability to support economic growth have increased market volatility. Uncertainty over global growth prospects has also focused strongly on the banking and financial sector, which is particularly sensitive to changes in the economic outlook. Although the profitability and liquidity position of the European banking sector has improved on average in recent years and capital adequacy has advanced, the banking business is facing numerous risks both in the short and the long term. Banks' long-term profitability and the sustainability of their operating models have been singled out as special causes for concern..
Central counterparties can reduce, but also cause risks
Ensuring synergy creation in cross-border acquisitions through enterprise risk management
Risk parity asset allocation
Risk assessment and multi-criteria decision-making
Commercial law in a nutshell
Contributions to insurance economics
Integration and segregation of prior outcomes in risky decisions
Cloud computing : security and privacy issues
The consequences of a banking crisis could be exceptionally severe in Finland's concentrated banking system. Regulatory means must therefore be deployed to ensure the capital adequacy and liquidity of Finnish banks remain strong under all circumstances..
Default probability prediction : a comparison of methods
Risk survey of Dzikwa Activity Center -building project
Emerging virus and viroid pathogen species identified for the first time in horticultural plants in Finland in 1997-2010
Handbook of corporate finance : a business companion to financial markets, decisions & techniques
A loss-sensitivity explanation of integration of prior outcomes in risky decisions
Financial stability
Abstract.
In the wake of the international financial crisis, authorities have been given new tools to prevent such crises. These tools - or macroprudential instruments - are intended to enhance banks' resilience to risk and prevent the excessive lending that often underlies asset price bubbles. In making decisions on deployment of the macroprudential tools, authorities will be supported by a set of early warning indicators confirmed by research data to best predict the outbreak of banking crises..
Risk and 'the other'
Hedging the currency risks with financial derivatives and the impact of EMU on hedging needs
Risk management in the public services
Multiple uncertainty, forward-futures markets and international trade
In securities clearing, a central counterparty (CCP) interposes itself between the counterparties, becoming a buyer to the seller and a seller to the buyer. In so doing, the CCP assumes the counterparty risks related to the transaction. Counterparty risks arise between CCPs from their interoperability arrangements. It is vital for the stability of the financial system that CCPs have in place sound risk management practices..
Risk analysis in nuclear waste management : proceedings of the ISPRA-course held at the Joint Research Centre, Ispra, Italy, 30 May-3 June 1988
Finland's neighbouring countries have actively adopted macroprudential instruments to counter stability risks relating to lending for house purchase. Sweden and Norway are taking strong measures to restrain housing credit growth and the associated risks. Of the Baltic States, Estonia and Lithuania, in turn, have imposed limits on the maximum loan servicing costs and length of housing loans so as to prevent risks proactively. Finland has adopted new macroprudential instruments more slowly. The loan-to-value cap that will enter into force in Finland in summer 2016 is more lenient than the requirements imposed in neighbouring countries..
Household indebtedness is high in the Nordic countries. Housing loans are a significant part of banks' business, and covered bonds are important for banks both as sources of funding and as investments. The large size of the Nordic banking sector, its high degree of concentration and its interconnectedness with insurance companies increase the importance of housing market-related risks for the financial system and the economy as a whole. The materialisation of threats would increase losses in lending and investment activities and the cost of funding..
Credit Management : How to improve Tamfelts internal credit management processes?
Starting up : archieving success with professional business planning
Insurance companies promote economic activity by offering savings products and protection against risks. At the same time, insurance companies themselves are also investors. The reliability of insurance business is important for the economy as a whole. The low level of interest rates weakens insurance companies' investment returns and increases the market value of liabilities in the sector; when protracted, this poses problems, particularly for life insurers. Systemic risks in the insurance business have begun to attract attention, especially in consideration of insurance companies' importance as significant institutional investors..
A review of credit ratings and credit risk modeling : some evidence for Finnish firms' credit quality migrations
Nordic financial sector vulnerable to housing market risks
Banks concerned about profitability and the sustainability of their operating models
Establishing a Small Enterprise in Varkaus and Factors behind Success  and Failure of Small Businesses
Could a cyber attack lead to financial crisis?
Accommodative monetary policy is necessary for price stability and economic recovery. However, abundant liquidity and the search for yield fuelled by low interest rates can also create risks for financial stability..
Recognizing Lynch syndrome by DNA mismatch repair deficiency
A big bang after the Orange revolution? : - a Finnish perspective on managing political risk in the Ukranian business environment
Against the backdrop of the international financial and economic crisis, this paper seeks to identify financial vulnerabilities in Emerging Europe. Data are presented for 20 countries using a 'balance-sheet' framework to disaggregate financial weaknesses within each economy. First, financial flow imbalances and general macroeconomic weaknesses are identified, leading to a discussion of the financial stock imbalances that were caused by these persistent flow imbalances. The paper concludes with an assessment of which countries are most vulnerable to any potential 'sudden-stop' of financial flows to the region.   Key words: financial crisis, balance-sheets, emerging economies, Emerging Europe .
Facilities management handbook
How should the countercyclical capital buffer requirement be applied?
Insurance companies as major investors are a potential source of systemic risk
Purchasing contracts in the textile industry : how can purchasingcontracts decrease subcontracting risks and reclamations in a textile industry company?
Finland's domestic financial system has continued to function well despite the prolonged recession. Short-term risks to the stability of the domestic financial system relate particularly to weaker-than-forecast developments in the Finnish economy and risks developing on the international financial markets..
HUMAN RESOURCE OUTSOURCING IN CHINA: case company: WISCO
Assessment of policy measures to support Russia's real economy
Go big or go home : taking risks in life, love, and tattooing
Managing business risk : a practical guide to protecting your business
High housing debt increases risks to financial stability
Forecast risks predominantly on the downside
Risk management and analysis : volume 2 : new markets and products
The total amount of public and private debt in China has increased rapidly since the financial crisis. The country's debt-to-GDP ratio has already reached the level seen in many advanced economies. The rapid rise in debt in many countries has led to financial sector problems and to a marked slowing of economic growth. Sustainable management of the economy in China would require a slowdown in the debt build-up. There are no indications of this as yet. Curbing debt accumulation would require China's readiness to accept lower growth targets..
Export guidelines to the Russian Federation: risks and technical obstacles : case study: Nokian Tyres Plc.
Low interest rates provide a stimulus but can also create risks
Systems of sociotechnologies and industrial safety
Recognizing risks of satellite-based tracking
Is the euro area at risk of Japanese-style deflation?
Early warning indicators of banking crises
Measuring the interest rate and exchange rate risk of a commercial bank's portfolio
Uses of risk importance measures : technical report
If loss in interbank confidence regarding banking sector balance sheets intensified the crisis in 2008, banks' faltering confidence in other banks' systems could cause the next crisis, experts warn. Confidence is vital to the financial system, and as account balances are situated in cyberspace, confidence in the numbers on the screen is of the utmost importance. From a practical point of view it is irrelevant whether a loss of confidence is due to the realisation of financial market risks or cyber risks..
Essays on higher moments in macroeconomics and finance
And Thailand still smiles : a study on post-tsunami livelihood recovery of Phuket and Khao Lak
The politics of risk society
Anticipating interruptions : security and risk in a liberalized electricity infrastructure
Risks related to economic and credit cycles
How to get started in export
The credit risk of complex derivatives
Finland's financial system is, by structure, vulnerable to risks associated with lending for house purchase. Housing loan volumes are large relative to other lending by banks and requirements on banks' own funds. The fact that household debt levels have increased and that housing wealth constitutes a large proportion of household assets also increases the vulnerabilities. In addition, covered bonds secured by housing loans play a significant role in bank funding and investment. However, the increase in vulnerabilities has largely levelled off in the 2010s..
