http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11088 members of the European Parliament
members of the European Parliament
Official directory of the European Union
Cross-pressure and political representation in Europe : a comparative study of MEPs and the intra-party arena
Political parties, parliaments and legislative speechmaking
Summary (s. 5-8).
Women in European politics : time for action
"Why do some Members of Parliament (MPs) take the parliamentary floor and speak more than others? Why do some MPs deviate more than others from the ideological position of their party? This book develops hypotheses on legislative speechmaking and evaluates them by analysing parliamentary debates in seven European democracies: Czech Republic, Estonia, Finland, Germany, Ireland, Norway and Sweden. Assuming that MPs are concerned with policy-making, career advancement, and re-election, the authors discuss various incentives to taking the floor, and elaborate on the role of gender and psychological incentives in speechmaking. They test their expectations on a novel dataset that covers information on the number of speeches held by MPs and on the ideological positions MPs adopted when delivering a speech. "--
This study presents an institutional theory for career behaviour in the European Parliament (EP). By focusing on the professional ambition of members of the EP (MEPs), the study presents a rigorous analysis of the powerful multinational legislature from within - problematising the link between institutional change and individual action, as evidenced in the career paths taken by MEPs. The study has implications for the nexus of institutional change and the behaviour of the political elite, broadly, as well as the study of representative democracy in the EU, specifically.
The European Parliament's role in closer EU integration
Political Rhetoric Today - an analysis of the use of rhetoric in the speeches of English and Finnish MEPs
The party system of the European parliament after the 1999 elections
The parliamentary networks of European democracy : a case study on JCMs and JPMs
Linking domestic and European politics : Finnish meps and the votes that shaped the 7th European parliament
Representing Europe's citizens? : electoral institutions and the failure of parliamentary representation
Europarlamenttivaalit 1999 = Valet till Europarlamentet = Elections for the European Parliament
Rules on parliamentary immunity in the European Parliament and the member states of the European Union
The European Parliament
The European Parliament's political groups
Democracy, social resources and political power in the European Union
Losing independence of finally gaining recognition? : contacs between MEPs and national parties
The members of the European Parliament : fifth parliamentary term 1999-2004
Parliamentary immunity in the members states of the European Union and in the European Parliament
Unity in diversity? : the European Parliament and its elite after the 2004 enlargement
European Parliament elections
The members of the European Parliament as business travellers
What is intercultural communication competence in the context of the European Parliament? : perceptions about the required intercultural skills from the perspective of Finnish members of the European Parliament
Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats
Europe's Parliament : people, places, politics
Fit for European democracy? : party discipline in the European Parliament
Handbook for members
Abstract: Behave and we will leave you in peace : contacts between MEPs and national parties.
Europarlamenttivaalit 1996 = Valet till Europarlamentet = Elections for the European Parliament
Brussels bureaucrats? : the administration of the European Union
Career behaviour and the European Parliament : all roads lead through Brussels?
The Election of the European Parliament 2004 : A research concerning representation and proportionality in the European Parliament
Democratic politics in the European Parliament
