http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11031 air defence
air defence
The many faces of military studies : a search for fundamental questions
Call to arms : the British Army 1914-18
Greater Finland and cultural heritage : Finnish scholars in Eastern Karelia, 1941-44
Cold in July
Project plan for acquiring Foreign Military Sales (FMS) freight forwarding and transportation services from the United States
NATO and the European Union : new world, new Europe, new threats
Pictorial history of the R.A.F.. Vol. 1, 1918-1939
Unmanned aircraft systems : strengths and weaknesses
Youth in the fatherless land : war pedagogy, nationalism, and authority in Germany, 1914-1918
Finland at war 1939-45
The scope and pace of the rise of China
Summary (s. 141).
This book tackles the regulatory issues of Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) or Remotely-Piloted Aerial Systems (RPAS), which have profound consequences for privacy, security and other fundamental liberties. Collectively known as "drones," they were initially deployed for military purposes: reconnaissance, surveillance and extrajudicial executions. Today, we are witnessing a growth of their use into the civilian and humanitarian domain. They are increasingly used for goals as diverse as news gathering, aerial inspection of oil refinery flare stacks, mapping of the Amazonian rain-forest, crop spraying and search and rescue operations. The civil use of drones is becoming a reality in the European Union and in the US.The drone revolution may be a new technological revolution. Proliferation of the next generation of "recreational" drones show how drones will be sold as any other consumer item. The cultural perception of the technology is shifting, as drones are increasingly being used for humanitarian activities, on one hand, but they can also firmly be situated in the prevailing modes of postmodern governance on the other hand. This work will be of interest to researchers in Criminology and Criminal Justice interested in issues related to surveillance, security, privacy, and technology. It will also provide a criminological background for related legal issues, such as privacy law, aviation law, international criminal law, and comparative law.
Red air : politics in Russian air power
Anzac memories : living with the legend
Atmospheric impacts on growth, secondary chemistry and herbivore resistance of birch and willow
Air and spaceborne radar systems : an introduction
National defense : a study of the origins, results and prevention of war
Summary.
Itsenäisen Suomen ilmatorjuntatykit 1917-2000 = [The anti-craft guns of independent Finland 1917-2000]
Companion to Colossus reborn : key documents and statistics
An Air Force Magazine Directory (As of August 15, 1990)
The road to war : essays in honour of professor Olli Vehviläinen on the occasion of his 60th birthday 4 June 1993
Finnish air defence command and control system : [operational and technical overview]
Stalin and the Soviet-Finnish war 1939-1940
For the sake of example : capital courts-martial 1914-20
The Pacific- Tyynenmeren taistelutoverit (BD)
Surprise, security, and the American experience
The execution of Private Slovik
History of the RAF
The Red Army 1918-1941 : from vanguard of world revolution to US ally
Russian military reform 1992-2002
Coming out under fire : the history of gay men and women in World War Two
Women, social leadership, and the Second World War : continuities of class
The next war in the air : Britain's fear of the bomber, 1908-1941
Spy flights of the Cold War
Time for outrage!
MI5: British security service operations 1909-1945
Airpower leadership : theory and practice
Finnish aces of World War 2
Drones and unmanned aerial systems : legal and social implications for security and surveillance
Asymmetries of conflict : war without death
Russia, the Baltic Sea and Finnish defence : a geostrategic perspective on security policy
War memory and social politics in Japan, 1945-2005
Helicopters, a new branch of service in the Finnish ground forces : presentations in the helicopter seminar at the Finnish National Defence College 11.-12.10.2001
Dealing with the threat of cruise missiles
The familiar image of the British in the Second World War is that of the plucky underdog taking on German might. David Edgerton's bold, compelling new history shows the conflict in a new light, with Britain as a very wealthy country, formidable in arms, ruthless in pursuit of its interests, and in command of a global production system. Rather than belittled by a Nazi behemoth, Britain arguably had the world's most advanced mechanized forces. It had not only a great empire, but allies large and small. Edgerton shows that Britain fought on many fronts and its many home fronts kept it exceptionally well supplied with weapons, food and oil, allowing it to mobilize to an extraordinary extent. It created and deployed a vast empire of machines, from the humble tramp steamer to the battleship, from the rifle to the tank, made in colossal factories the world over. Scientists and engineers invented new weapons, encouraged by a government and prime minister enthusiastic about the latest technologies. The British, indeed Churchillian, vision of war and modernity was challenged by repeated defeat at the hands of less well-equipped enemies. Yet the end result was a vindication of this vision. Like the United States, a powerful Britain won a cheap victory, while others paid a great price. Putting resources, machines and experts at the heart of a global rather than merely imperial story, Britain's War Machine demolishes timeworn myths about wartime Britain and gives us a groundbreaking and often unsettling picture of a great power in action.
The Soviet air and strategic rocket forces, 1939-1980 : a guide to sources in English
Operation Sea lion : Hitler's plot to invade England
Northern borders and security : dimensions for regional cooperation and interdependence
Suomen ilmavoimat 90 vuotta : suihkukonekausi 1953-2007 : the jet age 1953-2007 = The Finnish Air Force 90 years
Hitler's fortresses : German fortifications and defences 1939-45
Finnish air force 1918-1968
Finland at war : nordic badges and medals for civilian and military aid to Finland during the Second World War
Towards east or west? : defence planning in Finland 1944-1966
Perspectives on security : papers of the First Chinese-Finnish Symposium on Military Science Helsinki, 12-13 August, 1991
The British Empire and the Second World War
Radar stations in Denmark 1942-1945 : post "post mortem" : the Luftwaffe Luftnachrichten Dienst in Denmark 1942-1945 : organization and employment = Radaranlæg i Danmark fra 1942 til 1945
Transforming America's military
Russia in the age of wars, 1914-1945
Women's writing and the First World War : the boundary experience of war
Unmanned : drones, data, and the illusion of perfect warfare
Military radar defence lines of northern North America: an historical geography
The kamikaze hunters : fighting for the Pacific, 1945
Abstract.
Strategic sea lift capacity in the common European security and defence policy
The role of presidential advisory systems in US foreign policy-making : the case of the National Security Council and Vietnam, 1953-1961
Britain's war machine : weapons, resources, and experts in the Second World War
Churchill's Bunker : The Secret Headquarters at the Heart of Britain's Victory
The Imperial Russian Army and navy in Finland 1808-1918
Preliminary assessment for replacing the capabilities of the Hornet fleet : final report
Showa : the Japan of Hirohito
Finnish air force doctrine : reshaping for the 21st century
Accounting for war : Soviet production, employment, and the defence burden, 1940-1945
Air defence in Northern Europe
In and out of Stalin's GRU : a tatar's escape from Red Army intelligence
Images of Barbarossa : the German invasion of Russia, 1941
