http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11003 Scots
Scots
The Edinburgh history of Scottish literature. Vol. 1, From Columbia to the Union (until 1707)
John the Painter : terrorist of the American revolution
Attempting to bring the gospel home : Scottish missions to Palestine, 1839-1917
Quests for health in colonial society : Scottish missionaries and medical culture in the Northern Malawi region, 1875-1930
Transatlantic radicals and the early American Republic
Warriors of the word : the world of the Scottish Highlanders
My life-work
From Pictland to Alba, 789 - 1070
Studies in Scots and Gaelic : proceedings of the third International Conference on the Languages of Scotland
Requiem : the fall of the Templars
Speak the culture : Britain:  be fluent in British life and culture
Good or bad Scots? : attitudes to optional lexical and grammatical usages in Edinburgh
Medicine and Scottish missionaries in the Northern Malawi region, 1875-1930 : quests for health in colonial society
The Scottish prisoner
Scotticisms in grammar and vocabulary : 'Like runes upon a standin' stane'?
The Scots and the Union : then and now
Ane resonyng of ane Scottis and Inglis merchand betuix Rowand and Lionis
The Hoose at Pooh's Neuk
Three Junes : [a novel]
Drums of autumn
The Exile : an outlander graphic novel
The manuscript-based diachronic Corpus of Scottish Correspondence
Scotland and the Americas, c. 1650 - c. 1939 : a documentary source book
Doric : the dialect of North-East Scotland
Representing Scotland in literature, popular culture and iconography : the masks of the modern nation
Sir Walter Scott and Scottish Jacobitism : a critical examination of Waverley and Redgauntlet
Scots : studies in its literature and language
Being a Scot
And the band played on..
Black watch : liberating Europe and catching Himmler : my extraordinary WW2 with highland division
The biographical dictionary of Scottish women : from the earliest times to 2004
The Celtic languages
Scots and its literature
Arthur Conan Doyle and the meaning of masculinity
British India & British Scotland, 1780-1830 : career building, empire building, and a Scottish school of thought on Indian governance
Men of spirit and enterprise : Scots and Orkneymen in the Hudson's Bay Company, 1780-1821
The Edinburgh history of Scottish literature. Vol. 2, Enlightenment, Britain and Empire (1707-1918)
Finnish summary.
A breath of snow and ashes
Being Scottish : personal reflections on Scottish identity today
Standards and variation in urban speech : examples from Lowland Scots
The fiery cross
A Scot in the dark
The mighty Scot : nation, gender, and the nineteenth-century mystique of Scottish masculinity
The "auld" enemy - or, dedefining the "Scottish experience" in Alasdair Gray's 1982, Janine (1984)
Scotland in definition : a history of Scottish dictionaries
Perspectives on the older Scottish tongue : a celebration of DOST
The Jacobites at Urbino : an exiled court in transition
Scottish literature
Scottish ceilidh dancing
"Fast sailing and copper-bottomed" : Aberdeen sailing ships and the emigrant Scots they carried to Canada, 1774-1855
Picts, Gaels and Scots : early historic Scotland
Language and identities
Life among the Scots
Mad, bad and dangerous in plaid
Robert Louis Stevenson in the Pacific : travel, empire, and the author's profession
An Echo in the bone : a novel
An echo in the bone : a novel
Scotland's empire, 1600-1815
The poems of Walter Kennedy
Ethically speaking : voice and values in modern Scottish writing
'Gylbart off kynloth lande' : the uninflected genitive and the group genitive in Older Scots
Spaces for feeling : emotions and sociabilities in Britain, 1650-1850
Scoor-oot : a dictionary of Scots words and phrases in current use
Time-traveling Claire Randall returns to her own time, pregnant and weary, and resumes her life, but her memories of her eighteenth-century Scottish lover Jamie Fraser will not die, leading her to a desperate decision to return to him.
Lancelot of the Laik : a Scottish metrical romance (about 1490-1500 A.D.)
The Scottish tradition in Canada
Network North : Scottish kin, commercial and covert association in Northern Europe, 1603-1746
The older Scots vowels : a history of the stressed vowels of older Scots from the beginnings to the Eighteenth Century
Rogue with a brogue
Community without borders : Scots migrants and the changing face of power in the Dutch Republic, c. 1600-1700
Impaled upon a thistle : Scotland since 1880
Travelling Scot : essays on history, politics and future of the Scots
Scottish newspapers, language and identity
A social history of the Scotch-Irish
The fiction of Alasdair Gray and the question of Scottishness
Rewriting Scotland : Welsh, McLean, Warner, Banks, Galloway, and Kennedy
Scotlands of the mind
Catherine Carswell : a biography
The Scottish national dictionary : designed partly on regional lines and partly on historical principles, and containing all the Scottish words known to be in use or to have been in use since c. 1700
The Scottish world : a journey into the Scottish diaspora
Scottish communities abroad in the early modern period
The dictionary of Scottish painters : 1600 to the present
Lonesome Lily turned Scandalous Siren Miss Lillian Harwood has lived much of her life alone in a gilded cage, longing for love and companionship. When an artist offers her pretty promises and begs her to pose for a scandalous portrait, Lily doesn't hesitate ...until the lying libertine leaves her in disgrace. With the painting now public, Lily has no choice but to turn to the one man who might save her from ruin. Highland Devil turned Halfhearted Duke The Duke of Warnick loathes all things English, none more so than the aristocracy. It does not matter that the imposing Scotsman has inherited one of the most venerable dukedoms in Britain - he wants nothing to do with it, especially when he discovers that the unwanted title comes with a troublesome ward, one who is far too old and far too beautiful to be his problem. Tartan Comes to Town Warnick arrives in London with a single goal: get the chit married and see her become someone else's problem, then return to a normal, quiet life in Scotland. It's the perfect plan, until Lily declares she'll only marry for love ...and the Scot finds that there is one thing in England he likes far too much ...
Scotland : a literary guide for travellers
Politics and society in Scotland
The devil wears kilts
The modern Scottish novel : narrative and the national imagination
The Edinburgh history of Scottish literature. Vol. 3, Modern transformation: new identities (from 1918)
Translating the Enlightenment : Scottish civic discourse in eighteenth-century Germany
Written in the language of the Scottish nation : a history of literary translation into Scots
Language attitudes and language use in Pitmedden (Aberdeenshire)
Scots in the Polish-Lithuanian commonwealth, 16th-18th centuries : the formation and disappearance of an ethnic group
Fatal passage : the untold story of John Rae, the Arctic adventurer who discovered the fate of Franklin
The Edinburgh companion to Scottish traditional literatures
The Scottish prisoner : a novel
