http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11055 prisons
prisons jails
The escapists : the walking dead edition : PS4
Vanishing acts
The light of day
Prison songs. Volume 1 : Murderous home
World prison population : fact, trends and solution
The escapists : Xbox One : the walking dead edition
The mountain shadow
Sons of anarchy. Volume two
A state of fear : my 10 years inside Iran's torture jails
The Lucifer effect : how good people turn evil
Oscar Wilde and the murders of Reading Gaol
The future of the prison system
The violence of incarceration
World encyclopedia of police forces and correctional systems. Vol. 1, Overviews, countries: A-L
The tasks of penology : a symposium on prisons and correctional law
Mad cows
The American prison : issues in research and policy
The Racketeer
The heart goes last : a novel
Prison Architect : Xbox One
Conclusions (s. 145-155).
Chicago
The promise of punishment : prisons in nineteenth-century France
Disaster capitalism : making a killing out of catastrophe
In the orchard, the swallows
Guidelines for library services to prisoners
Banged up abroad : hellhole : our fight to survive South America's deadliest jail
The Brethren
With a summary in English.
Prison architecture : policy, design, and experience
Of prisons and ideas
Gentle justice : analysis of open prison systems in Finland : a way to the future
The jeweller's niece
History of punishment and torture
Russian prison tattoos : codes of authority, domination, and struggle
Ex-con. [Vol. 1], Fading lights
The Count of Monte Cristo
Dark days : a memoir
Shakespeare saved my life : ten years in solitary with The Bard
Prison Theatre : perspectives and practices
Sociological studies in the British penal services : edited by Paul Halmos
Prison songs. Volume 2 : Don'tcha hear poor mother calling?
The heart goes last
Punisher Max : Frank
A prison diary
Then they came for me : a story of injustice and survival in Iran's most notorious prison
Kaijumax ; terror and respect : Season one
A clockwork orange
Hell's prisoner : the shocking true story of an innocent man jailed for over eleven years in Indonesia's most notorious prisons
The confession
Prison Pit. book 2
Making it in prison : the square, the cool, and the life
Alcatraz Island : memoirs of a Rock Doc
The prison of Turku
Convict conditioning : how to bust free of all weakness - using the lost secrets of supreme survival strength
The prison and the factory : origins of the penitentiary system
The French intifada : the long war between France and its Arabs
Stress in work : conceptual analysis and a study on prison personnel
The wild palms
Prison Architect : PS4
Work in penal institutions : report prepared at the request of the ECCP : by K.J. Neale (United Kingdom)
The prisoner of heaven
American corrections
What she left behind
World encyclopedia of police forces and correctional systems. Vol. 2, Countries: M-Z, appendixes, index
Izzy Stone struggles to solve the mysteries surrounding her mentally ill mother and discover a place to truly call home.
The man died : prison notes of Wole Soyinka
Het penitentiair stelsel in Nederlands-Indie van 1905 tot 1940 = The penal system of the Netherlands East Indies from 1905 till 1940
Passport to hell : how I survived sadistic prison guards and hardened criminals in Spain's toughest prisons
Prison stories
Love songs from a shallow grave
Great escapes : Alcatraz, the Berlin Wall, Colditz, Devil's Island and 20 other stories of daring, audacity and ingenuity
Architecture of incarceration
Hard time : sixteen
Not about nightingales
Prison pit : Book 3
The defences of the weak : a sociological study of a Norwegian correctional institution
Coping, behavior and adapation in prison inmates
Mothering justice : working with mothers in criminal and social justice settings
Studies on the Dutch prison system
Privatization and the penal system : the American experience and the debate in Britain
Handbook on prisons
Eighteen-year-old Jamie Cole has recently been released from juvenile detention after serving time for murder. A former car thief, Jamie is now determined to go straight. As he struggles to get his life on track, the last thing he expects is to meet Ellie Pearce. Ellie, a bright and vivacious 17-year old, has just ended a long-term relationship with the star of her school's football team, Miles. Their relationship seemed picture-perfect, but Miles was possessive and emotionally abusive in private. After years of feeling caged, she's ready to break away, and the last thing she wants is something serious. She spends the night with Jamie and agrees to see him on a casual basis - but soon they both have to admit there's nothing casual about their chemistry. The original Wattpad sensation - fully revised and with brand new content.
Prisons
All chained up
Harry Potter and the prisoner of Azkaban
The wrong man
Killing time : surviving Dubai's most notorious prisons
Deathmatch. Volume two : a thousand cuts
Fighting to be free
A house with no windows : a novel
British prisons
A-Z of hell : Ross Kemp's how not to travel the world
The traitors
The count of Monte Cristo
The prison : studies in institutional organization and change
Jailhouse rock
Women in prison : a study in penal methods
CSI : NY. Four Walls
Prison and criminological aspects of the control of transmissible diseases including aids and related health problems in prison : recommendation no. R (93) 6 adopted by the Committee of Ministers of the Council of Europe on 18 October 1993 and explanatory report
A prisoner in the garden : opening Nelson Mandela's prison archive
Art and design community centre in Katajanokka : the design project of the re-use of Katajanokka prison
Inside Alcatraz : my time on the rock
Contemporary fiction. Della Hopkins has led a charmed life. Raised in rural New Hampshire by her widowed father Andrew, she now has a young daughter, a handsome fiancé, and her own search and rescue bloodhound. But as she plans her wedding, she is plagued by flashbacks of a life she can't recall.
The return of Zita the spacegirl
Bobby Sands : freedom fighter
The great jail break
America's correctional crisis : prison populations and public policy
Policy development in the public sector : an experiment
The glass cell
Prison pit : Book one
Back roads
Prisons past and future
Bars and shadows : the prison poems
Jail journeys : the English prison experience since 1918
The British penal system 1773-1950
Prison pit : Book 4
The state of the prisons - 200 years on
Judicial policy making and the modern state : how the courts reformed America's prisons
In the Orchard, the Swallows
The English prisons : their past and their future
Western European penal systems : a critical anatomy
There are bad boys and then there are the men of Devil's Rock ... Some men come with a built-in warning label. Knox Callaghan is one of them. Danger radiates from every lean, muscled inch of him, and his deep blue eyes seem to see right through to Briar Davis's most secret fantasies. But there's one major problem: Briar is a nurse volunteering at the local prison, and Knox is an inmate who should be off-limits in every way. Knox feels it too - a shocking animal magnetism that drives him to risk his own life to protect Briar's. Paroled at last, he tries to resist her. She's too innocent, too sweet, and she has no idea what Knox is capable of. But a single touch can lead to a kiss - and a taste ...until the only crime is denying what feels so right ... "When the prison doors are open, the real dragon will fly out." -Ho Chi Minh.
The devil in the Marshalsea
Victorian prison lives : English prison biography 1830-1914
Alcatraz : the gangster years
"Beyond the walls"
Little Dorrit
Notes from a dead house
The enchanted
Orange is the new black : my year in a women's prison
Mohammed Maguire
Doing time
The meanwhile adventures
The diary of a Gulag prison guard
