http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11063 fathers
fathers
Maximizing the moment - theories for the practice of editing
The reaction
Jesus' teaching on prayer
A boy called Christmas
Her father's sins
The you I never knew
In daddy's arms I am tall : African Americans celebrating fathers
Family life
We are pirates
Dadcando : build, make, do... the best way to spend quality time with your kids
Leopard's claw
Winters in the south
The eternal party : understanding my dad, Larry Hagman, the TV star America loved to hate
All of us and everything
Who's afraid?
Father loss : daughters discuss the man that got away
The dinosaur that pooped daddy!
Bright young things
Lenny has lunch
I hid my voice
Sisters in sanity
The ends of the Earth
Something different about dad : how to live with your amazing Asperger's parent
Will Curtis's six-year-old daughter, Ella, knows her father will never leave her. After all, he promised her so when her mother died. And he's going to do everything he can to keep his word. What Will doesn't know is that the promise he made to his little girl might be harder to keep than he imagined. When he's faced with an impossible decision, Will finds that the most obvious choice might not be the right one. But the future is full of unexpected surprises. And father and daughter are about to embark on an unforgettable journey together.
Women, men and children in families : private troubles and public issues
How the father-daughter relationship affects the daughter's identity : a socio-psychological analysis of Sandra Cisneros's The House on Mango Street and Caramelo
The familiar : one rainy day in May
The fragile world
You can't eat a princess!
The whole truth
Summer of ghosts
Good night, little bear
Found
The promise
From the author of 'Giraffes Can't Dance' and award-winning creators of 'I Love My Mummy' and 'I Love My Daddy' comes a picture book about the fun and excitement of being a year older. From birthday kisses to party games with friends, all the joy of the big day is captured through true-to-life humour and lovely pictures.
Creation machine : a novel of the Spin
The road to reckoning
The book of doubt :  a novel
Fear the worst
When Hazel Nash was six years old, her father taught her: mysteries need to be solved. He should know. Hazel's father is Jack Nash, the host of America's favorite conspiracy TV show, The House of Secrets. After an accident leaves her with no memory, Hazel Nash must put together the pieces of her past and present to find the truth about her father and his connection to a corpse found with a book found in his chest.
My dad used to be so cool
Kissing Alice
The house of widows : an oral history
Do not wash this bear
Anatomy of a disappearance
Land of hope and glory
Zombies on Kilimanjaro : a father-son journey above the clouds
A stain on the silence
Gone to the forest : a novel
"When you have a very famous father, like mine, everyone thinks they know him. My Dad, Larry Hagman, portrayed the storied, ruthless oilman JR on the TV series Dallas. He was the man everyone loved to hate, but he had a personal reputation of being a nice guy who fully subscribed to his motto: Have Fun, Don't Worry, Be Happy. Dad had a famous parent too, Mary Martin, known from many roles on Broadway, most memorably as Peter Pan. Off-stage she was a kind, elegant woman, who maintained the down home charm of her Texas roots. Both were performers to the core of their beings, masters at crafting their public images. They were beloved. And their relationship was complex and often fraught. My father never apologized for anything, even when he was wrong. But in the hours before he died, when I was alone with him in his hospital room, he begged for forgiveness. In his delirium he could not tell me what troubled him but somehow I found the words to comfort him. After he died I was compelled to learn why he felt the need to be forgiven. As I solved the troubling mystery of why my happy-go-lucky, pot-smoking, LSD-taking Dad had spent his last breaths begging to be forgiven, I also came to know my father and grandmother better than I had known them in life"--
Paris, Texas
Silence is goldfish
Daylight saving
How to be a happy hippo
It is the aftermath of civil war in the vast pageant of planets and stars known as The Spin. Three years since he crushed the rebellion, Viklun Haas, industrialist and leader of the Hegemony, is eliminating all remnants of the opposition. Starting with his own daughter. But Fleare Haas, fighter for Society Otherwise has had a long time to plan her next move. Sprung from her remote monastery prison and reuniting with a team of loyal friends, Fleare's journey will take her across The Spin to the cluster of fallen planets known as the The Catastrophy Curve - and from exile, to the very frontiers of war. Meanwhile, in the brutal and despotic empire of The Fortunate, word is reaching viceroy Alameche of a most unusual piece of plunder from their latest invasion. For hundreds of millions of years, the bizarre planets and stars of The Spin itself have been the only testament to the god-like engineers that created it. Now, buried in the earth of a ruined planet, one of their machines has been found...
The map and the territory
Hotel on the corner of Bitter and Sweet : a novel
Looking for Alibrandi
Death by water
White crow
The soulmate
Fortunately, the milk
My dad's the best!
The first love cookie club
Recounts how the author, an experienced falconer grieving the sudden death of her father, endeavored to train for the first time a dangerous goshawk predator as part of her personal recovery.
The Kinsella sisters
Shine on, Daizy Star
Vanishing acts
Night night, sleep tight : a novel of suspense
The expectant father : the ultimate guide for dads-to-be
Archie Wilson & the Nuckelavee
Richard Scarry's Good night, Little Bear
People places things
Abstract: "Patriotism" as a political concept in Sweden in the 1860s.
The drowning game : a novel
The sweetness at the bottom of the pie
The seal's fate
The storied life of A. J. Fikry : a novel
What to expect when you're expecting
School for dads
What does it mean to become a boy today? How does boyhood manifest itself in different contexts? How can we describe fathers and sons in contemporary society? And can we make the invisible boy visible in ways alternative to those of media? This publication is the outcome of an international, multidisciplinary exploration of how boys become boys and how boys form identities today. The project was global in its scope and included 24 artists and academics from Sweden, USA, Turkey, UK, Finland, New Zealand, Croatia, Nigeria, Switzerland, India, Canada and Italy have contributed to the Invisible Boy. The publication with its 20 chapters includes academic papers, video, drawings, digital images, photography and music. Combining a variety of intellectual expressions the chapters forms a joint example of multimodal explorations to further understandings of complex matters such as gendered identity making. The contributions are organised in four themes: Negotiating Identity, Bodily Existence, Boyhood Interrupted, and Gender and Contemporary Media.
Just call my name
Gods & monsters : a queer film classic
The last horseman
Father of the rain
Life is sweet : six fabulous chocolate box stories
I love my birthday
Then came the evening
The terrible privacy of Maxwell Sim
An expanded and updated month-to-month guide to the emotional, financial, and physical changes the father-to-be may experience during his partner's pregnancy.
Dad's guide to baby's first year for dummies
The matchbreaker
When a man who sometimes sees things before they happen has a terrifying premonition about the drowning death of his daughter, he sacrifices everything to prevent the tragedy.
About Grace
What mommies do best ; What daddies do best
Did I mention I love you?
Wick is used to relying on herselfand only herself. But shes going to have to learn to trust someone if shes going to finally escape her demons
Gendered violence : patterns and causes of women-to-women violence in the Lake Zone regions of Tanzania, East Africa
Extremely loud and incredibly close
Nathalia Buttface and the totally embarrassing bridesmaid disaster
The Didache : a window on the earliest Christians
Sometimes the wolf : a novel
Shadowed by grace : a story of monuments men
The confirmation
Bulletproof vest : the ballad of an outlaw and his daughter
H is for hawk
H Is for hawk
The Reaction is the explosive sequel to Helena Coggan's stunning debut The Catalyst. For the first time in her life, fifteen-year-old Rose Elmsworth is alone. Her father, David, has been imprisoned and disgraced, a death sentence almost certain. She has been rejected by the Department, the amoral law-enforcement agency in which she grew up. Most dangerous of all is the terrible secret she and her father have been keeping all her life: if exposed, it has the power to destroy her. But Rose cannot stay hidden forever. Around her, the world is changing faster than either she or the Department can stop it. The laws which have for years maintained peace between magicals and non-magicals are breaking down, and two rival militias are gathering on the streets to prepare for a devastating war. As deeper, darker elements of her father's past emerge, Rose begins to understand that the rules of good and evil in which she has always believed will not protect her anymore. In a world of monsters, how long can trust, loyalty and justice survive? And how much will Rose herself have to change to stay alive?
The unseen world
Paternal age, psychosis, and mortality:the Northern Finland 1966 Birth Cohort, Helsinki 1951–1960 Schizophrenia Cohort, and Finnish Nonaffective Psychosis Cohort
The House of Secrets
Time to say goodbye
The killing woods
The Godborn
Blood men : a thriller
Half wild
Harry Potter and the cursed child. Parts one and two
Finding Mr. Flood
Teaching of the Twelve Apostles (1884)
Supporting parenthood in interaction : a conversation analytic study of maternity and child health clinics
Father's day
The Bradshaw variations
If I were you
Playing from the heart
Invisible Boy : the making of contemporary masculinities
Grace & family
Go set a watchman : a novel
Sometimes the wolf
Stalin's daughter
Last horseman
All about the hype
Go set a watchman
Abstract (s. 4) .
The shadow of the wind : a novel
The fast way to a perfect father of the bride's speech : bullet guide
She is not invisible
After her : a novel
This is my family : a first look at same-sex parents
This is an epic historical adventure set during the Boer War. Dublin, 1899. On a foul night in a troubled city, lawyer Joseph Radcliffe watches the execution of a young Irish rebel. Radcliffe, together with his black American comrade Benjamin Pierce, has made a living defending the toughest cases in Dublin, but is haunted by the spectre of his defeats, the loss of his wife and child and his difficult relationship with his surviving son, Edward. While Ireland smoulders with rebellion, war breaks out in South Africa and when, after an argument with his father, Edward runs away to join the Irish forces fighting there, Radcliffe, accompanied by Pierce, sets out to find him and bring him home. South Africa, 1900. Both Radcliffe and Pierce have known war. Former cavalrymen in the US army, they have seen enough killing to last them a lifetime. But eight hundred miles north of Cape Town, amid the trackless veld, they experience the bloody brutality of a conflict that the British generals are shocked to discover they are losing. Under fire from Boer snipers and artillery, distrusted by the British forces, the two old soldiers will find their survival skills tested to the hilt as they search for the missing boy in this epic tale of heroism and treachery, love and loyalty.
Insufferable. [1]
Filicide, intra-familial child homicides in Finland 1970-1994
Half a king
Surfacing
Paternal age, psychosis, and mortality : the Northern Finland 1966 Birth Cohort, Helsinki 1951–1960 Schizophrenia Cohort, and Finnish Nonaffective Psychosis Cohort
Contemporary fiction. Della Hopkins has led a charmed life. Raised in rural New Hampshire by her widowed father Andrew, she now has a young daughter, a handsome fiancé, and her own search and rescue bloodhound. But as she plans her wedding, she is plagued by flashbacks of a life she can't recall.
Daddy loves me!
It had to be you
Danny the champion of the world
