http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11062 stay-at-home fathers
stay-at-home fathers
The Lake of Dreams
Working mothers in Finland: a cross-country comparison of work to family interference, work characteristics and satisfaction with life
Family man : fatherhood, housework, and gender equity
Principals matter : a guide to school, family, and community partnerships
Two nests
The corrections
The Bradshaw variations
Go Set a Watchman
Bright young things
Stepfamily relationships : development, dynamics, and interventions
Captain Fantastic
Go set a watchman
Parental leave for fathers? : gendered conceptions and practices in families with young children in Finland
Heimat : a critical theory of the German idea of homeland
The joint effects of parenting styles and the child's temperamental characteristics in children's social-emotional development
This is where I leave you
Women, men and children in families : private troubles and public issues
Children in their learning environments : theoretical perspectives
The limits of patriarchy : how female networks of pilfering and gossip sparked the first debates on rural gender rights in the 19th-century Finnish-language press
Picture this
This is the story of a fracturing family in a moment of crisis. Over the course of three weeks in present-day Washington DC, three sons watch their parents' marriage falter and their family home fall apart. Meanwhile, a larger catastrophe is engulfing another part of the world: a massive earthquake devastates the Middle East, sparking a pan-Arab invasion of Israel. With global upheaval in the background and domestic collapse in the foreground, Jonathan Safran Foer asks us - what is the true meaning of home? Can one man ever reconcile the conflicting duties of his many roles - husband, father, son? And how much of life can a person bear?
The mine
Handy dad : 25 awesome projects for dads and kids
A user's guide to neglectful parenting
Sword of vengeance
The illustrated mum
The blue bedspread : [a novel]
Families at work : expanding the boundaries
Presentation of 29 Finnish illustrators
How the sun got to Coco's house
The typical American family has changed dramatically since the days of "Ozzie and Harriet" and "Father Knows Best." Double-income families are now the rule, and fathers are much more involved in raising the children and cleaning house. Reactions to these changes have been diverse, ranging from grave misgivings to a sense of liberation and new possibility. Groups as diverse as Promise Keepers, the Million Man March, and Robert Bly's mythopoetic men's movement tell us that fathers are important. From the fundamentalist right to the feminist left, opinions about the changing nature of the family--and the consequent rethinking of gender roles--have been vehement, if not always very well-founded. In Family Man, sociologist Scott Coltrane brings a wealth of compelling evidence to this debate over the American family. Drawing on his own extensive research and many fascinating interviews, Coltrane explodes many of the common myths about shared parenting, provides first-hand accounts of men's and women's feelings in two-job families, and reveals some innovative solutions that couples have developed to balance job and family commitments. Readers will find an insightful discussion of precisely how and why family life has changed, what forms it may take in the future, and what new kinds of fathers may be on the horizon.
Come on everybody, time to play!
