http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11064 military forces
military forces
Horror and human tragedy revisited : the management of sites of atrocities for tourism
The military and society in Latin America
The medieval knight at war
KL : a history of the Nazi concentration camps
States of conflict : gender, violence and resistance
Perspectives on the evolving nature of military power
The Cambridge history of warfare
Military ad hoc networks
Security and economy in the Third World
The narrow road to the deep north
Women and the military system : proceedings of a symposium arranged by the International Peace Bureau and Peace Union of Finland
A song for summer
Military coups and instability in Nigeria
The Soviet military system
The age of Hippotoxotai : art of war in Roman military revival and disaster (491-636)
The Roman war machine
Intelligence in war : knowledge of the enemy from Napoleon to Al-Qaeda
Where have all the soldiers gone? : the transformation of modern Europe
Making gender, making war : violence, military and peacekeeping practices
Taking ideology seriously : 21st century reconfigurations
Amerikansk engelsk-svensk militärordbok = American English-Swedish military dictionary
Strategy in the contemporary world : an introduction to strategic studies
The narrow road to the deep North
After the bombing
The Russian War Machine 1917-1945
Power at the Pentagon
How Russia makes a war : Soviet military doctrine
A history of the Soviet army
English weapons & warfare 449-1660
The grand strategy of the Roman Empire from the first century A.D. to the third
The best-ever book of Castles
The knight in the medieval England 1000-1400
Chinese warfighting : The PLA experience since 1949
Shakespeare's England : an account of the life & manners of his age. Volume 1.
United States army : issues, background and bibliography
The Roman legions recreated in colour photographs
In pursuit of mobility : the birth and development of Israeli Operational Art : from theory to practice
Maneuvers takes readers on a global tour of the sprawling process called "militarization." With her incisive verve and moxie, eminent feminist Cynthia Enloe shows that the people who become militarized are not just the obvious ones - executives and factory floor workers who make fighter planes, land mines, and intercontinental missiles. They are also the employees of food companies, toy companies, clothing companies, film studios, stock brokerages, and advertising agencies. Militarization is never gender-neutral, Enloe claims: It is a personal and political transformation that relies on ideas about femininity and masculinity. Films that equate action with war, condoms that are designed with a camouflage pattern, fashions that celebrate brass buttons and epaulettes, tomato soup that contains pasta shaped like Star Wars weapons - all of these contribute to militaristic values that mold our culture in both war and peace. Presenting new and groundbreaking material that builds on Enloe's acclaimed work in Does Khaki Become You? and Bananas, Beaches, and Bases, Maneuvers takes an international look at the politics of masculinity, nationalism, and globalization. Enloe ranges widely from Japan to Korea, Serbia, Kosovo, Rwanda, Britain, Israel, the United States, and many points in between. She covers a broad variety of subjects: gays in the military, the history of "camp followers," the politics of women who have sexually serviced male soldiers, married life in the military, military nurses, and the recruitment of women into the military. One chapter titled "When Soldiers Rape" explores the many facets of the issue in countries such as Chile, the Philippines, Okinawa, Rwanda, and the United States. Enloe outlines the dilemmas feminists around the globe face in trying to craft theories and strategies that support militarized women, locally and internationally, without unwittingly being militarized themselves. She explores the complicated militarized experiences of women as prostitutes, as rape victims, as mothers, as wives, as nurses, and as feminist activists, and she uncovers the "maneuvers" that military officials and their civilian supporters have made in order to ensure that each of these groups of women feel special and separate.
The economic and social impact of reductions in defence spending and military forces on the regions of the Community
Women soldiers : images and realities
The army in Finland during the last decades of Swedish rule (1770-1809)
Highlighting gendered violence across layers of social and political organization, from the military to the sexual, this book explores the connections between international security, intra-state conflict and 'domestic' violence. International in scope, it makes the links between the local and the global and between the public and the private, in its discussion of gendered violence. Claiming that it is not enough to simply 'add' women to international relations theory, the contributors to this book brilliantly demonstrate how much more fruitful an in-depth analysis of the different layers of gendered violence can be. This book will be necessary reading for students and academics of women's studies, international relations and political theory.
Swear like a trooper : a dictionary of military terms and phrases
Reforming the Tsar's army : military innovation in Imperial Russia from Peter the Great to the Revolution
The Imperial Russian Army and navy in Finland 1808-1918
How Russia makes war : Soviet military doctrine
Institute of Military Science 1918-1989 : a brief history
The international military collectors guide
The German lesson
Securing Southeast Asia : the politics of security sector reform
The soldier and the nation : the role of the military in Polish politics, 1918-1985
The Roman army from Caesar to Trajan
The Roman army 31 BC - AD 337 : a sourcebook
The call of duty : military awards and decorations of the United States of America
Knight : the warrior and world of chivalry
Heavenly warriors : the evolution of Japan's military, 500-1300
Red Army handbook 1939-45
The imperial Roman army
The military history of tsarist Russia
Toward a European army : a military power in the making?
The book of the medieval knight
The long sword
War and the world : military power and the fate of continents, 1450-2000
Camouflage isn't only for combat : gender, sexuality, and women in the military
Handbook of military institutions : prepared by Inter-University seminar on armed forces and society
The dragonfly pool
The knight in medieval England 1000-1400
Summary.
Historical dictionary of ancient Greek warfare
The philosophy of Chinese military culture : Shih vs. Li
English medieval knight 1400-1500
In the United States, the question of women in the armed services has been continuously and hotly debated. Among feminists, two fundamentally differing views of women in the military have developed. Feminist antimilitarists tell us that militarism and patriarchy have together pressed women into second class citizenship. Meanwhile, feminist soldiers and their advocates regard martial service as women's right and responsibility and the ticket to first class citizenship. Citizenship Rites investigates what is at stake for women in these debates. Exploring the perspectives of both feminist antimilitarists and feminist soldiers, Ilene Feinman situates the current combat controversy within the context of the sea change in United States politics since the 1970s-from ERA debates over drafting women to recent representations of military women such as the film GI Jane. Drawing on congressional testimony, court cases, feminist and antiracist political discourse, and antimilitarist activism, Feinman addresses our pressing need for an analysis of women's increasing inclusion in the armed forces while providing a provocative investigation of what this changing role means for women and society alike.
The Soviet high command : a military-political history 1918-1941
The Fighting Man : the Illustrated History of the World's Greatest Fighting Forces through the Ages
On some social influences of the military organization
Abstracts of research projects completed in the year 2000.
Images of women in peace and war : cross-cultural and historical perspectives
Military ethics : guidelines for peace and war
The revolution in military affairs : implications for Canada and NATO
The Ill made knight
Armies of medieval Russia 750-1250
On war
The Soviet general staff at war 1941-1945
Archaiologia on Archaic Greek body armour
In pursuit of mobility : the birth and development of Israeli Operational Doctrine from the 1910 to the 1960s
Maneuvers : the international politics of militarizing women's lives
The Roman army : an illustrated study
Reorganisation of the Russian armed forces (2005-2015)
Citizenship rites : feminist soldiers and feminist antimilitarists
Army life in the '90s
Elite fighting forces : from the ancient world to the SAS
Russian military reform 1992-2002
The Knight and chivalry
The judiciary and politics in Pakistan : (a study)
