http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11084 landowners
landowners
Malayan spymaster : memoirs of a rubber planter, bandit fighter, and spy
Payments for environmental services : some nuts and bolts
Peasant petitions : social relations and economic life on landed estates, 1600-1850
The profession of violence : the rise and fall of the Kray twins
NGP yearbook 2012 : negotiating resources, engaging people : human-environment relations in the North
Masters of the big house : elite slaveholders of the mid-nineteenth-century South
Marriage, debt, and the estates system : English landownership, 1650-1950
Social relations : property and power
The emergence of a ruling order : English landed society, 1650-1750
The European financial market in transition
Oilopoly  : Putin, power and the rise of new Russia
This study examined the extent to which farmer cooperatives enjoy social capital within their memberships as they become internationalised. The empirical basis was a survey of farmers in Finland. Findings from limited dependent variable regression models suggest that one group of farmers is loyal to the cooperative and opposes its foreign investments. A second and a third group have lower levels of social capital and switch membership status between multiple cooperatives or opt out of cooperatives. These farmers welcome international investment. This finding was more significant for individual farm types than the social capital-linked opposition to internationalisation. A general conclusion is that the internationalization of cooperatives seems affect the members' trust in the cooperative differently. The increasing heterogeneity within the memberships may give rise to governance problems.
Lost plantations of the South
Successes and failures : Polish landowners from the Nine Western Provinces in the elections to the Russian State Duma and State Council in the years 1906-1913
"This book examines the structures and texture of rural social relationships, using one type of document found in abundance over all the four component parts of Britain and Ireland: petitions from tenants to their landlords. Exploring the authorship, form, and style of more than 2,000 petitions as well as their content, and looking at variations in petitioning as a communication strategy, it uses requests for help to understand the diverse material and social lives of those who worked the land in an era of profound change. Ranging over the many practices of lordship and estate management, the book offers unexpected angles on many aspects of society and economy on estates in north-west England, the Highland margin of Scotland, the north of Ireland, and Wales. Broad in geographical and chronological scope, it integrates, compares, and contrasts the experience of the rural population in different parts of the British Isles. Primarily social and cultural in focus, it also extends understandings of local, regional, and national histories. "--
Dead souls
Dead souls : a poem
Changing land management : adoption of new practices by rural landholders
Farmers' reactions to the internationalisation of cooperatives
"Expounds on the nature of white-collar crime and examines its relationship with corporate social responsibility, governance and corporate reputation. Presents different approaches for repairing damaged corporate reputations; explains how internal governance and investigations can be conducted. Discusses stages in corporate social responsibility and underscores knowledge management as an imperative tool to combat white-collar crime and build corporate reputation"--Provided by publisher.
The impact of foreign investment on corporate governance in emerging markets : a case study of Kenya
The gypsy goddess
The landgrabbers : the new fight over who owns the planet
The black lake
Modern company law for a European economy : ways and means
Europe's natural and cultural heritage : the european estate
Owning Russia : the struggle over factories, farms, and power
The control of corporate Europe
Green River daydreams : a novel
On handling of geological problems in connection with statutory survey transactions
The landowners of the Argentine Pampas : a social and political history, 1860-1945
This volume aims to define the changing nature of lordship in Viking and early medieval Scandinavia. Advances in settlement archaeology and cultural geography have revealed new aspects of social power in Viking Age and early medieval Scandinavia. New sources and approaches allow us to question the traditional view that Scandinavian aristocrats developed from Viking raiders into Christian landlords. Seventeen thematic chapters by leading scholars survey and assess the state of research and provide a new baseline for interdisciplinary discussions. How were social ties structured? How did lordship and dependency materialize in modes of agriculture, settlement, landscape, and monuments? The book traces the power of tributary relations, forged through personal ties, gifts, duties, and feasting in great halls, and their gradual transformation into the feudal bonds of levies and land-rent.
Land tenure systems and forest policy
Corporate governance in the European Union
Studies on corporate social responsibility in the Finnish small business context
Proceedings of the Biennial Meeting of the Scandinavian Society of Forest Economics, Uppsala, Sweden, 8th-11th May, 2006
Japan's protoindustrial elite : the economic foundations of the gōnō
Finnish forestry practice and management
The geography of finance : corporate governance in the global marketplace
Depicting management ideas of private forest owners' : an assessment of general trends in Sweden based on new theoretical ideas
Global perspectives on corporate governance and CSR
Strategy and innovation model for the entrepreneurial forest owner
An ordinary marriage : the world of a gentry family in provincial Russia
Values and objectives of non-industrial private forest owners in Finland
Leviathans at the gold mine : creating indigenous and corporate actors in Papua New Guinea
Population, economic welfare and holding size distribution of private forestland in Alabama, USA
Summary.
Forest policy analysis
U.S. landowner behavior, land use and land cover changes, and climate change mitigation
The organization of society formed a crucial element in the remarkable development of the countryside in the North Sea area in the last 1500 years. Vital questions are: who owned the land? Who gained the profits from its exploitation? How was the use of rural resources controlled and changed? These questions have no simple answers, because the land has been subjected to competing claims, varying from region to region. In early times peasants mostly possessed and worked their holdings, but lords took much of the produce, and had the ultimate control over the land. In more recent times the occupiers and cultivators gained stronger rights over their farms. Neither lords nor peasants were free agents because communities governed the use of common lands. In the highly urbanized North Sea region towns and townspeople had considerable and increasing influence over the countryside. Change came from within society, for example from the tension and negotiation between lords and peasants, and the growing importance of the state and its policies. This volume also looks at the interaction between society and external changes, such as the rise and fall of the market, trends in population, and European integration.
Summary: Control of use and dynamics of natural resources in private land areas.
Settlement and lordship in Viking and early medieval Scandinavia
Within the plantation household : black and white women of the Old South
Comparative corporate governance : shareholders as a rule-maker
Addressing the demand for and supply of ecosystem services in agriculture through market-based and target-based policy measures
Corporate social responsibility, governance and corporate reputation
Mugabe and the white African
There's no place like home : the Medieval village as a protected archaeological site and modern farm
The dynamics of change in North Korea : an institutionalist perspective
Fixing the game : bubbles, crashes, and what capitalism can learn from the NFL
Power, labor, and livelihood : processes of change in rural Java
