http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11052 shorelevel displacement
shorelevel displacement
Ice sheets and late quaternary environmental change
Land uplift in the Olkiluoto-Pyhäjärvi area, southwestern Finland, during the last 8000 years
Diatom stratigraphy and the palaeoenvironment of the Yoldia Sea in the Gulf of Finland, Baltic Sea
The holocene environment and prehistoric settlement in the North-eastern Baltic area
Post-glacial shore-level displacement of the Baltic in SW Finland
Prehistoric rock art in Scandinavia : agency and environmental change
Sedentism on the Finnish northwest coast : shoreline reduction and reduced mobility
Abstract.
Telkkälä, Muolaa : a multi-period dwelling site on the Karelian Isthmus
Shoreline dating of the Säräisniemi 1 -ceramics in Finland
The changing level of the Baltic Sea during 300 years : a clue to understanding the earth
Man & sea in the mesolithic : coastal settlement above and below present sea level : proceedings of the international symposium, Kalundborg, Denmark 1993
Development of ancient lake Päijänne and the history of the surrounding forests
Studies on the chronology, material culture and subsistence economy of the Finnish Mesolithic, 10 000-6000 b.p
Dig it all : papers dedicated to Ari Siiriäinen
Calibration curves representing shore displacement of the Baltic based on radiocarbon ages in the Karjaa, Perniö, Turku, Mynämäki, and Laitila areas, SW Finland
The Holocene development of the Pennala basin, Southern Finland, was studied using lithostratigraphical and biostratigraphical methods, shore level surveys and radiocarbon dating in the areas adjacent to the I Salpausselkä icemarginal formation. The study results give an improved picture of the shoreline displacement and palaeoenvironment of the Pennala basin during the period of 10000-2500 14C yr BP (ca. 11400-2600 cal yr BP).The results indicate that the Ancylus Lake stage in the Pennala basin occurred during the Preboreal and Early Boreal chronozones around 9600-8900 14C yr BP (ca. 10900-10000 cal yr BP). The transgression was followed by a long-term lake phase, which ended, due to overgrowth of the basin, at ca. 2900 14C yr BP (ca. 3000 cal yr BP). The highest Ancylus shoreline in the area is located at 71 m a.s.l. The altitude of the ancient Pennala Lake is located at 68.5 m a.s.l.The Pennala basin and adjacent areas were inhabited by Stone Age dwellers during the Middle Neolithic period. The dated evidence of the Early Mesolithic settlement in the area remains scarce. During the Early Mesolithic period the Pennala basin was a sheltered bay of the Ancylus Lake and during the Middle Neolithic period of settlement ca. 5500-3500 14C yr BP (ca. 6300-3800 cal yr BP) the basin served Neolithic dwellers as a small inland lake.
Glacial and postglacial history of the Baltic Sea and Finland
The Kitka lake complex (Kitkajärvi), some 300 km² in total area, is located at an altitude of 240.2 m a.s.l. on the Maanselkä watershed. Its waters flow eastwards to the White Sea via the river Kitkajoki. The western parts of the lake basin in particular feature shores now situated on dry land. The clearest raised shore-line represents a phase of Kitkajärvi called here Early Kitka. The postglacial history of the lake complex is studied here by means of trend-surface analysis and a combination of pollen stratigraphy with radio-carbon dating. The area is shown to have undergone deglaciation around 9400-9500 B. P. and to have been supra-aquatic from the outset. The Early Kitka shore‑line now slopes from west to east with a gradient of approx. 0.2 m/km. At this early phase the lake possessed bifurcation features, having one outflow channel eastwards via Kitkajoki and another westwards into the Gulf of Bothnia via Livojärvi. This latter route, which most probably existed immediately on deglaciation, was closed around 8400 B. P. A gradient curve for the Kitka region is presented based on dated shore-lines, and this suggests an exponential decrease in shore level gradients towards the present day.
The duration of shore exposure along the emerging Finnish coast
A gradient/time curve for dating Stone Age shorelines in Finland
Rock art and seascapes in Uppland
Shore-level displacement of the prehistoric dwelling sites in the ancient Lake Saimaa complex
On the recent uplift of the earth's crust in Finland
A late Litorina transgression in the district of Porvoo in Southern Finland
The postglacial history of Kitkajärvi, North-eastern Finland, as indicated by trend-surface analysis and radio-carbon dating
Second assessment of climate change for the Baltic Sea basin / : The BACC II Author Team
Spatio-temporal properties of tree-species belts during primary succession on rising Gulf of Bothnia coastlines
Relative sea level changes in the eastern part of the Gulf of Finland during the last 8000 years
Maritime landscape in change : archaeological, historical, palaeological and geological studies on Western Uusimaa
Uusi maa = Nytt land = New land
The post-glacial shore-line displacement in the Kuopio district
Shore displacement in Western Uusimaa 500 BC - AD 1500.
The Late Weichselian history of Halland, southwestern Sweden : deglaciation, vegetational and climatic development, and shore displacement
Landscape and soil erosion history in Central Tanzania : a study based on lacustrine, colluvial and alluvial deposits
Shore displacement and Stone Age dwelling sites near Helsinki, southern coast of Finland
Holocene development of the Pennala basin with special reference to the palaeoenvironment of Meso- and Neolithic dwelling sites, Lahti-Orimattila, Southern Finland
Sea-level studies along the coast of southwestern Norway : with emphasise on three short-lived Holocene marine events
The history of the Litorina Sea and associated holocene events
Deglaciation and shoreline displacement in Vopnafjördur, northeastern Iceland
Seaward Landward : investigations on the archaeological source value of the landing site category in the Baltic Sea region
The late-quaternary land uplift in the Baltic sphere and the relation diagram of the raised and tilted shore levels
Few and far between : an archive survey of Finnish blade finds
Emergence history of the Karelian Isthmus
Township and territory : a study of rural land-use and settlement patterns in Åland c. A.D. 500-1550
Archaeological data on shore displacements in Norway : including a bibliography
Interpretation of expected and unexpected results from multi-method analyses of a PWC pottery context
Ecology and Economy in Stone Age and Bronze Age Scania
Elevated rock art : towards a maritime understanding of rock art in northern Bohuslän
About 62 percent of Finland's current surface area has been covered by the waters of the Baltic basin at some stage. The highest shorelines are located at a present altitude of about 220 metres above sea level in the north and 100 metres above sea level in the south-east. The nature of the Baltic Sea has alternated in the course of its four main postglacial stages between a freshwater lake and a brackish water basin connected to the outside ocean by narrow straits. This article provides a general overview of the principal stages in the history of the Baltic Sea and examines the regional influence of the associated shore displacement phenomena within Finland. The maps depicting the various stages have been generated digitally by GIS techniques.Following deglaciation, the freshwater Baltic Ice Lake (12,600-10,300 BP) built up against the ice margin to reach a level 25 metres above that of the ocean, with an outflow through the straits of Öresund. At this stage the only substantial land areas in Finland were in the east and south-east. Around 10,300 BP this ice lake discharged through a number of channels that opened up in central Sweden until it reached the ocean level, marking the beginning of the mildly saline Yoldia Sea stage (10,300-9500 BP). As the connecting channels rose above sea level, however, the Baltic Sea became confined once more, to form the Ancylus Lake (9500-8000 BP). During its existence the outflow channel to the ocean shifted to the Straits of Denmark and the major lake systems of central Finland became isolated from the Baltic basin. After the brief Mastogloia transition phase, a greater influx of saline water began to take place through the Straits of Denmark, marking the Litorina Sea stage (7500- 4000 BP), to be followed by a somewhat less saline stage known as the Limnea Sea. After a transgressive period early in the Litorina Sea stage, shoreline displacement in Finland has proceeded at a steadily declining rate.
Stratigraphy and chronology of a Stone Age pithouse in Raahe, northern Ostrobothnia
Environmental studies in Eastern Finland : reports of the Ancient Lake Saimaa Project
History and prehistory of Lake Vetsijärvi
The shore-line displacement on southern lake Saimaa
Future floating community for Singapore 2030
Studies relating to shore displacement and Stone Age chronology in Finland
Fennoscandian land uplift : proceedings of a symposium at Tvärminne, April 10-11, 1986, arranged by the Finnish National Committee for Quaternary Research
The Post-glacial shore-line displacement in the Kuopio district
The Late Weichselian and Flandrian history of the Saimaa lake complex
Finland possesses 72 waterway systems of over 200 square kilometres in size. The five largest of them account for the majority of the country's surface area. Furthermore, there are almost 188,000 lakes of more than five ares in size. Altogether 9.9 percent of the surface area consists of water. The lakes have been created over the last 10,000 years or so, either through the emergence of their basins from beneath the ice sheet of the last glaciation or, in most cases, through isolation from the Baltic basin. In this article, the post-glacial history of the main watercourses and lake basins in Finland and the effects of recent human activity on them and on the quality of their water are examined.On account of the uneven pattern of land uplift, most of the large waterway systems, such as the Saimaa, Päijänne, Näsijärvi, and Puula watercourses of the Lake District, have altered their outflow in the course of time, some of them more than once. The majority of these hydrological changes took place in the interval 8500-4500 BP. In the case of Lake Oulujärvi and Lake Vanajavesi, a transgression that has been going on for thousands of years has led to rises in water level of as much as 10-15 metres. In the case of Lake Höytiäinen, uncontrolled erosion of the outflow channel in connection with an effort at lowering the water level led to a sudden drop of almost ten metres. Elsewhere, the changes in outflow channels meant that the main watershed in the Lake District shifted up to 300 kilometres in a SE-NW direction. Meanwhile, human activity has led to the total or partial drainage of about 3,000 lakes in different parts of the country. About four-fifths of the inland water area in Finland is of good or excellent water quality and only five percent is of moderate or poor quality.
Studies on the late-Quaternary history of Pielis-Karelia, eastern Finland
Environmental background for the rise and fall of villages and megastructures in North Ostrobotnia 4000-2000 cal BC
Elevated rock art : towards a maritime understanding of bronze age rock art in Northern Bohuslän, Sweden
Archaeological shore displacement chronology in Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland
Post-glacial history of lake Näsijärvi, Finland, and the origin of the Tammerkoski Rapids
Excavations at Helgö. 11, The Holocene development of landscape and environment in the south-east Mälaren valley, with special reference to Helgö
Succession on a land uplift coast in relation to plant strategy theory
Late Weichselian and Holocene shore displacement history of the Baltic Sea in Finland
The archaeology of the ancient Lake Kolpene in Rovaniemi : a review of investigations
The Mesolithic stone age of eastern middle Sweden
Human responses to shore displacement : living by the sea in Eastern Middle Sweden during the Stone Age
Development of ancient Lake Päijänne and the history of the surrouding forests
The Late Weichselian deglaciation, vegetational development and shore displacement in Halland, southwestern Sweden
Long-term changes in lake and river systems in Finland
Mesolithic settlement during the Preboreal period in Finland
A model to date Stone Age sites within an area of abnormal uplift in Southern Finland
The Litorina transgression in the Helsinki region, southern Finland: new evidence from coastal mire deposits
