http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11042 forestry land
forestry land
Finland : country of forests
The story of the circle "G"
Report to the Government of Brazil on a forest inventory in the Amazon Valley. Part. 4, Region between Rio Tocantins and Rios Guamá and Capim
Report to the Government of Turkey on forestry and forest industries development : (UNDP/FAO consultancy mission)
XIV. IUFRO-Kongress : München 1967. 6, Referate - Papers - Exposés, VI, Section 25.
Soil hydrological properties and conditions, site preparation, and the long-term performance of planted Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) on upland forest sites in Finnish Lapland
Three plantations in the Philippines and Thailand : economic, social and environmental evaluation
The forests of West Africa and the Sahara : a study of modern conditions
Evaluating the forester in the environmental age
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
Silvicultural notes on a tour of West Africa, 1970
Agriculture, forestry and fishery statistics : 2016 edition
Labour and wage organisation in the logging industry of the USSR
Report to the Government of Brazil on a forest inventory in the Amazon Valley. Part 3, Region between Rio Tabajos and Rio Madeira
The forests and forestry of Finland
Biogeochemistry in acid sulphate soil landscapes and small urban centres in Western Finland
Plants for man
Forest statistics for the United States, by state and region, 1970.
Environmental Services provided by the Nordic-Baltic Forests : extended abstracts of the CAR-ES network meeting in Finland 20.-22.10.2014
Benefits of agricultural and forestry machinery standardization in Finland
The French lumber market
Greenhouse gas dynamics of farmed or forested organic soils in Finland
Wood demand and supply in Japan (economical approach)
Main features in Finnish forestry
Women, environmental changes and forestry-related development : gender-affected roles of rural people in land degradation and environmental rehabilitation in a dry region of Sudan
Index to Map of the Northern Wood Industries
The soils of the Kingdom of Thailand : explanatory text of the general soil map
An outline of Norwegian forestry : with an introduction to Norwegian Forest Industry
Nutrient fluxes in managed boreal forests
Variation in temperature challenges crop production and animal farming. Elevated temperatures are often harmful, though may also open opportunities at high latitudes. Impacts depend on the vulnerability of the object, production system and their resilience to climatic variability. The station-wise temperature observations from the Finnish Meteorological Institute for a time period of 54 years (1961‒2014) were interpolated to a regular 10 km × 10 km grid covering the whole country. Several successive time slices were used to measure the likelihood for: 1) elevated temperatures of a) ≥1 °C above normal for three weeks, b) ≥2 °C above normal for two weeks and c) ≥3 °C above normal for one week, and 2) heatwaves with daily maximum temperature >25 °C for: a) 5 days (short) or b) 14 days (long episode). We also estimated the likelihood of warm winds in the early growing season which may enhance pest migration. We found large spatial and temporal variations in the likelihoods of elevated temperatures with many impacts on crop production, animal farming and welfare. In fact, only 1 °C temperature elevation may already be harmful, though in some cases also beneficial depending on region and vulnerability or adaptation of the object and production system. Though we show only some examples of the potential impacts of temperature variation on high latitude agro-ecosystems, these data are valuable as such for much wider applications in agriculture and beyond that.
Outlines of Finland's forestry and forest policy
Perspectives forestieres : Maroc 1953.
Report to the Government of Brazil on a forest inventory in the Amazon Valley. Part 2, Region between Rio Xingu and Rio Tocantins
Forest & landscape research
Advancing Agroforestry on the Policy Agenda : a guide for decision-makers
The effect of grazing history on fungal diversity in broadleaved wood pastures
Human disturbance on Polylepis mountain forests in Peruvian Andes
Finnish forestry practice and management
State and development of the wood-based panel industries in West and Central Africa : Findings and recommendations
Forest resources, lumber industry and lumber export trade of Norway
A working plan for southern hardwoods, and its results
Afforestation in Israel
Can learning from the past help to predict the future in the environmental impact assessment on reindeer husbandry?
Soil quality : sampling : standardi. Part 4, Guidance on the procedure for investigation of natural, near-natural and cultivated sites
Sawmilling industry in Brazil : paper for "the forestry of the U-countries"
Climatic sensitivity of hydrology and carbon exchanges in boreal peatland ecosystems, with implications on sustainable management of reed canary grass (Phalaris arundinacea, L.) on cutaway peatlands
A relation between historical forest use and current dead woody material in a boreal protected old-growth forest in Finland
The influences of buyer and seller characteristics on forest land value
Swedish forests, lumber industry, and lumber export trade
There is great temporal and spatial variation in precipitation in Finland. Both drought episodes and repeated, abundant rains may interfere with crop growth, yield and quality formation, and many agricultural operations (such as tillage, sowing, crop protection and harvesting). The windows for optimal operations are often narrow due to the short growing season and variable weather conditions. Field traffic at high soil moisture may e.g. cause soil compaction. Also, the high environmental footprint on agriculture under high latitude conditions is often attributable to fluctuations in precipitation. The station-wise precipitation observations from the Finnish Meteorological Institute for the time period of 54 years (1961‒2014) were interpolated to a regular 10 km × 10 km grid covering the whole country. Several successive time slices were used to calculate the likelihood of: 1) drought periods and 2) periods with repeated rains with above normal precipitation sum so that both of these lasted for at least a) two weeks or b) three weeks. We demonstrated substantial spatial and temporal variation in the likelihood of drought and repeated rains: drought episodes were common during the early half of the growing season, while again repeated rains with high accumulated precipitation (lasting for two weeks) became common in the latter part of the growing season. Though, we highlighted in this paper some examples of how these events may affect agriculture and their environmental impacts, the datasets published here may be applied for many other assessments.
Phosphorus retention in forest soils and the functioning of buffer zones used in forestry
Paper and pulp material survey : Thailand. 1, Final report : general
Alaska's agriculture and forestry
The forest resources of British Columbia 1937
Report to the government of Sudan on forestry education and legislation for local community development
Forestry in communist China
Agriculture handbook
The tropical forest - overexploited and underused : research priorities in tropical forestry
XIV. IUFRO-Kongress : München 1967. 1, Referate - Papers - Exposés, I, Section 01 - 02 - 11.
A study on the rotation and economic management of the coniferous forests in West Pakistan
The scenic resources of the Tennessee Valley : a descriptive and pictorial inventory
Role of community forestry in rural livelihood and poverty alleviation in Ohangwena and Caprivi Regions in Namibia
The forests of India. Vol.4, being the history from 1925 to 1947 of the forests now in Burma, India, and Pakistan
XIV. IUFRO-Kongress : München 1967. 8, Referate - Papers - Exposés, VIII, Section 31-32
Statistics on the finances of agricultural and forestry enterprises
Rot bilong mipela : the politics of logging in East New Britain, Papua New Guinea
XIV. IUFRO-Kongress : München 1967. 7, Referate - Papers - Exposés, VII, Section 26.
Management of British Columbia's forest lands
Maatalous 45:3, yleinen maatalouslaskenta v. 1950 = Lanthushållning = 1950 census of agriculture. Osa = Del = Part 3, Metsälötilasto = Skogsbruksenhetsstatistik = Statistics of forest enterprises
The significance of forestry in the national economy
The role of forestry in the development of East Asia
Valuation of ecosystem services for assessment of cost of deforestation, and analysis of its drivers with implications for sustainable forest management in Ghana
XIV. IUFRO-Kongress : München 1967. 4, Referate - Papers - Exposés, IV, Section 23.
Indian trade enquiry : reports on timbers and paper materials
Economic estimation of lowgrade wood and wood residues
A bibliography of forestry in Somalia and Djibouti
Structural change in the forest industries
Summary.
Spatial and temporal variation in weather events critical for boreal agriculture: II Precipitation
Forest resources of the world. Vol. 2.
Compendium of Australian forest products statistics, 1935-36 to 1961-62
Pulp and paper industry in Japan
The forests of Panama
Forestry in Denmark : a guide to our visitors
Forests for people : community rights and forest tenure reform
State of Finland's forests 2007 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
Forest tenure in Sweden : a historical perspective
XIV. IUFRO-Kongress : München 1967. 2, Referate - Papers - Exposés, II, Section 21.
Technical bulletin
The outlook for the canadian forest industriesdby the Forestry Study Group
Report to the Government of Brazil on a forest inventory in the Amazon Valley. Region between Rio Tapajos and Rio Xingu
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
Forestry in Namibia 1850-1990
CAR-ES (Centre of Advanced Research on Environmental Services from Nordic Forest Ecosystems, 2011-2015) is an open network that brings together Nordic and Baltic forest researchers. The CAR-ES network aims at providing scientific knowledge on the impacts of forest management on major environmental services for decision making within the forest sector. The main environmental services addressed are: Carbon sequestration, Water quality, Biodiversity, Soil quality. CAR-ES organizes meetings, workshops and conferences and the second meeting in 2014 was held in Finland, at the premises of Metla Vantaa Unit. The meeting discussed the issues related to the main environmental services covered by CAR-ES, work on the ongoing subprojects and plannned the final conference as well as the future of the network. The workshop was attended by 30 scientists representing the Baltic and Nordic countries. The extended abstracts of the presentations are published in this paper. CAR-ES is funded by the Nordic Forest Research (SNS) as one of its Virtual Centres of Advanced Research.
Forestry in Germany : present and prospective
Sustainable use of forest land in Southeast Asia : a strategic planning approach
Identification and quantification of indirect land and resource use changes : challenges caused by expanding liquid biofuel production
Forest pricing and concession policies: Managing the high forests of West and Central Africa
Small-scale non-industrial private forest ownership in the United States : rationale and implications for forest management
Spatial and temporal variation in weather events critical for boreal agriculture: I Elevated temperatures
XIV. IUFRO-Kongress : München 1967. 9, Referate - Papers - Exposés, IX, Section 41 - WG 22/41
