http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11008 transactions (mutual activity)
transactions (mutual activity)
Rethinking e-government services : user-centred approaches
Swedish in 60 minutes
One-day Italian
Pat and Polly : passport to Finland : opiskelijan CD
Information government in practise: functional gains and legal perils
E-service continuance: an insight into online travel services in China
Mastering e-business
Mystery shopping : 2-volume set
Learn Japanese the fast and fun way
The e-government imperative
Collins Korean phrasebook
Electronic services as a creator of competitive advantage in conventional scheduled airlines
Development of a tool for measuring user experience of customers of Nordea's internet bank
Abstract.
Real listening & speaking : with answers. 4
Colloquial Lithuanian : the complete course for beginners
One-day French
Steps into English : student's CD. 2
Marketing the e-Business
Spanish to go : a weekend's worth of essential words and phrases
Marketing Letter for Specific Customers via Internet Bank and Electronic Signature : Case: Joroisten Osuuspankki
Language of interaction in online shopping
Danish in 60 minutes
One-day German
Mystery Shopping in Improving Salesperson Performance - Case Group and Conference Business
Lithuanian-English / English-Lithuanian : dictionary and phrasebook
One-day Portuguese
Business basics
One-day Spanish
Physical activity as a predictor of disability and social and health service use in older people
A payment service for Internet using SET, Secure Electronic Transaction
E-readiness of public administration in developing countries : a case study on Bangladesh public administration
Start right in e-business : a step-by-step guide to successful e-business implementation
Swedish : travel pack
The law of electronic agents : legal contributions to ALFEBIITE - a logical framework for ethical behaviour between infohabitants in the information trading economy of the Universal Information Ecosystem, IST-1999-10298
German conversation
The effects of a security breach on customer online buying behaviour: case study of OP-kotipankki's mastercard customers
Norwegian in 60 minutes
English 365 : for work and life. 2, Personal study book
Polish phrase book & dictionary
French conversation
Online event's booking web application
eGate solution for self-service restaurants: case : TAMKOTUKI
Developing a model for user authentication in ebusiness
Lithuanian - English : English - Lithuanian : dictionary & phrasebook
Mystery shopping know-how
Egoprise supported Kauhava municipality in developing a new e-service to the local business community
Synergy : the IDABC quarterly
Čeština pro život : 15 moderních konverzačních témat = Czech for life = Tscechisch fürs Leben
National electronic government : comparing governance structures in multi-layer administrations
Customer Representatives As Part-Time Marketers Of Online Services : Case: Tapiola General Mutual Insurance Company
Teach yourself one-day Polish
Teach yourself Norwegian conversation
Implementing e-government : an executive report for civil servants and their advisors
E-health : current situation and examples of implemented and beneficial e-health applications
LEA 2003: The law and electronic agents : proceedings of the second  LEA workshop, 24th June 2003, in connection with the ICAIL 2003 conference  (Ninth International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Law),  Edinburgh, Scotland, UK
Managing the electronic government : from vision to practice
Learning from Rivals : Benchmarking for Martela Oyj
Retail geography and intelligent network planning
eMedic : developing new practices for teleconsultation and diabetes
English 365 : for work and life. 1, Student's Book
Liaison interpreting revisited - a study of the professional profile of a liaison interpreter with special focus on comprehension of speaker meaning
Steps into English. 3, Student's CD : Opiskelijan CD
Korean : phrase book & dictionary
Talk French
English 365 : for work and life. 2, Audio CD
Instant Chinese
Hide this Italian CD
From start to Finnish : a short course in Finnish : lisämateriaalia opettajalle
Strategic management of e-business
Talk French. 2
Implementing electronic export system
Managing electronic services : a public sector perspective
New technologies in public administration
Exploring the conceptions of quality in public online services
Essays on customers in the dawn of interactive banking
Online recruiting : comparison of Finland's leading law offices
Referat.
English 365 : for work and life. 2, Student's Book
Effective, agile and trusted eServices co-creation : proceedings of the 15th International Conference on Electronic Commerce : ICEC 2013, August 13-15, Turku, Finland
English for you, too! : opiskelijan äänite. Book 4
Mandarin Chinese at a glance : phrase book & dictionary for travellers
Expanding business in Spain : Case: Mystery shopping service provider Company X
Dutch : travel pack
Indonesian : travel pack
Legal issues of maritime virtual organisations
Local electronic government : a comparative study
Every company these days, regardless of the field of business they operate in, is looking for the most talented employees. They also strive to get the best possible results from their recruiting process by attracting and recruiting the best talents. At the same time they want the process to be cost-efficient and relatively quick. Traditionally-used recruiting methods include advertising in different newspapers and magazines, as well as word-of-mouth recruiting. The Internet has become a new channel for recruiting; it's open 24 hours a day, seven days week. Nowadays companies are also increasingly planning their recruitment strategies in ways so that both the print media and the Internet support each other in this process. This thesis focuses on a comparison of recruitment communication and strategies of the three largest law firms in Finland; Castrén & Snellman, Hannes Snellman and Roschier. As all three are in direct competition with each other, the main focus is on analyzing their online recruiting communications and marketing. Emphasis is also given to an examination of the overall recruiting process and if the companies' internal marketing strategies become clear from looking at their homepages. This research does not examine advertising in the print media; it looks only at online recruiting. The primary objective set for this research was to find out how each company has utilized the possibilities offered by the Internet, as well as too see how these companies differ in their online communication and to find out if perhaps the law firms are not as homogenous in their external communications as is commonly thought.
Spanish PDQ
Success [at] e-business : profitable internet business & commerce
Usability in government systems : user experience design for citizens and public servants
Development of a tool for measuring user experience of customers of Nordea's Internet Bank
English 365 : for work and life. 1, Audio CD
Business basics : workbook
English for you, too!. Book 3. Opiskelijan äänite
