http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11040 signs (sign language)
signs (sign language)
Audio-oral speech and visuo-manual sign language as used by the Deaf community are two very different realizations of the human linguistic communication system. Sign language is not only used by the hearing impaired but also by different groups of hearing individuals. To date, there is a great discrepancy in scientific knowledge about signed and spoken languages. Particularly little is known about the integration of the two systems, even though the vast majority of deaf and hearing signers also have a command of some form of speech. This neurolinguistic study aimed to achieve basic knowledge about semantic integration mechanisms across speech and sign language in hearing native and non-native signers.Basic principles of sign processing as reflected in electrocortical brain activation and behavioral decisions were examined in three groups of study participants: Hearing native signers (children of deaf adults, CODAs), hearing late learned signers (professional sign language interpreters), and hearing non-signing controls. Event-related brain potentials (ERPs) and behavioral response frequencies were recorded while the participants performed a semantic decision task for priming lexeme pairs. The lexeme pairs were presented either within speech (spoken prime-spoken target) or across speech and sign language (spoken prime-signed target). Target-related ERP responses were subjected to temporal principal component analyses (tPCA). The neurocognitive basis of semantic integration processes were assessed by analyzing different ERP components (N170, N400, late positive complex) in response to the antonymic and unrelated targets. Behavioral decision sensitivity to the target lexemes is discussed in relation to the measured brain activity.Behaviorally, all three groups of study participants performed above chance level when making semantic decisions about the primed targets. Different result patterns, however, hinted at three different processing strategies. As the target-locked electrophysiological data was analyzed by PCA, for the first time in the context of sign language processing, objectively allocated ERP components of interest could be explored. A little surprisingly, the overall study results from the sign-naïve control group showed that they performed in a more content-guided way than expected. This suggested that even non-experts in the field of sign language were equipped with basic skills to process the cross-linguistically primed signs. Behavioral and electrophysiological study results together further brought up qualitative differences in processing between the native and late learned signers, which raised the question: can a unitary model of sign processing do justice to different groups of sign language users?
Baby signs
Sign language interpreting in legal settings in Flanders : An exploratory study into the experiences of Flemish Deaf people in their contact with the justice system
Sign with your baby
A language in space : the story of Israeli sign language
“Licence to interpret” : on the Authorization and Registration of Interpreters
Leo Yates, Jr.'s Interpreting at Church: A Paradigm for Sign Language Interpreters is a well-written and one-of-a-kind resource that discusses essential information for sign language interpreters who will provide professional services in a church or other Christian environment. The book covers a wide range of materials including certification, ethical and legal issues, standards, compensation, and skill development. It also contains a religious sign dictionary and helpful suggestions from veteran interpreters.
The hand of time : Saint Bede and the Anglo-Celtic contribution to literary, numerical and manual language
The language of the silent world : showing over 140 original photographs of the best known signs as used by the deaf and dumb of the British empire
Signs make sense : a guide to British Sign Language
The signs of language
Revision on signs for countries : for sign language students
Country name-signs
Deaf around the world : the impact of language
Language, gesture and space
Working with Hannah : a special girl in a mainstream school
Winnie-the-Pooh's ABC
Gesture and sign language in human-computer interaction : internatinal gesture workshop, GW 2001 London, Uk April 2001
The american sign language dictionary on CD-ROM
Original signs : gesture, sign, and the sources of language
The people of the eye : deaf ethnicity and ancestry
Scuba divers sign language manual
Signs in the brain: hearing signers' cross-linguistic semantic integration strategies
Interpreters at Terminology Work: Views to Professional Development, Language Policy and Language Management
Words in hand : a structural analysis of the signs of British Sign Language
Taking non-manuality into account in collecting and analyzing Finnish Sign Language video data
No lesser God : equality of access of deaf people to faith, morality and inner peace
Word formation in British sign language
Primary movement in sign languages : a study of six languages
The Indian sign language
Perspective shift reflected in the signer's use of space
AAC Strategies for Individuals with Moderate to Severe Disabilities
Introduction to augmentative and alternative communication : sign teaching and the use of communication aids for children, adolescents and adults with developmental disorders
Signs of the time : selected papers from TISLR 8 [2004]
Unveiling fascinating insights about the origins of American Sign Language name signs, this book shows how they serve the same function as proper names used in the hearing community. It also details how the history of the name sign system dates back to the early years of deaf education. Included for reference is a list of more than 500 name signs available for appropriate selection and illustrated charts.
As the reader will notice immediately after a quick look at the table of contents, the range of topics addressed in the individual contributions is very broad and the number of sign languages studied too - the crosslinguistic slant is recurrent in many of the chapters, a valuable feature in itself. Nevertheless, an attempt has been made to group the 17 chapters by thematic affinity into recognizable sections. Still, it should be made clear that these divisions are one of many possible ones and thus artificial: in most of the cases there are aspects of the paper that have a clear link to another thematic section. This is a natural outcome of the fact that linguistic research does not remain limited to isolated compartments, but usually looks into different subdomains in order to reach substantial results.
Silent shout
Signs in the brain: Hearing signers’ cross-linguistic semantic integration strategies
Sipho
Space in danish sign language : the semantics and morphosyntax of the use of space in a visual language
The book describes the regular components of the signs of British Sign Language (BSL), including the main handshapes, positions and movements. It also provides a notation system which should be of use to all those who like to write down BSL signs.
Language choices and the need for interpreting services for deaf children and young people with cochlear implants
Aak v práci s deťmi s downovým syndrómom = Early use of manual signs inchildren with syndrome
Studies in Swedish Sign Language : Reference, Real Space Blending, and Interpretation
Toddler talk : the first signs of intelligent life
This concise dictionary contains 153 of the most used and necessary signs for the guests of the 8th Congress of the World Federation of the Deaf. They had been chosen from the international sign language GESTUNO. Their meaning is given here in the following languages: English, French, Spanish, German, Russian and Bulgarian.
Accreditation Reform for South African Sign Language Interpreters : An Action Research Study
Mimesis, sign, and the evolution of language
Networks and place : a study of online activities in two focus groups
The structure of learning : from sign stimuli to sign language
Deconstructing “common sense”  : Normative ethics and decision-making  by sign language interpreters
Advances in the sign language development of deaf children
American Sign Language
Chapter 1 offers general information about Venzuela and its Venzuelan Sign Language. Chapter 2 presents details of methodological aspects of the work, in particular the transcription systems used throughout. In Chapter 3, a general presentation of LSV classifiers in four groups is made and commented on, along with definitions based on their formal and semantic characteristics. The criteria justifying this approach are borrowed from various scholars and are in line with most of the descriptions of classifiers proposed for other sign languages. Chapter 4 summarizes the current theoretical discussion on the semiotic nature of signed classifiers. Chapters 5 and 6 analyse LSV data under the assumption that signs incorporate gestures into their structures so that iconic representations of the world are made possible. Data is also presented in these last two chapters that shows that this characteristic of classifiers is also shared by many other types of LSV signs. Finally, in Chapter 7, general conclusions from the study will be offered. The data discussed here are presented by means of a transcription system whose interpretation may at first be difficult for readers who are unfamiliar with it. In order to facilitate understanding the transcriptions, many signs are also illustrated, and the relevant aspects of the corresponding transcriptions are explained in the text.
Concise sign-conversation textbook "Gestuno"
Interpreting with Immigrant Deaf People : a Qualitative Case Study of an Interpreted Event
Food in Signs
Signs of acquiring bimodal bilingualism differently : a longitudinal case study of mediating a deaf and a hearing twin in a deaf family
Perfect phrases in American sign language for beginners : 150 essential phrases for communicating with users of ASL
Fingerspelling English words in Finnish sign language context : a multimodal view on interaction
This sign language was taught to the monks of Ely in the middle ages so that they could communicate at times when the Rule of St Benedict forbade them to speak. The signs indicate the service books they used in church, the various foods they ate and the clothes they wore, the names of their officials and others they might meet, and various actions for everyday life. The manuscript of the instructions for making these gives a rare glimpse into how daily monastic life was lead. It is printed here for the first time in both Latin and English with notes and an introduction on the general history of monastic sign language.
Author offers a straightforward and lighthearted approach to teaching infants how to communicate using simple signs, basen on American Sign Language (ASL).
Towards an integrative information society : studies on individuality in speech and sign
My first signs
Variation of handshape features in the acquisition process
Animals in signs
Language in hand : why sign came before speech
British sign language
Language from the body : iconicity and metaphor in American Sign Language
Essential for professionals in school settings, this book helps readers establish a beginning functional communicative repertoire for learners with severe disabilities. Professionals will start with an in-depth intervention framework, including a guide to AAC modes and technologies, variables to consider when selecting AAC, and how AAC research can be used to support practice. Then they'll get explicit, evidence-based instructional strategies they'll use to help children and young adults initiate, maintain, and terminate an interaction.
Pointing has captured the interest of scholars from various fields who study communication. However, ideas and findings have been scattered across diverse publications in different disciplines, and opportunities for interdisciplinary exchange have been very limited. The editor's aim is to provide an arena for such exchange by bringing together papers on pointing gestures from disciplines, such as developmental psychology, psycholinguistics, sign-language linguistics, linguistic anthropology, conversational analysis, and primatology. Questions raised by the editors include: Do chimpanzees produce and comprehend pointing gestures in the same way as humans? What are cross-cultural variations of pointing gestures? In what sense are pointing gestures human universal? What is the relationship between the development of pointing and language in children? What linguistic roles do pointing gestures play in signed language? Why do speakers sometimes point to seemingly empty space in front of them during conversation? How do pointing gestures contribute to the unfolding of face-to-face interaction that involves objects in the environment? What are the semiotic processes that relate what is pointed at and what is actually "meant" by the pointing gesture (the relationship between the two are often not as simple as one might think)? Do pointing gestures facilitate the production of accompanying speech?
Gesture and sign language in human-computer interaction and embodied communication : 9th international gesture workshop, GW 2011 Athens, Greece, May 25-27, 2011; revised selected papers
Sociocultural aspects of translating and interpreting
This book constitutes the thoroughly refereed post-proceedings of the International Workshop on Gesture and Sign Languages in Human-Computer Interaction, GW 2001, held in London, UK, in April 2001. The 25 revised full papers and 8 short papers were carefully reviewed and selected for inclusion in the post-proceedings. The papers are organized in topical sections on gesture recognition, recognition of sign languages, nature and notations of sign languages, gesture and sign language synthesis, gestural action and interaction, and applications based on gesture control.
Mouth actions in sign languages
Community in Signs
Signing for dummies
The book of name signs : naming in American Sign Language
Sign with your baby : how to communicate with infants before they can speak
What's your sign for pizza? : an introduction to variation in American Sign Language
Everything baby sign language book : get an early start communicating with your baby!
Visible variation : comparative studies on sign language structure
The complete guide to baby sign language : 101 tips and tricks every parent needs to know
The volume ends with a chapter devoted to a topic in applied linguistics: lexicography. For several articles video-examples are provided on the accompanying CD-ROM. This is just a relatively small portion of all the papers presented at TISLR 8, but it gives a representative sample of the research carried out in the field of sign linguistics. A field with an open horizon ahead! It was the second time that TISLR was organized outside North America and it attracted a very significant number of participants from all over the globe (almost 380). The book offers a representative sample of all those selected papers and it includes two of the invited lectures. All the articles submitted for this volume went through a specific anonymous peer reviewing procedure and the result of that is the collection presented here. The whole allows us to get a fair impression of a field that keeps expanding and becoming more and more prominent within linguistic research in general.
Interpreting at church : a paradigm for sign language interpreters
Irish sign language : a cognitive linguistic account
Sign languages in village communities : anthropological and linguistic insights
Australian sign language (Auslan) : an introduction to sign language linguistics
Sign language and linguistic universals
Research methods in sign language studies : a practical guide
Mouth actions in sign languages have been controversially discussed but the sociolinguistic factors determining their form and functions remain uncertain. This first empirical analysis of mouth actions in Irish Sign Language focuses on correlations with gender, age, and word class. It contributes to the linguistic description of ISL, research into non-manuals in sign languages, and is relevant for the cross-modal study of word classes.
The body story : Creative Musical Images Through Touch (CMIT)
Sign language companion : a handbook of British signs
Religious signing  : a comprehensive guide for all faiths
Introducing sign language literature : folklore and creativity
Progress in sign language research : in honor of Siegmund Prillwitz = Fortschritte in der Gebärdensprachforschung : Festschrift für Siegmund Prillwitz
Interpreting Management and policy in Finland, United Kingdom and Germany
Conversation as a result of negotiations in total communication
The Cistercian sign language : a study in non-verbal communication
Talk to the deaf : a manual of approximately 1000 signs used by the deaf of North America
Deaf peddler : Confessions of an inside man
From the Municipalities to the State – A New Stage in the development of the Profession? : A study of sign language interpreters views of the new service system
Sign language for everyone
Turn-taking, fingerspelling and contact in signed languages
Teach your baby to sign : an illustrated guide to simple sign language for babies
From sign to signing : iconicity in language and literature. 3
Acquisition of reference to self and others in Greek sign language : from pointing gesture to pronominal pointing signs
Language, cognition, and the brain : insights from sign langauge research
Fingerspelled word recognition through rapid serial visual presentation
Intermediate conversational sign language : American sign language with English translations
How different can a sign language be from a spoken language? How well does a sign language fit current definitions of language? How much does American sign language structure follow directly from its organization wholly within the gestural-visual channel? The book describes the physical formation of ASL signs, their relation to the human capacity to process gesture production and reception, and their development within the complex social world of deaf people.
American sign language demystified
Essential baby sign language : the most important 75 signs you can teach your baby
Signing for reading success
Little Leon signing and speaking
The phonetics of fingerspelling
Teaching children who are deafblind : contact, communication and learning
The signs of language revisited : an anthology to honor Ursula Bellugi and Edward Klima
This collection of articles is a selection of some of the papers that were presented at the conference Theoretical Issues in Sign Language Research 8 (TISLR 8), which took place at the University of Barcelona between September 30th and October 2nd, 2004. TISLR is the most important international conference on sign language research and it constitutes a good overview of the current state of the field. First, because of the high standards held for the selection of papers, and second, because despite the linguistic focus, it incorporates work on sign in related fields such as neurolinguistics or psycholinguistics. The thematic blocks of the book deal with phonetics and phonology of sign, topics related to intonation, different aspects of morphology, syntax, semantics of sign languages, different aspects of sign language acquisition and two chapters are devoted to the analysis of what is commonly referred to as role shift.
The ubiquity of mouthings in NGT : a corpus study
Pointing : where language, culture, and cognition meet
The signed English dictionary for preschool and elementary levels
Lexical borrowing in American sign language
Signs for silence : the sign language of the monks of Ely in the middle ages
Deuxieme contribution pour le dictionarie international du langage des signes terminologie de conference = Second contribution to the international dictionary of the language of signs conference terminology
Sign language research 1994 : Proceedings of the 4th European congress on Sign language research. Munich, September 1-3, 1994
A book about me : signed english
Sign bilingualism : language development, interaction and maintenance in sign language contact situations
Excuse me! Was it 7,559 or 759? : Memory strategies in sign language interpreting
Seeing English through signing eyes : Finnish sign language users' views on learning English
The comprehensive signed English dictionary
IISE - Interpreting in International Settings : training material for interpreters
Sign language : an international handbook
The American sign language phrase book
Linguistics of American Sign Language : an introduction [Elektroninen aineisto]
American sign language : a teacher's resource text on grammar and culture
Is it possible to identify sign languages by their prosody, that is, the rhythm and stress of their meaning, then determine if they are related to each other or other sign languages? If so, reasoned authors Donna Jo Napoli, Mark Mai, and Nicholas Gaw, perhaps they could offer such identification as a new way to typologize, or categorize sign languages by their structural features. Their new collaboration Primary Movement in Sign Languages: A Study of Six Languages traces the process and findings from this unique investigation. Resolving on the direction of movement as the prosodic factor to track, they began their research by comparing five sign languages: American Sign Language (ASL), British Sign Language (BSL), Italian Sign Language (LIS), French Sign Language (LSF), and Australian Sign Language (Auslan). They soon discovered that the languages in their study clustered with respect to several characteristics along genetic lines, with BSL and Auslan contrasting with LSF, LIS, and ASL. They learned that sign languages with the same geographic origin evolved differently when relocated, and they isolated differences in each individual sign language. They compared these established sign languages with the newly emerging Nicaraguan Sign Language (NSL), with the exception of ASL due to their past close contact, thereby validating their work as the first study to identify sign language relationships without depending on grammar.
Knack baby sign language : a step-by-step guide to communicating with your little one
Random House Webster's American Sign Language Dictionary : compact edition
