http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11004 British people
British people Brits
The golden oriole
We are a Muslim, please
Mamma mia ... that's life!
Bayonets along the border
A few acres of snow
British social life in India 1608-1937
Britons and Anglo-Saxons in the early Middle Ages
Images of Britain : a case study of Finnish secondary school pupils
A plague of zombies : an Outlander novella
Hero : the life and legend of Lawrence of Arabia
At the going down of the sun : love, loss and sacrifice in Afghanistan
Task force Helmand : a soldier's story of life, death and combat on the Afghan front line
Twitta and the ferocious fever
My mission to Russia : and other diplomatic memories
The English
The British intellectual engagement with Africa in the twentieth century
The India we served
The first Afghan war and its causes
The inimitable Jeeves. Volume 1
Finding Arthur : the true origins of the once and future King
A partisan's daughter
Round the bend
Martha Quest
India : a reprint of the special India number of The Times, February 18.
Grey wolves
Rowing the Atlantic : lessons Learned on the Open Ocean
Calcutta : two years in the city
Raj : a scrapbook of British India, 1877-1947
Lifting the veil : two centuries of travelers, traders and tourists in Egypt
Stalin's Englishman : the lives of Guy Burgess
The real UK : your need-to-know guide for all things British
The Balkan wars : British consular reports from Macedonia in the final years of the Ottoman Empire
The bloody English women of the Maison Puce
The unreturning army : a field gunner in Flanders 1917-1918
For crying out loud! : The world according to clarkson. Volume three
Charlotte Gray
My friend the enemy : an English boy in Nazi Germany
Violette Szabo : the life that I have
The dream of the Celt
Run them ashore
Rumpole misbehaves : a novel
Strangers in the land : the rise and decline of the British Indian Empire
Dancing with stranges : the true history of the meeting of the British first fleet and the aboriginal Australians, 1788
Indian administration of Lord William Bentinck
Subaltern studies. 8 : essays in honour of Ranajit Guha
A study on investigating the possible introduction of a Finnish rye bread product into the British market and the possible barriers.
Brides of war
Thank you, Jeeves
You must not forget to take your own harness :  Travel reports from Southern Finland, between Eckerö and Viipuri ; written in english 1774-1863
Up the country : letters written to her sister from the upper provinces of India
Small wars : a novel
Supergods : our world in the age of the superhero
Sorry I'm British! : An Insider's Guide to Our Great Nation from A to Z
The first casualty
King Arthur : the truth behind the legend
Thank You, Jeeves
Youth outbound travel of the Germans, the British & the French
On Green Dolphin Street
The strangler vine
Instructions for visitors
The other side of paradise
Natural born heroes : the lost secrets of strength and endurance
Small wars
Secret army
The Nagbanshis and the Cheros
The book traces the development of British Indian literature from the early days of the 19th century through the Victorian period. Previously unstudied poems and essays drawn from the thriving periodicals culture of British India are examined alongside novels and travel-writing by authors including Emma Roberts, Philip Meadows Taylor and Rudyard Kipling. Key events and concerns of Victorian India - the legacy of the Hastings impeachment, the Indian 'Mutiny', the sati controversy, the rise of Bengal nationalism - are re-assessed within a dual literary and political context, emphasising the engagement of British writers with canonical British literature (Scott, Byron) as well as the mythology and historiography of India and their own responses to their immediate surroundings.
The autobiography of the British soldier : from Agincourt to Basra, in his own words
The optimists
The Britons
A division of the spoils
The last Kashmiri rose
Scorched earth
Worlds Of Arthur : facts & fictions of the dark ages
Very good, Jeeves. Volume 1
Bible and sword : how the British came to Palestine
To catch a king
Orange trees of Baghdad : in search of my lost family
The war behind the wire : the life, death and glory of British prisoners of war, 1914-18
British immigrants and Australia : a psychosocial inquiry
England and the English : a book for foreign students with notes, biographical sketches, and a key to the more difficult exercises
New Zealand prospects : information for intending emigrants
My favourite wife
A ripple from the storm
Very good, Jeeves!
Hart of empire
The Kolhan under British rule
That part was true
Elizabeth David's Christmas
A diplomat in Japan : an inner history of the critical years in the evolution of Japan
Shadows of war
Forgotten voices of Burma
Bomb hunters : in Afganistan with Britain's elite bomb disposal unit
Merlin : once and future wizard
Passage to America : a history of emigrants from Great Britain and Ireland to America in the mid-nineteenth century
History of modern India (1757-1947)
War and the British : gender, memory and national identity
From Cairo to Baghdad : British travellers in Arabia
Life on the death railway : the memoirs of a British prisoner of war
Finding Merlin : the truth behind the legend
The Finns and the British
Exile in colonial Asia : kings, convicts, commemoration
The prisoner
My house in Damascus : an inside view ot the Syrian revolution
The aftermath
Dorothea's war : a First World War nurse tells her story
The custom of the army : an outlander novella
Fighting ISIS
And another thing... : The world according to Clarkson. Volume two
Travels with a Mexican circus
Cretan quests : British explorers, excavators and historians
Lifting the veil : two centuries of travellers, traders and tourists in Egypt
Abstract: A study on investigating the possible introduction of a Finnish rye bread product into the British market and the possible barriers. The research question in this dissertation is: Investigating the possibility to introduce a Finnish rye bread brand called 'Ruispalat' into the British consumer market and what are the possible barriers this product may face? This dissertation will look at the possibility of introducing an iconic Finnish rye bread brand into the British market. The product investigated in this study is called 'Ruispalat'. This particular bread is the most eaten bread in Finland for years. There are many health benefits, like the fact that with fiber you also get antioxidants, vitamins and minerals. It naturally helps to lower your cholesterol and decrease the risk of cancer and diabetes. Recommendation for the daily fiber intake is between 25-23g and one slice of 'Ruispalat' has 5.5 grams of fiber. Despite of its popularity in the Nordic countries, a matching product cannot be found on sale in the United Kingdom. The purpose is to identify differences between Finnish and British cultures and investigate how these differences affect the demand for the product. This dissertation also aims at discovering differences between the implications of the relevant literature and implications of the cross-sectional research. The research hypothesis for this is that the British have different taste preferences and that 'Ruispalat will face barriers associated with cultural differences. The research hypothesis is based on that people have strong variations of values, tastes, habits and preferences, large part of which is due to and affected by national culture. These factors affect the consumer response for 'Ruispalat' in the British market. The purpose of this dissertation is to investigate the kind of literature and information there is already available on this topic and how these can be of use in this particular case of 'Ruispalat'. Additionally, the objective is to find out what British people think about the product and whether they would buy it if it was available in the British market and reasons behind the answers to these questions. This dissertation also aims at identifying possible gaps in the literature or theories that ignore some aspects considered important in this dissertation. This dissertation will be significant in terms of providing information about how members of the British culture respond to the product. This information is based on quantitative research.
The last resort : photographs of New Brighton
Shackleton's way : leadership lessons from the great Antarctic explorer
In February 2015, Tim Locks headed to Kurdistan to fight ISIS. After watching images of the Yazidi people being slaughtered, he couldnt sit back and do nothing. Having worked as a prison officer and a bouncer, he knew how to handle himself - and had a huge protective streak. He sold his house to raise money, put himself through arms training and bought his equipment on eBay.
A study on investigating the possible introduction of a Finnish rye bread product into the British market and the possible barriers
One million tiny plays about Britain
Celtic identity and the British image
The red line : the gripping account of the RAF's bloodiest raid on Hitler's Germany
The apartment in Rome
The offshore islanders : England's people from Roman Occupation to the present
Heroes of World War I
British India and Victorian literary culture
Catherine the Great and the British : a pot-pourri of essays
Night train to Jamalpur
The Raj : India and the British 1600-1947
Mors Britannica : lifestyle and death-style in Britain today
The judas gate
Informal empire in Latin America : culture, commerce and capital
Lord Emsworth and others
The painted veil
A soldier erect, or Further adventures of the hand-reared boy
The African wars
India revealed : the art and adventures of James and William Fraser, 1801-35
The winter garden
The Indian clerk
A wartime log of a young RAF air gunner prisoner of war 1944-1945
Out in the army : my life as a gay soldier
Worst. Person. Ever
Marianne Thornton, a domestic biography, 1797-1887
Ring for Jeeves
