http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11006 mice
mice
A fabumouse vacation for Geronimo
With a hidden mouse to find in every scene and fun facts to discover throughout, step inside for hours of entertainment
Lets find Mimi around the world
Attack of the bandit cats
A birthday for bear
The secret of the whale island
Hippocampal field potentials in animal models of Alzheimer's disease
Mouse mansion with Sam & Julia
Monkey and the Little One
Novel neurotrophic treatments in rats and toxin sensitivity of genetically modified mice in the unilateral 6 OHDA model of Parkinson's disease
I'll love you always
Control of nephrogenesis by Wnt4 signaling:mechanisms of gene regulation and targeting of specific lineage cells by tissue engineering tools
The Mona Mousa code
The mouse and his child
Eight enormous elephants
The Christmas mouse
Mouse guard : Winter 1152
Mortimer's Christmas manger
A year in Brambly Hedge : 4 stories throughout the seasons
Surf's up, Geronimo!
Its A Little Book
Oh Calamity!
Where's mommy?
Donald Duck adventures. [14]
Effects of litter and cage furniture on mouse anxiety-like behaviour
The sea mice and the stars
Shall we do that again?
The four seasons of Brambly Hedge
Studying the role of sirtuin-1 gene in the maintenance of mouse intestinal epithelium
The Clumsies make a mess of the airport
Heredity, fighting experience and odour cues : factors determining the aggressive interaction in mice
If you take a mouse to school
Donald Duck adventures. [16]
Good night, mouse!
Spermidine/spermine N1-acetyltransferase in mouse hematopoiesis and bone remodeling and in human leukemias
The night before Christmas
Comparison of acute and chronic exercise effects in the lipid droplets topography skeletal muscle, following high and low-fat diet in mice
Dive in!
Spot the mouse on the move
Effect of functional loading on remodelling in canine, and normal and collagen type II transgenic murine bone
Measuring Dopamine and Melatonin Concentrations from the Mouse Retina : Descriptive Literature Review
Your hand in my hand
The mouse guard roleplaying game
Tonically active kainate receptors (tKARs) : a novel mechanism regulating neuronal function in the brain
Lets find Mimi on holiday
Identifying virus-host interactions critical for alphavirus-mediated oncolysis
Angelina's diary : a party for the princess
Little mouse's big book of beasts
Sweet dreams, Maisy : a Maisy bedtime storybook
Mighty Small
Guide to owning a mouse : handling, feeding, housing, health, breeding
Interaction between α-synuclein and tau pathologies in a mouse model of Lewy body dementia
The lion and the mouse
The tailor of Gloucester
Little Mouse and Lazy cat
Mouse guard roleplaying game : second edition
There's a mouse hiding in this book!
Nest site selection by the dormouse Muscardinus avellanarius in two different landscapes
Birds of prey and grouse in Finland : do avian predators limit or regulate their prey numbers?
Fairytale hairdresser and the Sugar plum fairy
Pocket mouse
Studies on the aggressive behaviour of mice
Canonical Wnt signaling in hair and mammary gland patterning and development
Comparative anatomy and histology : a mouse and human atlas
The Clumsies make a mess
The dancing dress : Mimi's magic wardrobe
The fox in the library
Mary and the mouse, the mouse and Mary
All for Stilton, Stilton for all!
Mouse hunters
Lucky Wish Mouse : sweet dreams
Dihydropyridine receptors in skeletal muscle with comparative reference to muscle development and exercise in mouse and salmon
The town mouse and the country mouse
Toll-like receptors in Alimentary tract -special reference to Barrett’s esophagus
The house mouse : Development and normal stages from fertilization to 4 weeks of age
The brilliant surprise
With love from Maisy : a Maisy mini pop-up book
The effect of genes and diet on Alzheimer's disease-related molecular mechanisms : Influence of ubiquilin-1 and dietary lipids
Brian the giant
Consequences of activated polyamine catabolism : experimental studies in transgenic mice and a human case report
Mr. Maxwell's mouse
Stuart little 2
Cardiological studies in mice : special emphasis on gene therapy, imaging and ECG findings
Phytochemicals beyond whole grains and health : non-targeted metabolite profiling in whole grain research
A mouse model for improving cell survival of bisected cattle embryos
Flowers for Algernon
Winter story
Red pizzas for a blue count
The greentail mouse
Role of Wnt4 signaling in mammalian sex determination, ovariogenesis and female sex duct differentiation
Donald Duck adventures. [17]
Hang on to your whiskers!
Mouse guard : The black axe
BA brthday for bear
Many mice of Mr. Brice
Max the brave
The secret staircase
Assessing goblet cell metaplasia and expression of peptidase inhibitor 15 in mouse prostate tissue
The Coliseum con
Babymouse : queen of the world
Donald Duck adventures. [18]
Margot and Mo
Open field activity after learning in mice
Mouse guard : Legends of the guard. [Vol. 1]
Mouseheart
Scruffy bear and the six white mice
The estrous cycle in female wood mice (Apodemus sylvaticus) and the influence of the male
The gift of christmas
One moose, twenty mice
The best mouse cookie
Once upon a twice
Danger Mouse : Licence to chill
Marcello Mouse and the masked ball
Nisäkäshavaintoja Lounais-Hämeestä 1990-luvulla = Observations on mammals in South-West Häme in the 1990`s
Janus-faced taurine : neuroprotection and toxicity
A cat is chasing me through this book!
Little Mouse's big book of beasts
First day in the school!
Abstract.
One thousand things : learn your first words with Little Mouse
Putrescine accumulation in mouse central nervous system : neuroprotection at the expense of learning deficiency
Senescence ecology : aging in a natural population of wild brown mouse lemurs (Microcebus rufus)
Mouse and the moon
Mabel and me : best of friends
The gift of Christmas
Collagen network of the articular cartilage : ultrastructural stereologic analysis
Donald Duck adventures. [13]
Mossflower
Catalytic and therapeutic characteristics of human recombinant glycosylasparaginase and bacterial L-asparaginases
Analysis of neuronal transcripts of PGC-1α transgenic mice
The Clumsies make a mess of the big show
Donald Duck adventures. [19]
Smalĺs birthday treat
Shoe town
That's not my penguin... : its tummy is too fuzzy
Role of Gli3 during intramembranous calvarial bone development
Seven little mice go to the beach
Ruff! and the wonderfully amazing busy day
Donald Duck adventures. [20]
Milo and the mysterious island : [an adventure story with two endings]
Mice and mystics
Vascular endothelial growth factor D : biology and function in transgenic and knockdown mice
Lucky Wish Mouse : best friends
Mia the Mouse
Engineered nanoparticles : effects in mouse respiratory tract and occupational exposure during flame spray process
Very special friends
Little mouse's big breakfast
Color atlas of neoplastic and non-neoplastic lesions in aging mice
MICE AND RATS
