http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11073 fairies
fairies
The big book of fairies
The forgotten beasts of Eld
Tasha the Tap Dance Fairy
God save the queen
Fairy art : painting magical fairies and their worlds
Lara the black cat fairy
Flora the Fairy's magic spells
Betsy the Bunny
Winx Club. The complete season 5.
Mermaid Reef
Lexi the firefly fairy
Starlight adventure
Rainbow magic invitation to Fairyland
London, 1666. In the house of a sleeping baker, a spark leaps free of the oven -- and ignites a blaze that will burn London to the ground. While the humans struggle to halt the conflagration that is devouring the city street by street, the fae pit themselves against a less tangible foe: the spirit of the fire itself, powerful enough to annihilate everything in its path. Mortal and fae will have to lay aside the differences that divide them, and fight together for the survival of London itself.
Ruth the Red Riding Hood Fairy
A court of thorns and roses
Though Feyre now has the powers of the High Fae, her heart remains human, but as she navigates the feared Night Court's dark web of politics, passion, and dazzling power, a greater evil looms--and she might be key to stopping it.
Eoin Colfer's Artemis Fowl : The eternity code : [the graphic novel]
Yasmin the night owl fairy
Polly the party fun fairy
City of fae
The Spiderwick chronicles.  Care and feeding of sprites
Frances the Royal Family Fairy
The vanishing throne
Honey the Sweet fairy
500 fairy motifs
The book of faeries : a guide to the world of elves, pixies, goblins, and other magic spirits
Susie the sister fairy
Christmas adventure
Kate the royal wedding fairy
Wondrous strange : a novel
Thomas the Rhymer : a romance
Tess the sea turtle fairy
Hayley the Rain Fairy
Rosalie the Rapunzel fairy
The fairy catalogue : all you need to make a fairy tale
Selena the Sleepover Fairy
Girl who never was
Maisie the Moonbeam fairy
Fairest. [Volume 3] : The return of the maharaja
In the realm of the Never Fairies : the secret world of Pixie Hollow
One wish
Ava the sunset fairy
Twinkle tames a dragon
Enid Blyton's enchanted world. 3, Petal and the eternal bloom
Melissa the Sports Fairy
What-the-Dickens
Terror town
Elle the Thumbelina Fairy
Super happy magic forest. Slug of doom
Molly the goldfish fairy
The adventures of the wishing-chair
Silverlicious
Fairy for a day
The rollercoaster case : the third case
Fifteen-year-old Tiger Lily receives special protections from the spiritual forces of Neverland, but then she meets her tribe's most dangerous enemy--Peter Pan--and falls in love with him.
Silver and the fairy ball
Sadie the saxophone fairy
Barnaby. volume two : 1944-1945
The genie's curse
Flower fairies : secret world
Sky the Blue Fairy
Tree of enchantment : ancient wisdom of magical practices of the faery tradition
Zara the starlight fairy
A court of mist and fury
Crystal the Snow Fairy
Alexandra the royal baby fairy
Fifi's flowertot fairies
"Mercy Thompson has been hailed as "a heroine who continues to grow and yet always remains true to herself." Now she's back, and she'll soon discover that when the fae stalk the human world, it's the children who suffer. Tensions between the fae and humans are coming to a head. And when coyote shapeshifter Mercy and her Alpha werewolf mate, Adam, are called upon to stop a rampaging troll, they find themselves with something that could be used to make the fae back down and forestall out-and-out war: a human child stolen long ago by the fae. Defying the most powerful werewolf in the country, the humans, and the fae, Mercy, Adam, and their pack choose to protect the boy no matter what the cost. But who will protect them from a boy who is fire touched?"
Five children on the Western Front
A star shall fall
Fizz the Fireworks fairy
Fire and hemlock
The complete book of the flower fairies
Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell
See inside fairyland
Kirsty and Rachel are very excited to be going to the Wetherbury Storytelling Festival! But when mean Jack Frost steals the Storybook Fairies' magical objects, all the stories start getting mixed up. Can the girls help their fairy friends put things right?
Any other name
Caitlin the ice bear fairy
Rebecca the Rock 'n' Roll Fairy
Pia the penguin fairy
Mariana the Goldilocks Fairy
Fairest. [Volume 2] : The hidden kingdom
Disney fairies storybook collection
The monster of Shiversands Cove
The elves and the shoemaker
Magic Mountain
The girl who never was
Darklight : a novel
Sabrina the sweet dreams fairy
Fire touched
Becky the best friend fairy
The Windvale sprites
Flora the Fairy
Between two thorns
Bizzy and the Bedtime Bear
The fairy party book
Fairest. [Volume 1] : Wide awake
Phoebe the fashion fairy
Hearts and flowers for Clara
Ellie the guitar fairy
Rihanna the seahorse fairy
Butterfly and the birthday surprise
In the thirty years since Elizabeth I ascended her throne, fae and mortal politics have become inextricably entwined, in secret alliances and ruthless betrayals whose existence is suspected only by a few. Two courtiers, both struggling for royal favor, are about to uncover the secrets that lie behind these two thrones. And a faerie lady's courage and loyalty are about to be tested.
Thumbelina
All is fair
Fairy world
Jade the Disco Fairy
Poppy the piano fairy
Little book of elves & fairies
The great troll rescue
Fairyland  : a walkthrough world
Comet the fairy unicorn
Fairytale hairdresser and the Sugar plum fairy
Danni the drum fairy
Sir Lance-a-little and the most annoying fairy
The poison eaters and other stories
Flying high
Fairies and Elves
A field guide to fairies
The whatnot
Polly has two sets of memories...  One is normal: school, home, friends. The other, stranger memories begin nine years ago, when she was ten and gate-crashed an odd funeral in the mansion near her grandmother's house. Polly's just beginning to recall the sometimes marvelous, sometimes frightening adventures she embarked on with Tom Lynn after that. And then she did something terrible, and everything changed.  But what did she do? Why can't she remember? Polly must uncover the secret, or her true love — and perhaps Polly herself — will be lost.
Fiona the flute fairy
Robyn the Christmas party fairy
In fairy-land : a series of pictures from the elf-world
Heidi the vet fairy
Ashley the dragon fairy
The Wetherbury Storytelling Festival is almost over, but first Rachel and Kirsty must get one more magical object back from Jack Frost. Can they find Ruth's magical basket before the festival is ruined for everyone?
Cloud Island
Elsa the Mistletoe fairy
Grace the Glitter fairy
Morgan the midnight fairy
Lud-in-the-mist
The story of the butterfly children
Georgie, the royal prince fairy
Florence the friendship fairy
Kayla the Pottery Fairy
Dead heat : an Alpha and Omega novel
Banished
Fairy friends
For Rapunzel, being a princess has been nothing but fun. But everything goes wrong when she breaks a magical urn and blames it on her new friend, Ella. It turns out that the urn was home to a very cross (and now very homeless) hermit genie, who casts a spell making everyone blame Rapunzel for everything that goes wrong in Tale Town! With the help of her friends and a mysterious green monkey called Alphege, can Rapunzel 'undo what she has done' and lift the curse? A brilliant new highly illustrated series featuring all the fairy-tale characters you know and love having brand-new adventures!. Ages 7+
Pippa the Poppy Fairy
Melodie the Music Fairy
Victoria the violin fairy
Cherry the Cake fairy
An A to Z of fairies
Kylie the carnival fairy
Ocean secrets
Midnight never come
Mariana the Goldilocks Fairy looks after the magical story of the Three Bears. But when Jack Frost steals her enchanted porridge spoon, the bears are replaced with horrid goblins! Rachel and Kirsty must get the spoon back and save the story from being ruined.
Seven wild sisters : a modern fairy tale
Leona the unicorn fairy
In ashes lie
Esther the Kindness fairy
The matchbox mysteries : the Fairy Detective Agency
Sophia the snow swan fairy
Seven black diamonds
Maya the harp fairy
Mae the panda fairy
Deeds of men : An Onyx Court Novella
