http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p110 spine
spine
Surgical approaches to the spine
Musculoskeletal assessment : an integrated approach
Whiplash : evidence base for clinical practice
Magnetic resonance imaging of the brain and spine
Manipulation of the spine, thorax, and pelvis : an osteopathic perspective
Dual effects of caspase-1, interleukin-1[beta], tumour necrosis factor-[alpha] and nerve growth factor receptor in inflammatory myopathies
Muscle stretching in manual therapy : a clinical manual. Vol. 1, The extremities
Netter's orthopaedic clinical examination : : an evidence-based approach
Physical examination of the spine
Musculoskeletal disorders in health-related occupations
Rothman-Simeone, the spine. Volume 2
The biomechanics of back pain
Maintaining back fitness with core exercises : multimedia CD-ROM
This CD-ROM is ment for professionals of health care as a for planning and instructing therapy, for patients to maximise the outcome of learning and therapy. This product provides ideas for incorporating low back injury prevention training in to the athletes' warm-ups and training programs. CD-ROM contains basic information about the anatomy of lumbar area and video material from therapeutic exercises of low back. This CD-ROM is not ment to replace the skills and guidance of health care professionals but to complete them.
Spine secrets
Arthroplasty of the spine
Disc degeneration of the lumbar spine : MRI-based assesment, risk factors and relation to low back pain
Bones and joints : a guide for students
The spine in sports
Manual of combined movements : their use in examination and treatment of musculoskeletal vertebral column disorders
Kinesiology : application to pathological motion
The physiology of the joints. Volume 3, The trunk and the vertebral column
Clinical anatomy and management of low back pain : volume 1
Spinal restabilization procedures : diagnostic and therapeutic aspects of intervertebral fusion cages, artifical discs, and mobile implants
"Welcome to the third edition of Diagnostic Imaging: Spine. Five years have passed since the second edition, and 11 years have flown by since the first edition was published. This edition is a refresh with new images, new diagnoses, and updated text and references. The same excellent Amirsys formatting is present, with individual diagnoses capable of standing alone but with a logical integration within the larger sections. The Key Facts box retains its visual prominence at the beginning of each diagnosis, allowing for a quick scan of the most important bullet points when time is short (and when is it not?). The text format remains in the hallmark Diagnostic Imaging bulleted form that allows a large amount of important information to be displayed in an easy-to-use and inviting layout. Prose text chapters are included for the introduction to major sections, which are color coded, and the use of tables allows quick scanning for important data and measurements."--From the publisher.
Spinal manipulation made simple : a manual of soft tissue techniques
Summary.
Tests and exercises for the spine
Clinical anatomy and management of cervical spine pain : volume 3
Fundamentals of sectional anatomy : an imaging approach
Spine surgery. volume 1. Techniques, complication, avoidance, and management
Vertebral deformities in rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss) fry : a feeding experiment
Rothman-Simeone, the spine. Vol. 2
Neck pain : medical diagnosis and comprehensive management
Skeletal imaging : atlas of the spine and extremities
Pocket atlas of cross-sectional anatomy : computed tomography and magnetic resonance imaging. Vol. 1, Head, neck, spine and joints
Spinal stabilization : the new science of back pain
Lumbar disc herniation
Journal of spinal disorders & techniques
Spine surgery. volume 2. Techniques, complication, avoidance, and management
Rothman-Simeone, the spine. Volume 1
Neuroimaging : the essentials
Rothman-Simeone, the spine. Vol. 1
Myeloscintigraphy with I[sup 131] labelled hippuran : A new screening method for demonstration of spinal block lesions
Back disorders in relation to heavy physical work : a comparative study of concrete reinforcement workers and house painters
Radiological diagnosis of spinal cord diseases in dogs
Spondyloarthritis
Injuries of the spine : clinical and radiological results in 460 patients
Maitland's vertebral manipulation
Maitland's vertebral manipulation : management of neuromusculoskeletal disorders - volume 1
Back stability : integrating science and therapy
English summary.
Thoracolumbar junctional region of the spine : an anatomical, pathological and radiological study
The heritability and morphology of lumbar Modic changes and their association with pain
Healing your spine : rebalance your self and gain access to your entire life force
In vivo detection of intervertebral disk injury using a radiolabeled monoclonal antibody against keratan sulfate
Grieve's modern manual therapy : the vertebral column
Translatoric spinal manipulation for physical therapists : featuring high & low velocity short amplitude techniques of the Kaltenborn-Evjenth concept of manual therapy
Frontiers in whiplash trauma : clinical and biomechanical
How to care for your back
The yoga back book
Myeloscintigraphy with I[sup 131] labelled hippuran : a new screening method for demonstration of spinal block lesions
BMA bad back book
Essentials of the spine
Sectional anatomy for imaging professionals
Physical examination of the spine and extremities
Radiographic positioning and related anatomy workbook and laboratory manual : volume 1, chapters 1-13
Systematic musculoskeletal examination : including manual medicine diagnostic techniques
Spine in patients with diastrophic dysplasia : a clinical and radiological study
Handbook of MRI technique
The hip handbook
The spine : basic evaluation and mobilization techniques
Spinal mobility measurements and functional indices in ankylosing spondylitis and other spondyloarthropathies
Mobilisation of the spine : a primary handbook of clinical method
Presents dissections of unembalmed human bodies, allowing access to specific content through indexes and keyword searches. The specimens rotate relative to the camera, giving a three-dimensional view. Synchronized narration introduces strutures and their relationships. Links to section contents and index appear throughout; the main menu offers access to the index, table of contents (including review) and glossary for each disc.
Interactive spine
Manual mobilization of the joints : joint examination and basic treatment. Volume 2, The spine
Rational manual therapies
Comprehensive manual therapy for the cervical and thoracic spine
Massage and manual therapy for orthopedic conditions
Whiplash injuries : the cervical acceleration / deceleration syndrome
The thorax : an integrated approach
The percussionists' guide to injury treatment and prevention : the answer guide for drummers in pain
Intervention study measuring thickness of the Transversus abdominis muscle in young adults with sub-acute low back pain by Ultrasound Imaging
Spinal cord injuries : management and rehabilitation
Degenerative findings on MRI of the lumbar spine : prevalence, environmental determinants and association with low back symptoms
Manual therapy of the spine : an integrated approach
Operative treatment for radiculopathy and myelopathy in cervical degenerative disc diseases : with special reference to diagnostic and postoperative somatosensory evoked potential studies
Clinical biomechanics of the spine
Spondylolysis and spondylosisthesis : clinical and radiographic relationships, and prognostic signs
Expertddx : brain and spine
Stabilization strategies of the lumbar spine in vivo
AOspine manual / Vol. 1 ; principles and techniques
Journal of spinal disorders
Spine : core knowledge in orthopaedics
Manipulation of the spine, thorax and pelvis : an osteopathic perspective
Functional anatomy of the spine
Assessment of the spine
Muscle stretching in manual therapy : a clinical manual : Vol. 2 : The spinal column and the temporo-mandibular jointi
Bourdillon's spinal manipulation
Advanced myofascial techniques. Volume 2, Neck, head, spine and ribs
Small animal spinal disorders : diagnosis and surgery
Spinal disorders : basic science
Calcification of the intervertebral discs and curvature of the radius and ulna : a radiographic survey of Finnish miniature dachshunds
Basic fibroblast growth factor immunoreactivity in blood vessels and cells of disc herniations
Comparison between tape measurements of forward and lateral flexion of the spine
Surgery of the craniovertebral junction
Spine in sports
Whiplash
Vertebral deformities on rainbow trout fry probably caused by start feed
Radiographic positioning and related anatomy : workbook and laboratory manual. Volume 1, Chapters 1-13
The good back book
Spinal injuries in the athlete
Research into spinal deformities 5
Acland's DVD atlas of human anatomy. DVD 3, The trunk
The physiology of the joints. Volume 3, The spinal column, pelvic girdle and head
Clinical anatomy and management of thoracic spine pain : volume 2
The head, neck, and trunk : muscles and motor points
