http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11187 pharmaceutical industry
pharmaceutical industry
The power of pills : social, ethical and legal issues in drug development, marketing, and pricing
New product development in personalised medicines: the impact of regulatory regimes
Drug discovery and development : technology in transition
Contrast agents for polymer medical devices
Near infrared spectroscopy, a quality control tool for the different steps in the manufacture of herbal medicinal products
The world's pharmaceutical industries : an international perspective on innovation, competition and policy
WHO Expert Committee on Specifications for Pharmaceutical Preparations : forty-fourth report
37th R3 Nordic Contamination Control Symposium, Tampere, Finland, May 29 - 31, 2006
Abstract: Identifying the best practice in the manual order picking area.
Prescribing by numbers : drugs and the definition of disease
Glaxo : a history to 1962
Abstract.
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Medicinal and Aromatic Plants : SIPAM 2009 : Djerba, Tunisia March 26-28, 2009
Tobacco products marketing vs. anti-smoking pharmaceutical products marketing in Europe
Major change and its consequences : pharmaceutical companies' reactions to patent expirations
Perustietoa lääkealalta = Facts about the pharmaceutical field
The litigators
Industrial geographies of cocaine
Market analysis and business opportunity evaluation of entering Chinese medical waste treatment industry
Dynamic capabilities and competitive advantage : case: Orion Pharma Corporation
Consumer perceptions on a content-based digital service : the usage and service quality of Masennusinfo.fi
The advantages by the use of neural networks in modelling the fluidized bed granulation process
Executive summary (s. 9-13).
The WTO and India's pharmaceuticals industry : patent protection, TRIPS, and developing countries
Finnish pharma cluster - vision 2010 : target programme initiated by the Finnish pharma cluster
Healthy business? : world health and the pharmaceutical industry
Elements of pharmaceutical pricing
Cleanroom design
EU regulations: price controls on reimbursed medicines : the effect on international pharmaceutical business in Finland
Cleanroom management in pharmaceuticals and healthcare
A guide to good facility design practice
The political economy of HIV/AIDS in developing countries : TRIPS, public health systems and free access
WHO Expert Committee on Specifications for Pharmaceutical Preparations : forty-fifth report
Innovation and commercialisation in the biopharmaceutical industry : creating and capturing value
Summary: Orphan drugs - an opportunity for biopharmaceuticals?.
Survey of Finnish vendors serving the pharmaceutical industry : what is required for business success?
Pharmageddon
Pharmaceutical economics and policy
Peptides as drugs : discovery and development
Robert Ludlum's The Hades factor : a covert-one novel
Boosting pharmaceutical innovation in the post-trips era : real-life lesson for the developing world
Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) will soon be the most frequently diagnosed chronic condition among children, surpassing asthma. Yet research shows that ADHD can't be that prevalent. ADHD, a problem once thought to affect a small percentage of children, has exploded into one of the most misdiagnosed psychiatric conditions. Now doctors and Big Pharma are targeting children and adults worldwide to get the diagnosis and take medications that will, they say, transform their lives. In ADHD Nation, acclaimed New York Times journalist Alan Schwarz takes readers behind the scenes to tell the full story of this billion-dollar industry. There's the father of ADHD, Dr Keith Conners, who spent fifty years promoting the disorder in the US and pills like Ritalin before realising just what he had wrought; a troubled young girl and studious, teenage boy who get entangled in the ADHD machine and are prescribed medications that lead to serious problems; and the pharmaceutical industry that promoted the disorder and continues to earn billions from the rampant mishandling of ADHD. An investigation of how Big Pharma and medical professionals are complicit in the creation, maintenance and continuing expansion of the ADHD industry, this book sounds the alarm for UK readers and demands we wake up to the problem that we too could face in the future.
The truth about the drug companies : how they deceive us and what to do about it
Blue ships : Dutch ocean crossing with multifunctional drugs and spices in the eighteenth century
Handbook of pharmaceutical public policy
Theme : Current developments in pharmaceutical policy and services in Finland
Knowledge accumulation and industry evolution : the case of pharma-biotech
Freeze-drying/lyophilization of pharmaceutical and biological products
Research on the "cost of non-Europe". Basic findings. Volume 15, The "Cost of Non-Europe" in the pharmaceutical industry
Modular design of mesoporous silica materials : towards multifunctional drug delivery systems
Future trends in drug formulation development and pharmaceutical manufacturing
From promise to performance : a journey of transformation at SmithKline Beecham
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Community. Vol. 4, Guide to good manufacturing practice for medicinal products
Growth possibilities of biotechnology companies founded in the 21st century in Finland : a case study
Transnational corporations in the pharmaceutical industry of developing countries
Pricing of non-generic pharmaceutical in EU market area
Creating customer value through digital services in the pharmaceutical industry
"This is the first book entirely devoted to the design and analysis for assessment of biosimilarity and drug interchangeability of biosimilars, and test for comparability in manufacturing processes of biologic products. It covers all of the statistical issues that may occur in biosimilar studies under various study designs at various stages of research and development of biologic products"--
The Future of Drug Discovery: Who decides which diseases to treat? provides a timely and detailed look at the efforts of the pharmaceutical industry and how they relate, or should relate, to societal needs. The authors posit that as a result of increasing risk aversion and accelerated savings in research and development, the industry is not developing drugs for increasingly prevalent diseases, such as Alzheimer's disease, untreatable pain, antibiotics and more. This book carefully exposes the gap between the medicines and therapies we need and the current business path. By analyzing the situation and discussing prospects for the next decade, the The Future of Drug Discovery is a timely book for all those who care about the development needs for drugs for disease. This thought-provoking book is the first to: provide an in-depth, broad perspective on the crisis in drug industry; expose the disconnect between what society needs and what the drug companies are working on; analyse and project over 10 years into the future; explain what it means for scientists and society; and determine what is needed to be done to make sure that the industry responds to society's needs, remains commercially attractive and answers the question as to who decides which diseases to treat.
Choice of market channel in a strategic perspective
Summary: Authorities acting as scientific advisers of industry - are roles becoming confused?.
Big pharma : how the world's biggest drug companies control illness
Pharmaceutical process validation
The global corporation : sustainable, effective and ethical practices : a case book
Intellectual property, pharmaceuticals and public health : access to drugs in developing countries
New drug development in biopharmaceutical companies : the role of private and external funding
Development and control of medicines and medical devices
Investment into new manufacturing capacity : case study
Handbook to GMP training, compliance & risk management solutions : a european perspective
Improving the environmental management system of Tamro Corporation
Natural products : drug discovery and therapeutic medicine
On the take : how medicine's complicity with big business can endanger your health
Analyzing the key characteristics of pharmaceutical industry
Brand medicine : the role of branding in the pharmaceutical industry
St. Petersburg - a logistics perspective : report of a research project conducted for liquid transportation company Haanpaa Group concerning the liquid logistics requirements, competitive situation and future infrastructural development of St. Petersburg, Russia
Japanese multinationals in Europe : a comparison of automobile and pharmaceutical industries
GAMP 5 : a risk-based approach to compliant GxP computerized systems
Cracked : why psychiatry is doing more harm than good
Sleepless : a novel
Proceedings of International Symposium on Medicinal and Aromatic Plants : Chiang Mai, Thailand, December 15-18, 2011
Information management improvement
Industrial organization studies on pharmaceutical markets
Core competencies of small and medium-sized enterprises in the medical technology industry
Specific features of the pharmaceutical market in China
Internet in pharmaceutical marketing: opportunities for competitive advantage through Internet-based disease management
PPeP : privacy protection in e-Pharma
A study of the evolution of concentration in the pharmaceutical industry in the Netherlands
Two essays on generic competition in the Swedish pharmaceuticals market
The generic challenge : understanding patents, FDA and pharmaceutical life-cycle management
Agricultural biotechnology : novel products and new partnerships
What are the characteristics of an international biotech company? : a study of four drug discovery companies in the Turku area
Cracking the code: understand and profit from the biotech revolution that will transform our lives and generate fortunes
Technical and economical study on the reduction (based on best available technology not entailing excessive costs) of industrial emissions from the pharmaceutical and cosmetics industry
Biotechnology: an illustrated Primer
The purpose of the case study was to evaluate the expansion of contract manufacturing capacities at Biovian Ltd, a biopharmaceutical contract development and manufacturing company. Starting point for the study was the fact that Biovian received an initiative for expansion from one of the clients to manufacture continuously a biopharmaceutical product for sales. The aim was to estimate the required size of investment as well as to make predictions about the payback period of the investment. Pre-requisites for the manufacturing capacity expansion were identified. A project plan and schedule was drawn up. Plans were laid out for expansion of the manufacturing plant, equipment acquisitions and personnel resources. Technology transfer of the production method was included in the planning. The plans were used to estimate capital expenditures required for the investment. Additionally, the fixed costs were forecasted.This in turn helped to predict the payback period and to justify pricing. The business model of continuous manufacturing is different from Biovian's current business model for contract development and manufacturing. The differences between the two business models were studied and compared. The purpose of the comparisons was to provide company management with new viewpoints for investment decisions. Finally, in the concluding part, the case study findings and observations were reflected on in light of literature on the biopharmaceutical industry. The growing biopharmaceutical market, current shortage of contract manufacturing capacity, and the outsourcing market trend all support investments into manufacturing capacity. The client's commitment to a long-term contract was perceived as the greatest risk for the investment decision.In order to ensure the client's commitment and to distribute the capital risks equally, an initiative for new strategic partnership between the company and the client was suggested. The results in this case study were used by the company in preparing for and conducting contract negotiations.
Second time around
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Community. Volume 4, Good manufacturing practice for medicinal products
The development factory : unlocking the potential of process innovation
The impact of generic competition on brand name market shares : evidence from micro data
Finland : an ideal place for clinical trials
Laboratory validation : a practitioners guide
This Bachelor's thesis discusses the price controls on medicines that are reimbursed by the Social Insurance Institution of Finland. The main purpose of the study is to investigate the European Commission's competition rules on pharmaceuticals, the implementation of price controls in Finland and their impact on international pharmaceutical business in Finland. The topic was chosen due to the interest of the author to understand more deeply the price controls on reimbursement medicines and their effect on the pharmaceutical business. The theoretical section discusses European regulations, pharmaceutical business in general, the reimbursement system and price control of medicinal products in Finland. The empirical part deals with the research itself. The study was based on both quantitative and qualitative methods. Firstly, an internet-mediated questionnaire was sent to pharmaceutical companies producing prescription medicines. The sample size consisted of 57 companies representing initial and generics producers but also parallel trade. Five questionnaires were returned, which resulted in a response rate of 9 percent. The results were analysed by Microsoft Excel. Secondly, secondary data was used to support the findings of primary data. It was collected mainly from the data sources of Pharma Industry Finland.The study shows that the impact of price controls have been both negative and positive depending on the business type of the pharmaceutical companies. Nevertheless, all parties, including the Pharmaceutical Pricing Board itself, want changes to the present price control system.The author recommends that whatever the changes will be, they should assure that Finland will not only be among the first countries to have new innovative medicines for patients to receive the best treatments, but also a place for international pharmaceutical companies to do profitable business.
Biosimilars : design and analysis of follow-on biologics
Developing and using a GMP audit preparation tool in pharmaceutical contract manufacturer audits
Flavours and fragrances : chemistry, bioprocessing and sustainability
Development of specifications for biotechnology pharmaceutical products : Hyatt Regency, San Francisco CA, USA, May 2-3, 1996
"Biologic drug products are therapeutic moieties that are manufactured using a living system or organism. These are important life-saving drug products for patients with unmet medical needs. They also comprise a growing segment in the pharmaceutical industry. In 2007, for instance, worldwide sales of biological products reached $94 billion US dollars, accounting for about 15% of the pharmaceutical industry's gross revenue. Meanwhile, many biological products face losing their patents in the next decade"--
Translational research : pharmaceutical industry view
The China Business Model: Originality and Limits emphasizes transformation of the Chinese Business Model over the last decades. The impact of the financial crisis on China helps the reader understand its evolution towards capitalism. Topics covered include CSR, leadership, and management in China, how do these organizations impact the performance of companies, the financing policy of Chinese firms and its evolution till the slowdown, finance and business in China, and how could the banking sector and/or the financial markets help the development of Chinese companies?
Dispersion and risk assessment of airborne contaminants in pharmaceutical clean rooms
Technology and development perspectives of the pharmaceutical sector in Ethiopia : outline of a programme for the development of the pharmaceutical sector in Ethiopia : 1984-1993
ADHD nation : The disorder. The drugs. The inside story
Medicinal plants : can utilization and conservation coexist?
Roche : a company history
Polymeric biomaterials
Biopharmaceutical business in California
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Community. Vol. 1, The rules governing medicinal products for human use in the European Community
Identifying the best practice in the manual order picking area
PROMIS Centre : innovative pharmaceutical manufacturing research and technology development in Kuopio, Finland
Evaluation report of Pharmaceutical Technology Programme
Guidelines on technology issues in the pharmaceutical sector in the developing countries
The China business model : originality and limits
Morbid symptons : health under capitalism
Refocusing regulatory exclusivities : regulatory data protection and marketing exclusivity as forms of pharmaceutical innovation policy
Finnish Pharma Cluster : vision 2010 : target programme initiated by the Finnish Pharma Cluster
Impediments to parallel trade in pharmaceuticals within the European Community : final report
Strategic market management : on the pursuit of competitive advantage in the Finnish pharmaceutical industry
The Optimization of GMP/GLP Laboratories:  : The laboratory utilization and work safety improvement project
Human muscarinic receptor subtypes Hm1, Hm3 and Hm5 : expression and functional differences
The future of drug discovery : who decides which diseases to treat?
Strategic outsourcing of R&D : the location-specific advantages of India to the pharmaceutical industry
Our daily meds : how the pharmaceutical companies transformed themselves into slick marketing machines and hooked the nation on prescription drugs
Hypocrite's isle
Exploration into strategic groups and the pharmaceutical industry: Do strategic groups exist in the biopharmaceutical industry? : a study of the Finnish pharma cluster
Marketing planning for the pharmaceutical industry
A guide to good validation practice
A guide to good laboratory practice for start-up and growing laboratories in industry and academia
Mergers and acquisitions during changing business cycles : case: medical industry
Industrial aspects of pharmaceutics
Medicinal product liability and regulation
Chemometric methods in pharmaceutical tablet development and manufacturing unit operations
Bioinformatics : from genomes to therapies
Biocatalysts for industry
Studies in internationalisation of the pharmaceuticals industry, - a taxonomic approach
Pharmaceutical Technology Programme 1989-1994 : evaluation report
Medical science and medical industry : the formation of the American pharmaceutical industry
Bad pharma : how drug companies mislead doctors and harm patients
Shaping the industrial century : the remarkable story of the modern chemical and pharmaceutical industries
Controlled drug delivery : fundamentals and applications
Good manufacturing practice : philosophy and applications
Networking as a firm in strategy in scientific production
Creating technology strategies : how to build competitive biomedical R & D
Risks of project implementation in pharmaceutical industry
Finnish high-tech industries and European integration : sectoral stud y. 3, The pharmaceutical industry
Expert systems : sustainable competitive advantages in the drug industry
Annals of the ICRP
The king of torts
The future of pharma : evolutionary threats and opportunities
Miniaturization of drug solubility and dissolution testings
A guide to good manufacturing practice for start-up and growing companies
Innovation in pharmaceutical biotechnology : comparing national innovation systems at the sectoral level
Let them eat Prozac : the unhealthy relationship between the pharmaceutical industry and depression
An expert system approach to strategic market management in the pharmaceutical industry
WHO Expert Committee on Specifications for Pharmaceutical Preparations : forty-second report
Access to medicines as a human right : implications for pharmaceutical industry responsibility
A study of the evolution of concentration in the pharmaceutical industry for the United Kingdom
Biomarkers - regulatory and toxicological perspectives
34th R3-Nordic Contamination Control Symposium Turku, Finland, June 2-4, 2003
Raman and near-infrared spectroscopic methods for in-line monitoring of freeze-drying process
Misconduct
The Single Market programme as a stimulus to change : comparisons between Britain and Germany
Mother of invention : how the government created free-market health care
Validation and qualificaton in analytical labratories
Distribution and inventory management in Finnish pharmaceutical manufacturing
Licensing strategies and performance: an empirical analysis in the global pharmaceutical industry
Journal of drug delivery science and technology
The arc of the swallow
Indian and Chinese enterprises : global trade, technology and investment regimes
Drug information : a guide for pharmacists
