http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11142 contact persons
contact persons
Edith Wharton
Michelle Obama : A Life in Pictures
Dictionary of American biography. Volume 1, Abbe-Brazer
Tom Waits on Tom Waits : interviews and encounters
Dictionary of American biography. Volume 9, Sewell-Trowbridge
Shelley : also known as Shirley
American biographical index : Amerikanischer biographischer Index
Roth unbound : a writer and his books
Narrative of the life of Frederick Douglass : an American slave
A portrait in his own words
Assessing liaison librarians : documenting impact for positive change
Aaron Copland
My turn : the memoirs of Nancy Reagan
A people and their music : the story behind the story of country music
The dancer within : intimate conversations with great dancers
The music of Conlon Nancarrow
Directory of American philosophers. 2006-2007
All made of tunes : Charles Ives and the uses of musical borrowing
Toward figural fantasy : the representation of consciousness in modern American fantasy literature
The death and life of Sylvia Plath
Reference guide to American literature
The shape of love
With William Burroughs : [private conversations with a modern genius]
Directory of American philosophers
Are you a fan of 5 Seconds of Summer, One Direction, The Vamps and other similar bands? Do you want to know all the inside info on your favourite music acts, from how they first got together to their relationships, likes, dislikes and interesting facts previously known only to those closest to the bands themselves? If so, then this is the book for you. Containing one hundred facts on each band (plus one final bonus fact on 5SOS) this book will make you the master of all rock and pop knowledge! So whether it’s Harry Styles and his mates, Luke Hemmings & co, Brad Simpson and friends or any of the other seven groups featured, this is the perfect book for you!
Brave companions : portraits in history
1001 amazing facts about the best bands : unofficial & unauthorised. Volume 1.
American cars of the 1960s
Directory of American philosophers. 2002-2003
Dictionary of American biography. Volume 7, Mills-Platner
Classic country : legends of country music
Dictionary of American biography. Complete index guide : volumes I-X, supplements 1-7
Papa Hemingway : a personal memoir
The Britannica guide to the 100 most influential Americans
The persuasive image
Who's who in America
Dictionary of American biography. Supplement 4, 1946-1950 : with an index guide to the supplements
The reader's encyclopedia of American literature
Kevin Roche : architecture as environment
John Kennedy : a political profile
Uno Cygnaeus in old Sitka, Alaska
Uncommon lives : my lifelong friendship with Margaret Mead
Dictionary of American biography. Supplement 5, 1951-1955 : with an index guide to the supplements
Dictionary of American biography. Supplement 3, 1941-1945 : with an index guide to the supplements
Directory of American philosophers. 2000-2001
Cars of the fantastic '50s
An American life
The gentle subversive : Rachel Carson, Silent spring, and the rise of the environmental movement
Selections from the writings and speeches of William Randolph Hearst
Henry Winston : profile of a U.S. communist
The good fight : the education of an American reformer
Moving pictures : memories of a Hollywood prince
Precious : photographs
Faces of revolution : personalities and themes in the struggle for American independence
Interactive two-step training and management strategy for improvement of the quality of point-of-care testing by nurses : implementation of the strategy in blood glucose measurement
Dictionary of American biography. Volume 6, Larned-Millington
Dictionary of American biography. Volume 3, Cushman-Fraser
Looking for Steinbeck's ghost
Eminem : crossing the line
The Joker's wild : the biography of Jack Nicholson
Directory of American philosophers 1994-1995
The life and times of Joe McCarthy : a biography
Dictionary of American biography. Volume 5, Hibben-Larkin
Spies : the rise and fall of the KGB in America
An unfinished woman : a memoir
Dictionary of American biography. Volume 2, Brearly-Cushing
Dictionary of American biography. Volume 8, Platt-Seward
Successful global account management : key strategies and tools for managing global customers
A walk on the Wild side : a memoir by virtuoso pianist Earl Wild
Profiles in courage
Directory of American philosophers. 1996-1997
Dictionary of American family names
Killing Kennedy : the end of Camelot
A first book in American history : with special reference to the lives and deeds of great Americans
Dictionary of American biography. Volume 10, Troye-Zunser
Dictionary of American biography. Volume 4, Fraunces-Hibbard
Shutter island
The nature of desire
Engaging privacy and information technology in a digital age
Karsh : American legends
Directory of American philosophers. 2004-2005
Abstract.
Southern daughter : the life of Margaret Mitchell : Darden Asbury Pyron
The man of independence
English summary: Character names taking shape : Word formation, structure and meaning relationships of Finnish-language personal names in full-length, animated Disney feature films.
Humans of New York : stories
American Evita : Hillary Clinton's path to power
Elvis Has Left The Building : The dy the king died
Dictionary of American biography. Supplement 8, 1966-1970 : with an index guide to the supplements
Directory of ancient historians in the United States
Harvey Keitel : the art of darkness
Dictionary of American biography. Supplement 6, 1956-1960 : with an index guide to the supplements
Exile's return : a literary odyssey of the 1920s
Dictionary of American biography. Volume 11.
The happiest man alive : a biography of Henry Miller
Directory of American philosophers. 1992-1993
