http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11168 body image
body image body schema
Society's watchdog - or showbiz' pet? : inspiration for a better sports journalism
The gender/sexuality reader : culture, history, political economy
Looking Queer: Body Image in Lesbian, Bisexual, Gay, and Transgender Communities contains research, firsthand accounts, poetry, theory, and journalistic essays that address and outline the special needs of sexual minorities when dealing with eating disorders and appearance obsession. Looking Queer will give members of these communities hope, insight, and information into body image issues, helping you to accept and to love your body. In addition, scholars, health care professionals, and body image activists will not only learn about queer experiences and identity and how they affect individuals, but will also understand how some of the issues involved affect society as a whole. Revealing new and complex dimensions to body image issues, Looking Queer not only discusses the struggles and hardships of gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgendered persons, but looks at the processes that can lead to acceptance of oneself. Written by both men and women, the topics and research in Looking Queer offer insight into the lives of people you can relate to, enabling you to learn from their experiences so you, too, can find joy and happiness in accepting your body.
They told you you need to be thin and beautiful. They told you to wear longer skirts, avoid going out late at night and move in groups, never accept drinks from a stranger, and wear shoes you can run in more easily than heels. They told you to wear just enough make-up to look presentable but not enough to be a slut; to dress to flatter your apple, pear, hourglass figure, but not to be too tarty. They warned you that if you try to be strong, or take control, you'll be shrill, bossy, a ballbreaker. Of course it's fine for the boys, but you should know your place. They told you that's not for girls, take it as a compliment, don't rock the boat, that'll go straight to your hips. They told you 'beauty is on the inside', but you knew they didn't really mean it. Well screw that. I'm here to tell you something else. Hilarious, jaunty and bold, this book exposes the truth about the pressures surrounding body image, the false representations in media, the complexities of a sex and relationships, the trials of social media and all the other lies they told us.
New mythological figures in Spanish cinema 1975-1996 : dissident bodies under Franco
Education, disordered eating and obesity discourse : fat fabrications
Abstract.
Remaking the body : rehabilitation and change
What do you see when you look in the mirror : helping yourself to a positive body image
Bodytime : on the interaction of body, identity, and society
The psychology of the female body
Without the body there would be no feminist theory. And it's possible to say that without feminist theory there would be no modern "body." The body has long been a contested site in feminist circles. From debates about motherhood, pregnancy, and abortion, discussions of pleasure and sex, to more philosophical discussions of embodiment and the gendering of bodies, the major thinkers of feminist theory have reshaped our ideas of how women and men understand what the body is. In "Feminist Theory and the Body" Price and Shildrick bring together over 40 of the world's greatest feminist writers to represent the key arguments from all of the different feminist schools of thought on the body. The book's seven sections cover Woman as Body?, Sexy Bodies, Bodies in Science and Biomedicine, After the Binary, Altered Bodies, BodySpaceMatter and Performing the Body. It includes articles on race, cyberspace, theatre, classics, transsexuality, reproductive technologies, illness, rape, plastic surgery, disabilities and much, much more.
Body image and perceptual dysfunction in adults
The female body in mind : the interface between the female body and mental health
The possible human : a course in extending your physical, mental, and creative abilities
Looking queer : body image and identity in lesbian, bisexual, gay, and transgender communities
How will I grow?
The effect of amputation on body image and well-being : a systematic review
The political lives of dead bodies : reburial and postsocialist change
Foucault on freedom
Self as body in Asian theory and practice
Encyclopedia of body image and human appearance
Facial paintings of the Indians of northern British Columbia
Critical bodies : representations, identities, and practices of weight and body management
The art of the body : antiqvity and its legacy
Basic body awareness therapy : exercises, verbal guidance, observation and assessment of quality of movement : a first introduction
Dick for a day : what would you do if you had one?
Whilst the body has recently assumed greater sociological significance, there has been less engagement in social work and social care on the bodily experience of health, illness and disease. This innovative volume redresses the balance by exploring chronic illness and social work, through the specific lens of autoimmunity, engaging in wider debates around vulnerability, resistance and the lived experience of ongoing ill-health. Moving beyond existing conceptualisations of vulnerability as an issue of mental distress, ageing, child protection and poverty, Price and Walker demonstrate the role that society has to play in actively engaging the physical body, rather than working around and through it. The book focuses on auto-immune conditions such as lupus, multiple sclerosis, rheumatoid arthritis and scleroderma. Conditions like these allow for an exploration of the materiality of illness which exacerbates social and economic vulnerability and may precipitate personal and social crises, requiring a variety of interventions and support. The risks and challenges associated with chronic illness include disruptions to a sense of self and identity, altered relationships and the renegotiation of roles and responsibilities in a variety of relationships in addition to an economic impact, with the potential for disruption to employment status and financial insecurity. This text opens up a range of debates around some of the central concerns of the social work profession, including vulnerability, ill-health, and independence. It will be of interest to scholars and students of social work, nursing, disability studies, medicine and the social sciences.
The grotesque movement
A bold reappraisal of science and society, The Woman in the Body explores the different ways that women's reproduction is seen in American culture. Contrasting the views of medical science with those of ordinary women from diverse social and economic backgrounds, anthropologist Emily Martin presents unique fieldwork on American culture and uncovers the metaphors of economy and alienation that pervade women's imaging of themselves and their bodies. A new preface examines some of the latest medical ideas about women's reproductive cycles.
Calories & corsets : a history of dieting over 2,000 years
The invisible man : a self-help guide for men with eating disorders, compulsive exercising and bigorexia
Knowledge in motion : perspectives of artistic and scientific research in dance
Body image satisfaction in 11-18 year old girls and boys
The power of beauty
The problem body : projecting disability on film
Muscle dysmorphia : prevalence and correlates in a population-based sample of Finnish men
"Yoga is for everyone--not just the young and lithe! If your image of yoga consists of super-flexible bodies contorting themselves into pretzel-like positions, Anna Guest-Jelley offers a much-needed antidote. She understands what it's like trying to force yourself into poses that won't take and feeling short of breath. So she created Curvy Yoga, a worldwide phenomenon that embraces real bodies of all shapes and sizes. She rolls out a practical and welcoming introduction to the ancient practice, along with personal stories of growth, classes gone awry, clueless gurus, and the shocking fat-shaming that pervades the yoga scene. Photographs throughout make it easy to follow each pose"--
The body wars : why body dissatisfaction is at epidemic proportions and how we can fight back
Altered body image : the nurse's role
The woman in the body : a cultural analysis of reproduction : [with a new preface]
Yoga and body image : 25 personal stories about beauty, bravery & loving your body
Breasts : the women's perspective on an American obsession
Curvy yoga : love yourself & your body a little more each day
Body studies : the basics
Do kamo : person and myth in the Melanesian world
Enforcing normalcy : disability, deafness, and the body
Overcoming body image disturbance : a programme for people with eating disorders
Impaired body image of young female survivors of childhood leukemia
Body image disturbance : assessment and treatment
Figuring the feminine : the rhetoric of female embodiment in medieval Hispanic literature
Male bodies : health, culture and identity
Theoretical model for apparel design curriculum : fit satisfaction, body cathexis, and creativity
The body snatchers : how the media shapes women
Perfect girls, starving daughters : the frightening new normality of hating your body
Pornography of meat
Sisters unlimited : the guide to life, love, bodies and being you
A perfect ten
Tahitians : mind and experience in the Society Islands
The performance of gender : an anthropology of everyday life in a South Indian fishing village
Fat Studies in the UK
Body image in clothing classes
Differences in body image between psychosomatics and non-psychosomatics
Fat history : bodies and beauty in the modern West
Bodies : exploring fluid boundaries
Leaky bodies and boundaries : feminism, postmodernism and (bio)ethics
The civilization of the South American Indians : with special reference to magic and religion
The broken mirror : understanding and treating body dysmorphic disorder
Fat chance! : the myth of dieting explained
Selves in time and place : identities, experience, and history in Nepal
Body image: nursing concepts and care
Five bodies : the human shape of modern society
Eating disorders
Embodying morality : growing up in rural northern Vietnam
Just a little too thin : how to pull your child back from the brink of an eating disorder
Body images : embodiment as intercorporeality
Embodying modernity and postmodernity : ritual, praxis, and social change in Melanesia
"At the end of World War II, many Americans longed for a return to a more normal way of life after decades of depression and war. In fact, between 1945 and 1963 the idea of "normality" circulated as a keyword in almost every aspect of American culture. In Perfectly Average, Anna Creadick investigates how and why this concept reemerged as a potent homogenizing category in postwar America. Working with scientific studies, material culture, literary texts, film, fashion, and the mass media, she charts the pursuit of the "normal" through thematic chapters on the body, character, class, sexuality, and community."
The frailty myth : women approaching physical equality
Steve Biddulph's raising girls
Feeding desire : fatness, beauty, and sexuality among a Saharan people
Desire handles love handles : body dissatisfaction and disordered eating in androphilic and gynephilic men and women
Body image and body schema : interdisciplinary perspectives on the body
For the love of God, Marie!
Emotion, depth, and flesh : a study of sensitive space : reflections on Merleau-Ponty's Philosophy of embodiment
Experience of alopecia among cancer patients
Body image and personality
"Calories & Corsets is a fascinating and wonderfully witty exploration of our 2,000 year quest for the perfect body. From Roman slaves carrying senators' bellies and Henry VIII's insatiable artichoke appetite to Lord Byron's claret and soda starvation, battling the bulge is far from a twenty-first century phenomenon. Our perception of perfection evolves, moulded by fashions and cultural beliefs into a corseted hourglass or a boyish Twiggy. Yet today's media frenzy and billion pound diet industry show our susceptibility to the same myths and anxieties that provoked ancestors to suspend themselves in weighing chairs or lukewarm baths, drink vinegar and eat carbolic soap, in the hope of shedding pounds. So, with lashings of wit and a large dollop of common sense, award-winning historian Louise Foxcroft offers a welcome perspective for being truly happy and healthy in our bodies." -- (takakansi)
Body modification
The metamorphoses of fat : a history of obesity
Sacrifice and the body : biblical anthropology and Christian self-understanding
Interior passages : obesity and transformation
Love + marriage = death : and other essays on representing difference
Dressing up in power: Tom of Finland and gay male body politics
Undressing the Maid : gender, sexuality and the body in the construction of the Finnish nation
Perfectly average : the pursuit of normality in postwar America
Touching : the human significance of the skin
Young women and the body : a feminist sociology
Magical food and health beliefs in a sample of women experiencing problems related to food, eating and body image
Sporting gender : women athletes and celebrity-making during China's national crisis, 1931-45
Weaving the threads of life : the Khita gyn-eco-locical healing cult among the Yaka
Shapes and sizes : body image, body dissatisfaction and disordered eating in relation to gender and gender identity
The female body in early Buddhist literature
Embodying the monster : encounters with the vulnerable self
[New global perspectives on eating disorders]
Women's bodies : discipline and transgression
Body work : the social construction of women's body image
Key concepts in body and society
South Asian women in the diaspora
Revolting bodies? : the struggle to redefine fat identity
Fat Studies in the UK is inspired by the first British UK Fat Studies seminar held in York in May 2008. The seminar helped bring together academics, health practitioners, activists and artists to discuss how contemporary UK culture represents, attempts to control and demonises fat, and to share and generate ways of countering these ideas on many fronts. FSUK contains articles, cartoons, personal reflection and reports of activism that offer a variety of ways to understand and respond to mainstream perspectives on fat, as well as stirring and suggestive calls to action in the classroom and in the gym, on the page and on the streets, in the home and in clothes shops. Fat Studies in the UK is designed to appeal to a wide audience, including practitioners, fat activists, students and academics in the fields of health and medicine, sociology, and media and cultural studies, and anyone who is concerned with the ideas perpetrated in the current 'obesity epidemic' by government, health bodies, and mainstream media.
The body as interface : dialogues between the disciplines
Make way for the superhumans : How the science of bio enhancement is transforming our world, and how we need to deal with it
Feminism and the biological body
Mutilating the body : identity in blood and ink
Anxious anatomy : the conception of the human form in literary and naturalist discourse
The human face reconsidered
Bodytime discusses why biological processes, desire, and the passion for physical exposure occupy such a large place in people's lives nowadays. The authors describe people in different phases of life. We meet childless couples at the IVF clinic, fathers in the delivery ward, teenage girls and social services officers in an investigation of a lurid sex scandal. The essays also look at manual workers and director's wives, anorexic and bulimic girls, patients in a geriatric clinic, and corpses on the autopsy table.
Feminist theory and the body : a reader
Družbeno-kulturne podobe raka dojk v Sloveniji = Social and cultural imagery of breast cancer in Slovenia
Natural symbols : explorations in cosmology
The body myth : adult women and the pressure to be perfect
Provides thoughtful, sensitive, and straightforward guidance on how to navigate toward a healthy and well-adjusted understanding of self-worth.
Fat is a feminist issue
The corporeal identity : when the self-image hurts
Staging tourism : bodies on display from Waikiki to sea world
Humors and substances : ideas of the body in New Guinea
What a lesbian looks like : writings by lesbians on their lives and lifestyles from the archives of the National Lesbian and Gay Survey
The fat Jesus : feminist explorations in boundaries and transgressions
Between skins : the body in psychoanalysis--contemporary developments
Reconstructing obesity : the meaning of measures and the measure of meanings
Foreign bodies : performance, art, and symbolic anthropology
Bodies of thought : embodiment, identity and modernity
The prevention of eating problems and eating disorders : theory, research, and practice
Body image, eating disorders, and obesity in youth : assessment, prevention, and treatment
The body and social psychology
Effects of the environment, genes, gender, and age on body image
Tourism and Australian beach cultures : revealing bodies
TV Transformations : revealing the makeover show
The visible self : perspectives on dress
Three hands : fregmentation of human bodily awareness
The feminine ideal
Viewed as both unhealthy and unattractive, fat people are widely represented in popular culture and in interpersonal interactions as revolting as agents of abhorrence and disgust. Yet if we think about "revolting" in a different way, Kathleen LeBesco argues, we can recognize fatness as not simply an aesthetic state or a medical condition, but a political one. If we think of revolting in terms of overthrowing authority, rebelling, protesting, and rejecting, then corpulence carries a whole new weight as a subversive cultural practice that calls into question received notions about health, beauty, and nature. Revolting Bodies examines a number of sites of struggle over the cultural meaning of fatness. The book is grounded in scholarship on identity politics, the social construction of beauty, and the subversion of hegemonic medical ideas about the dangers of fatness. It explains how the redefinition of fat identities has been undertaken by people who challenge conventional understandings of nature, health, and beauty and, in so doing, alter their individual and collective relationships to power. LeBesco explores how the bearer of a fat body is marked as a failed citizen, inasmuch as her powers as a worker, shopper, and sexually "desirable" subject are called into question. At the same time, she highlights fat fashion, relations among fat, queer, and disability politics and activism, and online communities as opportunities for transforming these pejorative stereotypes of fatness. Her discussion of the long-term ramifications of denying bodily agency in effect, letting biological determinism run rampant has implications not only for our understanding of fatness but also for future political practice.
The body in qualitative research
Reading the social body
Real bodies : a sociological introduction
Eating disorders : innovative directions for research and practice
Embodiment and experience : the existential ground of culture and self
Second skins : the body narratives of transsexuality
This scholarly work is the most comprehensive existing resource on human physical appearance-how people's outer physical characteristics and their inner perceptions and attitudes about their own appearance (body image) affect their lives. The encyclopedia's 117 full-length chapters are composed and edited by the world's experts from a range of disciplines-social, behavioral, and biomedical sciences. The extensive topical coverage in this valuable reference work includes: (1) Important theories, perspectives, and concepts for understanding body image and appearance; (2) Scientific measurement.
Cinderella's bum
The silence of the body : materials for the study of medicine
The disabled body in contemporary art
Fat lives : a feminist psychological exploration
Childhood leukemia and body image : interview reveals impairment not found by questionnaire
Body signs : the latino/a body in cultural production
Yoga in modern society
The Gender/Sexuality Reader is a sophisticated survey which contextualizes gender and sexuality in a matrix of varied racial formations, nationalisms, colonialisms, imperialisms and movements for social change. Contributors include: Lila Abu-Lughod, Janice Boddy, Susan Bordo, Judith Butler, Jane Collier, Jane L. Collins, Teresa de Lauretis, Janadas Devan, Micaela di Leonardo, John D'Emilio, Ann Fausto-Sterling, Susan Gal, David F. Greenberg, Matthew Gutman, Jacalyn D. Harden, Lori L. Heise, Geraldine Heng, Darlene Clark Hine, Evelyn Fox Keller, Roger Lancaster, Thomas Laqueur, Catherine A. Lutz, Emily Martin, Richard Parker, Cindy Patton, Rosalind Petchesky, Elizabeth A. Povinelli, Rayna Rapp, Michelle Rosaldo, Ellen Ross, Lousia Schein, Nancy Scheper-Hughes, Amartya Sen, Elizabeth Sheehan, Siobhan Somerville, Susan Sperling, Judith Stacey, Arlene Stein, Ann Stoler, Carole S. Vance, Sylvia Yanagisako, and Patricia Zavella.
Phenomenology of perception
Bodywork : dress as cultural tool : dress and demeanor in the south of Senegal
What is a body? What are our perceptions of our inner bodies? How are these perceptions influenced? In recent years, thinking about the body has become highly fashionable. However, the renewed focus, while certainly welcome, seems to always end at the corporeal surface. While recent sociological and feminist theory has made important claims about the process of cultural inscription on the body, and about the cultural representation of the body, what actually appears in this new theory seems to be, ironically, disembodied. If this newly theorized form has interiority, it is one that is explained predominantly through psychoanalysis. The physiological processes remain a mystery to be explained, if at all, only in the esoteric language of biomedicine. As a trained biologist, Lynda Birke was frustrated by the gap between feminist cultural analysis and her own scientific background. In this book, she seeks to bridge this gap using ideas in anatomy and physiology to develop the feminist view that the biological body is socially and culturally constructed. Birke rejects the assumption that bodily function is somehow fixed and unchanging, claiming that biology offers more than just a deterministic narrative of how nature works. Feminism and the Biological Body brings natural science and feminist theory together and suggests that we need a new politics that includes, rather than denies, our flesh.
When her best friend, Libby, misuses instant transportation technology to alter her appearance, seventeeen-year-old Clair is drawn into a shadowy world of conspiracies and cover-ups as she attempts to save Libby from the hidden consequences of her actions
Embodying Black experience : stillness, critical memory, and the Black body
Culture and the senses : bodily ways of knowing in an African community
Getting under the skin : the body and media theory
When the body becomes all eyes : paradigms, discourses and practices of power in kalarippayattu, a South Indian martial art
People watching : social perceptual, and neurophysiological studies of body perception
The shaking woman, or, a history of my nerves
The body & society : explorations in social theory
Basic body awareness therapy : assessment, treatment and interaction
Those who play with fire : gender, fertility and transformation in East and Southern Africa
Banish your body image thief : a cognitive behavioural therapy workbook on building positive body image for young people
This is my body : an existential analysis of the living body
The end of normal : identity in a biocultural era
What is sacrifice? For many people today the word has negative overtones, suggesting loss, or death, or violence. But in religions, ancient and modern, the word is linked primarily to joyous feasting which puts people in touch with the deepest realities. How has that change of meaning come about? What effect does it have on the way we think about Christianity? How does it affect the way Christian believers think about themselves and God?John Dunnill's study focuses on sacrifice as a physical event uniting worshippers to deity. Bringing together insights from social anthropology, biblical studies and Trinitarian theology, Dunnill links to debates in sociology and cultural studies, as well as the study of liturgy. Through a positive view of sacrifice, Dunnill contributes to contemporary Christian debates on atonement and salvation.
Spacious body : explorations in somatic ontology
Beyond dieting : psychoeducational interventions for chronically obese women: a non-dieting approach
Body decoration
The weight of images : affect, body image and fat in the media
Physical appearance and gender : sociobiological and sociocultural perspectives
Origins and early development of human body knowledge
Sizesexy : How to look good, feel good and be happy - at any size
Chronic illness, vulnerability, and social work : autoimmunity and the contemporary disease experience
The height of your life
In clothes called fat
Re-embodied : young women, the body quest and agency in the culture of appearances
Controlling the body to liberate the soul : towards an analysis of the Coptic Orthodox concept of the body
The woman in the body : a cultural analysis of reproduction
Size sexy : how to look good, feel good and be happy - at any size
"In an era when human lives are increasingly measured and weighed in relation to the medical and scientific, notions of what is "normal" have changed drastically. While it is no longer useful to think of a person's particular race, gender, sexual orientation, or choice as "normal," the concept continues to haunt us in other ways. In The End of Normal, Lennard J. Davis explores changing perceptions of body and mind in social, cultural, and political life as the 21st century unfolds. The book's provocative essays mine the worlds of advertising, film, literature, and the visual arts as they consider issues of disability, depression, physician-assisted suicide, medical diagnosis, transgender, and other identities. Using contemporary discussions of biopower and biopolitics, Davis focuses on social and cultural production--particularly on issues around the different body and mind. The End of Normal seeks an analysis that works comfortably in the intersection between science, medicine, technology, and culture, and will appeal to those interested in cultural studies, bodily practices, disability, science and medical studies, feminist materialism, psychiatry, and psychology"--
Heavy : the obesity crisis in cultural context
Thinking geographically : space, theory, and contemporary human geography
Twilight zones : the hidden life of cultural images from Plato to O.J
Empowering elements in the lives of transgender persons
Body matters : leisure images and lifestyles
The good body : asceticism in contemporary culture
Body image : understanding body dissatisfaction in men, women, and children
"Yoga is for everyone--not just the young and lithe! Because Anna Guest-Jelley understands what it's like trying to force yourself into poses that won't take and feeling short of breath, she created Curvy Yoga to embrace all shapes and sizes. She rolls out a welcoming introduction to the practice, along with personal stories of growth and body acceptance"--
Expectations for women : confronting stereotypes
The body percept
Readiness and motivation for change among young women experiencing disordered eating
"Consideration of the body as a subject for study has increased in recent years with new technologies, forms of modification, debates about obesity and issues of age being brought into focus by the media. Drawing on contemporary culture, Body Studies: The Basics introduces readers to the key concerns and debates surrounding the study of the sociological body, cutting across disciplines to cover topics which include: Nature vs. Culture: how we 'build' and transform our bodies, Conformity and resistance in bodily practice, Issues of body image--beauty, diet, exercise and age, Sporting bodies and the pursuit of ideals, Enfreakment, disability and monstrosity, Cyborgs and virtual online bodies, With further reading signposted throughout, this accessible book is essential reading for anyone studying the body through the lens of sociology, cultural studies, sports studies, media studies and gender studies; and all those with an interest in how the physical body can be a social construct"--
Burnt toast : and other philosophies of life
