http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11196 Jewish Christians
Jewish Christians
Jewish-Christian interpretation of the Pentateuch in the pseudo-Clementine homilies
Border lines : the partition of Judaeo-Christianity
Paul, John, and apocalyptic eschatology : studies in honour of Martinus C. de Boer
Aslan in the Chronicles of Narnia as a representative of the Judeo-Christian God
Jewish-Christian Gospel tradition
Jewish Christianity reconsidered : rethinking ancient groups and texts
Christians, Jews, and other worlds : patterns of conflict and accommodation : the Avery lectures in history
An ancient Jewish Christian source on the history of Christianity : Pseudo-Clementine Recognitions 1.27-71
The spots of the leopard
They went out from us : the identity of the opponents in First John
From failed mission to apocalyptic admiration : perspectives on Finnish Christian zionism
"David Warren Sabean was a pioneer in the historical-anthropological study of kinship, community, and selfhood in early modern and modern Europe. His career has helped shape the discipline of history through his supervision of dozens of graduate students and his influence on countless other scholars. This book collects wide-ranging essays demonstrating the impact of Sabean's work has on scholars of diverse time periods and regions, all revolving around the prominent issues that have framed his career: kinship, community, and self. The significance of David Warren Sabean's scholarship is reflected in original research contributed by former students and essays written by his contemporaries, demonstrating Sabean's impact on the discipline of history"--Provided by publisher.
A moral reckoning : the role of the Catholic Church in the Holocaust and its unfulfilled duty of repair
Features studies in honour of Martinus C de Boer that offer important backgrounds and new insights by leading New Testament scholars on Paul, John, and Apocalyptic Eschatology.
The ascents of James : history and theology of a Jewish-Christian community
Alongside his long-awaited systematic introduction to the Pseudo-Clementines, F. Stanley Jones collects into one volume over thirty new and previously published essays on the Pseudo-Clementines, Elchasai, and Jewish Christianity. This corpus spans three decades of concerted research into manuscripts, ancient witnesses, editions, translations, reconstructions, and historical analysis. A chorus of Jewish Christian voices from second/third-century Syria emerges and reveals distinctive beliefs and literary productions in their interface with contemporary Judaism, gentile Christianity, and the pagan world. "The book of Elchasai", for example, is reconstructed and translated as an eye-opening church order from 116-117 C.E. This volume provides vistas for new appreciations of ancient Jewish Christianity as well as of the sparkling diversity in early Christianity generally.
Kinship, community, and self : essays in honor of David Warren Sabean
Paul, Judaism, and the Gentiles : beyond the new perspective
Facts & myths about the messianic congregations in Israel 1998-1999
Why me?
Matthew and his world : the gospel of the open Jewish Christians : studies in biblical theology
The origins of hospitality and tourism
Early Judaeo-Christianity : historical essays
The image of the Judaeo-Christians in ancient Jewish and Christian literature
Love without pretense : Romans 12.9-21 and Hellenistic-Jewish wisdom literature
The apostolic and post-apostolic times
Community building in the Shepherd of Hermas : a critical study of some key aspects
Didache and Judaism : Jewish roots of an ancient Christian-Jewish work
The parting of the ways : the Roman church as a case study
Lord Jesus Christ : devotion to Jesus in earliest Christianity
In Community Building in the Shepherd of Hermas, Mark Grundeken investigates key aspects of Christian community life as reflected upon in the early Christian writing the Shepherd of Hermas (2nd century C.E.). Grundeken's thematic study deals with various topics: the community's identity, including its (alleged) 'Jewish Christianness', (lack of) resurrection belief, sectarian tendencies and its relation to the authorities and to the emperor cult; social features, encompassing gender roles and charity; and rituals such as baptism, metanoia, Eucharistic meals, the Sunday collection, dancing (and singing), the 'holy kiss' and reading of Scripture. The many fruitful entries prove Hermas to be one of the main texts for studying the development of community building in the early church.
The Galatians debate : contemporary issues in rhetorical and historical interpretation
Jewish believers in Jesus : the early centuries
Jewish ways of following Jesus : redrawing the religious map of antiquity
Christian responses to the Holocaust : moral and ethical issues
Jews, Christians and Jewish Christians in antiquity
Early Christian thought in its Jewish context
Facts & myths : about the Messianic congregations in Israel 1998-1999
Heaven, hell, and the afterlife : eternity in Judaism, Christianity, and Islam. Volume 1, End time and afterlife in Judaism
Messianic Jewish manifesto
James the Just and Christian origins
A study of the translation of the Hebrew Bible into Greek - a work of seminal importance, without which there would have been no Western Jewish disapora, and no Christianity. The book places its production in historical context, and examines its role in the religious culture of Jews in the Mediterranean during this period.
Who are the father and his children in JN 8:44? : a literary, historical and theological analysis of JN 8:44 and its context
Edith Stein : a biography
The irony of Galatians : Paul's letter in first-century context
Translation and survival : the Greek Bible of the ancient Jewish Diaspora
Recovering Jewish-Christian sects and gospels
The Popes against the Jews : the Vatican's role in the rise of modern anti-semitism
The rediscovery of Jewish Christianity : from Toland to Baur
Judaism is not Jewish : a friendly critique of the Messianic movement
Hebrew Christianity: its theology, history and philosophy
