http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11171 corporate image
corporate image company image
Images of organization
Abstract.
Corporate identity
This research is conducted for Dressmann Oy, an internationally operating Norwegian men's clothing store. The research problem is to identify Dressmann's internal brand image among sales staff. The study consists of evaluating Dressmann' s internal brand communication channels and methods, studying employee brand awareness and emotional commitment to the brand. First research objective is to identify how efficiently the brand is communicated to the employees and what are the possible brand information bottlenecks. Secondly, to evaluate if the employees are living the brand. The thesis concentrates in measuring in which level the current brand awareness and emotional commitment are among sales staff. The theory was based on brand communications, internal branding process, and in recognizing the potential benefits of strong internal brands. The theoretical framework summarizes the main theory concepts, which are brought together and adapted into a creation of a new internal brand evaluation tool, also known as internal brand state. The internal brand state recognizes and helps to evaluate the brand from both awareness and emotional commitment sides, and illustrates the efficiency of brand communications. The survey was conducted by quantitative method and 33 respondents of the possible 52 answered the questionnaire. The survey included 53 multiple-choice questions and five open-ended questions. The survey was carried out among the employees of Greater Helsinki region in the beginning of February 2010. The results imply that currently the brand communications are working fairly well, but some weak links in the brand communications were found and indentified. Internal brand state is currently on a good level, but especially the brand visioning part needs to be improved from both awareness and emotional commitment sides. It is important to notice that emotional commitment, among sales staff, was slightly higher than the awareness in all of the evaluated branding process parts. Recommendations include using the internal brand state for managerial purposes and recog-nize the efficiency levels of individual internal communication channels. The need for emphasizing the role of store managers and co-workers in communicating the brand in order to enhance the internal brand development.
Corporate image in industrial business : What is the role of corporate image created by design management in global industrial business?
Identity crisis : the experiences of brand identity
The significance of visual elements in music publishing
Corporate identity and internal implementation of a corporate brand
Resolving the design challenge for National Electronic Vehicle Sweden : a comparative study on how insiders and outsiders perceive the brand style of Saab
Nokia according to its public relations texts : - a discourse analytic approach
Managing and Developing Company Identity: Case Evianet Solutions
The manager's book of decencies : how small gestures build great companies
Buildings and corporate communications
Trust Inc. : strategies for building your company's most valuable asset
CEPI aims to tip the balance back toward business
How to manage your global reputation : a guide to the dynamics of international public relations
The death of corporate reputation : how integrity has been destroyed on Wall Street
Building your company's good name : how to create & protect the reputation your organization wants & deserves
Quality improvements through ISO 9000 standards : can ISO 9000 quality standards improve quality? : a classification of business-to-business companies
Internal brand identity : case: Feelmax Oy
The corporate image : strategies for effective identity programmes
Improvement of Käyttöauto Tampere image in Finland
The best in restaurant corporate identity
Employer branding
What would Apple do? : how you can learn from Apple and make money : inspiration and ideas
Internationales jahrbuch kommunikationsdesign, 2003/2004 = International yearbook communication design 2003/2004
Around Europe logos
Reputation management : a study of leading Finnish companies
The research aims to build brand for a small-sized company namely CoreFinland Ltd. Herein, the main objective of this research is to create CoreFinland as a brand in b-to-b customers' context. This broader milestone is achieved by studying the case company's brand identity and brand image issues. The first part of this research makes a comparative study of varieties of relevant literature from different writers. The theories discuss b-to-b brand relevance and extend to the major study areas: brand identity and brand image. This is a qualitative research, carried out by using semi-structured interviews with the company personnel in order to find out the brand identity and with the business customers to reveal the current com-pany image. The revealed image is contrasted with the identity and, finally, a suitable identity for the company is suggested. The study reveals that the company's brand image among the customers corresponds only moderately with the company's brand identity because of lack of brand communi-cation, an insufficient product range and insufficient customer care. Further, the research suggests a suitable brand identity by considering customers' perceptions and the company objectives. The study reveals that CoreFinland's core identity needs to be related to its organizational associations of being healthy and environmentally friendly, and service associations of having professional and friendly customer care, and quick and effective delivery. In addition, its extended identity needs to be a young and dynamic Finnish company with healthy and luxurious products, passionate workers and having a good contact with retailers and wholesalers.  The findings of this study allow CoreFinland to understand its current company image and provide valuable insights to the company to create a suitable brand identity.
Social innovation in the private sector : evaluating the effectiveness of the business model canvas in fostering social value creation
The world of fashion labels and tags
The best in world trademarks : corporate and brand identity, volume 1
Corporate Responsibility Reporting on the Consumer Perspective : Case: Coca-Cola Company
IdN special 03 : examining the visual culture of corporate identity
Employer branding in power industry
How to crystallize an organization's identity : case Mediaplanet
Industrial design as a culturally reflexive activity in manufacturing
Corporate architecture : building a brand : fashion, banking, telecommunications, automotive
Social media in employer brand communication: Focus on SMEs in Finland. Case study: Smarp Oy
"Reputation Management is a how-to guide for students and professionals, as well as CEOs and other business leaders. It rests on the premise that reputation can be measured, monitored, and managed. Organized by corporate communication units including media relations, employee communication, government relations, and investor relations, the book provides a field-tested guide to corporate reputation problems such as leaked memos, unfair treatment by the press, and negative rumors, and focuses on practical solutions. Each chapter is fleshed out with the real-world experience of the authors and contributors, who come from a wide range of professional corporate communication backgrounds"--
"More than 30 leading experts share their insights on the impact of trust on business success in this handbook on organizational trust. Through case studies--including Apple's new leadership--stories, and solutions, these experts present a holistic perspective that encompasses the role of all stakeholders, not just leaders, in advancing trust and trustworthiness within organizations. Among the contributors are Ben Boyd of Edelman, Randy Conley of Ken Blanchard Companies, Stephen M. R. Covey of CoveyLink, Amy Lyman of the Great Places to Work Institute, and Bob Vanourek of Triple Crown Leadership"--
The economist intelligence unit guide to building a global image
Identity 2.0
Brand identity and image : case Kiinteistömaailma
Employer Branding for SMEs : Attracting Graduating Students in IT Industry
Winning the reputation game : creating stakeholder value and competitive advantage
Twitter marketing for dummies
Interaction between Vietnamese enterprises and consultancy in visual branding
The action based investigative thesis “The Significance of Visual Elements in Music Publishing” serves as a personal reflective analysis of a design student and an artist. The thesis is based on complete packaging designs for two CD-albums that the author has planned, designed and arranged for printing. The thesis will also try to describe and venture into the visual sides of promotion for the latest albums and how they were blueprinted and executed. The main objective for the thesis is to illustrate the complete processes of creating complex artwork for album packaging in a versatile manner. By reflecting on the methods used in design management and companies’ image control, the thesis also aims to investigate the significance and functions of visual elements in music publishing as a whole. This especially considers the genre of rock music, which the albums described in this thesis are categorized into. In conclusion, the whole thesis works as a platform for personal growth as an artist and a student in the visual field of study, while also working as an example to designers working with similar projects. The thesis also provides helpful information on how to achieve a fitting, attractive and promotionally intriguing visual identity in today’s music business to the interested about the ongoing pursuit of success in the music field.
Incorporating cultural value into a service brand : strategic branding for ALV
Designing recognizable logos
International promotion: the building of corporate image : case Nokia Mobile Phones USA
The company image : building your identity and influence in the marketplace
Corporate identity in family business : case Isku Group
Discovering identity and brand formation in a startup : a case exploration
The purpose of this research is to analyze the current brand image of Häfele Vina. Based on this analysis, necessary improvements in branding will be revealed. Continuous improvements always contribute to the development of businesses. This branding relevant topic will help Häfele Vina maintain its strong position and satisfy better industrial customers' expectations about the brand.    The literature review was mainly based on Gad's 4-D branding model and Kapferer's brand identity prism to understand customers' perceptions and suggest improvements for brand identity. Other theories relevant to brand identity and brand image were also helpful to clarify how a brand is perceived by customers. From that, customers' expectations could be revealed and satisfied better to build a strong and long term relationship between customers and the brand.     The approach of this research was deductive. Relevant theories were introduced first in order to have a background to conduct the empirical part. The data were collected by face-to-face interview and analyzed qualitatively. The qualitative method was more suitable to get insights of customers' thinking about the brand. Interviewees were industrial customers who were chosen randomly in Häfele Showroom. One interview was arranged with the Häfele general marketing manager to provide information about Häfele Vina and the current brand identity. All the interviews took place in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam from 12th to 16th of July 2011.     The findings of this research define Häfele as a “big” brand of furniture fittings and hardware in Vietnam, yet certain aspects should be taken into consideration. The quality of products is an advantage, yet values of good services and guarantee are not insured. The brand has nothing outstanding rather than quality and country of origin, and that is not enough to sustain a strong brand. The proposed brand mind space, brand identity prism, and a brand manual were created based on findings to suggest for Häfele some ideas for future development.
Logos : logo, identity, brand, culture
"The ultimate guide to Logo Design from the world's most popular resource for web designers and developers. Web designers and developers now find themselves tasked with designing not only a client's Web site, but also their logo and brand identity. By adding Logo Design to your portfolio, you also add brand skills and unique content. This unparalleled guide dives into the topic of design theory and tells you everything you need to know in order to build remarkable logo. No matter your level of experience, Smashing Magazine covers techniques and best practices in understandable way. You'll look behind the scenes at the art of creating identities. From theory to instruction to inspiration, this must-have book addresses the challenges and rewards of creating a logo that adheres to specific rules of successful design. Details the process of creating a memorable and unique logo, from finding inspiration to executing the design. Looks at what makes a logo successful, various typefaces to explore, ways to use color, the pros and cons of vector, how to prepare for print, and more. Zeroes in on the research, concepts, and techniques that go into designing an amazing logo Includes more than 400 never-before-published logos, interviews with established designers, and biographies of logo design masters with case studies of their iconic work. Appeals to a wide range of readers, from aspiring designer to experienced professional. Encompassing everything about the art of creating identities, this is the only book you need to get started designing today"--
Corporate images in mergers and acquisitions : Case: acquistion of the Body Shop by L'Oréal
Internal branding in business-to-business environment : measuring holistic brand image through employee brand perceptions
Four pillars support the reliable Finncarriers brand in Northern Europe
Temporary employment agencies' employer image of undergraduate students
Corporate identity: name, image and perception : highlights of a conference
The corporate image research case Dynaset Oy
Employer Branding for SMEs: Attracting Graduating Students in IT Industry
Smashing logo design : the art of creating visual identities
The employer brand : keeping faith with the deal
Barona Hoiva : improving recruitment with communicational methods
Design yrityksen työkaluna = Design as a corporate weapon
Employer image among summer trainees 2010: Case Wärtsilä Finland Oy
The ownership quotient : putting the service profit chain to work for unbeatable competitive advantage
Graphis corporate identity 4 : an international compilation of corporate identity programs : eine internationale Auswahl von Identitätskonzepten : panorama international des concepts d'identité institutionelle
FloweRing : creating value through strategic design and branding
Building a world-class compliance program : best practices and strategies for success
Managing the corporate image
Internal brand research in Dressmann Oy
Employee Brand Advocacy : Case: The Marketing Agency Expression Ltd.
Shaping a superior corporate image : a conference report
Running a public relations department : Effective management techniques : Managing the budget : Internal and external relations
Internal brand clarification for Seppälä Oy
Building corporate brand identity through internal branding : case Bloom Consulting with Niscayah AB
Alternatives to lean production : work organization in the Swedish auto industry
Image processing : a management perspective
Strategic brand analysis of a small sized travel agent : case: Moon Travel
A corporate web site's role in strengthening the company's image as an employer
The primary objective of the thesis was to analyze how FeedbackDialog Oy could increase its market position in Finland from branding point of view. A focus on marketing communication as a tool to create brand equity was chosen. As a result, the research problem was settled: How to build brand equity though marketing communications in B2B market? In order to solve the formulated research problem, theory about brand equity and marketing communication in B2B market were used to back up the application. Brand equity resulted from the interaction of both brand awareness and brand image to bring the strong, favourable, and unique associations to customers. Marketing communications was the tool to deliver the desired message to customers through various modes in regard of brand equity creation and enhancement. The method selected to provide a valid and reliable answer was deductive. The empirical study was conducted in qualitative research by interviewing company managers and customers. The interviews were face-to-face in which the interviewees answered open-ended questions. Findings from the qualitative study revealed that FeedbackDialog Oy brand equity was relatively quite low in Finnish market. Marketing communications were immature while integrity should be developed as well as messages should be enriched. The conducted study analyzed the impact of marketing communications as a tool to create brand equity. Based on the research FeedbackDialog Oy should consider to strengthen information delivered in marketing communications and broaden marketing communication modes. This would improve the market position and benefit branding for FeedbackDialog.
Corporate visual identity : Case study: changing visual identity
Exploring the customer experience for 4DSwing golf coaching technology
Service design advantages, case service freedo.me : service mediating design fields freelancers and companies facing design challenges
Corporate media production
Continuity and change : corporate identity in a Scandinavian perspective
Defining corporate reputation in Latin America : Case-study : Venezuela
Product development and design practice
Reputation management : the key to successful public relations and corporate communication
Reputation strategy and analytics in a hyper-connected world
Company reputation and image analysis : case: Game Central
Reflecting corporate values through brand image and identity : case: Company X
A guide to business continuity planning
Video production with a DSLR camera : A Guide to Video Production for Smaller Companies
Marketing and image research : case study: Integrata Oy
The purpose of this thesis was identify the concepts of company image and employer image, is there any differences between them and how to take them as part of company's strategy. In addition, one goal was to find out whether companies in Finland find employer image important and which actions, if any, they take in order to enhance their employer image. The research material is based on literature as well as a survey which purpose was to take hold in more of the importance of the employer image. In the theory part of this thesis the company and employer image concepts are first explained, following with more detailed description of how these two concepts should be taken in to company's strategy and what action should company take in order to maintain them as a part of the company's management processes. The study carried out in autumn 2009. The questionnaire were formulated for the management personnel of different companies in Finland and it studied this target group's views of the importance of the employer image and what activities they prefer for enhancing their employer image in the eyes of their current employees as well as the desired employees. The results of the survey were compared to theory part's findings of employer image. The main findings of the survey were that the majority of the companies in Finland find the employer image very important and that they want to put effort on it also in the future in order to attract more suitable employees to their organization which also improves their organization's performance and profitability. In addition, one of the main findings of this thesis was that company and employer image concepts do have some differences as their aim is different even though the processes are fairly similar. There cannot be a good company image if the  employer image is poor and vice versa.
Fresh ideas in letterhead & business card design 2
Safeguarding intangible assets
Follow up corporate image research : Case: Dynaset Oy / Anni Karppinen
Corporate clothing & dress codes
Corporate image management : a marketing discipline for the 21st century
Direct mail graphics 2 : a collection of quality designs for marketing and promotional materials
Advertising by design : generating and designing creative ideas across media
Developing a brand for a small service company
Coffee House company image in the eyes of the customers
Creating strategic brand management manual : case: Tukikallio Oy
Strategic Design
Building brand equity through marketing communications in B2B market : case: FeedbackDialog Oy
Abstract: Visually recognisable lettering – Burned Serif typeface for the restaurant Soma. The subject of this Thesis is a creation of unique typefaces. The basics of letter formation and readability are covered in theory and how to follow those basics to get the best result. As a method, comparing the versions of the two most common typefaces provided a good background for the Thesis.  The customer's assignment was used as an example, which was to design a company profile to a restaurant/wine bar. The assignment was to design basic elements, such as the logo, web pages and a gift card plus something that the company would be recognized by. For this purpose it was required to create a unique, individual typeface for the company. A specific analysis accounts for the designed typeface with the goal of readability and maintaining a coherent line.  The requirement of readability is the same be it designing a typeface for print or web use. To this day basically grotesque typefaces have been used for the web, but the Author suggests that because of the always developing resolution of screens and pads, more antique typefaces will become more and more commonly used in the web world.
Communicating Corporate Social Responsibility : challenges and benefits as perceived by members of Finnish Business and Society
Brand identity and brand image of DIDRICHSEN museum
Corporate identity manuals : bringing sensitivity to the issue
Company and employer image
The art of identity : creating and managing a successful corporate identity
Visual merchandising : the business of merchandise presentation
Creating brand for CoreFinland Ltd
Brand identity of Liisa's Naturella
Brand enhancement based on understanding customers' experience : case company: Häfele Vina JSC
Designing B2B brands : lessons from Deloitte and 195,000 brand managers
Good industrial design is like money in the bank
The best in world trademarks : corporate and brand identity volume 2.
The best of business card design. 7
In the fiercely competitive corporate world, brands are obliged to search for sophisticated marketing strategies in order to outshine their competitors and rise above the rest. The implementation of architecture as a marketing tool in order to "build" a corporate image is a phenomena that in the twenty-first century has produced exceptional buildings designed by world-famous architects to elevate the status of prestigious firms through their association with iconic structures. Corporate Architecture offers an in-depth analysis of this growing trend, exploring not only the buildings themselves but also the history of each firm and its relation to evolving design concepts.
Creating logo families
Abstract in English.
Corporate design systems : identity through graphics. 2
Organizational identity and firm growth : properties of growth, contextuel identities and micro-level processes
Creating a brand identity for Promotion Point Oy
Internal corporate brand building in high technology environment : Study of service sector organisation
Microsoft core : a retail design plan
Improving marketing for a locksmith company : case: G4S Lukkoasema Oy
Fresh idea's in letterhead and business card design 3
Tourism student's appreciations, values and expectations of their dream job : case: Helsinki Expert
Corporate reputation review : an international journal
Effect of CEO succession on international brand image : case: Living it Loving it Ltd
A study of the factors that attract job seekers to professional service firms : implications for employer branding
Niche : why the market no longer favours the mainstream
Way to grow! : collaborative branding model for small design enterprises
One show interactive : judged to be advertising's best interactive and new media. Volume 1
Swines and sweaters : a semiotic analysis of the Benetton print campaign in 1992
The purpose of this thesis is to examine a corporate web site's role in strengthening the company's image as a potential employer. The goal is to find out how university students perceive the client company's web site and how this web site could be developed to help it correspond better to students' career aspirations. The client company's success in the market is closely linked to their human capital, which highlights the importance of attracting talented university graduates. The framework of the thesis consists of the different elements that affect an employer's image. It examines how the general corporate image affects a specific employer's image. After this, it looks at how recruitment communication and a corporate web site can be used to increase an organization's attractiveness to potential employees. As part of my thesis I conducted a Webropol survey for the third-year students of Aalto University School of Economics. The survey was conducted in May 2012. The first part of the survey examined the same factors than the employer image surveys conducted in 2011 and 2010 by Universum. However, the main focus in this case was on the client company's web site and how it reflects the desired employer image. The survey reveals that these students value the same things that they traditionally have valued, i.e. possibilities for training and development and a pleasant work environment. These students also consider a corporate web site as their preferred source of information, as was previously the case. However, the aspects that students consider the most important are not visible enough on the client company's web site. The company should focus on simplifying their employment content information and navigation so that students could find the relevant information more easily. One developmental suggestion was also to increase the transparency between the company and students.
Traces the journey of Indian companies in building corporate reputation (CR). This book addresses CR in the Indian context and is in response to the growing interest of companies in this area. It explains the process of building, maintaining and strategising for CR.
Corporate image : communicating visions and values
Designing positively evaluated logos
Managing the corporate brand : the effects of corporate marketing activity on consumer evaluations of brand extensions
The purpose of this thesis was to analyse the existing brand theory and models in order to develop a suitable branding strategy that would help to develop a brand for the case company. The objective was to understand how the company could apply this model in order to achieve its goals. The research question was how a small company can develop a strong brand which will help it to differentiate itself form the competitors, increase its brand recognition in the market and gain a competitive advantage.    The theoretical framework was based on the existing literature on branding process and brand building models. The brand bulding model developed for the case company was mostly based on the theory presented by Knapp, Aaker, Kunde and Gad and consists of three steps: analizing internal and external environment, developing a brand based on the image and personality of the company and communicating the brand to the consumers. Each step was then applied to the case company.    The research method was qualitative. The data was gathered through personal semi-structured interviews.    The results revealed that the chosen model was feaseable for the case company. The brand mission, vision, values and promise were established and further communication strategy was decided. The research also give the case company a better understanding of its existing consumers and their perception of the company.
Orientation guidebook for Poroholma camping
Creating Brand for CoreFinland Ltd
Abstract: The purpose of the study was to give a clear vision of the corporate image; mainly  what is it, how to manage it and how to study it. And more importantly make a follow  up corporate image research for Dynaset Oy. The reason for choosing the subject was  the need of Dynaset Oy for this information in the future to be able to modify the image  its interests groups have from the company, and to develop and revise it more  close to the goal image company has. Similar study has been made in 2008 – and after  6 years company is interested to know how the image has changed, as well as has is  changed to wanted direction as follow-up procedure.  The theoretical framework of the research was based on the corporate image researchstructure  created by Leena Chydenius as well as referred the RepMap™-reputation  research model created by Viestintätoimisto Pohjoisranta. First part of the research  explored the current stage of the corporate image of Dynaset Oy, second part compared  the changes happened since previous research and evaluated the effectiveness  of development programme created in 2008, third part created a goal corporate image  for Dynaset Oy and created a strategy for the company to be able to modify the current  corporate image to more similar as the goal corporate image of the company is.  The research used both quantitative and qualitative research methods, in more precise  publicity analysis, interviews and surveys to collect data. Research used same research  methods as research made in 2008, which enabled the comparison of the results  of current corporate image.  The follow up corporate image research made for Dynaset Oy was able to gather sufficient  amount of information and was able to conclude the current stage of company's  corporate image. Based on the results company's corporate image was seen positive  and valued among Dynaset's interest groups, the results revealed shortages on  company's operations and public image. Comparison between research results revealed,  that corporate image of Dynaset Oy had maintained fairly similar, development  programme created in 2008 was found effective. The goal corporate image defined  Dynaset-brand. New development programme was created to be able to modify  the current corporate image to goal corporation image created.  Dynaset Oy agreed to follow the development procedures in presented way, and also  to conduct a new corporate image research within 2-3 years to find out whether the  stage of corporate image has changed to more similar as created goal corporate image  or not.
How does employer branding increase employee retention?
Corporate reputation decoded : building, managing and strategising for corporate excellence
The best of business card design. 4
Graphis corporate identity 5
The significance of the employer image in the recruitement process : case: company X
What Unilver is
Ongoing crisis communication : planning, managing, and responding
The corporate image concept : a strategic approach
The 18 immutable laws of corporate reputation : creating, protecting, and repairing your most valuable asset
Brand research : case study: The Finnish Science Centre Heureka
Utilizing Social Media in Marketing and in Strengthening the Corporate Image
From Enron and WorldCom to the Catholic Church and Major League Baseball, reputation crises have never been more widespread. Now Ronald J. Alsop, a veteran Wall Street Journal authority on branding and reputation management, explains the dangers -- and gives organizations the eighteen crucial laws to follow in developing and protecting their reputations. Consider this example of a simple decision made by a low-ranking employee: When rescue workers at the site of the World Trade Center disaster sought bottled water from a nearby Starbucks outlet, they complained that an employee charged them for it. In a matter of hours, the Internet had picked up the story and Starbucks' carefully cultivated worldwide reputation was quickly besmirched. This is just one instance among many of how the business world, ever more global and competitive, has become increasingly difficult to navigate. Studies have demonstrated the powerful impact of reputation on profits and stock prices, and yet less than half of all companies have a formal system for measuring reputation. Clearly, companies in every industry -- from Dow Chemical to Disney to DaimlerChrystler -- have much more to learn. It is still the rare company that realizes the full value of its reputation: how corporate reputation can enhance business in good times, become a protective halo in turbulent times, and be destroyed in an instant by people at the lowest or highest levels of the corporate ladder. Mr. Alsop provides eighteen thoroughly documented lessons based on years of experience covering every aspect of corporate reputation, with a clear distillation of the complex principles at the heart of a reputation.
Design coordination and corporate image
This thesis aims to conduct a research on the current international brand image of a successful mid-size company. The research was to be done in relation to a potential resignation of the founder CEO and its possible effect on the brand image. The focus of the research is Living it Loving it Ltd, an event management and consultancy company based in the UK. With offices in Plymouth, UK, and Las-Vegas, USA, the case company has established itself as one of the leaders in the field. With the help of the CEO, Living it Loving it has acquired some high-profile clients and showed rapid expansion over the last two years. However, the possible effects of the CEO's retirement plans on the international brand image were unknown. The theoretical framework is based on a wide variety of literature on branding. The works and models of the most renowned contributors in the field have been referred to throughout the research, including Kapferer's brand identity prism (2008), Aaker's brand identity planning model (1996) and Keller's sources of brand knowledge (2003). The leadership succession framework is based on the 3-step planning process introduced by Goldsmith & Carter (2009). The case study research method was chosen to collect the necessary data. Top managers of some of the case company's largest clients were asked to fill in the survey in March 2013. The goal of the survey was to measure the current brand image among international clients, estimate the degree of the implications if the CEO decided to leave Living it Loving it. The results of the research showed that the current international brand image is very positive and aligned with the desired brand identity that the case company is trying to project. It was also revealed that the CEO has a significant impact on the brand image and his potential departure may result in loss of business. The researcher presented suggestions to help minimize the adverse effects of CEO succession.
Rebuilding the brand : how Harley-Davidson became king of the road
The handbook of design management
Corporate image : a different point of view : Case Toimex
Building corporate identity : case JC Finland Oy
Establishing a Multimedia Company in Kenya
Brandjack : how your reputation is at risk from brand pirates and what to do about it
The business image of the restaurant Figaro : as experienced by the finnish and foreign students of Jyväskylä Polytechnic
Public relations marketing : making a splash without much cash
Applied impression management : how image-making affects managerial decisions
Rethinking reputation : how PR trumps marketing and advertising in the new media world
The corporate personality : an inquiry into the nature of corporate identity
