http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11116 being of foreign origin
being of foreign origin
Rethinking the other in antiquity
Peoples on parade : exhibitions, empire, and anthropology in nineteenth century Britain
Exotic spaces in German modernism
Understanding unequal outcomes : studies on gender, social status and foreignness
In May 1853, Charles Dickens paid a visit to the 'savages at Hyde Park Corner,' an exhibition of thirteen imported Zulus performing cultural rites ranging from songs and dances to a 'witch-hunt' and marriage ceremony. This title provides the overview of these human exhibitions in nineteenth-century Britain.
The Arrival
"We Are the Originals" : a study of value in Fiji
Anthropology and alterity : responding to the other
Somewhere between "self" and "other" : colonialism in Icelandic historical research
The Exile : an outlander graphic novel
The question of why the cooperation of Jews with the Persian and Ptolemaic empires achieved some success and why it failed with regard to the Seleucids and the Romans, even turning into military hostility against them, has not been sufficiently answered. The present volume intends to show, from the perspectives of Hebrew Bible, Judaic, and Ancient History Studies, that the contrasting Jewish attitudes towards foreign powers were not only dependent on specific political circumstances. They were also interrelated with the emergence of multiple early Jewish identities, which all found a basis in the Torah, the prophets, or the psalms.
Palestinian art / Gannit Ankori
Trouble with strangers : a study of ethics
Portia is bright beyond her years, which means it difficult to make friends in her new school, and her single mother is preoccupied, so when Portia sneaks into the woods after midnight and discovers a shy and sweet purple monster, she is delighted by her new friend--but Jellaby has secrets of his own.
At the crossroads of Finnishness and foreignness : Finnish participation in the Venice Biennale in 1954 and 1956 / Laura Boxberg
Unrooted childhoods : memoirs of growing up global
Making difference, seeking sameness : negotiating Finnishness and foreignness in an exhibition
Realism and otherness in the science fiction film District 9
Red veil white gown : Finnish-Chinese culture exchange project / [text, photography and graphic design: Xiao Hiong Kong]
Abstract: Greedy murderers of Christ : images of the Jews in the Late Medieval pilgrimage accounts.
Producing and consuming foreignness : "anthropological-zoological exhibitions" in Copenhagen
Nordic perspectives on encountering foreignness / edited by Anne Folke Henningsen, Leila Koivunen and Taina Syrjämaa
The gravedigger's daughter
The company of strangers : a natural history of economic life
This volume questions the recent revival of neo-nationalist policies in the light of what unconscious fantasies are involved in these developments. It examines both recent movements of right-wing extremism and the way in which rearticulated neo-ethnic ideas have been adopted by main stream politicians and in main stream public discourse. Politicians from other than the right-wing populist parties have tended to resist. To address the current political developments, the volume stresses the urgency of understanding the fantasies and affects which underpin them.
Alterity and identity in Israel : the "ger" in the Old Testament
Greedy murderers of Christ : images of the Jews in the Late Medieval pilgrim accounts
"Despite domestic constitutional provisions and international treaty promises, Japan has no law against racial discrimination. Consequently, businesses around Japan display 'Japanese Only' signs, denying entry to all 'foreigners' on sight. Employers and landlords routinely refuse jobs and apartments to foreign applicants. Japanese police racially profile 'foreign-looking' bystanders for invasive questioning on the street. Legislators, administrators, and pundits portray foreigners as a national security threat and call for their segregation and expulsion. Nevertheless, Japan's government and media claim there is no discrimination by race in Japan, therefore no laws are necessary. How does Japan resolve the cognitive dissonance of racial discrimination being unconstitutional yet not illegal? Embedded Racism carefully untangles Japanese society's complex narrative on race by analyzing two mutually-supportive levels of national identity maintenance. Starting with case studies of hundreds of individual 'Japanese Only' businesses, it carefully analyzes the construction of Japanese identity through legal structures, statute enforcement, public policy, and media messages. It reveals how the concept of a 'Japanese' has been racialized to the point where one must look 'Japanese' to be treated as one. The product of a quarter-century of research and fieldwork by a scholar living in Japan as a naturalized Japanese citizen, Embedded Racism offers an unprecedented perspective on Japan's deeply-entrenched, poorly-understood, and strenuously-unacknowledged discrimination as it affects people by physical appearance"--Provided by publisher.
Phenomenology of the alien : basic concepts
Strangers at our door
Shame and the captives
Asylum-Seeking, Migration and Church addresses one of the most pressing issues confronting contemporary society. How are we to engage with migrants? Drawing on studies of church engagement with asylum seekers in the UK and critical immigration and refugee issues in North America, Snyder presents an extended theological reflection on both the issue of asylum-seeking and the fears of established populations surrounding immigration.This book outlines ways in which churches are currently supporting asylum seekers, encouraging closer engagement with people seen as 'other' and more thoughtful responses to newcomers. Creatively exploring biblical and theological traditions surrounding the 'stranger', Snyder argues that as well as practising a vision of inclusive community churches would do well to engage with established population fears. Trends in global migration and the dynamics of fear and hostility surrounding immigration are critically and creatively explored throughout the book. Inviting more complex, nuanced responses to asylum seekers and immigrants, this book offers invaluable insights to those interested in Christian ethics, practical theology, social work, mission and faith and social action, as well as those working in the field of migration.
"We are the originals" : a study of value in Fiji
Europe and Asia beyond East and West
Between cooperation and hostility : multiple identities in ancient Judaism and the interaction with foreign powers
Of hospitality : Anne Dufourmantelle invites Jacques Derrida to respond
Cosmopolitanism : ethics in a world of strangers / Kwame Anthony Appiah
Jellaby : the lost moster
Asylum-seeking, migration and church
Exemplary foreignness : foreign material cultures in the service of Finnish taste and industry in the 1870s / Leila Koivunen
Norway, Sweden, and Denmark are home to more than 90,000 transnational adoptees of Scandinavian parents raised in a predominantly white environment. This ethnography provides a unique perspective on how these transracial adoptees conceptualize and construct their sense of identity along the intersection of ethnicity, family, and national lines.
Strangers, Gods, and monsters : ideas of otherness
Multiculturalism, postcoloniality, and transnational media
Dispossession : the performative in the political : conversations with Athena Athanasiou
Images of elsewhere : a study of alienation in the picturebooks of Shaun Tan
Thinking dead : what the zombie apocalypse means
Strange encounters : embodied others in post-coloniality
The stranger in medieval society
Nordic perspectives on encountering foreignness
Demonizing the other : antisemitism, racism and xenophobia
The comfort of strangers : social life and literary form
Producing and consuming foreignness : "anthropological-zoological exhibitions" in Copenhagen / Anne Folke Henningsen
Greedy murderers of Christ : images of the Jews in the Late Medieval pilgrimage accounts
The community of those who have nothing in common
Us and them? : the dangerous politics of immigration control
Constructing transnational and transracial identity : adoption and belonging in Sweden, Norway, and Denmark
Space and languages : measuring differences
Ballad research : the stranger in ballad narrative and other topics : proceedings of the Fifteenth International Conference of the Kommission für Volksdichtung of the Sociéte Internationale d'Ethnologie et de Folklore, Dublin and co. Clare, Ireland, 26 August - 1 September 1985
Nationalism and the body politic : psychoanalysis and the rise of ethnocentrism and xenophobia
Antisemitism, misogyny, & the logic of cultural difference: Cesare Lombroso & Matilde Serao
The "foreignness" of the foreign woman in Proverbs 1-9 : a study of the origin and development of a Biblical motif
Much discussed and debated among European philosophers, the philosophy of the alien and alien experience has been largely unavailable to English-language readers. Elegantly translated by Alexander Kozin and Tanja Stähler, Phenomenology of the Alien (Grundmotive einer Phänomenologie des Fremden) by Bernhard Waldenfels, the founder of phenomenological xenology, introduces essential concepts and questions that have defined the study of the alien. Waldenfels's patient and rigorous approach delineates the structure of the alien experience and asks how the alien can be analyzed and described without eliminating its alien character. Waldenfels shows the experience of the alien to be a multifaceted and multidimensional phenomenon that permeates our everyday experiences of the lifeworld with immediate implications for the ways we conduct our social, political, and ethical affairs. With impressive erudition Waldenfels weaves in various xenological themes from classical philosophy, contemporary phenomenology, literature, linguistics, sociology, and anthropology to address the boundaries of experience that unite and separate human beings, their collectives, their perceptions, and their aspirations. Phenomenology of the Alien brings readers to the forefront of phenomenological thought, outlining its major directions and offering-rich insights for-future-inquiry. Bernhard Waldenfels is a professor emeritus at the Ruhr-Universität in Bochum, where he leads a working group on phenomenology. He is the author of twenty-six books, including Order in the Twilight (1996), available in English.
Strangers and poor people : changing patterns of inclusion and exclusion in Europe and the Mediterranean World from classical antiquity to the present day
Exiles, outcasts, strangers : icons of marginalization in post World War II narrative
Shakespeare and outsiders
The foreigner and the law : perspectives from the Hebrew Bible and the ancient Near East : [biblical law session of the SBL international meeting 2009 in Rome]
Making difference, seeking sameness : negotiating Finnishness and foreignness in an exhibition / Taina Syrjämaa
At the crossroads of finnishness and foreignness : Finnish participation in the Venice biennale in 1954 and 1956
The stranger you know : Icelandic perceptions of Danes in the twentieth century
Insiders and outsiders in Russian cinema
Dispossession describes the condition of those who have lost land, citizenship, property, and a broader belonging to the world. This thought-provoking book seeks to elaborate our understanding of dispossession outside of the conventional logic of possession, a hallmark of capitalism, liberalism, and humanism. Can dispossession simultaneously characterize political responses and opposition to the disenfranchisement associated with unjust dispossession of land, economic and political power, and basic conditions for living? In the context of neoliberal expropriation of labor and livelihood, dispossession opens up a performative condition of being both affected by injustice and prompted to act. From the uprisings in the Middle East and North Africa to the anti-neoliberal gatherings at Puerta del Sol, Syntagma and Zucchotti Park, an alternative political and affective economy of bodies in public is being formed. Bodies on the street are precarious - exposed to police force, they are also standing for, and opposing, their dispossession. These bodies insist upon their collective standing, organize themselves without and against hierarchy, and refuse to become disposable: they demand regard. This book interrogates the agonistic and open-ended corporeality and conviviality of the crowd as it assembles in cities to protest political and economic dispossession through a performative dispossession of the sovereign subject and its propriety.
Istae contra omnium religiones : characterizing northern barbarian religiosity in the Graeco-Roman literary tradition from Hellenism to the Later Empire
Refugees from the violence of wars and the brutality of famished lives have knocked on other people's doors since the beginning of time. For the people behind the doors, these uninvited guests were always strangers, and strangers tend to generate fear and anxiety precisely because they are unknown. Today we find ourselves confronted with an extreme form of this historical dynamic, as our TV screens and newspapers are filled with accounts of a 'migration crisis', ostensibly overwhelming Europe and portending the collapse of our way of life. This anxious debate has given rise to a veritable 'moral panic' - a feeling of fear spreading among a large number of people that some evil threatens the well-being of society.
Crossing borders in a divided society : the representation of the "other" in Cyprus
The globalization of strangeness
Exiles, diasporas & strangers / edited by Kobena Mercer
Experience of being a stranger : Visual project Ä & ы : dialogues
Romanticism and the question of the stranger
Exemplary foreignness : foreign material cultures in the service of Finnish taste and industry in the 1870s
Lost in time : locating the stranger in German modernity
Embedded racism : Japan's visible minorities and racial discrimination
Reflecting the burgeoning academic interest in issues of nation, race, gender, sexuality, and other axes of identity, Multiculturalism, Postcoloniality, and Transnational Media brings all of these concerns under the same umbrella, contending that these issues must be discussed in relation to each other. Communities, societies, nations, and even entire continents, the book suggests, exist not autonomously but rather in a densely woven web of connectedness. To explore this complexity, the editors have forged links between usually compartmentalized fields (especially media studies, literary theory, visual culture, and critical anthropology) and areas of inquiry-particularly postcolonial and diasporic studies and a diverse set of ethnic and area studies. This book, which links all these issues in suggestive ways, provides an indispensable guide for students and scholars in a wide variety of disciplines. Essays in this groundbreaking volume include Julianne Burton-Carvajal on ethnic identity in Lone Star; Manthia Diawara on diasporic documentary; Hamid Naficy on independent transnational film genres; Robyn Wiegman on whiteness studies; Faye Ginsburg on indigenous media; and Jennifer Gonzßles on race in cyberspace; Ana M. Lopez on modernity and Latin American cinema; and Inderpal Grewal and Caren Kaplan on Warrior Marks and multiculturalism and globalization.
Foreign or homegrown? : The creation of coastal leisure culture in the south of Norway
Meeting the foreign in the Middle Ages
This book traces Shakespeare's portrayal of outsiders in some of his most famous plays. Some of Shakespeare's most memorable characters are treated as outsiders in at least part of their plays--Othello, Shylock, Malvolio, Katherine (the 'Shrew') , Edmund, Caliban, and many others
The most dangerous words / Peter Gärdenfors
The human question in science fiction television : (re)imagining humanity in Battlestar Galactica, Bionic Woman and V
Others
Prevalent among classicists today is the notion that Greeks, Romans, and Jews enhanced their own self-perception by contrasting themselves with the so-called Other - Egyptians, Phoenicians, Ethiopians, Gauls, and other foreigners. This book demonstrates how the ancients found connections rather than contrasts.
June J. Hwang's provocative Lost in Time explores discourses of timelessness in the works of central figures of German modernity such as Walter Benjamin, Georg Simmel, Siegfried Kracauer, and Helmuth Plessner, as well as those of Alfred Doblin, Joseph Roth, and Hugo Bettauer. Hwang argues that in the Weimar Republic the move toward a historicisation is itself a historical phenomenon, one that can be understood by exploring the intersections of discourses about urban modernity, the stranger, and German Jewish identity. These intersections shed light on conceptions of German Jewish identity that rely on a negation of the specific and temporal as a way to legitimise a historical outsider position, creating a dynamic position that simultaneously challenges and acknowledges the limitations of an outsider's agency. She reads these texts as attempts to transcend the particular, attempts that paradoxically reveal the entanglement of the particular and the universal.
