http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1118 trainers (education)
trainers (education)
Instructor competencies : standards for face-to-face, online, and blended settings
Adult education teachers : designing critical literacy practices
Recommendations for the training of instructions and on-the-job trainers
Advanced training for trainers in Europe. Volume 1, Curriculum description
Becoming a teacher educator : theory and practice for teacher educators
Training for trainers: further and complementary development for training professionals : the experience of the Eurotecnet programme
The human resource development handbook
Since the 1960s, Martin Luther King, Jr., has personified black leadership with his use of direct action protests against white authority. A century ago, in the era of Jim Crow, Booker T. Washington pursued a different strategy to lift his people. In this compelling biography, Norrell reveals how conditions in the segregated South led Washington to call for a less contentious path to freedom and equality. He urged black people to acquire economic independence and to develop the moral character that would ultimately gain them full citizenship. Although widely accepted as the most realistic way to integrate blacks into American life during his time, Washington's strategy has been disparaged since the 1960s.The first full-length biography of Booker T. in a generation, "Up from History" recreates the broad contexts in which Washington worked: He struggled against white bigots who hated his economic ambitions for blacks, African-American intellectuals like W.E.B. Du Bois who resented his huge influence, and such inconstant allies as Theodore Roosevelt. Norrell details the positive power of Washington's vision, one that invoked hope and optimism to overcome past exploitation and present discrimination. Indeed, his ideas have since inspired peoples across the Third World that there are many ways to struggle for equality and justice. "Up from History" reinstates this extraordinary historical figure to the pantheon of black leaders, illuminating not only his mission and achievement but also, poignantly, the man himself.
Teacher professionalism in further and higher education : challenges to culture and practice
Demystifying outcomes assessment for international educators : a practical approach
NOLS risk management for outdoor leaders : a practical guide for managing risk throught leadership
NOLS wilderness educator notebook
Sales training basics
Adult and continuing education : major themes in education. Vol. 4, Teaching, learning and research
Perspectives on the age of the information society
Understanding learners in open and distance education
Everything you ever needed to know about training : a one-stop shop for everyone interested in training, learning and development
The paradoxes of action learning : an interpretive and critical inquiry into vocational educators' professional development
Tsuda Umeko and women's education in Japan
Adventure education : an introduction
Adventures of a bystander
The complete film production handbook
Trainer and training
Psychology for trainers
Empowering the nursing profession through mentorship. Handbook 3, guidance for mentors
Self-development in business coach training : case study: Certified Progress Coach®
The handbook for organizational change : strategy and skill for trainers and developers
Virtual worlds, real libraries : librarians and educators in Second Life and other multi-user virtual environments
Interpreting in the community and workplace : a practical teaching guide
Powerful techniques for teaching adults
Blackfish
'Why do all the women disappear?' : gendering processes in a political science department
The NOLS leadership educator notebook : a toolbox for leadership educators
Enacting a pedagogy of teacher education : values, relationships and practices
Summary: Creating an educational and training culture at the Finnish Defence Forces.
Crash and learn : 600+ road-tested tips to keep audiences fired up and engaged!
Educators' handbook : a research perspective
National pathways and European dimensions of trainers' professional development
The adult learner : the definitive classic in adult education and human resource development
2009 NOLS leadership educator notebook : a toolbox for leadership educators
Educating the educators in tourim : a manual of tourism and hospitality education
Developing skills for efficient communication with people from different cultural backgrounds : basic trainer competencies
The accidental systems librarian
How to run seminars & workshops: presentation skills for consultants, trainers and teachers
The professional teacher educator : roles, behaviour, and professional development of teacher educators
Malcolm Shepherd Knowles : a history of his thought
Synthesis and nullification : works 1991-2011
Teacher educators as integrators of research and practice
TTnet dossier. 1, Trends in the development of training and the role of innovation as transferable practice
Empowering the nursing profession through mentorship. Handbook 2, guidance for programme teacher
What smart trainers know : the secrets of success from the world's foremost experts
Teacher educators amid conflicting demands : tensions between individual and organizational development
Facilitating empowerment : a handbook for facilitators, trainers and individuals
Customer service intelligence : perspectives for human resources and training
Conceptions of mathematics teacher education : thoughts among teacher educators in Tanzania
The search
The simulator instructor's handbook
Hammers over the anvil
Teaching and training in post-compulsory education
Learning to teach adults : an introduction
Recommendations for the employment, selection and training of training officers
Up from history : the life of Booker T. Washington
This book is about how facilitators interact with participants during large, complex workshops. It is not about agenda design but rather about the behaviors that lead to engagement, insight and energy. It is intended for experienced facilitators rather than beginners.
Competence framework for VET professions : handbook for practitioners
NOLS environmental education notebook
How to get a PhD : a handbook for students and their supervisors
From the front of the room : notes on facilitation for experienced practitioners
Open and distance learning and the professionalisation of trainers
