http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11128 textile finishing
textile finishing
Understanding wood finishing : how to select and apply the right finish
Understanding textiles
Trichoderma reesei strains for production of cellulases for the textile industry
Papermaking science and technology. : Book 10. Papermaking : part 3, finishing
Silk dyeing and finishing handbook
Form, fit, and fashion : all the details fashion designers need to know but can never find
Handbook of fiber science and technology : chemical processing of fibers and fabrics. Vol. 2, Fundamental finishes : part B
Handbook of dairy foods and nutrition
Conservation and care of glass objects
Getting the most from your wood-buying bucks
Encyclopedia of fashion details
Fabric for the designed interior
Encyclopedia of textile finishing
Eigteenth-century furniture
Apparel production management and the technical package
Taunton's complete illustrated guide to finishing
Wool : science and technology
Handbook of detergents. Part E : applications
Plasma technologies for textiles
Handbook of fiber science and technology. Chemical processing of fibers and fabrics 2A. Functional finishes
Themes and seams in textiles
Material world : innovative structures and finishes for interiors
Modern textiles
Fabric reference
Textile finishing
Handbook of manufacturing processes : how products, components and materials are made
Fine machine sewing : easy ways to get the look of hand finishing and embellishing
Surface : textures, finishes and materials for stylish interiors
Print and production finishes for sustainable design
Handbook of nonwovens
Wörterbuch der Textilveredelung : Deutsch/Englisch = Dictionary of textile finishing : English/German
Effect of Mechanical and Physical Properties on Fabric Hand
Practical design : solutions and strategies
The science of dyeing & finishing : an interactive guide to the basics of dyeing and finishing
Handbook of fiber finish technology
Carr and Latham's technology of clothing manufacture
The Thames and Hudson Manual of silversmithing
Ullmann's fibers. Volume 1, Fiber classes, production and characterization
Finishing touches for the handweaver
1001 tips for woodworkers
Textiles in perspective
Papermaking science and technology. Book 6, Chemical pulping. Part 1, Fibre chemistry and technology
Interweave's Compendium of Finishing Techniques
Manufacturing processes for design professionals
Textile fabrics and their selection
Nano materials in architecture, interior architecture and design
Print & finish : v. the process of producing printed material : v. complete the manufacture or decoration of printed material
Mastering materials, bindings, & finishes : the art of creative production
