http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11106 sewerage
sewerage
The city of steel, the age of silence : problems of water and inaction in communist Hungary 1945-1990
Facts on water supply and sanitation in Sweden
Second seminar on wastewater treatment in urban areas : 6-8 September 1987, Visby, Sweden
Creditor reporting system : aid activities in support of water supply and sanitation 2001-2006
Guidelines for surface and drainage water quality monitoring in agriculture dominated areas
Definitions and concepts of dry sanitation
Building services handbook
Traffic & highway engineering
Environmental history of water : global views on community water supply and sanitation
Sewer processes : microbial and chemical process engineering of sewer networks
Driveways, paths and patios : a complete guide to design, management and construction
Assessment of the role of the private sector in the development and management of water supply in selected ESCWA memeber countries
Promoting eco-dry toilet use in rural area of Kunming municipality
Field guide to environmental engineering for development workers : water, sanitation, and indoor air
Constructing landscape : materials, techniques, structural components
Urbanization : its global trends, economics and governance
Basic environmental technology : water supply, waste management, and pollution control
Bahir Dar SAWE Development Project (2009 – 2012) : A Terminal Evaluation of the Project Outcomes and Reflections on Lessons Learned
Water, sanitation and health : the development of the environmental services in four South African cities, 1840-1920
VA-teknisk ordlista : Sv-E-F-D-Da-Fi = Glossary of water supply and sewerage : Sv-E-F-D-Da-Fi
Water distribution systems : CIBSE commissioning code W
Municipal wastewater management in developing countries : principles and engineering
Frontiers in urban water management : deadlock or hope
Applicability of small bore gravity sewers in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia
Chemical water and wastewater treatment IX : proceedings of the 12th Gothenberg symposium 2007, 20.-23. May 2007, Ljubljana, Slovenia
Mott's illustrated catalog of Victorian plumbing fixtures for bathrooms and kitchens
Rural water supply and sanitation project in the Lumbini zone, Nepal : evaluation mission
Evac Marine is the world leader in vacuum sewage systems
Wastewater engineering : treatment, disposal, and reuse
Comparative analysis of Finnish and Russian regulating documents on water supply and drainage of residential buildings
Regional water supply and sanitation project in Beni Suef Governorate : final draft : project document December, 1992.
Lahti as an urban laboratory for sustainable environment
Abstract.
Water for life : making it happen
Dirt : new geographies of cleanliness and contamination
Impacts of climate change on rainfall extremes and urban drainage systems
Cities of the future : towards integrated sustainable water and landscape management : proceedings of an international workshop held July 12-14, 2006 in Wingspread Conference Center (Racine, WI)
Regulating water and sanitation for the poor : economic regulation for public and private partnerships
Prestudy : a water and sewage treatment management development project in Apatity
Wastewater treatment : case study of Långö sewer solution
Cleaning a thousand waste-waters : water pollution in Finland, 1945-1970
Urban environmental health and hygiene in Sub-Saharan Africa
The challenge of public works management : a comparative study of North America, Japan and Europe
Climate change, water supply and sanitation : risk assessment, management, mitigation, and reduction
Health aspects of plumbing
Water, time and European cities : history matters for the futures
Sewers - Rehabilitation and new construction : repair and renovation
Handbook of civil engineering calculations
Urban drainage : a multilingual glossary
The last taboo : opening the door on the global sanitation crisis
Practical manual of land development
Asian water  development outlook 2007 : achieving water security for Asia
The archaeology of sanitation in Roman Italy : toilets, sewers, and water systems
Regional water supply and sanitation project, Beni Suef Governorate, Egypt : review and appraisal
Evolution of sanitation and wastewater technologies through the centuries
Tezisy dokladov : rossijsko-finskij seminar "Vodosnabženie i kanalizaciâ: tehničeskie i èkonomičeskie aspekty" = Abstracts : Russian-Finnish joint seminar Technical and Economical Aspects of Water Supply and Sewerage
HVAC planning of a townhouse : HVAC plans made abroad for another member of the family business
Outsoursing opportunities for wastewater service in Moscow region
"The Romans developed sophisticated methods for managing hygiene, including aqueducts for moving water from one place to another, sewers for removing used water from baths and runoff from walkways and roads, and public and private latrines. Through the archeological record, graffiti, sanitation-related paintings, and literature, Ann Olga Koloski-Ostrow explores this little-known world of bathrooms and sewers, offering unique insights into Roman sanitation, engineering, urban planning and development, hygiene, and public health. Focusing on the cities of Pompeii, Herculaneum, Ostia, and Rome, Koloski-Ostrow's work challenges common perceptions of Romans' social customs, beliefs about health, tolerance for filth in their cities, and attitudes toward privacy. In charting the complex history of sanitary customs from the late republic to the early empire, Koloski-Ostrow reveals the origins of waste removal technologies and their implications for urban health, past and present"--Provided by publisher.
Solid waste management in the world's cities : water and sanitation in the world's cities 2010
This thesis examines and presents planning of HVAC systems for a new townhouse. It  is a description of what I made and why I made it this way. First I planned a radon removal which is set mandatory by law in Finland. Then I planned sewer systems. As well as radon removal, some parts of sewer systems are under the ground so they needed to be planned first. The construction was already in the progress when I finished my last drawings.  After these I planned the ventilation, water supply and heating. My target was to make all systems reasonable in the price in relation to the use costs without forgetting the resale value. Other important factors when planning the systems were energy efficiency, user-friendly result and to reach the smartest way to build them.  The building is a town house. Two of its sides are connected to houses next to it.  However all the building services are unique. This has an effect on some things in the planning compared to a traditional family house. Townhouse is a new and uncommon way of building in Finland.  My brother is building the house of the project and my father has been an entrepreneur in the construction industry for more than 25 years. Before this project he has always ordered all the HVAC plans from an external author. My brother is a recently graduated carpenter. I'm doing the HVAC plans first time outside my summer job place or school.  This project is an interesting new formulation of our family company. This project is made abroad without visiting the construction side or meeting any stakeholders face to face. Key words: heating, ventilation, water supply, radon removal, sewer systems.
Seminar on wastewater treatment in urban areas : 7-9 September 1986, Visby, Sweden
Thematic report on HELCOM PITF regional workshops held in Poland : status of the Polish [JCP] hot spots
Financial management of water supply and sanitation : a handbook
Strategy and performance of water supply and sanitation providers : effects of two decades of neo-liberalism
Strategic planning of sustainable urban water management
Home sanitation : a manual for housekeepers
A sanitation development project in rural Zambia : management, recommendations and instructions
Smart finance solutions : examples of innovative financial mechanisms for water and sanitation
Tracing and making the state : policy practices and domestic water supply in the Mekong Delta, Vietnam
Application and use of GIS in small sanitation projects in developing countries
Finland's support to water supply and sanitation 1968-2000 : evaluation of sector performance
Technological Design of Sewage Disposal in Small Town of China using SBR Method
"This extensively revised and updated second edition presents major revisions of several chapters, reflecting the theoretical and practical knowledge that has been gained since the publication of the previous edition a decade ago. In addition, it supplies new chapters on advanced modeling of sewer processes and gas phase control. It also includes greatly expanded coverage of odor formation and prediction, as well as of concrete corrosion caused by hydrogen sulfide. The book is written for graduate students, researchers, and industry professionals"--
Water! : evolution of water supply and sanitation in Finland from the mid-1800s to 2000
