http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11176 SPSS
SPSS
Doing quantitative research in education with SPSS
Practical statistics : a quick and easy guide to IBM SPSS Statistics, STATA, and other statistical software
Data analysis with SPSS : a first course in applied statistics
SPSS for windows made simple : release 10
SPSS tables 8.0
This handbook is designed to teach beginners how to use SPSS for Windows. It explains the basics, including the input of data data manipulation, descriptive analyses and inferential techniques, reliability analysis and factor analysis.
Doing data analysis with SPSS version14
A step-by-step guide to SPSS for sport and exercise studies
Statistics using SPSS : an integrative approach
Discovering statistics using SPSS for Windows : advanced techniques for the beginner
SPSS for research methods : a basic guide
A simple guide to IBM SPSS statistics : for version 22.0
An SPSS companion to political anlysis
Ready, set, go! : a student guide to SPSS® 13.0 and 14.0 for Windows®
SPSS 13.0 advanced statistical procedures companion
Doing statistics with SPSS
A simple guide to IBM SPSS statistics for version 20.0
SPSS 11.5 : syntax reference guide. Vol. 2.
A guide to doing statistics in second language research using SPSS and R
Adventures in social research : data analysis using SPSS for Windows 95/98
SPSS for Windows made simple
Introduction to SPSS in psychology : with supplements for releases 10, 11, 12, and 13
SPSS for introductory statistics : use and interpretation
This is a textbook for introductory courses in quantitative research methods across the social sciences. It offers a detailed explanation of introductory statistical techniques and presents an overview of the contexts in which they should be applied.
'Statistical Methods for Practice and Research' helps beginners to effectively solve statistical problems using SPSS (13.0). Written in a reader-friendly, non-technical style, the book is illustrated by simple, practical problems and useful screen shots and diagrams.
Introduction to structural equation modeling using IBM SPSS Statistics and EQS
SPSS/PC+ Advanced Statistics 4.0 : for the IBM PC/XT/AT and PS/2
How to use SPSS®: a step-by-step guidet to analysis and interpretation
SPSS for Macintosh made simple
SPSS base 11.5 : user's guide
Introduction to statistics with SPSS : a guide to the processing, analysing and reporting of (research) data
SPSS 16.0 advanced statistical procedures companion
Marketing research with SPSS : International student version
SPSS : analysis without anguish : version 10.0 for Windows
A visual approach to SPSS for Windows : a guide to SPSS 17.0
SPSS : SPSS exact tests 7.0 for Windows
Surveys with the confidence : a practical guide to survey research using SPSS
A guide to doing statistics in second language research using SPSS
This book provides readers with step-by-step guidance on running a wide variety of statistical analyses in SPSS, Stata, & other programmes. David Kremelberg begins his user-friendly text by covering charts & graphs through regression, time-series analysis, & factor analysis.
Study of HTML, PHP and MySQL and how they can be implemented on a web site
How to use SPSS syntax : an overview of common commands
This handy guide can be used in conjunction with any introductory or intermediate statistics book where the focus is on in-depth presentation of how graphs are used.
SPSS 12.0 : command syntax reference. Volume 1, A-L
Approaching multivariate analysis : an introduction for psychology
Statistical methods for organizational research : theory and practice
The purpose of this book is to provide instruction and guidance on preparing quantitative data sets prior to answering a study's research questions. Preparation may involve data management and manipulation tasks, data organization, structural changes to data files, or conducting preliminary analysis such as examining the scale of a variable, the validity of assumptions or the nature and extent of missing data. The results from these essential first steps can also help guide a researcher in selecting the most appropriate statistical tests for his/her study.
SPSS for dummies
Statistical methods for organizational research
SPSS : SPSS advanced statistics 7.5
This valuable book shows second language researchers how to use the statistical program SPSS to conduct statistical tests frequently done in SLA research. Using data sets from real SLA studies, A Guide to Doing Statistics in Second Language Research Using SPSS shows newcomers to both statistics and SPSS how to generate descriptive statistics, how to choose a statistical test, and how to conduct and interpret a variety of basic statistical tests. The author covers the statistical tests that are most commonly used in second language research, including chi-square, t-tests, correlation, multiple regression, ANOVA and non-parametric analogs to these tests. The text is abundantly illustrated with graphs and tables depicting actual data sets, and exercises throughout the book help readers understand concepts (such as the difference between independent and dependent variables) and work out statistical analyses. Answers to all exercises are provided on the book's companion website, along with sample data sets and other supplementary material.
SPSS survival manual : a step by step guide to data analysis using IBM SPSS
Marketing research with SPSS
SPSS 13.0 statistical procedures companion
Adventures in criminal justice research : data analysis using SPSS 15.0 and 16.0 for Windows
'Adventures in Criminal Justice Research' teaches students how to analyse issues and use the computer program SPSS for criminal justice research. The book explains with step by step instructions and over 150 screen shots.
Handbook of univariate and multivariate data analysis and interpretation with SPSS
SPSS : SPSS base 7.5 applications guide
Early success in statistics
Building SPSS graphs to understand data
An introduction to secondary data analysis with IBM SPSS statistics
SPSS : SPSS base 7.5 for Windows : user's guide
SPSS base 9.0 syntax reference guide
Qualitative data analysis with SPSS 12 and 13 : a guide for social scientists
A visual approach to SPSS for Windows : a guide to SPSS 17.0 / Leonard Stern
'Applied Statistics with SPSS' includes a self-study guide for learning how to use SPSS; a reference guide for selecting the appropriate statistical technique; and a do-it-yourself guide for analysing data and interpreting the results.
An introductory guide to SPSS for Windows
SPSS 12.0 : command syntax reference. Volume 2, M-X
'An Introductory Guide to SPSS for Windows' develops SPSS skills through the use of sample programs that illustrate how to conduct the analyses typically found in an introductory statistics course.
SPSS version 18.0 for Windows : analysis without anguish
SPSS syntax is the command language used by SPSS to carry out all of its commands and functions. In this book, Jacqueline Collier introduces the use of syntax to those who have not used it before, or who are taking their first steps in using syntax.
Applied statistics with SPSS
SPSS base 11.0 : user's guide
A simple guide to SPSS for Windows : for versions 8.0, 9.0, 10.0, and 11.0
SPSS for psychologists
Interpreting quantitative data with SPSS
Data analysis using SPSS for Windows versions 8 to 10 : a beginner's guide
SPSS base 8.0 : user's guide
SPSS 16.0 : statistical procedures companion
SPSS data entry builder[sup TM] 3.0 : user's guide
Written in an easy-to-read manner, this book introduces readers to intermediate and advanced SPSS skills. These skills are introduced and illustrated with sample programs designed to apply powerful techniques in data handling and analysis, with the output of these programs presented and interpreted.
SPSS : a minimalist approach
SPSS for Windows step by step : a simple guide and reference 16.0 update
A Simple Guide to IBM SPSS For Version 20.0
SPSS 11.5 : syntax reference guide. Vol. 1.
SPSS Base 15.0 user's guide
SPSS essentials : managing and analyzing social sciences data
An SPSS companion to political analysis
SPSS interactive graphics 8.0
SPSS for Windows step by step : a simple guide and reference : 17.0 update
PASW statistics by SPSS : a practical guide : version 18.0
SPSS from A to Z : a brief step-by-step manual for psychology, sociology and criminal justice
Doing data analysis with SPSS version 16
SPSS advanced statistics user's guide
Using SPSS for Windows : data analysis and graphics
Essential first steps to data analysis : scenario-based examples using SPSS
Statistical analysis quick reference guidebook : with SPSS examples
Using IBM® SPSS® statistics for research methods and social science statistics
SPSS base 7.0 applications guide
Statistical methods for practice and research : a guide to data analysis using SPSS
SPSS : analysis without anguish : versions 7.0, 7.5, 8.0 for Windows
An intermediate guide to SPSS programming : using syntax for data management
Performing data analysis using IBM SPSS®
SPSS 6.1 guide to data analysis
The SPSS guide to data analysis for Release 4
SPSS : SPSS professional statistics 7.5
Quantitative data analysis with SPSS 14, 15 and 16 : a guide for social scientists
Using SPSS for Windows and Macintosh : analyzing and understanding data
SPSS Statistics 17.0 guide to data analysis
SPSS 14.0 statistical procedures companion
SPSS-X advanced statistics guide
SPSS for Windows step-by-step : a simple guide and reference : 15.0 update
Introductory statistics for health and nursing using SPSS
Adventures in social research : data analysis using SPSS 11.0/11.5 for Windows
An easyguide to research design & SPSS
Learning to use the SPSS batch system
Statistics without maths for psychology
Basic marketing research : applications to contemporary issues
Sarah Boslaugh introduces the major tasks of data management & presents solutions using SPSS syntax. All basic features of SPSS syntax are illustrated, as are advanced topics such as using vectors & loops, reading complex data files, & using the SPSS macro language.
Marketing research : an applied orientation : study guide and technology manual
Introduction to structural equation modelling using SPSS and AMOS
Introduction to SPSS statistics in psychology : for version 19 and earlier
The SPSS guide to data analysis for SPSSx with additional instructions for SPSS/PC+
Quantitative Data Analysis with SPSS Release 10 for Windows : a guide for social scientists
'Introductory Statistics for Health & Nursing using SPSS' is an impressive introductory statistics text ideal for all health science & nursing students. Health & nursing students can be anxious & lacking in confidence when it comes to handling statistics. This book has been developed with this readership in mind.
Providing relevant statistical concepts in a comprehendible style, this text is accessibly designed to assist researchers in applying the proper statistical procedure to their data and reporting results in a professional manner consistent with commonly accepted practice.
SPSS base 8.0 syntax reference guide
The SPSS guide to The new statistical analysis of data by T. W. Anderson and Jeremy D. Finn
This authoritative introduction is essential for education students and researchers needing to use quantitative methods for the first time. Using datasets from real-life educational research and avoiding the use of mathematical formulae, the author guides students through the essential techniques that they will need to know.
Doing data analysis with SPSS 10.0
SPSS for windows workbook to accompany Tabachnick and Fidell Using multivariate statistics, fourth edition
Introduction to SPSS Statistics in Psychology, 5th edition offers comprehensive and engaging coverage of how to carry out statistical analyses using SPSS Statistics. Fully updated to include an even wider range of statistical methods and to incorporate the latest version of SPSS Statistics, this text offers clear, step by step instruction and advice to students on using SPSS Statistics to analyse psychological data. For each statistical test, the text discusses * What the test is used for * When you should and shouldn't use it * Data requirements and any problems in usage * Step by step direction on how to carry out the test, using colour screenshots and labelled guidance on each part of the process * How to interpret and report the output * At a glance' summary of steps taken to do each test Suitable for students to use alongside lectures or independently when needing to grips with SPSS Statistics. This book is supported by a companion website featuring a range of resources to help students in their studies. Self-test questions, additional datasets plus handy quick guides to carrying out tests can all be found at www.pearsoned.co.uk/howitt "SPSS is the most widely used statistical analysis software suite in the social and behavioural sciences. It is used extensively in undergraduate psychology courses throughout the UK and USA. However psychology students find it notoriously difficult and often impossible to learn and use. Howitt and Cramers' SPSS Statistics in Psychology is an indispensible guide to the software, specially tailored for psychology students at all levels. The new edition is greatly enhanced by a several new features, including chapters on the analysis of moderator variables, statistical power, meta analysis, and the use of SPSS syntax. It is superbly presented and illustrated with excellent step by step procedures and guides to the interpretation of results which even introductory level students will be able to follow. The supporting datasets and worked examples also provide an excellent resource for students and teachers. It has easily maintained its lead in a competitive field, and together with its companion textbooks, Introduction to Statistics (Fifth Edition) and Introduction to Research Methods (Third Edition), it has everything that apprentice and experienced researchers in psychology need."
Data analysis for the behavioral sciences using SPSS
Using SPSS syntax : a beginner's guide
Quantitative data analysis in education : a critical introduction using SPSS
R for SAS and SPSS users
Illustrated with screenshots, cases and exercises and accompanied by a companion website containing datasets that can be easily uploaded onto SPSS and AMOS, this title keeps maths to a minimum and contains an appendix covering basic forms of statistical analysis.
Next steps with SPSS
A toolkit for quantitative data analysis using SPSS
