http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1117 teachers
teachers
Educators' views on parents' participation on three different identified levels
Professional ethics and the teacher : towards a general teaching council
How do teachers benefit from training on social interaction skills? : developing and utilising an instrument for the evaluation of teachers' social and emotional learning
Praise for The Teaching Portfolio. "This new edition of a classic text has added invaluable, immediately useful material. It's a must-read for faculty, department chairs, and academic administrators."Irene W.D. Hecht, director, Department Leadership Programs, American Council on Education. "This book offers a wealth of wisdom and materials. It contains essential knowledge, salient advice, and an immediately useful model for faculty engaged in promotion or tenure."Raymond L. Calabrese, professor of educational administration, The Ohio State University. "The Teaching.
Humor in the classroom
Handbook of research and policy in art education
Teachers, teaching and control in physical education
Teacher's definition and attitudes towards inclusive education : a case study from Lanzhou, China
"In the latest Library Lover's Mystery from the New York Times bestselling author of A Likely Story, a decades-overdue book puts library director Lindsey Norris hot on the trail of a cold case. When the Briar Creek Public Library holds its first overdue book amnesty day no fines for late returns the volume of incoming materials is more than Lindsey and her staff can handle. In a bind, Lindsey drafts the crafternoon ladies to help check in and sort the stacks of books. But one tardy tome catches her attention a copy of J. D. Salinger's The Catcher in the Rye, twenty years past due. When Lindsey looks up the borrower, she's shocked to discover it was a murdered schoolteacher named Candice Whitley, whose killer was never found. Candice checked out the novel on the day she was murdered. Now Lindsey wonders if it could provide a clue to the decades-old cold case. No one noticed who brought the book back in, but could it be Candice's killer? Lindsey is determined to catch the culprit one way or another, because justice for Candice Whitley is long overdue.."--
Distributed leadership and teacher’ self-efficacy : the case studies of three Chinese schools in Shanghai
The role of student counselling in school leadership : case study in Finnish and Russian schools
The school teacher in England and the United States : the findings of empirical research
Teacher self-efficacy beliefs and aims of pre-service English teachers
Feminism, gender and universities : politics, passion and pedagogies
Meditations : an odd symposium
The art of teaching music
Dahl was the second Demonstrator in Botany (1786-1789) at Åbo Akademi. He died soon after arriving to Åbo (Turku), and his career here is poorly known. The main duty of demonstrators were to instruct medical students on the subject of medicinal plants. Dahl sent to Åbo a considerable herbarium prior to his arrival. It included 6000 specimens, of which about 1000 had once belonged to Herbarium Linnaeanum, but donated to Claes Alströmer, Dahls employer at Alingsås, Christinedahl, Västra Götaland in Sweden. That herbarium, like all collections at Åbo, were almost completely burn in 1827 in the Great Fire of Åbo. The number of exsisting specimens in Herbarium Dahlianum at University of Helsinki, Botanical Museum is 215. It includes specimens once owned by e.g. Pehr Kalm, Carl von Linné the Elder and Younger, Peter Simon Pallas, Carl Peter Thunberg and Martin Vahl.
Two ways to justify teachers' practical knowing
Field of education and gender distinquishes polytechnic teachers' pedagogical thinking
Within educational research that seeks to understand the quality and effectiveness of teachers and school, the role emotions play in educational change and school improvement has become a subject of increasing importance. In this book, scholars from around the world explore the connections between teaching, teacher education, teacher emotions, educational change and school leadership. (For this text, "teacher" encompasses pre-service teachers, in-service teachers and headteachers, or principals). New Understandings of Teacher's Work: Emotions and Educational Change is divided into four themes: educational change; teachers and teaching; teacher education; and emotions in leadership. The chapters address the key basic and substantive issues relative to the central emotional themes of the following: teachers' lives and careers in teaching; the role emotions play in teachers' work; lives and leadership roles in the context of educational reform; the working conditions; the context-specific dynamics of reform work; school/teacher cultures; individual biographies that affect teachers' emotional well-being; and the implications for the management and leadership of educational change, and for development, of teacher education.
Vocational teacher education in support of research and development skills among polytechnic teachers
When teachers face themselves
Beginning teaching in professional partnership
Teachers : constructing the future
Teachersʼ  conceptions of  teaching and learning  in the context of  a school library project : a follow-up study  in the City of Oulu, Finland
Better late than never
Victim without a face
Emotional labour and burnout among public middle school teachers in South Korea
Using assessments to improve teaching and learning in upper secondary school
Ishmael : an adventure of the mind and spirit : a novel
E-learning activities are likely to grow significantly and the area has potential to generate more possibilities for both teachers and students especially in higher education. It creates alternative ways to partake, tutor and utilize new learning environment. In this paper we present our on-going work on exploring current usage and attitudes towards using eLearning technologies in teaching. The aim was to investigate advantages, challenges and needs for support among teachers in higher education. In our case, focus was to concentrate on distance learning more than e-learning in general.  The results show that the perceived advantages of distance learning were dominated by independence concerning of time, place, flexibility and individual options. Distance learning was seen flexible and enhancing of students' freedom of their own studies. More surprisingly distance learning was perceived more activating than traditional learning increasing presence, participation and both communal and individual learning. In addition the results revealed that there is emerging need for building deeper understanding of challenges faced by teachers utilizing distance learning. It is important to take into account that continuous and relevant training, peer support for educators are key factors in order to increase usage of eLearning methods. It requires also more straightforward tools and services to support learning gains and enhance usage of distance learning in higher education.
Johannes Gustavus Justander (1764-1833) - Demonstrator in Botany at old Åbo Akademi
Levels of autonomy and responsiblities of teachers in Europe
Scire, sentire, facere : towards intertwining theory and practice in vocational  teachers' and teacher educators' expertise
eLearning and organizational learning in vocational educational institutions
Learning objects in education : making videos as an international co-operation
Coping with faculty stress
Small town teacher
Representing the epistemic nature of teachers' practical knowledge : the case of class teachers' general pedagogy
The reflective roles of the classroom teacher
Goodbye, Mr Chips
Towards competence-based practices in vocational education : what will  the process require from teacher education and teacher identities?
The passionate teacher : a practical guide
Low-educated second language and literacy acquisition : proceedings of the 8th symposium
Personal traits and success in teaching
"First year teacher" eight years later : an inquiry into teacher development
An exploration of principals' and teachers' perception of teacher leadership in Finland : the case of four upper secondary schools in Jyväskylä
Beginning teaching
Learning and teaching oral communication in English in vocational school : learners' and teachers' views
The International Handbook of Research on Teachers and Teaching" provides a fresh look at the ever changing nature of the teaching profession throughout the world. This collection of over 70 original articles addresses a wide range of issues that are relevant for understanding the present educational climate in which the accountability of teachers and the standardized testing of students have become dominant. The international collection of authors brings to the handbook a breadth of knowledge and experience about the teaching profession, and a wealth of material across a number of comparative dimensions, such as between developed and developing countries, and Eastern and Western cultures. In addition, many articles address the emerging challenges to education and to the lives of teachers which are brought about by the globalization trends of the 21st Century. The handbook is divided into two volumes, and focuses on the following general topic areas: Theory and Research on Teachers; Becoming a Teacher; Characteristics of Teachers; Teacher Behaviors; Teacher Life Cycles; Theories of Teaching and Learning Teaching in Classrooms; Teaching Specific Student Populations; The Teaching of Individual Subjects; Great Debates about Teachers; and, Teaching. The handbook is written for students and researchers in the fields of education, the social sciences and the behavioral sciences. In addition, it is a valuable resource for policy-makers who want knowledge and insights based on the latest research findings. Many author recommendations are relevant for the development of educational reform policies in both developed and developing societies.
On becoming a teacher
Teacher self-evaluation tool kit
Schoolteacher : a sociological study
Language choice in EFL teaching : student teachers' perceptions
Teachers' career and promotion patterns : a sociological analysis
Justander was in order the third Demonstrator in Botany (1789-1794) at Åbo Akademi. The main duty of demonstrators were to instruct medical students on the subject of medicinal plants. Justanders personal history is not well known. He defended to both Carl Niclas Hellenius and Pehr Adrian Gadd one theses, and supervised one himself, in order to obtain a docentship at Åbo Akademi. In that one new species, Festuca obliqua, and its four varietes are described as new. These validly published names have completely been overlooked. All material was probably lost at the Great Fire of Åbo in 1827.
Dare to hold
Seasonal psychophysiological stress of teachers related to age and aerobic fitness
Know thyself. Theoretical and philosophical considerations about the meaning of self-concept in educational settings
Teacher's dead
Students with specific language impairment in English education : English and special education teachers' perceptions
Teacher self-evaluation : teachers in their own mirror
I as a teacher : student teacher's journey to professionalism by means of reflection
"Teachers teach so well that it's nice to learn" : a case-study on the role of teacher-to-student feedback in attitude-formation on L2 elementary English lessons
Voices for tomorrow : Sixth International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
Pedagogical leadership to support new teachers' growth
Teacher's attitudes towards inclusion and the inclusion of students with emotional and behavioural disorders
Leadership roles of teacher trainees in the Gambia primary school : a case study of two primary schools
Handbook of research on teacher education in the digital age
Teachers' perspective on gratitude within classroom environment
Gateway to engineering english : opettajan opas
Different student-strategies for interactional power in the IRF pattern in an EFL classroom
The future makers : professional teachers promoting pedagogical change
Teachers’ Motivation to Participate in Online Communities – Case: Massidea.org
An introduction to teacher appraisal : a professional development approach
Practicing and future English teachers' opinions about different language skills in teaching
Being a teacher in England : teacher development in the biographies of three English primary school teachers
Workplace romances on the example of partner selection among teacher-couples : student teachers' perceptions
Being a teacher : a positive approach to change and stress
School, culture and well-being : ArctiChildren research and development findings from northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and north-west Russia
Cognition of Korean-English secondary school teachers about intercultural dimension in EFL teaching
Wirzén was the last Demonstrator in Botany (1839-1852) at Alexander University, elsinki, Finland. His main duty was to instruct medical students on the subject of medicinal plants. He gave also lectures on officinal plants and plant taxonomy, and private lessons on plant physiology. He supervised six theses. In his own dissertation were given several erroneous records concerning vascular plants distributions in Finland. However, it was the first attemp to define the borders of biogeographical Finland. In 1833-1835 he studied Russian flora at Kazan University, on the Volga River. Based on field excursions there, he supervised a thesis In geographica plantarum per partem provinciae Casanensis distributione illustranda periculum. Two species new to science were described, viz. Echinospermum casanense and Stellaria mollis, and seven new varieties. Corresponding specimens have not been found in the Finnish Museum of Natural History, Botanical Museum (H). Wirzen's new names have been completely overlooked by Russian and other taxonomists. Wirzén was considered to be a relatively weak botanist, but as a doctor of medicine he fared better..
Widening perspectives of teacher education : studies on theory-practice relationship, reflection, research and professional development
The limit
This paper highlights findings of a survey conducted with the Kativik School Board, Canada, to gain insight into the perceptions of Inuit teachers concerning how Inuit culture is taught in the classroom. While findings indicate that teachers are integrating Inuit culture to varying degrees, roughly half of respondents suggest that not enough Inuit culture is being taught. Responses additionally suggest that attempts to articulate culture in schools should consider teachers' access to cultural knowledge, the creation of effective learning spaces, and the inclusion of community Elders.
Love-based practice in education
Research on preparing inservice teachers to work effectively with emergent bilinguals
Between 1990 and 2010, the English language learner (ELL) population in U.S. schools grew by 80 percent. While the highest concentration of English language learners, now more commonly referred to as emergent bilinguals (EBLs) remains in the traditional immigrant destination states of California, Texas, New York, Florida, Illinois, and New Jersey, in all 50 states there are growing numbers of emergent bilinguals. Interest in these learners has encouraged research and publications, but most of this research has centered on the students themselves and the politics surrounding their education. Publications featuring the research of teacher educators preparing teachers to work with EBLs in schools are much needed. Teacher educators must know how to help inservice teachers provide effective instruction to the increasing number of linguistically diverse students in the schools.
"In short: all people are different" : teachers' and teacher students' views and conceptions of cultural diversity
Matthias Kalm (1793-1833) - Demonstrator in Botany at old Åbo Akademi
Individual and collective reflection : how to meet the needs of development in teaching
Social contagion of autonomous motivation among professional educators : as a resource of leadership in schools
Love-based leadership in early childhood education
Vocational teacher education in Finland : towards broad-based teaching
A teacher at work : professional development and the early childhood educator
Physical education and the physical educator
Enchanted
Development and facilitation of innovative pedagogy in the Nordic–Russian context : Project report
The appraisal interview : an approach to training for teachers and school management
The teacher career cycle : understanding and guiding the professional development of teachers
Teachers' perceptions of student engagement and teacher self-efficacy beliefs
The teacher today : tasks, conditions, policies
The teaching portfolio : a practical guide to improved performance and promotion / tenure decisions
Rutström, Carol Birger (1758-1826) - Demonstrator in Botany at old Åbo Akademi
Practical teacher appraisal
Developing professional knowledge and competence
The value and implementation of health education in Finland
Kiss of darkness
Growing minds : on becoming a teacher
"I could give up many things but not that" : teachers' and pupils' experiences of using the European Language Portfolio in assessment
Born to be a teacher? : a narrative of becoming an art educator-artist-researcher
MOOC for Nordic education for teachers in the field of basic skills for adults : a feasibility studie
Teacher policies in a new context
Simply perfect
Application of job characteristics theory and job enrichment to professionals : a theoretical analysis
“Friday is my research day” : chance, time and desire in the search for the teaching-research nexus in the life of a university teacher
Educational reforms in South Africa : the role of the teachers in the implementation of educational reforms in post apartheid South Africa 1994-2008
Teaching : theory into practice
In this second edition of the book that has become a classic in the field, award winning author Stephen D. Brookfield offers inspiration and down to earth advice to new and seasoned teachers. "The Skillful Teacher" is a comprehensive guide that shows how to thrive on the unpredictability and diversity of classroom life and includes insights developed from the hundreds of workshops conducted by the author. This new edition also reflects the many changes that have come about in the decade since the book was first published and includes new chapters that deal with emerging topics such as classroom diversity and teaching in online learning environments.
Russian education system in transition towards democracy - future teachers' perspective
Doing better? : children's and their parents' and teachers' perceptions of the malleability of the child's academic competences
Managing staff development in schools : an action research approach
Improving Valkeakoski Unit Teachers Professional Development Opportunities Within HAMK : Case: Häme University of Applied Sciences, Valkeakoski Unit
Teachers' professional development : Europe in international comparison : an analysis of teachers' professional development based on the OECD's Teaching and Learning International Survey (TALIS)
Those who can, teach
The winter boy
Teacher education : keeping up with the Finns?
Professional knowledge and professional practice
Finnish upper secondary school EFL teachers' satisfaction with current textbooks
Beginning in retrospect : writing and reading a teacher's life
The woods. vol. 1 : the arrow
- Experience Matters - : teachers' perceptions of multicultural education and their competence to teach children from different cultural backgrounds
An autobiographical narrative about my teaching experiences and priorities: Visualizing Bangladeshi and Finnish experiences
Simply love
Miss Fox
The woman upstairs : a novel
Can teachers teach children how to be moral? / Satu Uusiautti and Kaarina Määttä
Traditional classrooms are fast becoming a minority in the education field. As technologies continue to develop as a pervasive aspect of modern society, educators must be trained to meet the demands and opportunities afforded by this technology-rich landscape. The Handbook of Research on Teacher Education in the Digital Ag e focuses on the needs of teachers as they redesign their curricula and lessons to incorporate new technological tools. Including theoretical frameworks, empirical research, and best practices, this book serves as a guide for researchers, educators, and faculty and professional developers of distance learning tools.
Eight myths of student disengagement : creating classrooms of deep learning
Investigating teacher leadership in ECE centres in Finland
Interpreting in the community and workplace : a practical teaching guide
New understandings of teacher's work : emotions and educational change
Teacher evaluation : educative alternatives
Reflections on creating an international virtual benchmarking model for authentic e-learning : crossing boundaries and breaking down barriers
Teachers and technology : understanding the teacher's perspective of technology
Teachers' life-cycle from initial teacher education to experienced professional : ATEE 2011 annual conference proceedings
Twenty-two years after becoming a teacher
"The integration of popular culture into education is a pervasive theme at all educational levels and in all subject areas. Popular Culture, Pedagogy and Teacher Education explores how 'popular culture' and 'education' come together and interact in research and practice from an interdisciplinary perspective. The international case studies in this edited volume address issues related to: - how popular culture 'teaches' our students and what they learn from it outside the classroom - how popular culture connects education to students' lives - how teachers 'use' popular culture in educational settings - how far teachers should shape what students learn from engagement with popular culture in school - how teacher educators can help teachers integrate popular culture into their teaching Providing vivid accounts of students, teachers and teacher educators, and drawing out the pedagogical implications of their work, this book will appeal to teachers and teacher educators who are searching for practical answers to the questions that the integration of popular culture into education poses for their work"--
The teacher evaluation handbook : step-by-step techniques and forms for improving instruction
Teachers' conceptions and their approaches to teaching in virtual reality and simulation-based learning environments
Deeds not words : the lives of suffragette teachers
Narrative research : voices of teachers and philosophers
Johan Ernst Adhemar Wirzén - the last demonstrator in botany at Alexander University
This book provides a wide-ranging and in-depth theoretical perspective on dialogue in teaching. It explores the philosophy of dialogism as a social theory of language and explains its importance in teaching and learning. Departing from the more traditional teacher-led mode of teacher-student communication, the dialogic approach is more egalitarian and focuses on the discourse exchange between the parties. Authors explore connections between dialogic pedagogy and sociocultural learning theory, and argue that dialogic interaction between teacher and learners is vital if instruction is to lead to cognitive development. The book also presents prosody as a critical resource for understanding between teachers and students, and includes some of the first empirical studies of speech prosody in classroom discourse.
A place for teacher renewal : challenging the intellect, creating educational reform
Construction of teacher identity in higher education
The practitioner's power of choice in staff-development and in-service training
Power and teacherhood : student teachers's perceptions of teachers' power and authority
Teachers' views on multilingualism : how does the presence of multiple languages in primary school English classrooms appear and to what effect? : "Mä olen suomenkielinen ... olen kaikki kieleni ihan opetellut."
Reflective learning in blended process : becoming an adult educator
The university teacher and his world : a sociological and educational study
Popular culture, pedagogy and teacher education : international perspectives
"Natural, unmodified, meaningful, motivating and real" : authentic learning materials and authentic learning defined by fl teachers and teacher students
The summer isles
The skillful teacher : on technique, trust, and responsiveness in the classroom
The teacher
Dialogic pedagogy : the importance of dialogue in teaching and learning
Teachers and teaching
The changing role of the teacher : education in the University of Applied Sciences
Oral competence in upper secondary school teaching : teachers and students' views
One's own teacher and the choice of the teaching profession
Nutrition health project using an ICT-based learning environment : participatory action research in Eastern Finland
Lars Johan Laurentius Johannes Prytz, Demonstator in Botany at Imperial Åbo Academy
Towards professional growth by teachers : peer mentoring program
Individual and collective reflection : how to meet the needs of development in learning organisation
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
Adult education as vocation : a critical role for the adult educator
Charting Teachers' Perspective on Utilizing Distance Learning in Higher Education
The emotions of foreign language teachers in relation to students
"You can't get an A by just being positive" : factors behind English teachers' student assessment practices in Finland
Sink or swim : a study of novice English teachers in working life and their job satisfaction
Teachers of English in Finnish upper secondary general school and their job satisfaction
The mermaid's purse
Anders Dahl (1751-1789) - Demonstrator in Botany at old Åbo Akademi
Liberating the learner : lessons for professional development in education
Teacher self-evaluation
International virtual teamwork offers new opportunities for the professional development of teachers. In this paper, we examine the initial experiences in an ongoing international virtual benchmarking project coordinated by the Finnish Online University of Applied Sciences. What challenges does an international context present for project construction and collaboration? Data from five countries, in the form of participant reflections and researchers' observations, were analysed according to four types of barriers: language, time, technical and mental barriers. Initial data indicates that trust is an essential starting point, as there is neither time nor possibilities to build mutual trust by traditional means. Organisational confidentiality issues, however, can complicate the situation. The project introduces 'collision' as a method of professional development, in which not only physical and organisational borders are crossed, but also mental barriers, as skills and competencies needed in global learning environments are acquired.
Shakespeare saved my life : ten years in solitary with The Bard
Teacher educators amid conflicting demands : tensions between individual and organizational development
Handbook of leadership and administration for special education
Stress in schools
Creating positive environment through interaction in Finnish EFL and CLIL classrooms
Teachers' emotions related to students : a critical review
Tasks that suit the learning of L2 English vocabulary in the Finnish middle school : teachers' and students' perspectives
The role of the principal's instructional leadership at schools in Indonesia
Multiple benefits but almost as many obstacles : teachers and students' perceptions of the integration English and vocational studies in University of Applied Sciences
Johan Fredrik Wallenius - Demonstrator in Botany at old Åbo Akademi
Engaging in mathematics in the classroom : symbols and experiences
Good job! - giving positive feedback in EFL lessons : comparison of primary and secondary school
Ed school follies : the miseducation of America's teachers
Cooperative jigsaw method in virtual environment: a case from Finnish vocational teacher  education
L2 writing and L2 written feedback in upper secondary schools as experienced by teachers
Teachers' health in moisture-damaged schools : a follow-up study
Teachers' work : individuals, colleagues, and contexts
This is not a ball game: A personal narrative on teaching ideologies
Abstract.
Contemporary research on teacher effectiveness
Teaching under pressure : looking at primary teachers' stress
Changing teachers, changing times : teachers' work and culture in the postmodern age
Placement of young elementary school teachers : the first seven in-service years of a sample of young Finnish teachers
Teachers in inclusive classrooms in China : their views on systemic challenges and opportunities
Teachers, ideology and control : a study in urban education
English teachers' experiences of writing tasks
Preface to teaching
Japanese in-service teachers' attitudes towards inclusive education and self-efficacy for inclusive practices
Congratulations miss Malarkey!
Current state of research on mathematical beliefs XVIII : proceedings of the MAVI-18 Conference, September 12-15, 2012
Economics of education
Teacher professional development : a multiple perspective approach
Teachers who lead : the rhetoric of reform and the realities of practice
Teacher stress : personality, work-load and health
Changes in teacher profession in Finland during the war years 1939-1945
Implementing education for sustainable development in Namibia : a case of three senior secondary schools
The role of parents' and teachers' child-related competence beliefs in the development of students' self-concept of ability
Lars Johan Prytz was the Demonstrator in Botany (1813-1820) at the Imperial Academy of Åbo, Russia (Finland today). His main duty was to instruct medical students on the subject of medicinal plants. In his own thesis De Styrace supervised by Professor Carl Peter Thunberg presented known species of Styrax. Prytz supervised 15 doctoral theses, of which eleven have botanical content and three provided important historical information of Åbo Akademi Botanical Gardens. He aimed to complete a brief Flora Fennica, but it was never finished. In six published parts 277 species in 123 genera are characterized. Later one unpublished manuscript was edited by Hj. Hjelt. Consequently, the total number of species presented is 314 in 136 genera. Monocotyledons and ferns were not included. All in all, Prytz announced ca. 15 new plants to Finland..
Managing professional teachers : middle management in primary and secondary schools
Creating a collaborative ESL classroom through teacher leadership : a case study in Guizhou Province, China
International handbook of research on teachers and teaching
The substitute teacher as indicator
How much culture is enough? : Inuit teachers' perceptions on the state of Inuit culture in Nunavik classrooms
Rutström was in order the fourth Demonstrator in Botany (1794-1798) at Åbo Akademi. His main duty was to instruct medical students on the subject of medicinal plants. In 1794 he supervised a thesis on Swedish cryptogams. It presents 20 species, including descriptions of one new fungal species, Peziza ucreolata (later homonym to P. ucreolata Vahl) and three lichens. Peziza urceolata Rutstr. is considered to be Lasiobelonium corticale (Pers.) Raitv. The new lichens were Lichen anceps, L. demissus and L. cumatilis¸ today Bacidia rosella (Pers.) De Not.var. anceps (Rutstr.) Ach., Psora demissa (Rutstr.) Stein. and Lobaria amplissima (Scop.) Forssell, respectively. In 1798 he moved back to Sweden.
The novice language teacher's guide to survival : dialogue between the new and the experienced language teacher
Kalm was in order the fifth Demonstrator in Botany (1800-1805) at Åbo Akademi. His main duty was to instruct medical students on the subject of medicinal plants. Kalm supervised one thesis, which introduces some past and current botanists. Kalm was focused on medicine
Focus on reading activities : teachers' perspectives
Careers in teaching
Learning teaching, teaching teaching... : a study of partnership in teacher education
The "Handbook of Research and Policy in Art Education" marks a milestone in the field of art education. Sponsored by the National Art Education Association and assembled by an internationally known group of art educators, this 36-chapter handbook provides an overview of the remarkable progress that has characterized this field in recent decades. Organized into six sections, it profiles and integrates the following elements of this rapidly emerging field: history, policy, learning, curriculum and instruction, assessment, and competing perspectives. Because the scholarly foundations of art education are relatively new and loosely coupled, this handbook provides researchers, students, and policymakers (both inside and outside the field) an invaluable snapshot of its current boundaries and rapidly growing content. In a nutshell, it provides much needed definition and intellectual respectability to a field that as recently as 1960 was more firmly rooted in the world of arts and crafts than in scholarly research.
Two gruesome murders have shocked the Swedish town of Helsingborg. The first victim, a thug who liked using his fists, died with his hands sawn off. His sidekick, a fan of steel-capped boots, was crushed to death feet-first. Both men were bullies in the same class at school. Is someone serving justice after thirty years? The killer leaves no trace behind. But for lead investigator Fabian Risk, the lack of forensic evidence is not the only problem. He too was a student in that class--which makes him both a potential victim and a potential suspect... Full of unremitting suspense and unexpected twists, Stefan Ahnhem's Victim Without a Face is a sensational thriller from a superb debut storyteller. -
The framework of teacherhood in art education
The core of nursing as seen by the nurse teachers in Finland, Norway and Sweden
Global Education From a Teachers' Perspective
Foreign experiences of student teachers in dynamic identity construction  promoting multicultural education
CLIL teachers as materials designers
Developing competent teachers : approaches to professional competence in teacher education
Mingling in Paedeia Café : student teachers' experiences of participating in peer-mentoring groups of pre-service and in-service teachers
How to train good teachers in Finnish universities? : student teachers' study process and teacher educators' role in it / Satu Uusiautti and Kaarina Määttä
Why in-service teachers left their employment and pursued master's studies at a Finnish university
Ten questions for mathematics teachers : ... and how PISA can help answer them
Early childhood teacher or leader? : early childhood directors' perceptions of their identity
Wallenius was the Demonstrator in Botany (1800-1805) at Åbo Akademi. His main duty was to instruct medical students on the subject of medicinal plants. In his own thesis supervised by Professor Carl Niclas Hellenius was introduced surrogate food to compensate grain due to the repeated years of crop failures in 18th century. That theme was repeated by him also in some publications. He supervised six theses with botanical content, of which two provided important historical information of Åbo Akademi Botanical Gardens. In thesis of genus Ammi one species is described as new to science, Ammi boerberi Höckert. This neglected name is synonymous to A. majus L. Höckert was third one in Finland who described a new species to science.
Pimp your lesson! : prepare, innovate, motivate, perfect
Perception of Flipped Classrooms by the Teachers of TAMK
Cross-cultural analysis of teacher confirmation, student motivation, classroom emotion and emotional interest in China, Korea and Japan
Job satisfaction among secondary school teachers in Tanzania : the case of Njombe district
OECD/CERI: teacher quality in Finland : policy and practice in five primary schools : summary of case studies
Real men or real teachers? : contradictions in the lives of men elementary school teachers
Teacher appraisal : a practical guide for schools
The role of information and communication technologies (ICTs) within an educational bilingual programme in Finland : a case study under CLIL approach perception
The International Journal of Education for Diversities
