http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11175 national character
national character
Cities of affluence and anger : a literary geography of modern Englishness
Integrating local, regional, and national perspectives, this volume employs multiple historical and social frameworks to analyse the division of Germany and the development of the Iron Curtain during the Cold War. Schaefer explains how and why the border evolved and how it impacted regional and national culture, identity, and sense of community.
Tocqueville on American character : why Tocqueville's brilliant exploration of the American spirit is as vital and important today as it was nearly two hundred years ago
Culture shock! Jakarta : a survival guide to customs and etiquette
The Russian mind
Culture shock! : Chile
Why Switzerland?
Britain through American eyes
Culture shock! : Jakarta
Culture Shock! : a survival guide to customs and etiquette : Paris
Imagology : the cultural construction and literary representation of national characters : a critical survey
Culture shock! : a survival guide to customes and etiquette: Egypt
The English : a portrait of a people
Far from the evils of mankind : mental landscapes and national identity in Marja-Liisa Vartio's short story A Finnish landscape
Relocating England
Habits of the heart : individualism and commitment in American life
The xenophobe's guide to the English
The sorrows of the ancient Romans : the gladiator and the monster
Music as a recorder of mentalities
La bella figura : a field guide to the Italian mind
England : 1,000 things you need to know
Informalization : manners and emotions since 1890
American cultural patterns : a cross-cultural perspective
New Zealand : a survival guide to customs and etiquette
National myth and imperial fantasy : representations of Britishness on the early eighteenth-century stage
Victorian political thought on France and the French
An introduction to Japanese society
Democracy in America : and two essays on America
Abraham Lincoln and the forge of national memory
Watching the English : the hidden rules of English behavior
Decency and disorder : the age of cant, 1789-1837
England and the English
Modernity, the media and the military : the creation of national mythologies on the Western Front 1914-1918
South Africa : a survival guide to customs and etiquette
Safeguarding German-American relations in the new century : understanding and accepting mutual differences
Bonds of empire : West Indians and Britishness from Victoria to decolonization
Surface and depth : the quest for legibility in American culture
Red bread
Beyond Japanese social values : trend and cross-national perspectives
Understanding America : the anatomy of an exceptional nation
The culture of defeat : on national trauma, mourning, and recovery
The anatomy of dependence
And keep your powder dry : an anthropologist looks at America
Defining John Bull : political caricature and national identity in late Georgian England
National character in action : intelligence factors in foreign relations
The Xenophobe's guide to the Russians
The cultural "other" in nineteenth-century travel narratives : how the United States and Latin America described each other
American sexual character : sex, gender, and national identity in the Kinsey reports
Signs of nations : studies in the political semiotics of self and other in contemporary European nationalism
Costa Rica : a survival guide to customs and etiquette
The English
Chinese characteristics
Culture shock! : Cuba : a survival guide to customs and etiquette
Victoriaʹs Ireland? : Irishness and Britishness, 1837-1901
What does design expose? : a comparative study of Finnish modern furniture and Chinese Ming-style furniture
My People
East Asian national identities : commonalities and differences
The English : a field guide
This essential introduction to American Studies examines the core foundational myths which the nation is based upon and which still determine discussions of US-American identities today. These myths include the myth of discovery, the Pocahontas myth, the myth of the Promised Land, the myth of the founding fathers, the frontier myth, the myth of the American Dream and the myth of the melting pot. The chapters provide an extended analysis of each of these myths, using examples from popular culture, literature, memorial culture, school books and every-day life. Including visual material as well as study questions, this book will be of interest to any student of American Studies and will foster an understanding of America as an imagined community by analyzing the foundational role of myths in the process of nation building.
The unappeasable host : studies in Irish identities
To Walt Whitman, America
The xenophobe's guide to the Swedes
Ireland and cultural theory : the mechanics of authenticity
Britain : be fluent in Britain life and culture
The people of Great Russia : a psychological study
Italy : be fluent in Italian life and culture
Competing eyes : visual encounters with alterity in Central and Eastern Europe
Japanese society
Eighteenth century characters : a guide to the literature of the age
National character : a psycho-social perspective
CultureShock! : a survival guide to customs and etiquette: India
Reconstructing America : the symbol of America in modern thought
Spain : be fluent in Spanish life and culture
Morality and nationalism
The Xenophobe's guide to the Americans
The visitors' book : England and the English as others have seen them A. D. 1500 to 1950
The Donald Richie reader : 50 years of writing on Japan
Spain
A is for American : letters and other characters in the newly United States
States of division : border and boundary formation in cold war rural Germany
Different paths to the nation : regional and national identities in Central Europe and Italy, 1830-70
Xenophobe's guide to the Russians
The secret life of France
Sorry!: the English and their manners
From Caesar to the Mafia : persons, places, and problems in Italian life
CultureShock! : a survival guide to customs and etiquette: Syria
The fate of America : an inquiry into national character
Acting naturally : Victorian theatricality and authenticity
Voi maamme, Suomi = Finland : what a country!
Watching the English : the hidden rules of English behaviour
National character and public spirit in Britain and France, 1750-1914
The world of lucha libre : secrets, revelations, and Mexican national identity
Culture shock! Saudi Arabia : a survival guide to customs and etiquette
Return from the natives : how Margaret Mead won the Second World War and lost the Cold War
Introducing the ancient Greeks
Culture shock! : a survival guide to customes and etiquette: Berlin
The Japanese mind : the Goliath explained
The psychology of the Chinese people
The Spanish temper
Culture shock! Cuba! : a survival guide to customs and etiquette
The year of living Danishly : uncovering the secrets of the world's happiest country
The simple life : plain living and high thinking in American culture
CultureShock! : A Survival Guide to Customs and Etiquette. Finland
Chinese life : bitter-sweet portraits 2009
Denmark : a survival guide to customs and etiquette
The big book of national insults
Culture shock! Denmark : a survival guide to customs and etiquette
Modern-day vikings : a practical guide to interacting with the Swedes
Goodly is our heritage : children's literature, empire, and the certitude of character
IQ and global inequality
American myth, American reality
Culture shock! : a survival guide to customes and etiquette: Morocco
France : be fluent in French life and culture
The Chinese national character : from nationhood to individuality
The English: are they human?
The South African dream
Made in America : a social history of American culture and character
Napoleon and the British
Imagology revisited
Being English : narratives, idioms, and performances of national identity from Coleridge to Trollope
Ibn al-balad : a concept of Egyptian identity
Democracy in America
The myths that made America : an introduction to American studies
Rhine crossings : France and Germany in love and war
Forging the American character. 2, Readings in United States history since 1877
Indigenous psychologies : research and experience in cultural context
Culture shock! : a survival guide to customs and etiquette: Saudi Arabia
Forging the American character. 1, Readings in United States history to 1877
Arab voices : what they are saying to us, and why it matters
One million tiny plays about Britain
The family album : histories, subjectivities, and immigration in contemporary Spanish culture
The idea of Europe in British travel narratives, 1789-1914
The Japanese character : a cultural profile
Max Weber and Thomas Mann : calling and the shaping of the self
