http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11174 integrated production
integrated production
An international consultation on integrated crop-livestock systems for development : the way forward for sustainable production intensification
Automating with step 7 in LAD and FBD : programmable controllers SIMATIC S7-300/400
Computer integrated manufacturing. Volume 3, Models, case studies, and forecasts of diffusion
International Conference on International Fruit Production : proceedings of the meeting at Cedzyna, Poland 28 August - 2 September 1995
Robots and manufacturing automation
Simson : technology, organisation and people - towards world class manufacturing
Automated production and flexible manufacturing systems : with FMS 3D simulation
Biological control and integrated crop protection : towards environmentally safer agriculture : proceedings of an international conference, organized by the IOBC/WPRS, Veldhoven, Netherlands, 8-13 September 1991
The bio-integrated farm : a revolutionary permaculture-based system using greenhouses, ponds, compost piles, aquaponics, chickens, and more
Assembly automation and product design
Symposium on integrated fruit production, Wädenswil, Switzerland, 11-15 September 1989
Food, globalization and sustainability
Cimosa : Open system architecture for CIM
Computer integrated manufacturing. Volume 1, Revolution in progress
Reaching sustainable consumption through the concept of a product-service system (PSS)
Computer integrated manufacturing. Volume 4, Economic and social impacts
Production Management Systems : an integrated perspective
Biological control : benefits and risks
Integrated pest management (IPM) and integrated production (IP) in field vegetables : NJF seminar no. 255. Dolaheimen Breiseth Hotell, Lillehammer, Norway. 13-15th March 1995
The Bio-Integrated Farm is a twenty-first-century manual for managing nature's resources. This groundbreaking book brings "system farming" and permaculture to a whole new level. Author Shawn Jadrnicek presents new insights into permaculture, moving beyond the philosophical foundation to practical advanced designs based on a functional analysis. Holding his designs to a higher standard, Jadrnicek's components serve at least seven functions (classical permaculture theory only seeks at least two functions). With every additional function a component performs, the design becomes more advanced and saves more energy. A bio-integrated greenhouse, for example, doesn't just extend the season for growing vegetables; it also serves as a rainwater collector, a pond site, an aquaponics system, and a heat generator. Jadrnicek's prevalent theme is using water to do the work. Although applicable in many climates, his designs are particularly important for areas coping with water scarcity.Jadrnicek focuses on his experience as farm manager at the Clemson University Student Organic Farm and at his residence in the foothills of the Blue Ridge Mountains. These locations lie at the cooler northern edge of a humid subtropical climate that extends west to the middle of Texas and north along the coast to New Jersey. He has created permaculture patterns ranging from raising transplants and field design to freshwater prawn production and composting. These patterns have simplified the operation of the 125-share CSA farm while reducing reliance on outside resources. In less time than it takes to mow his two-acre homestead, Jadrnicek is building a you-pick fruit farm using permaculture patterns. His landscape requires only the labor of harvesting, and the only outside input he buys is a small amount of chicken feed.By carefully engaging the free forces of nature--water, wind, sunlight, convection, gravity, and decomposition--Jadrnicek creates sustenance without maintenance and transforms waste into valuable farm resources. The Bio-Integrated Farm offers in-depth information about designing and building a wide range of bio-integrated projects including reflecting ponds, water-storage ponds, multipurpose basins, greenhouses, compost heat extraction, pastured chicken systems, aquaculture, hydroponics, hydronic heating, water filtration and aeration, cover cropping, and innovative rainwater-harvesting systems that supply water for drip irrigation and flushing toilets.
Business process engineering : reference models for industrial enterprises
Automation, production systems, and computer-integrated manufacturing
Environmental friendly fertiliser for rice
Case study on integrated small-scale forest harvesting and wood processing operation
Environmental economics for sustainable growth : a handbook for practitioners
Simson : a CIM development programme for the Finnish metal and engineering industry : evaluation report
Drive solutions : mechatronics for production and logistics : with 310 figures and 51 tables
Proceedings of the XXV International Horticultural Congress : Brussels, Belgium 2-7 August, 1998. Part 3, Culture techniques with special emphasis on environmental implications
Proceedings of the International Conference on Integrated Fruit Production : Leuven, Belgium July 27 - August 1, 1998
Computer integrated manufacturing and engineering
A component framework of a distributed control systems family
Innovations, invariances and analogies : comments on the li[f]e-cycle theory and the forecasting of future trends in flexible production automation
Rapid prototyping : principles and applications
Changing business environment : effects of continuous innovations and disruptive technologies
Learning in and for production : an activity-theoretical study of the historical development of distributed systems of generalizing
Integration in production management systems : proceedings of the IFIP WG 5.7 Working Conference on Integration in Production Management Systems, Eindhoven, The Netherlands, 24-27 August 1992
CAD/CAM/CIM
Insect pest management and ecological research
Sustainable consumption : the implications of changing infrastructures of provision
Workshop Ecological Aspects of Vegetable Fertilization in Integrated Crop Production in the Field : Neustadt an der Weinstrasse, Germany 25-29 September 1995
Advances in production management systems : proceedings of the IFIP TC5/WG5.7 5th International Conference on Advances in Production Management Systems - APMS '93, Athens, Greece, 28-30 September, 1993
Integrated cabbage growing in Latvia
Wood torrefaction : market prospects and integration with the forest and energy industry
International Symposium on Integrating Canopy, Rootstocks and Environmental Physiology in Orchard Systems : Wenatchee, Washington, USA and Penticton, British Columbia, Canada, 17-25 July, 1996 : Vol. 1 & 2
About the Book: The new edition of CAD/CAM/CIM has been brought out to focus on the response of CIM technology to address to new challenges faced by manufacturing in the new millennium. CIM is moving towards more and more sophistication in exploiting the capabilities of computer hardware and software. This book gives a detailed account of various technologies which form computer based automation of manufacturing activities. Computer aided shape design and geometric modeling have been revised and an introduction to robust design has been added. Design coverage is enlarged by adding FEA.
Enhancement of the boiler design process by the use of expert system technology
Logo! : practical training
Principles of computer-aided design and manufacturing
EDISON - research programme on electric distribution automation 1993-1997 : final report 1997
Computer integrated manufacturing. Volume 2, The past, the present, and the future
Automation network selection : a reference manual
Introduction to robotics in CIM systems
Competition and efficiency in international food supply chains : improving food security
Abstract.
The economics of conservation agriculture
Sustainable resource management : reality or illusion?
CIM systems : an introduction to computer-integrated manufacturing
Computer integrated manufacturing : from concepts to realisation
Third International Strawberry Symposium : Veldhoven, the Netherlands, 29 April - 4 May 1996. Vol. 2
Integrated livestock-fish farming systems
Interfaces in industrial systems for production and engineering : proceedings of the IFIP TC5/WG5.10 Working Conference on Interfaces in Industrial Systems for Production and Engineering, Darmstadt, Germany, 15-17 March, 1993
Information technology for advanced manufacturing systems : proceedings of the IFIP TC5/WG5.3 International Conference on Information Technology for Advanced Manufacturing Systems, Nanjing, P. R. China, 17-19 September 1991
Supply chain management
Advances in production technology
Justification methods for computer integrated manufacturing systems : planning, design justification, and costing
Intelligent manufacturing systems
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Sustainability through Integrated and Organic Horticulture : Seoul, Korea, August 13-19, 2006
Implementing SAP R/3
Computer integrated manufacturing : from fundamentals to implementation
Ecological Aspects of vegetable Fertilization in Integrated Crop Production in the Field : Workshop : einsiedeln Switzerland 7 to 11 September, 1992
Design of industrial information systems
Knowledge based hybrid systems : poceedings of the IFIP TC5/WG5.3/IFAC International Working Conference on Knowledge Based Hybrid Systems in Engineering and Manufacturing, KNOWHSEM '93, Budapest, Hungary, 20-22 April, 1993
Knowledge societies: : information technology for sustainable development
Rapid manufacturing : an industrial revolution for the digital age
Manufacturing databases and computer integrated systems
Farming system research : an approach to developing of sustainable farming systems and the role of white clover as a component in nitrogen management
A better environment through the market : new opportunities for sustainable development via an integrated product policy (IPP) : report from Nordic IPP Seminar, Saltsjöbaden, Sweden, February 2000, vol. 2
Automation, production systems, and computer-integrated manufing
Integrated irrigation and aquaculture in West Africa : concepts, practices and potential
Human aspects in computer integrated manufacturing : proceedings of the IFIP TC5/WG 5.3 8th International PROLAMAT Conference, Man in CIM, Tokyo, Japan, 24-26 June 1992
Total quality process control for injection molding
Harvesting undelimbed Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) from first thinnings for integrated production of kraft pulp and energy
Manufacturing : design, production, automation, and integration
Basics of industrial automation
Report of the FAO-WARDA Workshop on Integrated Irrigation Aquaculture, Bamako, Mali, 4-7 November 2003 = Rapport de l'Atelier de la FAO-ADRAO sur l'intégration de l'irrigation et l'aquaculture, Bamako, Mali, 4-7 novembre 2003.
Manufacturing engineering and technology
CNC machining technology : volume I : design, development and CIM strategies
Social dimensions of integrated production and pest management : a case study in Mali
