http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11148 becoming independent
becoming independent
The politics of ethnic separatism in Russia and Georgia
An unrestored woman and other stories
Half of a yellow sun
Guilt and atonement : the story of 13 January
Arab struggle for economic independence
The subtle Spanish revolution : new parties change the game, but does Catalonia still want to play?
"The previous edition has been entirely updated, with new contributions replacing older ones. A distinctive characteristic of this anthology is the range of interpretations of classic and recent research. This book offers a full specturm of emotionally charged theories. Each section presents a set of conflicting arguments to show the state of debates on these highly controversial issues. Extensive commentary by the editors leads the reader through this treasury of theories and dramatically highlights the development of the field"--Provided by the publisher.
The soldier's farewell
Loss of innocence
From the inside out : leading your clients out of codependence
The betrayal knows my name. [2]
South Sudan : from revolution to independence
East Timor : beyond independence
Toxic parents : overcoming their hurtful legacy and reclaiming your life
The new states of West Africa
Turn : Washington's spies. Season 1
The international mediation of a liberation-from-mandate : the case of Namibian indepence process
The folk high schools̕ part in the birth of our independence
Grasping the peripheral state : a historical sociology of Nicaraguan state formation
Eesti tee vabadusele = Estonia's way to freedom
The boy next door
The Mrs Marridge project
The situation in Poland and Finland prior to independence 1917/1918 : activities of Piłsudski and Mannerheim
The awakening
The proudest day : India's long road to independence
Self-determination and secessionism in Somaliland and South Sudan : challenges to postcolonial state-building
Building transitional programs for students with disabilities : how to navigate the course of their lives
The African experience : from Olduvai Gorge to the 21st century
Head over heart
THE INDEPENDENCE OF ROMANIA : SELECTED BIBLIOGRAPHY
Africa : the struggle for independence
Unsettled : denial and belonging among white Kenyans
Funu : the unfinished saga of East Timor
Harris finds his feet
The Congo since independence, January 1960 - December 1961
This raging light
Historians as nation state-builders : the formation of Lithuanian University 1904-1922
Approaching African history
Marshmallow skye
The singing revolution : a political journey through the Baltic states
The state of Africa : a history of fifty years of independence
Kiss off : poems to set you free
The foundations of new India
What America did for India's independence
War and independence in Spanish America
"In The Postcolonial State in Africa, Crawford Young offers an informed and authoritative comparative overview of fifty years of African independence, drawing on his decades of research and first-hand experience on the African continent. Young identifies three cycles of hope and disappointment common to many of the African states (including those in North Africa) over the last half-century: initial euphoria at independence in the 1960s followed by disillusionment with a lapse into single-party autocracies and military rule; a period of renewed confidence, radicalization, and ambitious state expansion in the 1970s preceding state crisis and even failure in the disastrous 1980s; and a phase of reborn optimism during the continental wave of democratization beginning around 1990. He explores in depth the many African civil wars--especially those since 1990--and three key tracks of identity: Africanism, territorial nationalism, and ethnicity. Only more recently, Young argues, have the paths of the fifty-three African states begun to diverge more dramatically, with some leading to liberalization and others to political, social, and economic collapse--outcomes impossible to predict at the outset of independence."--Back cover.
Brazil : the forging of a nation, 1798-1852
Spain and the independence of the United States : an intrinsic gift
History of modern India (1757-1947)
Revisiting India's partition : new essays on memory, culture, and politics
Young people's changing routes to independence
Causes and consequences of independence in Africa
Portuguese Africa in perspective : the making of a multi-racial nation
The Afro-Asian states and their problems
Founders as fathers : the private lives and politics of the American revolutionaries
The call of mother Africa
You can do it too!
Namibia's liberation struggle : the two-edged sword
Under the cope of heaven : religion, society, and politics in Colonial America
Gallery of history - the struggle of the Mexican people for their freedom
Historical problems of imperial Africa
British decolonization, 1946-1997 : when, why, and how did the British Empire fall?
"This collection contains nineteen interdisciplinary essays that explore the continuing cultural, political, and social impact of the Partition on India, Pakistan and Bangladesh as well as in the South Asian diaspora. It focuses on neglected areas in the existing scholarship on the subject--themes as well as regions within South Asia--that illustrate Vazira Zamindar's idea of a 'Long Partition'"--Provided by publisher.
The great rehearsal : the story of the making and ratifying of the constitution of the United States
Problems in the history of modern Africa
Roxy's baby
Africa is a huge continent, as large as the more habitable areas of Europe and Asia put together. This book takes as its subject the last 10,000 years of African history, and traces the way in which human society on the continent has evolved from communities of hunters and gatherers to the complex populations of today.
The Baltic and Caucasian States
United States to 1877
When London was capital of America
America, empire of liberty : a new history
East Timor : the price of liberty
Lyrics alley
"In 1963, Kenya gained independence from Britain, ending nearly seventy years of white colonial rule. While tens of thousands of whites relocated outside Kenya for what they hoped would be better prospects, many stayed. Over the past decade, however, protests, scandals, and upheavals have unsettled families with colonial origins, reminding them of the tenuousness of their Kenyan identity. In this book, Janet McIntosh looks at the lives and dilemmas of settler descendants living in postindependence Kenya. From clinging to a lost colonial identity to embracing a new Kenyan nationality, the public face of white Kenyans has undergone changes fraught with ambiguity. Drawing on fieldwork and interviews, McIntosh focuses on their discourses and narratives, asking: What stories do settler descendants tell about their claims to belong in Kenya? How do they situate themselves vis-a-vis the colonial past and anticolonial sentiment, phrasing and rephrasing their memories and judgments as they seek a position they feel is ethically acceptable? With her respondents straining to defend their entitlements in the face of mounting Kenyan rhetorics of ancestry and autochthony, McIntosh explores their contradictory and diverse responses: moral double consciousness, aspirations to uplift the nation, ideological blind spots, denial, and self-doubt. Ranging from land rights to language, from romantic intimacy to the African occult, Unsettled offers a unique perspective on whiteness in a postcolonial context and a groundbreaking theory of elite subjectivity"--Provided by publisher.
Namibia : the violent heritage
Negotiating adolescence in times of social change
American independence : the growth of an idea: a bibliographical study of the American political pamphlets printed between 1764 and 1776 dealing with the dispute between Great Britain and her colonies
A political history of the civil war in Angola, 1974-1990
Rhodesia : the road to rebellion
America. Volume 1 : Liberty & slavery : empire of liberty
Nehru : the invention of India
Toward independence : a survey of the history of Finland to 1920
Bolívar : American liberator
Raising our children, raising ourselves
India's struggle quarter of a century, 1921-46. Part 1-2
Love from Luisa
Nehru  : the making of India
Ideological changes - educational consequences : how is education evolving in Namibia from a perspective of liberation?
"The boys from the north" : the Nordic volunteers in Estonia's war of independence, 1918-1920
The dark wife
Black majesty : the life of Christophe king of Haiti
Basic writings of Thomas Paine : common sense, rights of man, age of reason
The United Nations Council for Namibia : a summary of twenty years of effort by the Council for Namibia on behalf of Namibian independence
The declaration of independence
The independence of Mexico and the creation of the new nation
A pigeon and a boy
Secession : the morality of political divorce from Fort Sumter to Lithuania and Quebec
Colonial Latin America
The emergence of Pakistan
Common sense
Road to revolution!
Recruit to revolution : adventure and politics during the Indonesian struggle for independence
The hope of the universe
Rights of man, Common sense and other political writings
The formation of the Baltic States : a study of the effects of great power politics upon the emergence of Lithuania, Latvia, and Estonia
Sarežģītais gājums : Veltījums Latviajas Republikas neatkarībasatjaunošanai = The complicated road. A dedication to the restoration of independence of the republic of Latvia
The great powers and Finnish independence in 1917
Caucasus chronicles : nation-building and diplomacy in Armenia, 1993-1994
The postcolonial state in Africa : fifty years of independence, 1960-2010
April Underhill tooth fairy
Makers of Pakistan and modern Muslim India
The First American Revolution : The American Colonies on the Eve of Independence. 1, Seedtime of the Republic
Rights of passage : social change and the transition from youth to adulthood
Dinner with Mugabe : the untold story of a freedom fighter who became a tyrant
The Kabul beauty school : the art of friendship and freedom
I can do it too!
Experiment with freedom : India and Pakistan, 1947
From a children's home towards independent life
Act of faith
Food wars! : Shokugeki no soma. 4 : Resemblances
Independence and after
Finland's road to independence : from an ancient free tribe to a modern independent nation
The Declaration of Independence : origins and impact
Freedom and after
Countdown to partition : the final days
Toward independence : the Baltic popular movements
Finland and the United States, 1917-1919 : early years of mutual relations
Artichoke hearts
Abstract.
The girl's guide to absolutely everything
Jefferson's empire : the language of American nationhood
The spirit of 'seventy-six : the story of the American revolution as told by participants
Spain and the independence of Colombia 1810-1825
The foreign policy of Estonia, 1918-1921
Leap without a net : leaving a job with no plan B
Summer of love
Europe's Northern frontier : perspectives on Finland's Western identity
Health and body image -- Careers and work -- Money and finance - Etiquette: it's not about the fork -- The company you keep -- Dating, sex and romance -- getting along with your family -- Spirituality -- Home Ec for modern times -- Fashion sense for any era.
Food wars! : Shokugeki no soma. 3, The perfect resette
100 sideways miles
The Baltic revolution : Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, and the path to independence
Ireland : the politics of independence, 1922-49
For want of a nail : if Burgoyne had won at Saratoga
Let it come down : with a preface by the author
Food wars! : Shokugeki no soma. 2 : Ice queen and the Spring storm
Recognizing states : international society and the establishment of new states since 1776
India's freedom struggle, 1857-1947 : a short history
Miracle at Philadelphia : the story of the Constitutional Convention, May to September 1787
This paper analyses the notion of self-determination and secession by adopting acomparative perspective on two case studies, namely Somaliland and South Sudan. Somaliland declared its independence in 1991 following the collapse of the Somali state. Since then, Somaliland has been making relentless efforts to secure recognition from the international community. South Sudan successfully negotiated the right to exerciseself-determination, a right that was formalised in the Comprehensive Peace Agreement (CPA) signed between the ruling National Congress Party (NCP) and the Sudan People's Liberation Movement (SPLM). The people of South Sudan held a referendum and voted overwhelmingly for secession, with formal independence being achieved on 9 July 2011. International law may better qualify Somaliland for statehood than South Sudan for three reasons: (i) it was created by colonialism, (ii) it has already been recognised, albeit only for a few days, as an independent state in 1960, and (iii) it has proven to be stable, functional and relatively democratic. Yet Somaliland has failed to achieve international recognition. This paper interrogates this discrepancy. It concludes that the existence of a partner ready to accept the right of self-determination, and geostrategic concerns about security as well a seconomic and political interests, determine international recognition.
Vishnu's crowded temple : India since the Great Rebellion
A companion to the American Revolution
The teenage brain : a neuroscientist's survival guide to raising adolescents and young adults
Let freedom ring : the story of Independence Hall and its role in the founding of the United States
Gads kā dzīve = A year as a whole life = God kak žien
Black star : a view of the life and times of Kwame Nkrumah
The Palestinians and their claim for the state of their own : construction of identities and interests in relation to security/insecurity
Constructing post-communism : a study in the Estonian social problems discourse
Selections from Gandhi
The independence of India and Pakistan : new approaches and reflections
