http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11124 film sector
film sector
Sight, sound, motion : applied media aesthetics
The art of srcreenplays : a writer's guide
Godfather : the intimate Francis Ford Coppola
Remote control : dilemmas of Black intervention in British film & TV : report from the BFI African & Caribbean Unit Black & White in Colour Conference : prospects for Black intervention in television, held at the ICA, November 1992
On filmmaking
All the stars in the heavens
The last of Robin Hood
Ideology of the Hindi film : a historical construction
Moviemakers' master class : private lessons from the world's foremost directors
Hollywood's blacklists : a political and cultural history
The Macmillan international film encyclopedia
Produce Your Own Damn Movie!
Cinematic landscapes : observations on the visual arts and cinema of China and Japan
Magnum cinema : photographs from 50 years of movie-making
Grace kelly : the secret lives of a princess
With nails : the film diaries of Richard E. Grant
American prince
The independent film & videomaker's guide
The script-selling game : a Hollywood insider's look at getting your script sold and produced
The producer's business handbook
The screenwriter's handbook. 2010
The McGraw-Hill film viewer's guide
German film is enjoying enormous levels of success, whether success is defined in terms of financial returns, popularity with audiences at home and abroad or critical acclaim. The 2000s saw German productions become regular guests at all the major international film festivals, from Sundance to Tokyo, winning awards across the globe. As such, and as reviewers are keen to point out, the German industry appears to be reaching once again the aesthetic heights that brought it the international praise of critics from the late 1960s to the early 1980s. Also, domestic productions are becoming more popular and, as a result, more commercially viable. 'Contemporary German cinema' examines the success of recent film production in its wider industrial, cultural and political context, blending broad overviews of recent trends with detailed examinations of key case studies.--Book cover.
Jean Vigo
The education of the filmmaker in Europe, Australia, and Asia
Dusted to death
Media law for producers
Feminist film studies
Celluloid mavericks : the history of American independent film
The art direction handbook for film
What they don't teach you at film school : 161 strategies for making your own movie no matter what
The producers : profiles in frustration
The film 100 : a ranking of the most influential people in the history of the movies
Final cut : art, money, and ego in the making of Heaven's gate, the film that sank United Artists
The making of Some Like It Hot : my memories of Marilyn Monroe and the classic American movie
Adventures in the screen trade : a personal view of Hollywood and screenwriting
Impure cinema : intermedial and intercultural approaches to film
Exiles in Hollywood
The guide to Korean film industry and production
Watching films : new perspectives on movie-going, exhibition and reception
Going to the movies : A personal journey through four decades of modern film
Bollywood cinema : temples of desire
Scene it? : All new movie clips and trivia : Wii
The motion picture image : from film to digital
This book examines the social, political, cultural and economic factors shaping the production, exhibition and circulation of artists' cinema in various contexts, from museums, biennial exhibitions and site-specific public art projects to commercial galleries, and art fairs. The book incorporates in-depth readings of recent works by twenty-four artists, including Doug Aitken, Eija-Liisa Ahtila, Carlos Amorales, Gerard Byrne, Tacita Dean, Jeremy Deller, Thomas Demand, Stan Douglas, Aurelien Froment, Pierre Huyghe, Jaki Irvine, Isaac Julien, Aernout Mik, Shirin Neshat, Tobias Putrih, Anne Tallentire, Francesco Vezzoli, Jane & Louise Wilson among others.--Back cover.
Film : the critics' choice : 150 masterpieces of world cinema selected and defined by the experts
The movie business book
Children's book of cinema : explore the magical, behind-the-scenes world of the movies
Last night at the viper room : River Phoenix and the Hollywood he left behind
Contemporary German cinema
Filmmakers and financing : business plans for independents
Dark eye : the films of David Fincher
Festival news
Dictionary of film terms
Minding movies : observations on the art, craft, and business of filmmaking
The princess diarist
How can the film-induced tourism phenomenon be sustainably managed?
All about Oscar : the history and politics of the Academy Awards
20 fragments of a ravenous youth
The stylist
Some kind of hero : 007 : the remarkable story of the James Bond films
Variety : the international entertainment weekly
Here's looking at you : Hollywood, film & politics
The Paramount story
Careers in film and video
Not dead yet
Filmmaking : direct your movie from script to screen using proven hollywood techniques
The film studio : film production in the global economy
Ta'al il heith al-nakha : rua naqdie fi al-cinema
Tropic thunder
The bloody meadow
Film studies : the basics
Contemporary cinematographers on their art
American independent cinema : a sight and sound reader
Moving pictures : a Discworld novel
The big picture : filmmaking lessons from a life on the set
The independent film producer's survival guide : a business and legal sourcebook
Practical cinematography
Business plans for filmmakers
The book of illusions : a novel
The film director's team
The Jayne Mansfield story
The amazing book of movie trivia
The age of new waves : art cinema and the staging of globalization
"The Art of Screenplays is a working handbook for writers with stories to tell. Addressing the key issues of creativity and craft, its aim is to connect with our natural understanding of story, to demystify the screenwriter’s art, and to enable fresh, original and authentic writing. Working on the central premise that drama reflects nature, and screenplays simply echo life as we know it, the areas Mukherjee discusses include: - The Writer’s eye: how to gather, ferment and communicate story. - The art of action: understanding structure through observation. - Who am I? Exploring the levels of characters. - Vertical structure: say what you mean. Mean what you say. - Speak the speech: The art of not writing dialogue." -- (takakansi)
Film Tourism: Study on How Films Can Be Used to Promote Tourism
The objective of this study is to find out how marketing and distribution of a featured film is carried out by Finnish producers domestically and internationally. Another objective is to learn how the marketing and distribution of a motion picture is done in general and what the term “marketing and distribution of a featured film” really entails. One outcome is to come up with practical suggestions for the case company regarding the marketing and distribution of their movie in Finland and internationally, based on comparative cases of domestic filmmakers. The theoretical framework was based on various relevant books and articles. Theoretical concepts that I mention in my Thesis relate to the following key points: essentials of qualitative research methods, marketing mix and relationship marketing, licensing, total relationship marketing, and others. The study was carried out in the form of secondary data collection, as well as in the form of qualitative data gathering. Data was collected through semi-structured, in-depth, convergent interviewing. The analytical approach was qualitative. The results of this study indicated that Finnish filmmakers use domestic/Scandinavian distributors for the local film distribution and a foreign sales agent for international films. The results also indicated that local distributors develop marketing campaigns of their own in a given country, which commonly include print and media ads, trailers, press-conferences, all of which largely depend on the marketing budget. In addition, independent and new filmmakers face the challenge of conducting marketing and distribution practices by themselves, using their own resources. In conclusion, X-Max Productions has to carefully evaluate the findings of this study and take into consideration “the newcomer” scenario, where X-Max Productions will have to finance its first movie with its own resources and then at some point of the film production send out DVDs to potential distributors, international sales agents and to potential film festivals and markets.
My week with Marilyn : the prince, the showgirl and me : my week with Marilyn / Colin Clark
Killing Monica
The 21st century film, TV & media school : challenges, clashes, changes
Tinseltown : murder, morphine, and madness at the dawn of Hollywood
60 YEARS OF THE OSCAR : THE OFFICIAL HISTORY OF..
Did you know that the dog who played Toto in The Wizard of Oz earned more money for the film than any of the munchkins did? Or that three quarters of the women James Bond has slept with have tried to kill him? Would you be surprised to find out that censors in New Zealand cut The Muppet Movie because (according to them) it featured scenes of gratuitous violence? And who would have thought that Jack Nicholson was a strong contender for the role of Hannibal Lecter in Silence of the Lambs?! If you enjoy going to the movies, then you’ll love this book that contains over three hundred amazing facts about your favourite flicks. Organised into sections as diverse as cameos, props, costumes, stunts, original endings, bad decisions and many more, this is the perfect addition for any film fan’s bookshelf.
Me and you and Memento and Fargo : how independent screenplays work
How to make love like a porn star : a cautionary tale
Preparing for takeoff : preproduction for the independent filmmaker
This book "examines the success of recent film production in its wider industrial, cultural and political contexts, blending broad overviews of recent trends with detailed examinations of key case studies."--P. [4] of cover.
70 years of the Oscar : the official history of the Academy Awards
Babylon nights
Hollywood : 50 great years
The place of artists' cinema : space, site and screen
How movies work
My week with Marilyn
Mommies who drink : sex, drugs, and other distant memories of an ordinary mom
Cinema studies : the key concepts
Creative careers : paths for aspiring actors, artists, dancers, musicians and writers
From hood to Hollywood
Letters to young filmmakers : creativity & getting your films made
The party
Creativity, Inc. : overcoming the unseen forces that stand in the way of true inspiration
Laughter in the dark
The dark arts of blood
Film : the essential study guide
Get a reel job : finding your first writing, producing, directing, acting, crew position in the film industry
Scene it? : All new movie clips and trivia : Xbox 360
Marketing and distribution of a featured movie in Finland and internationally : case company: X-Max Productions
The Guerilla film makers pocketbook
AS film studies : the essential introduction
Bollywood : popular Indian cinema
Easy riders, raging bulls : how the sex'n drugs'n rock'n' roll generation saved hollywood
The biz : the basic business, legal and financial aspects of the film industry
Dictionary of film terms : the aesthetic companion to film art
Fifth Avenue, 5 A.M. : Audrey Hepburn, Breakfast at Tiffany's, and the dawn of the modern woman
Lego Scooby-doo : haunted Hollywood
The mouse machine : Disney and technology
The starter wife
The producer's business handbook : the roadmap for the balanced film producer
The screenwriter's handbook. 2009
Alone : a Valentino mystery
Hitting your mark : what every actor really needs to know on a hollywood set
