http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11179 business concepts
business concepts
Public broadcasting and the public interest
Selling the future : the perils of predicting global politics
Creating policies for results : from chaos to clarity
Global think tanks : policy networks and governance
The research evaluates the use of Internet as a tool for transmitting companies' values in the hospitality and tourism industry; values which are presented through the Mission statement. The Mission statement has a vital importance for any organization, it present a frame in which the whole organization bases its activities, serving as guidance in the life of the organization and influences all the groups related to it. This group includes employees, investors, customers and suppliers. The aim of this work is comprised in these two objectives: " The first objective is to evaluate if hospitality and tourism companies present their Mission statement in Internet to communicate their values to the organization. " Secondly, it is to define the type of values shared by these organizations in the web. The research was carried out "on-line" through content analysis of the companies' web pages in order to collect the necessary information from it. As a conclusion for this research it can be stated, that up to the moment in which the research was conducted, only a 32 % of the industry is using the Internet for promoting their values and their missions. The values more used by the industry are quality, best value and environment friendliness.
Research hatchery as a cradle for new innovators : handbook for implementation
The future of the post-massified university at the crossroads : restructuring systems and functions
Internet as a channel to communicate companies' values in the hospitality and tourism industry
Libraries, mission and marketing : writing mission statements that work
Towards innovation pedagogy : a new approach to teaching and learning for universities of applied sciences
Ahead of the curve? : UN ideas and global challenges
Stepping across the borders : the Finnish elements in the identity politics of the Samii litto
So bold an aim : ten years of international co-operation toward freedom from want [1945-1955]
Thinkertoys : a handbook of creative-thinking techniques
Environmental and regional governance : squeezed or sustainable? : change and variation among the professionals at central and regional level at the last decade in Scandinavia
