http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1112 flours
flours
Chromosome counts on the Chenopodium album aggregate in Finland and NE Sweden
Effects of and interactions between the extent of silage fermentation and protein and protein supplementation in lactating dairy cows
Is it possible to have great tasting gluten-free foods? Yes, with the secret of coconut flour. Coconut flour is made from dried coconut that has been ground into a powder. It looks and feels just like any other flour, but unlike wheat flour, it is completely gluten-free. It is an excellent source of vitamins and minerals and contains about the same amount of protein as whole wheat. It is a good source of calorie-free dietary fibre that is so important for good digestive health. The best part is that it tastes fantastic! Using the basic yeast dough recipe described in this book, you will be able to make gluten-free yeast breads that will remind you of your mothers home-made baked bread. Yet these recipes are easier and quicker to make. With coconut flour and a few other key ingredients, you can make gourmet dinner rolls, sandwich bread, pizza crust, calzones, hamburger and hot dog buns, breadsticks, scones, tortillas, and a variety of artisan breads. The recipes in this book are designed to appeal to a wide range of tastes. For breakfast you will find a variety of sweet and savoury muffins, pancakes, and waffles.
The amylograph handbook
Determination of acrylamide levels in selected traditional foodstuffs and drinks in Jordan
The visual food encyclopedia
Gliadin and glutenin : the unique balance of wheat quality
This technical paper provides a comprehensive review of the use of wild fish as feed inputs for aquaculture covering existing practices and their sustainability as well as implications of various feed-fish fisheries scenarios. It comprises four regional reviews (Africa and the Near East, Asia and the Pacific, Europe, and Latin America and North America) and three case studies from Latin America (Chile, Peru and the study on the use of the Argentine anchoita in Argentina, Uruguay and Brazil). The four regional reviews specifically address the sustainable use of finite wild fish resources and the role that feed-fish fisheries may play for food security and poverty alleviation in these four regions and elsewhere. With additional information from case studies in China and Viet Nam, a global synthesis provides a perspective on the status and trends in the use of fish as feed and the issues and challenges confronting feed-fish fisheries. Based on the information presented in the global synthesis, regional reviews and three case studies, and through the fresh analysis of information presented elsewhere, an exploratory paper examines the use of wild fish as aquaculture feed from the perspective of poverty alleviation and food security.
Suitability of gluten index method for evaluation of wheat flower quality
Sourdough : a tool for the improved flavour, texture and shelf-life of wheat bread
Wheat end-use properties : wheat and flour characterization for specific end-uses : full papers submitted for the poster show at ICC '89 Symposium : June 13-15, 1989, Lahti, Finland
Wheat flour
Fish as feed inputs for aquaculture : practices, sustainability and implications
The phytic acid (PA), inorganic phosphorus (Pi), yellow pigment (YP), water soluble phenolics (WSPH) and free protein sulfhydryl groups (PSH) of 15 Triticum aestivum and 15 Triticum durum wheats grown at six different environments were evaluated for variability, intra- and inter- relations with agronomic traits. The most variable properties in bread wheat were YP and WSPH with coefficients of variation (CV) amounting to 14.59% and 14.10%, respectively, while in durum wheat those were PSH and YP with CV of 17.59% and 15.02%, respectively. PA in durum wheat showed the least variability (CV 3.61%). Among others, positive associations were obtained between WSPH and YP in bread and durum wheat, YP and PSH, WSPH and PSH, yield (YLD) and WSPH, YLD and PSH in durum wheat, while negative associations were recorded for PA and YP, PA and WSPH, YLD and antioxidants (YP and WSPH) in bread wheat, PA and antioxidants, PA and YLD in durum wheat..
Bread baking : an artisan`s perspective
Fibre-rich and wholegrain foods : improving quality
The bread making quality of Finnish spring wheats - a proposal for classification
Pressurized fluidized-bed gasification experiments with wood, peat and coal at VTT in 1991-1992. Part 1, Test facilities and gasification experiments with sawdust
Use of fishery resources as feed inputs to aquaculture development : trends and policy implications
Report of the FAO Expert Workshop on the Use of Wild Fish and/or Other Aquatic Species as Feed in Aquaculture and its Implications to Food Security and Poverty Alleviation : Kochi, India, 16-18 November 2007.
Collaborative study of a new developed ELISA kit for gluten determination
Bioprocessing to improve oat bread quality
Understanding baking : the art and science of baking
Cooking with coconut flour : a delicious low-carb, gluten-free alternative to wheat
Effects of processing and salts on some functional properties of cashewnut (Anarcadium occidentale) flours
Quality characteristics of parental lines of wheat mapping populations
Utilization of meat and bone meal for energy production
Effects of wholegrain foods and grain fibre in intestinal tract in relation to glucose metabolism : with an emphasis on wheat and rye bread effects
Wheat flour milling
Bread making : improving quality
The farinograph handbook
Proceedings from ICC'89 symposium : wheat end-use properties : wheat and flour characterization for specific end-uses
Grain-mills and flour in classical antiquity
An anatomical atlas of vegetable powders : designed as an aid to the microscopic analysis of powdered foods and drugs
Effects of some processing techniques on the functional properties of winged bean seed flours
These coconut flour recipes are completely free of wheat, gluten, soy, trans fats, and artificial sweeteners. Coconut flour provides many health benefits: it can improve digestion, help regulate blood sugar, protect against diabetes, help prevent heart disease and cancer, and aid in weight loss.
Variation, distribution and taxonomy of Chenopodium suecicum and C. album in N Europe
Ingredients offers an indispensable guidance: Over 2000 culinary ingredients are in this book, each introduced with pictures and described with tips on appearance, consistency, taste and use.
Nutritive value of meat and bone meal for growing pigs
IgG subclass antibodies in flour allergy
Alkylresorcinol metabolites as potential biomarkers for whole-grain rye intake and the effect of rye bread intake on plasma low-density lipoproteins
Dry fine grinding of Norway spruce (<em>Picea abies</em>) wood in impact-based fine grinding mills
Lipid profiles and storage stability of extruded oats and flours of non-heat-treated and heat-treated oats
Baking artisan bread : 10 expert formulas for baking better bread at home
Quality properties of fuel pellets from forest biomass
Phytic acid, inorganic phosphorus, antioxidants in bread and durum wheat and their associations with agronomic traits
The aim of this work was to evaluate the main quality traits in the parental lines of wheat segregating populations to identify the best for subsequent genetic mapping of the traits. Significant differences (p < 0.001) among wheat genotypes were observed. Many of the examined crosses appeared to be suitable for the purpose, showing differences among parental lines as high as 4.6% for protein content, 6.4% for gluten content, 69 for gluten index, 50 mL for sodium dodecyl sulphate sedimentation volume, and 33.9 g for thousand-kernel weight, whereas differences accounting for 4.8, 2.4, and 7.3 were observed for yellow index, red index and brown index, respectively. The results pointed out that for studying at the same time the quantitative and qualitative features of gluten, the wheat populations derived from Latino x MG29896 and Saragolla x 02-5B-318 could be particularly appropriate. In addition, the latter cross was suitable to deepen the knowledge of yellow index regulation.
Evaluating soybean meal as a fish meal substitute in feeds for Atlantic salmon and rainbow trout
Gluten protein composition and quality in bread wheats
Engineering aspects of cereal and cereal-based products
International cuisine has long conquered our cooking and eating habits. However, regional ingredients and some that were out of fashion for a while are gaining importance again. Accordingly, the range of available domestic and international foods is broad - enriching, but also challenging, as many fruits, herbs, seasonings, fish and meat products are unknown to the consumer.
