http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11144 esters
esters
Lipoprotein-associated 17β-estradiol fatty acid esters in pregnancy and during postmenopausal estrogen therapy
Functional dendritic polyester compounds : synthesis and characterization of small bifunctional dendrimers and dyes
Poly(ester-anhydrides) based on polylactone precursors
Arising from a scientific conference marking the 100th anniversary of her birth, this book honors the life and work of the social scientist and diplomat Ester Boserup, who blazed new trails in her interdisciplinary approach to development and sustainability.   The contents are organized in three sections reflecting important focal points of Boserup’s own work: Long-Term Socio-Ecological Change; Agriculture, Land Use, and Development; and Gender, Population, and Economy. The first three chapters offer a comprehensive review of her political and scientific work. Section Two focuses on the applicability of Boserup’s reflections on land use, technology, and agriculture, incorporating case studies which illuminate and test Boserup’s hypotheses on land use intensification and soil degradation, the impact of population growth on land use, the agricultural transition, and the role of women in development. The case studies examine both long historical time series and present-day dynamics, and explore different levels of geographical scale, from the local to the regional and the global. Section Three emphasizes the key role of women and gender relations for agriculture and development. Together, the 15 chapters in this volume show how the main strands of Boserup’s theories are reflected in contemporary research.   In sum, the diversity of the contributions to this book reflects the continuing impact of Ester Boserup’s work on scientific research today, and its likely influence on research for years to come.
The influence of sediment-associated phthalate esters (DEHP and DIDP) on hatching and survival of the moorfrog, Rana arvalis
Polyester : the indestructible fashion
Handbook of textile fibres : 2. man made fibres
Summary: Acrylonitrile storage tank exploding and catching fire at Kaipiainen, Anjalankoski, Finland, on 13 September 2002.
Inducibility of carboxylesterases by xenobiotics in the rat
Estradiol fatty acid esterification in high density lipoprotein
The knock at the door : a journey through the darkness of the Armenian genocide
Word biblical commentary. Vol. 9, Ruth ; Esther
Carboxylesterase 1 polymorphism impairs oseltamivir bioactivation in humans
The Slavonic Book of Esther : text, lexicon, linguistic analysis, problems of translation
Plastics for jewelry
Unsaturated polyesters : structure and properties
Kinetic investigations of polyesterification in microscale
The kinetics of the hydrolysis of α-halogenalkyl esters
Chemistry of tall oil and tall oil esters
Microbial volatile organic compounds (MVOCs)
Esther through the centuries
Abstract: Futuro no. 001 : Documentation and evaluation of preservation need. The purpose of this study was to document and evaluate the need for preservation of the plastic house called Futuro. For this purpose, a survey of condition was done, illustrated with damage mapping. The damage mapping helps to localize the damages and perceive the extent of the deterioration. Finally, a preliminary guideline for future possible conservation measures was drafted.  The documentation was carried out in writing and with photographs. Panoramic pictures of every room were digitally stitched together to enable the 360° rotational view. The condition survey was done in writing and drawing, observing the house visually. The evaluation of the preservation need was done considering Futuro's history, image, rareness and attractiveness.  The documentation of Futuro house no. 001 design, technology, materials and damages is now compiled in one study. Its damages have been noted down and and analysed. The house was estimated to be in surprisingly good condition. It has not been in constant use nor in regular maintenance. Preliminary recommendations for future possible conservation acts were given.  The Futuro house was considered to have architectural and cultural value and its preservation should be safeguarded for the future generations. There are only three other Futuros known to exist in Finland. The fact that Futuro no. 001 is the first Futuro ever made after manufacturing the prototype in the 1968 makes it even more valuable. It has also remained in its very authentic state.
Synthesis and characterization of novel side-chain liquid-crystalline polyesters
Summary in Estonian.
Tiivistelmä: Marketing plan for ENVIROLITE©.
Genistein and 17β-estradiol fatty acid esters in blood and adipose tissue and the structure-related antioxidant activity of estrogens on lipoproteins
Theologies in conflict in 4 Ezra : wisdom, debate, and apocalyptic solution
Handbook of fiber chemistry
The gilded chamber : a novel of queen Esther
Estonianism in a Finnish organization : essays on culture, identity and otherness
Esterification : methods, reactions and applications
The book of Esther in the light of history
Bioactivation and physiological role of steroid fatty acyl esters in adipose tissue
Oxidation of steryl esters
Today, young cosmetics researchers who have completed their graduate studies and have entered a cosmetics company are put through several years of training before they become qualified to design cosmetics formulations themselves. They are trained so that they can design formulas not by a process of logic but by heart, like craftsmen, chefs, or carpenters. This kind of training seems a terrible waste of labor and time. To address this issue and allow young scientists to design novel cosmetics formulations, effectively bringing greater diversity of innovation to the industry, this book provides
Rewriting the sacred text
High-density lipoprotein-associated 17β-estradiol fatty acyl esters and phytoestrogens : impact on reverse cholesterol transport and women's cardiovascular health
Two babushkas : how my grandmothers survived Hitler's war and Stalin's peace
Enzymes reacting with organophosphates in mammals : detoxification of paraoxon and diisopropyl fluorophosphate
Synthesis and characterization of lactic acid based poly(ester-urethanes)
Ab initio and dft derived potential energy functions in simulations of selected polyesters based on atomistic models
Emulsifiers in food technology
Blitz and other stories
Formulas, ingredients and production of cosmetics : technology of skin- and hair-care products in Japan
Tufted carpet : textile fibers, dyes, finishes, and processes
The kinetics of the hydrolysis of [alpha]-halogenoalkyl esters
Genistein and 17β-estradiol fatty acid esters and the structure-related antioxidant activity of estrogens on lipoproteins
Sukulaiset : the kindred : arvostelu
Experimental and theoretical study of vibrational spectra and structure of chloromethyl formate, Fermi resonance in deuterioformate esters
Bibliography of aceto acetic ester and its derivatives
Toward enantiomers of di- and trifunctional carboxylic esters by acylase I and lipases A and B from Candida antarctica : studies on enantio, chemo- and regioselectivity
Engineering thermoplastics : polycarbonates, polyacetals, polyesters, cellulose esters
Ester Boserup’s Legacy on Sustainability : Orientations for Contemporary Research
Synthetic fibres : nylon, polyester, acrylic, polyolefin
Esther : a commentary
Abstract.
Regulation of bisphosphonate bone binding
Macroscale and microscale organic experiments
Branched and crosslinked resorbable polymers based on lactic acid, lactide and [epsilon]-caprolactone
The influence of fillers on viscoelastic and thermal properties of polyester and vinylester resins
Polyesters and polyamides
Esther in medieval garb : Jewish interpretation of the Book of Esther in the Middle Ages
Autoxidation of conjugated linoleic acid methyl ester in the presence of α-tocopherol : the hydroperoxide pathway
Wilful disregard : a novel about love
A fibrous polymer-supported sulphonic acid catalyst in esterification processes
Remote β'-functionalization of β-keto esters
Studies on the transcriptional and enzymatic control of steroid metabolism : regulation by lysosomal acid lipase, 24-dehydrocholesterol reductase, and amyloid precursor protein
The books of Ruth, Esther, Ecclesiastes, the Song of Songs, Lamentations : the Five Scrolls
Ruth and Esther
Environmental Degradation of Glass-fiber Reinforced Vinyl Ester : Public Part
Novel concepts on the recovery of by-products from alkaline pulping
Estonians in the world : an overview of number and localization 1850-1990
Futuro no. 001 : documentation and evaluation of preservation needs
Novel materials for controlled peptide delivery: mesoporous silicon and photocrosslinked poly(ester anhydride)s
Synthetic modification and characterisation of unsaturated polyesters
Lubricity additive from renewable resources for low lubricity diesel fuels
Influence of nitric oxide syntase inhibitors on the effects of ethanol after acute and chronic ethanol administration and withdrawal
Chemistry and technology of flavors and fragrances
Futuro no. 001 : Documentation and evaluation of preservation need
A critical and exegetical commentary on the Book of Esther
Tear film lipid layer : from composition to function : implications of the anti-evaporative effect
The Anchor Bible. Vol. 7B, Esther : introduction, translation, and notes
Interrelationship between dry eye syndrome and tear fluid phospholipid transfer protein
Ab initio and DFT derived potential energy functions in simulations of selected polyesters based on atomistic models
