http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11140 concert halls
concert halls
The acoustics of performance halls : spaces for music from Carnegie Hall to the Hollywood Bowl
British rock modernism, 1967-1977 : the story of music hall in rock
Celebrating its 20th anniversary, the House of Blues is an institution in music history. Since opening its doors in 1992 in a converted historical house in Cambridge, Massachusetts, it has been home to live music, original folk art, and delta-inspired cuisine. Today, House of Blues boasts thirteen unique venues across the country, with its headquarters in Los Angeles, California. Countless famous musicians have performed on those stages, from the Blues Brothers, Bootsy Collins, Al Green, and Eric Clapton, to Lenny Kravitz, 50 Cent, and Snoop Dogg. Concertgoers, music fans, and pop culture junkies alike will dig this illustrated account of the story behind the music. Chapters explore the venues, musicians, performances, and food, providing readers with a backstage pass to everything House of Blues. Personal interviews with company founders and famous musicians tell the story, revealing behind the scenes details and outrageous party anecdotes. Vivid photography showcases iconic performers on stage as well as in private moments in dressing rooms. Tucked among the pages are concert memorabilia, including special reproductions of tickets, posters, etc.
Theatres and concert halls: construction and design manual
Paris : a musical gazetteer
Multidimensional perception of concert hall acoustics : studies with the loudspeaker orchestra
Acoustics and the performance of music
Concert hall acoustics assessment with sensory evaluation methods
Turun konserttitalo = Åbo konserthus = The Turku Concert Hall
Live sound reinforcement : a comprehensive guide to p.a. and music reinforcement systems and technology
Music, acoustics & architecture
Concert and opera halls : how they sound
Sound systems : design and optimization : modern techniques and tools for sound system design and alignment
Playing the cello
Acoustics and the performance of music : manual for acousticians, audio engineers, musicians, architects and musical instruments makers
House of Blues : a backstage pass to the artists, music & legends
Star moments at the Helsinki University Hall
Connects scientific understandings of acoustics with practical applications to musical performance. Of central importance are the tonal characteristics of musical instruments and the singing voice including detailed representations of directional characteristics. Furthermore, room acoustical concerns related to concert halls and opera houses are considered. Based on this, suggestions are made for musical performance. Included are seating arrangements within the orchestra and adaptation of performance techniques to the performance environment. This presentation dispenses with complicated mathematical connections and aims for conceptual explanations accessible to musicians, particularly for conductors. The graphical representations of the directional dependence of sound radiation by musical instruments and the singing voice are unique. This German edition has become a standard reference work for audio engineers and scientists.
London live : from the Yardbirds to Pink Floyd to the Sex Pistols : the inside story of live bands in the capitol's trail-blazing music clubs
The instrument of experience
Concert lighting : techniques, art and business
Moderni sisustus - goottilainen kuori = Gothic shell - modern construct
Concert halls and opera houses : music, acoustics, and architecture
Concert lighting : techniques, art, and business
Buildings for music : the architect, the musician, and the listener from the 17th century to the present day
Live architecture : venues, stages, and arenas for popular music
Explains how the definitive British rock performers of this epoch aimed, not at the youthful rebellion for which they are legendary, but at a highly self-conscious project of commenting on the business in which they were engaged. This work focuses on the mid to late 1960s.
Rock sets : the astonishing art of rock consert design : the works of Fisher Park
A virtual symphony orchestra for studies on concert hall acoustics
Theatres and concert halls
Vibration performance of glued stressed skin LVL element
Preservation Hall : music from the heart
Symphony : Frank Gehry's Walt Disney Concert Hall
