http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11108 biographical criticism (literary research)
biographical criticism (literary research)
The thread of life
Life stories, narrativity, and the search for the self
The Cambridge companion to Tolstoy
French autobiography : devices and desires : Rousseau to Perec
William Faulkner and the southern landscape
Will in the world : how Shakespeare became Shakespeare
World authors 1985-1990
The romantic subject in autobiography : Rousseau and Goethe
The craft of literary biography
Autobiographical elements in George Eliot's Adam Bede and The Mill on the Floss
Without shelter : the early career of Ellen Glasgow
Greek and Roman biography embraces much more than Plutarch, Suetonius and their lost Hellenistic antecedents. In this book Professor Hägg explores the whole range and diversity of ancient biography, from its Socratic beginnings to the Christian acquisition of the form in late antiquity. He shows how creative writers developed the lives of popular heroes like Homer, Aesop and Alexander and how the Christian gospels grew from bare sayings to full lives. In imperial Rome biography flourished in the works of Greek writers: Lucian's satire, Philostratus' full sophistic orchestration, Porphyry's intellectual portrait of Plotinus. Perhaps surprisingly, it is not political biography or the lives of poets that provide the main artery of ancient biography, but various kinds of philosophical, spiritual and ethical lives. Applying a consistent biographical reading to a representative set of surviving texts, this book opens up the manifold but often neglected art of biography in classical antiquity.
Interpreting women's lives : feminist theory and personal narratives
Biography and children : a study of biography for children and childhood in biography
Beyond the flesh : Alexander Blok, Zinaida Gippius, and the Symbolist sublimation of sex
Acts of narrative resistance : women's autobiographical writings in the Americas
The intimate life of L. M. Montgomery
A higher form of cannibalism? : adventures in the art and politics of biography
"Understanding Ian McEwan provides a full discussion of the fiction written by one of Britain's most highly regarded novelists and the winner of the 1998 Booker Prize. David Malcolm places Ian McEwan's work - admired by critics for its polished, understated treatment of themes of aberrance and obsession - in the context of British literature's particular dynamism in the last decades of the twentieth century. He also examines McEwan's relationship to feminism, concern with rationalism and science, use of moral perspective, and proclivity toward fragmentation."--BOOK JACKET.
Measure of good and evil : The role of the author in Graham Greene's The Power and the Glory
The art of biography in eighteenth century England
Emily Dickinson : woman poet
A biographical and critical study of Russian writer Eduard Limonov
Literary biography
Henrik Ibsen and the birth of modernism : art, theater, philosophy
Contesting the subject : essays in the postmodern theory and practice of biography and biographical criticism
From victim of the "feminine mystique" to heroine of feminist deconstruction : auto/biographical images of Sylvia Plath, 1963-2001
Shakespeare on toast : getting a taste for the bard
The new biography : performing femininity in nineteenth-century France
William Shakespeare : a study of facts and problems. Vol. 2
Mikhail Bulgakov : a critical biography
Jubilee hitchhiker : the life and times of Richard Brautigan
One of the most popular and mysterious figures in American literary history, J.D. Salinger eluded fans and journalists for most of his life. Now comes a new biography. Filled with new information and revelations, garnered from countless interviews, letters, and public records, this work presents his extraordinary life that spanned nearly the entire twentieth century. The author explores Salinger's privileged youth, long obscured by misrepresentation and rumor, revealing the brilliant, sarcastic, vulnerable son of a disapproving father and doting mother and his entrance into a social world where Gloria Vanderbilt dismissively referred to him as a Jewish boy from New York. Here too are accounts of Salinger's first broken heart (Eugene O'Neill's daughter, Oona, left him for the much older Charlie Chaplin) and the devastating World War II service of which he never spoke and which haunted him forever. This work features all the dazzle of his early writing successes, his dramatic encounters with luminaries from Ernest Hemingway to Laurence Olivier to Elia Kazan, his surprising office intrigues with famous New Yorker editors and writers, and the stunning triumph of The Catcher in the Rye, which would both make him world famous and hasten his retreat into the hills of New Hampshire. Whether it is revealing the facts of his hasty, short lived first marriage or his lifelong commitment to Eastern religion, which would dictate his attitudes toward sex, nutrition, solitude, and creativity, this biography is Salinger's unforgettable story in full.
Becoming a poet : Elizabeth Bishop with Marianne Moore and Robert Lowell
Achieving autobiographical form : a twentieth century perspective
Memoirs and madness : Leonid Andreev through the prism of the literary portrait
A choice of inheritance : self and community from Edmund Burke to Robert Frost
Personal loss in Lovecraft and Tolkien
Dostoevsky : the author as psychoanalyst
Biographical research
William Shakespeare : a literary life
Life writing : essays on autobiography, biography and literature
Walt Whitman : critical assessments. Volume 1, The man and the myth : biographical studies
Classical Arabic biography : the heirs of the prophets in the age of al-Maʾmūn
William Shakespeare : a study of facts and problems. Vol. 1
Shakespeare of London
Victorian biography reconsidered : a study of nineteenth-century 'hidden' lives
Russian womenś autobiographical texts in the 1990s : five case studies on the representation of the female "I"
Contemporary novelists
Biography : fiction, fact and form
Autobiographical statements in twentieth-century Russian literature
In quest of the other person : fiction as biography
Approaches to personal identity in Kafka's short fiction : Freud, Darwin, Kierkegaard
Theoretical discussions of biography : approaches from history, microhistory, and life writing
Andromeda and Pegasus : treatment of the themes of entrapment and escape in Edith Wharton's novels
Seeing Chekhov : life and art
Rewriting a life. William S. Burroughs and the evaluation of the writer: a study of Junky, Queer and Naked Lunch as autobiographical accounts of self-purgation
Jovellanos and his English sources : economic, philosophical, and political writings
A companion to Faulkner studies
Victorian quest romance : Stevenson, Haggard, Kipling, and Conan Doyle
D. H. Lawrence's Women in Love : a quest for balanced existence : the realization of the author's world view
"Understanding Graham Swift introduces readers to the entirety of the novelist's career, including his lesser-known short stories. Through close readings, David Malcolm explains the central importance Swift places on the role of history in human life - and on the difficulties of giving an adequate account of that history." "In separate chapters Malcolm considers each of Swift's seven novels, from The Sweet Shop Owner, published in 1980, through The Light of Day, published in 2003. Malcolm explores Swift's presentation of family conflict and emotional and psychological disturbance, his use of complex narrative technique and genre mixture, and his interest in metafictional issues. Malcolm underscores the novelist's debt to earlier writers, most especially George Eliot, Charles Dickens, and William Faulkner, and his recurrent concern with the lives of socially humble characters." "Malcolm discusses the novelist's use of major twentieth-century historical events to shape and deform the lives of his characters; his focus on the distortions and evasions that characterize the discussion of personal, local, and national histories; and his fascination with the complexities, sufferings, and joys that mark individual lives. Malcolm suggests that despite Swift's dark vision of human suffering, he tempers his writing with an intermittent focus on that which can redeem our failures, our losses, and our cruelties."--BOOK JACKET.
William Blake : the poems
Seamus Heaney : the making of the poet
Critical companion to Alice Walker : a literary reference to her life and work
Writing as exorcism : the personal codes of Pushkin, Lermontov, and Gogol
The Cambridge companion to Dostoevskii
Écrire sa vie, vivre son écriture : the autobiographical self-reflection of Annie Ernaux and Marguerite Duras
Questions of power : the politics of women's madness narratives
The nature of biography
J. D. Salinger : a life
"Including original contributions by, among others, Martin Amis, Alan Sillitoe, Ruth Fainlight and D.J. Taylor, this important collection examines the status and practice of literary biography and autobiographical writing, and reasserts the centrality of the relationship between authors' lives and their works"--Provided by publisher.
Coleridge, Wordsworth and the language of allusion
Anaïs Nin and her critics
Shakespeare's lives
The art of biography in Antiquity
