http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11167 image (profile)
image (profile)
Communicating brand image attributes in advertainment film content : a multimodal perspective to meaning making in The Hire by BMW Films
Image processing : a management perspective
Not your ordinary librarian : debunking the popular preseptions of librarians
Applied impression management : how image-making affects managerial decisions
The image of Switzerland as travel destination
Reputation management
Mandatory biodiversity conservation : competitiveness versus green image effects
Monitoring public perception of organisations
Brand identity and image : case Kiinteistömaailma
Company reputation and image analysis : case: Game Central
Luxury hotels : communicating brand identity
Reputation and cultural influences : the constituents of reputation of the University of Jyväskylä for its international degree students and postgraduates
Jazz icons : heroes, myths and the jazz tradition
Company and employer image
The image of the oriental Muslim women in the western discourse
Traces the journey of Indian companies in building corporate reputation (CR). This book addresses CR in the Indian context and is in response to the growing interest of companies in this area. It explains the process of building, maintaining and strategising for CR.
An intergovernmental organization and its reputation according to politicians : case: the United Nations in Finland
Reframing strategic corporate responsibility : from economic instrumentalism and stakeholder thinking to awareness and sustainable development
Abstract.
European luxury brands made in China : the effect of low-cost country manufacturing on brand image and purchase decisions
"When you shop with us, you are choosing beauty with heart" : constucting corporate and consumer identities in corporate social responsibility discourse
Marketing of Finland as a tourist destination in France
The images of the Japanese in the Western World
Dynamics and performativity of imagination : the image between the visible and the invisible
Destination image of Finland : survey of tourism professional's attitudes
Abstract: The Stylist : Becoming a Professional Image Consult. I wrote my thesis about the stylist and its agendas. The thesis purpose was to provide information on how to become a professional image consult, namely a stylist.  My thesis will tell the techniques, the technical tips, and the information on what a stylist does and where this career path can be used. The present thesis will also teach the student about the lessons, what a young student needs to learn before stepping into the professional field itself.  My thesis will inform also the students about what a stylist needs take into consideration before becoming involved with the career of a stylist. Such matters include e.g. different body types, colors, portfolio book, contact book, clients, different stylists etc. The present thesis is a qualitative various scholars and specialists have been consulted about the fashion industry's heroes, the stylists.
Corporate reputation decoded : building, managing and strategising for corporate excellence
Image of the marketing programme at HSE
Highlighting the ways that digital media can be used in interdisciplinary curricula, 'Images & Identity' brings together ideas from art and citizenship teachers in the Czech Republic, Germany, Ireland, Malta, Portugal, and the UK on producing online curriculum materials. This book offers a practical strategy for ways that these different subjects can be taught. The first part of the book explores issues of art and citizenship education within a European context, while the second part contains case studies of curriculum experiments that can be applied to global classrooms. It will be of great interest to students and teachers of art and citizenship education--Provided by publisher.
Snæfellsnes as a brand : a study in regional brand identity
Image makers : advertising, public relations and the ethos of advocacy
The new road to successful advertising : how the integrate image and response
An authentic, unique and memorable destination image is of crucial importance to be competitive in the long-term. Verena Schwaighofer analyses the currently transferred image of the United Arab Emirates as a tourist destination and to what extent the traditional Arabian culture is integrated into the image strategies of image developers in this country. First of all, a detailed theoretical overview referring to various image types, the current image transfer including critical topics related to the religion of Islam, womens role in society, behaviour, body language and dress code and the open-mindedness of the United Arab Emirates regarding local traditions related to the religion of Islam, is given. In the empirical part, a mixed method, including a qualitative media analysis (focusing on print and new media of image developers as well as newspaper articles published by journalists in the United Arab Emirates and the surrounding countries) and qualitative expert interviews are selected as appropriate research methodology. Contents Image and Destination Brands The Image of the United Arab Emirates The traditional Arabian Culture Target Groups Researchers and students in the fields of management and innovation in tourism Executives in these areas The Author Verena Schwaighofer wrote her master thesis under the supervision of Prof. Dr. Sc. Othmar M. Lehner at the Department of Innovation and Management in Tourism at Fachhochschule Salzburg, Austria.
Building an online service brand by using integrated marketing communications
Winning the reputation game : creating stakeholder value and competitive advantage
The purpose of this thesis was to research the television adverts and marketing communication of Panda. Three different television adverts were chosen from Panda's advertising campaigns and analysed in detail. Their features, such as the idea, visual image, message and language, main character and its role, and effectiveness were examined. The influence of advertising on consumer behaviour was also analysed. This thesis also concentrated on coherency between the messages delivered through television advertising and the overall marketing communication objectives. In addition to this, image and brand building through advertising was examined. The research process was based on a case study analysis of the advertising of Panda. Information regarding Panda's communication and business objectives and how to turn them into effective marketing communication activities was acquired by interviewing the marketing director of Panda. The results of the research were very positive. The three analysed adverts of Panda each have a good idea supporting their main objectives, both in introducing the new product and promoting it. They also support the brand and build up images of a happy, warm, and close brand. Panda has achieved their goal of bringing their core values into advertising and marketing communication, and each advert presents this. Television advertising is an effective medium and helps in raising awareness about new products by reaching its target groups. Finland is a small country when it comes to the amount of inhabitants but people are spread out to all parts of the country, and television advertising can reach them all simultaneously. The purpose of advertising is to influence consumers. This is done by building up positive images of the products and the company itself, by raising interest and in the end creating a purchase need. Behavioural impacts are achieved by appealing to viewers' emotions. According to the results of the analysis, television advertising is profitable and beneficial for this company, even though it is not the most cost efficient advertising option. However, it ultimately does pay off, as can be seen by the good results achieved through it.
The purpose of this thesis was identify the concepts of company image and employer image, is there any differences between them and how to take them as part of company's strategy. In addition, one goal was to find out whether companies in Finland find employer image important and which actions, if any, they take in order to enhance their employer image. The research material is based on literature as well as a survey which purpose was to take hold in more of the importance of the employer image. In the theory part of this thesis the company and employer image concepts are first explained, following with more detailed description of how these two concepts should be taken in to company's strategy and what action should company take in order to maintain them as a part of the company's management processes. The study carried out in autumn 2009. The questionnaire were formulated for the management personnel of different companies in Finland and it studied this target group's views of the importance of the employer image and what activities they prefer for enhancing their employer image in the eyes of their current employees as well as the desired employees. The results of the survey were compared to theory part's findings of employer image. The main findings of the survey were that the majority of the companies in Finland find the employer image very important and that they want to put effort on it also in the future in order to attract more suitable employees to their organization which also improves their organization's performance and profitability. In addition, one of the main findings of this thesis was that company and employer image concepts do have some differences as their aim is different even though the processes are fairly similar. There cannot be a good company image if the  employer image is poor and vice versa.
Places : identity, image and reputation
Heart & soul : a celebration of black music style in America 1930-1975
Observations on international tourism communications : Americas
Rethinking reputation : how PR trumps marketing and advertising in the new media world
Sociology of science. Unit two
The company image : building your identity and influence in the marketplace
Istanbul Inspirations - Case: A Study on the Accessibility of Historical Attractions
Branding UNESCO : constructing organization image through audiovisual reprentations
Hotel AVA's brand image research
Tourist behaviour research : What motivates Russian travellers to revisit North Karelia
The main propose of this thesis is to find out the brand identity and brand image of Hotel AVA, and offer the hotel manager advises form a strategic level based on the comparison between the brand identity and the brand image of the hotel. The first part of this paper is a general introduction of Hotel AVA. The second part it the theory part, in which different theories of brand identity and brand image from different perspectives are listed and compared. The compurgation of different views points from different scholars gives a clear view about how the brand image is associ-ated with consumers' personal experiences. The qualitative research method was chosen for this study. The data was collected by interview and e-mail based on different situations. And give that the brand image is often associated with customers' personal experiences. After the research and data analysis, the hotel manager will get a better understanding about the current brand im-age of Hotel AVA. The findings show that the brand identity and the brand image of Hotel AVA are consistent. And finally this paper gives some suggestions for further research.
Preception and creation of corporate images: Case: Production of a marketing video for HAAGA-HELIA
Representations and images of Finnish universities on their official webpages : a multimodal discourse analytical study
Creating a brand identity for Promotion Point Oy
The case of California
Images and identity : educating citizenship through visual arts
Building corporate identity : case JC Finland Oy
Finland's destination image as perceived by english university students
Guoji guanxi yu rentong zhengzhi = International relations and politics of identity
Abraham Lincoln and the forge of national memory
Event marketing as a promotional tool : a study of Philip Morris International
Measuring image of a city : a qualitative approach with case example
Competitiveness and perceived image : case study: Tanzania
Globalization, and through this better accessibility to the whole world, has created more competition between cities. This has highlighted the importance of having a good city image. Attractive city image can bring competitive advantage to the city, which is why cities use more and more branding to bring up their unique characteristics and to position themselves. Brands are used to attach meaning and create added value to the city and this way attract visitors, investors, business and new residents. The products and services that the city provides for its visitors form the place experience, which is a vital part in the formation of a place image in the mind of the visitor. Hotels provide intangible services to the visitors and form a part of the creation of the place experience.    Managing a positive image requires collaboration between different organizations. Hotels are stakeholders of the city, because they both affect on each other. In addition in tourism industry collaboration can provide competitive advantage and bring benefits for both parties involved. Good collaboration requires efficient communication with the stakeholders, where the most important thing is to take consideration the needs and interests of the stakeholders.    The aim of the thesis is to form an overall picture on how the city and the hotels in Breda perceive the hotels' role and influence in the city image. The research aims to find out how the hotels perceive the city image, how the hotels can support the image and branding of the city and what kind of co-operation there is between the hotels and the city. In addition it is researched how the co-operation and city image could be strengthened to attract more overnight tourists to the city.    The empirical part of the thesis was based on qualitative research method. The empirical data consists of semi-structured interviews. It was collected by interviewing a representative from the city of Breda as well as persons in managerial positions at the hotels in Breda. The data was processed by transcribing the tape recorded interviews and using categorization method to analyse the contents.    Hotels' role in supporting the city image of Breda was seen important regarding marketing activities. Hotels and the city saw that the hotels do have some influence on the city image, though not big, but hotels' marketing activities were seen as an important tool in supporting the city image. The city and the hotels had some co-operation regarding marketing activities. Hotels saw that the communication with the city could be enhanced. Hotel's size had influence on the fact how hotels saw their influence on the city image and regarding the eagerness towards more co-operational and communicational activities with the city.
Austria in literature
The Hummer : myths and consumer culture
Internal branding in business-to-business environment : measuring holistic brand image through employee brand perceptions
Niche : why the market no longer favours the mainstream
Visual management : modernization of a brand image
Brand extension : moving away from an established brand image
Stubborn and silent Finns with 'sisu' in Finnish-American literature : an imagological study of Finnishness in the literary production of Finnish-American authors
CORPORATE REPUTATION EVALUATION AND SERVICE QUALITY  : Case study Hotel Astor
The Oxford handbook of corporate reputation
Customer perception of service, store image and product assortment : from an interior store perspective
Transition to a new online recruitment service  : case: Ministry of the Interior
Ecodesign of hybrid paperboard tray : sustainable and eco- appearance in packaging
Public relations practitioners' professional identity : a Finnish perspective
Jewish images in the media
Customer behavior and customer expectations in Maxi cafeteria
Living the brand : how to transform every member of your organization into a brand champion
Winning PR in the wired world : powerful communication strategies for the noisy digital space
Country Image : Case Romania
Morocco : branding of a nation
Public relations marketing : making a splash without much cash
"She ain't heavy, she's my wife!" : the representation of the Wife Carrying World Championships in the English-language press
The Brand Image versus the Brand Identity ‎of a New Brand ‎ : Case RIPS Ruis Snack
Madonna as postmodern myth : how one star's self-construction rewrites sex, gender, Hollywood, and the American dream
Image vs. Reality in a Receptionist's Job
The Stylist : Becoming a Professional Image Consult
Abstract: Destination image of Saint Petersburg : use of meme maps.
Broadcast sponsorship; modifying brand image and expanding target audience through programme choice
"Revealing new stories and reviving forgotten tales" : representations of Finnishness on the English-language websites of Finnish design companies
The Influence of Social Media on Establishing A Restaurant's Image nd Reputation : Case study The Kafe Village Restaurant
The Image of Tampere in Social Media
When you picture a librarian, what do you imagine? An old white woman with glasses and a prudish disposition? That is the image that many people conjure up when asked to picture a librarian; with 82 per cent of the professional force being female and the average age of a librarian at 45, coupled with popular stereotypical images, it is difficult to dispute the perceptions. But there is more to librarians than meets the eye. This book will explore the origin of the image and popular media images of the librarian, in addition to the effects of the stereotype, and the challenges to the perception of librarians today.
The Motivating Factors in Alternative Touring and the Varying Image of a Tourist Destination : Case study: Original Berlin Tours & Berlin
Observations on international tourism communications : Africa
Hyping the destination image through the rich and (in) famous : the boundaries of name dropping
Be your own brand : a breakthrough formula for standing out from the crowd
Reputation management : a study of leading Finnish companies
The corporate image of Rautaruukki : a reception study and textual analysis of Rautaruukki's brochures, advertisements and Internet pages
Essays on scientism, romanticism and social realist images of science
Ongoing crisis communication : planning, managing, and responding
Corporate communication
LogoPower : creating world-class logos and effective identities
The corporate image research case Dynaset Oy
Content marketing and the significance of corporate branding
Japan as represented in European media : its analytical methodologies and theories - in comparison with Korean cases
Employer Brand and Great Place to Work as Perceived by Generation Y Employees - Case Ravintolakolmio-ryhmä
Hotel's role in supporting the city image
Managing the corporate image
Assessment of customer relationships and suggestions for improvement: Case: Marine&Hydraulics Finland Ltd
Image and brand development of a destination : case Helsinki
Images in the works : a cultural history of John Lennon's rock stardom
Destination image and brand element familiarity among foreign tourists
Culture and community : tourism studies in Eastern and Southern Africa
Co-creation of corporate brand through stakeholder relationships in B2B SMEs
Image study of Lapin Liitto
Summary.
How to become a star : 12 simple steps to celebrity & fame : image, talent, auditions, media
Place branding is happening. A new field of practice and study is in existence and whatever we choose to call it there can no longer be any doubt that it is with us. This collection of intuitive and well-reserached articles examines how places and regions see themselves, and how they reflect this in their branding.
Benefits and best practices for brand building within the mobile marketing industry: Case: RapidBlue Solutions Oy
What can the Beijing 2008 olympic games bring to Chinese sports brands? : by evaluating its value-adding significance
Images of organization
Services marketing and building an image for pre-production
Football image profile and fan values
The Japanese stereotyped images of Finland
Oulu district as a location choice for international companies
Employer image among summer trainees 2010: Case Wärtsilä Finland Oy
Marketing and image research : case study: Integrata Oy
Images, icons, and the Irish nationalist imagination
Development of sevice quality to enhance customers satisfaction
Brand in Business-to-Business Market : case: Raflatac's merchant business
Sport, tourism and national identities
Analysis of the Mexican tourism industry : the effects caused by the drug related violance in Northen Mexico
The best in restaurant corporate identity
Brand research : case study: The Finnish Science Centre Heureka
Workplace communication for the 21st century : tools and strategies that impact the bottom line. Volume 1, Internal workplace communication. Volume 2, External workplace communication
The image of the Czech Republic as a tourist destination from the viewpoints of Finns
Measuring the perceived destination image of Vietnam in Finland
Tourist destination images and local culture : using the example of the United Arab Emirates
Taking brand initiative : how companies can align strategy, culture, and identity through corporate branding
Speak easy : the essential guide to speaking in public
City tourism : national capital perspectives
The private life : why we remain in the dark
Images of 'America' in conflict
Branding Finland on the Internet : images and stereotypes in Finland's tourism marketing
Building brand awareness for Vuarnet : case company: Face Sun Ltd
Maximizing the buying volumes of company X
Corporate media production
Matching product and country images - the image of Finnish high design furniture in the eyes of Italian consumers
Perception of the Arctic as Tourism Destination and Perspectives of its Utilization by Tourism Industry in Finnish Lapland
Prairie, Paprika, Puli  The impact of hungaricums on the country image of Hungary
The purpose of this thesis is to study what motivates Russian travellers to revisit North Karelia. In the theoretical part, this study concentrates on revisit intention and on sub-concepts which influence the decision to revisit. Travel motivation, destination image and Russian tourist behaviour are under investigation in light of revisit intention. The data was gathered in three days in December 2010 at the Niirala International Border Crossing Point where 133 arriving Russians -excluding first-time visitors and travellers going outside North Karelia- were questioned on-site. The questions were in the form of a Likert-scale and only a few of them were open-ended questions. The analyses were done with SPSS-Software, and by using cross tabulations it was possible to investigate associations between two separate variables. The results revealed that 80 % of Russian travellers who were satisfied with their visit and intend to recommend their destination will revisit North Karelia. The effect of quantity of prior visit towards intention to revisit is also strong. Russian travellers are motivated to travel to North Karelia by getting a break from the routine, shopping and relaxation possibilities and there is a strong association between the two previously mentioned motivators and intention to revisit. Importance-Performance Analysis revealed that Russians are not satisfied with the given effort of customer servants` competence in Russian. Russian travellers see North Karelia as a shopping destination which is safe and with possibilities to relax.
The supermodel and the vagabond : a dissociation of the arts and letters
The Image of HI-Hostels amongst Membership Organisations
Introducing public relations : theory and practice
The image of Hotel Kämp : perceptions of customers, staff, and management
A study of brand image : case Nightclub Bra
Image-makers : professional styling, hair and make-up
Brand and marketing from finnish and swedish distributor's point of view : case: Kalevala Koru Ltd
Social media in employer brand communication: Focus on SMEs in Finland. Case study: Smarp Oy
An analysis of consumer awareness and image of WTC Ceresta
Sports sponsorship in Nigeria : why are corporate sponsors involved and are they deriving value?
The accidental feminist : how Elizabeth Taylor raised our consciousness and we were too distracted by her beauty to notice
It's all about the song : the praxis of artist branding in the Finnish recording industry
The Elusive fan : reinventing sports in a crowded marketplace
The secrets of successful public relations and image-making
Destination image of Saint Petersburg : use of meme maps
The fame formula : how Hollywood's fixers, fakers and star makers created the celebrity industry
Destination identity of an emerging market : the case of Vietnam
Subliminal persuasion : influence and marketing secrets they don't want you to know
Values and attributes of volleyball by the fans in the FIVB Men's World Championships 2014
High visibility : the professional guide to celebrity marketing
Trust and credibility : a conceptual analysis with a special focus on Finnish business environment
What makes a passenger ship a legend : the future of the concept of legend in the passenger shipping industry
Police's image in social media
Customer satisfaction research : case: Naantalin Aurinkoinen Oy
This thesis is a customer satisfaction research and current state analysis for Naantalin Aurinkoinen Oy. The company is one of the leading café/bakery/confectionery chains with 13 places of business in Southern Finland. Customers are the basis for every business. To be able to survive in the competitive business field companies must know their customers; how they think, act and behave. Customer satisfaction research is one method of finding out how the company is being seen. Good reputation is priceless so companies need to pay attention to image and identity. Customers ask for good service and quality products. Satisfaction is the sum of many things and worth to nurture. When customers are satisfied they will spread the positive word around and when unsatisfied the word spreads even faster. Companies need to pay attention to the quality of its service and products, both of them affect the image.The theoretical part of this quantitative thesis studies image and identity, customer service and satisfaction and the quality around them. It discussed the importance of corporate image management, identity communication and overall awareness of the brand. Marketing of the brand plays a major role for image. Companies need to know how to communicate its services and products. Customer service is being looked at from the experience and quality point of view, how companies can create a working service package. Customer satisfaction is measurable and precious information that companies should collect. With questionnaires for example companies can receive the existing customer profiles, types and the rate of satisfaction. The thesis case study focuses on the results gathered from a questionnaire.^The statements concentrated on tastiness of products, price-quality ratio of the products, the quality of service, atmosphere, cleanliness, ability to regenerate and the overall opinion of the concept and recommendations. The data was collected from ten cafés during November 2014 and the total number of answers were 981. This study shows that customers appreciate good service and are ready to pay a little extra to receive it with tasty products. At the same time, customer are very price sensitive and critical about the product and service experience; eager to give feedback. Sometimes the excellent and friendly customer service can bypass the other factors during the café visit. Even the atmosphere consist the service and not only the outlook of the premises. Women and men ranked statements differently but the differences are not huge. The different age groups vary in some degrees.The biggest customer group was found to be people 61 years or older and more women than men seems to visit the cafés.
This thesis concentrates on three major subjects: luxury hotels, the affluent consumer and brand identity. The paper begins with a literature review of the aforementioned subjects and continues with an empirical research of luxury hotel websites. The objective of this thesis is to determine how luxury hotel brands communicate their brand identity to their customers on their websites. In order to achieve this goal it was important to understand the attributes of luxury hotels and the characteristics of their consumers. Furthermore theory on brands and communicating brand identity was presented. The empirical research was conducted as a content analysis was conducted of a sample of ten luxury hotel brand websites. The data was then analysed based on the theoretical background. Luxury products and services are vastly consumed in this current age. It is important to know what the luxury industry constitutes of and further understand those individuals who consume these luxury products. As there are many players in the contemporary luxury hotel market, it is essential to know what luxury hotels stand for today. Research has shown that there is an ever growing importance of exceptional experiences and the exclusive services provided by a luxury hotel. Luxury consumers are defined less by their socio-demographic profile and more by their behaviour. In addition to the demographic attributes of a High Net Worth Individual, it is essential to recognise the behavioural characteristics, which motivate consumers to buy luxury products and services.Brands are the most distinguishing factor of luxury. Brands provide added value to both guests and hotel companies by providing tangibility to what is essentially intangible. A strong brand should have a strong and clear brand identity  a set of associations the brand strategist seeks to create or maintain.The findings of the content analysis of the luxury hotel websites showed great emphasis on the history, exclusivity and individuality in experiences and services of luxury hotels. The brand identities of each brand were analysed based on the brand identity representation of Aaker. The identity which was communicated the strongest on the website was that of Mandarin Oriental Hotel Group. They had the most coherent brand identity in all materials and the vision, mission and values matched the imagery and characteristics seen throughout the website.
High visibility : transforming your personal and professional brand
Image as an important factor of destination management
Corporate online presence : a study of eight Finnish exporting companies' corporate websites
Success story-creating songs about history! : sabaton, branding and storytelling in heavy metal music
The image differences of Finland and Sweden in France
Branding New York : how a city in crisis was sold to the world
Achieving marketing communication objectives through advertising : case study Oy Panda Ab
Image effects in the industrial market
Halti brand image research : distributors' and retailers' perceptions
Generation of artist's brand image in fine art licensing business
The gap between brand identity and brand image: case Stålhane Oy
The cult of celebrity : what our fascination with the stars reveals about us
