http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11113 art magazines
art magazines
The magazine
Nka : journal of contemporary African art
Hi-fructose. collected edition 1, [volume 1]
Mousse is a bimonthly magazine published in Italian and English. Established in 2006, Mousse contains interviews, conversations, and essays by some of the most important figures in international criticism, visual arts, and curating today, alternated with a series of distinctive articles in a unique tabloid format. Mousse keeps tabs on international trends in contemporary culture thanks to its city editors in major art capitals such as Berlin, New York, London, Paris, and Los Angeles.---
Seven days in the art world / Sarah Thornton
FAT. 2013
On the centenary of the World of Art / Vladimir Kruglov
Hand, head and heart : Samuel Carter Hall and the Art journal
Revisionaries : a decade of art in Tokion
Public art review
The Dada reader : a critical anthology / edited by Dawn Ades
Rab-rab : journal for political and formal inquiries in art
Behind the zines : self-publishing culture
"Introduces a cutting-edge selection of international zines and examines their role as a catalyst in the evolution of media and graphic design today. The book presents the broad range of existing zines that combine thought-provoking content with compelling design: from project-oriented portfolios and (pseudo) scientific treatises to playrooms where creatives can run riot and publications in which the printing process significantly influences aesthetics. It not only describes the key factors that distinguish various zines, but--through interviews with people involved in their production and distribution--also sheds light on various strategies for this evolving media form."--Publisher's website.
How : the bottomline design magazine
Parkett. 77, Trisha Donnelly, Carsten Höller, Rudolf Stingel, insert: Beth Coleman & Howard Goldkrand
Parkett : Monica Bonvicini, Richard Prince, Urs Fischer
Trash magazine
Parkett. 87, Annette Kelm, Katharina Fritsch, Cerith Wyn Evans, Kelley Walker
Diaghilev : creator of the Ballets Russes : art, music, dance : [Barbican Art Gallery, Barbican Centre, London, 25 January - 14 April 1996] / edited and with text by Ann Kodicek with contributions by Rosamund Bartlett ... [et al.]
Artforum international
The Danish art historian Julius Lange, his attitude to trends in art history in Europe and his collaboration with Scandinavian colleagues / Marianne Marcussen
Art libraries journal and Arlis/UK & Ireland news-sheet ten-year index 1986-1995 / compiled by J. P. Hopson
Blind spot
Merz to emigre and beyound : avant-garde magazine of the twentieth century / Steven Heller
Behind the facts : Interfunktionen 1968-1975 : [Fundació Joan Miró, Barcelona, February 20 - May 2, 2004, : Museu de Arte Contemporânea de Serralves, Porto, July 23 - October 3, 2004 :  Kunsthalle Fridericianum, Kassel, December 11, 2004 - February 27, 20 / edited by Gloria Moure
During the 1960s and 1970s, magazines became an important new site of artistic practice, functioning as an alternative exhibition space for the dematerialized practices of conceptual art. Allen looks at the most important of these magazines in their heyday and compiles an illustrated directory of hundreds of others.
Design and crime : and other diatribes
Eighty
Visual images or words? : some thoughts on art journals
Parkett. 89. Caroline von Heyl, Haegue Yang, Mark Bradford, Oscar Tuazon
Framer : a magazine about art above the rest
Kabinet : an anthology : Stedelijk Museum, [February 7 - April 6, 1997] / [anthology editor: Viktor Mazin]
The work of architects : the Finnish Association of Architects 1892-1992 / edited by Pekka Korvenmaa
Parkett. 82, Louise Bourgeois, Paweł Althamer, Rachel Harrison
The graphic culture of the World of Art / Elena Petinova
Universal colours : European Union Migrants Artists Network magazine
Blast 1 / edited by Wyndham Lewis ; foreword by Paul Edwards
Parkett : Olaf Breuning, Richard Phillips, Keith Tyson, Insert: Dan Perjovschi
Hi-fructose : collected edition. 2
Papercraft inspirations : e-lehti
BBC music magazine : the complete guide to classic music : e-lehti
Flash Art XXI years : two decades of history / Giancarlo Politi
Finnish art magazine
Form function Finland : Helsinki
Framework : the finnish art review
Artists of La Revue Blanche : Bonnard, Toulouse-Lautrec, Vallotton, Vuillard ; exhibition : Memorial Art Gallery of the University of Rochester, January 22 - April 15, 1984, Rochester, New York / essays by Bret Waller, Grace Seiberling
Siksi : the Nordic art review : Nordens konsttidskrift
Flash art
The World of Art as the world of art / Vladimir Lenyashin
De Stijl continued : the journal Structure (1958-1964) : an artists' debate / Jonneke Jobse
The art press : two centuries of art magazines : essays published for the Art Libraries Society on the occasion of the International conference on art periodicals and the exhibition The Art Press at the Victoria and Albert Museum, London / ed. by Trevor Fawcett & Clive Phillpot
Artforum international : Helsinki
Parkett. 83, Robert Frank, Wade Guyton, Christopher Wool
Art in America
Flash art international
Finnish photomagazine respects the image
HESA inprint
The St Petersburg - Helsinki axis one hundred years ago / Soili Sinisalo
A-Â : žurnal neoficial'nogo russkogo iskusstva 1979-1986 = A-Ya : Unofficial Russian art review 1979-1986
Apollo : the international magazine of the arts
October
Undercover surrealism : Georges Bataille and DOCUMENTS
Twenty years of form and function
Flash art : Helsinki
Afterimage : the journal of media arts and cultural criticism in the social and decision sciences
The Germ : origins and progenies of Pre-Raphaelite interart aesthetics
Framework : the Finnish art review
Domus : international review of architecture, design, art, communication
Art periodicals : papers of the 2nd European Conference of the Art Libraries of IFLA = Périodiques d'art : actes du 2ème Colloque Européen des Bibliothèques d'Art de IFLA = Kunstzeitschriften : Akten des 2. Europäischen IFLA Kolloquiums der Kunstbibliothe / Organised by Overleg Kunsthistorische Bibliotheken in Nederland ; Edited by Koos Wynia...[et al.]
Artists' magazines : an alternative space for art
Frieze : contemporary art and culture
Parkett : 20 years of Parkett, Christian Marclay, Wilhelm Sasnal, Gillian Wearing, Insert
Parkett : 20 years of artists' collaborations : [Kunsthaus Zürich, from November 26. 2004 until February 13. 2005] / Mirjam Varadinis
Electronic literature publishing and distribution in Europe
Finnish dance in focus
Black & white : for collectors of fine photography
Why a contemporary art newspaper? A letter from Belgrade
