http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11127 multinational forces
multinational forces
Reclaiming the local in movements against inequality : a view from the U.S
Abstract.
Cultural diversity and global media : the mediation of difference
Beer, bacon and bullets : culture in coalition warfare from Gallipoli to Iraq
NATO in the first decade after the Cold War
The Afghanistan challenge : hard realities and strategic choices
Evaluating peace operations
Toward a European army : a military power in the making?
Multiculturalism, postcoloniality, and transnational media
The least of all possible evils : humanitarian violence from Arendt to Gaza
Ethnic minorities and the media : changing cultural boundaries
European strategic culture revisited : the ends and means of a militarised European Union
Multinational military forces : problems and prospects
The principle of the lesser evil -- the acceptability of pursuing one exceptional course of action in order to prevent a greater injustice -- has long been a cornerstone of Western ethical philosophy. From its roots in classical ethics and Christian theology, to Hannah Arendt's exploration of the work of the Jewish Councils during the Nazi regime, the author explores its development in three key transformations of the problem: the defining intervention of Medecins Sans Frontisres in mid-1980s in Ethiopia ; the separation wall in Israel-Palestine ; and international and human rights law in Bosnia, Gaza and Iraq. Drawing on a wealth of new research, the author charts the latest manifestation of this age-old idea. In doing so he shows how military and political intervention acquired a new humanitarian acceptability and legality in the late twentieth and early twenty-first centuries.
Contesting the frontiers : media and dimensions of identity
The formation and role of the Kosovo Security Force
The reader's guide to the NATO Summit in Washington, 23-25 April 1999.
NATO's "peace enforcement" tasks and "policy communities" : 1990-1999
Reflecting the burgeoning academic interest in issues of nation, race, gender, sexuality, and other axes of identity, Multiculturalism, Postcoloniality, and Transnational Media brings all of these concerns under the same umbrella, contending that these issues must be discussed in relation to each other. Communities, societies, nations, and even entire continents, the book suggests, exist not autonomously but rather in a densely woven web of connectedness. To explore this complexity, the editors have forged links between usually compartmentalized fields (especially media studies, literary theory, visual culture, and critical anthropology) and areas of inquiry-particularly postcolonial and diasporic studies and a diverse set of ethnic and area studies. This book, which links all these issues in suggestive ways, provides an indispensable guide for students and scholars in a wide variety of disciplines. Essays in this groundbreaking volume include Julianne Burton-Carvajal on ethnic identity in Lone Star; Manthia Diawara on diasporic documentary; Hamid Naficy on independent transnational film genres; Robyn Wiegman on whiteness studies; Faye Ginsburg on indigenous media; and Jennifer Gonzßles on race in cyberspace; Ana M. Lopez on modernity and Latin American cinema; and Inderpal Grewal and Caren Kaplan on Warrior Marks and multiculturalism and globalization.
The elusive quest for European security : from EDC to CFSP
Nobody told us we are defeated : stories from the new Iraq
