http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11154 drawers (visual artists)
drawers (visual artists)
Tom Poulton : the secret art of an English gentleman
Batman : the complete history : the life and times of the dark knight
The afterlife of a certain Tom of Finland...and some after-thoughts
The complete Peanuts. 1950 to 1952
Drawing monsters & heroes for film & comics : the drawings of Kerry Gammill
Forging a new medium : the comic strip in the nineteenth century
The complete peanuts. 1959 to 1960
Marc Davis : Walt Disney's renaissance man
Eagle annual : the best of the 1960s comic
We really love you
Tintin and the secret of literature
Lines of vision : drawings by contemporary women
Carl Barks : conversations
Jack Cole and Plastic Man : forms stretched to their limits!
Aubrey Beardsley : sixty selected drawings
Tintin : the art of Hergé : from the archives of the Hergé Museum
The golden age of Batman : the greatest covers of detective comics from the '30s to the '50s
The complete peanuts. 1989 to 1990
Comic artists-Asia : Manga Manhwa Manhua
Carl Barks and the Disney comic book : unmasking the myth of modernity
The prehistory of the Far Side : a 10th anniversary exhibit
Drawings [of] Edgar Degas
The sweeter side of R. Crumb
Maurice Sendak : a celebration of the artist and his work
Peanuts : a golden celebration : the art and the story of the world's best-loved comic strip
Mirror of dreams
The complete Kodak animation book
Drawing jewels for fashion
The drawings of Raphael : with a complete catalogue
Once upon a time Walt Disney : the sources of inspiration for the Disney Studios
The art of Sin City
The complete peanuts. 1975 to 1976
Carl Barks' surviving comic book art
Figure drawing fashion. 2
You Don't Look 35, Charlie Brown!
Emile Cohl, caricature, and film
Norman Rockwell : a classic treasury
Comics creators on X-Men
Tall Buildings : Structural Systems and Aerodynamic Form
The rupture between signifier and signified
Charles M. Schulz : conversations
Walt Disney's nine old men : the flipbooks
Oh panoptic fiction!
You don't look 35, Charlie Brown!
The art and flair of Mary Blair : an appreciation
Manga : masters of the art
Contemporary graphic artists : a biographical, bibliographical, and critical guide to current illustrators, animators, cartoonists, designers, and other graphic artists. Vol. 3
Humorous illustration : top artists of our time talk about their work
Art school : a complete painters course
The John Buscema sketchbook
Hiroshima : the autobiography of Barefoot Gen
Krazy Kat : the comic art of George Herriman
Creating comics! : 47 master artists reveal the techniques and inspiration behind their comic genius
The Acme and Chris Ware : rytmi veressä
Bonzo : the life and work of George Studdy
Comix : the underground revolution
William Heath Robinson
Tintin : the complete companion
Contemporary graphic artists : a biographical, bibliographical and critical guide to current illustrators, animators, cartoonists, designers and other graphic artists. Vol. 1
Hi, how are you? : the life, art & music of Daniel Johnston
The classic era of American comics
Dirty pictures : Tom of Finland, masculinity and homosexuality
The art of Daniel Clowes : modern cartoonist
Tom of Finland : daddy and the muscle academy
Masters of caricature : from Hogarth and Gillray to Scarfe and Levine
On the estate: memoirs of Russia before the Revolution
Manga impact! : the world of Japanese animation
The real Rembrandt : the search for a genius
Revelations : the art of Max Bertolini
The De Sade of Finnish comics / Harri Römpötti
Comic art now : the very best in contemporary comic art and illustration
The someday funnies
Like a princess!
It's a good life, if you don't weaken : [a picture novella]
Benign icons : Patrick Woodroffe's world
Gare du Nord : an anthology of comics from Finland, Norway, Sweden, Denmark and Iceland = une anthologie de bandes dessinées de la Finlande, la Norvège, la Suède, le Danemark et l'Islande
Contemporary graphic artists. 2, a biographical, bibliographical and critical guide ..
The art of cars. 2
Comic book rebels : conversations with the creators of the new comics
Jimmy Corrigan : the smartest Kid on earth
The complete Peanuts. 1959 to 1960
Lee Falk - storyteller : [creator of Mandrake the magician and The Phantom]
The use of markers in fashion illustrations = Modezeichnen mit Markern
Who's who in graphic art : an illustrated book of reference to the world's leading graphic designers, illustrators, typographers and cartoonists = répertoire illustré des artistes graphiques, illustratéurs. typographes et caricaturistes de classe internationale = ein internationales illustriertes Handbuch führender Gebrauchsgraphiker, Illustratoren, Typographen und Karikaturisten
Great cartoonists : and their art
The comics journal : special edition Winter 2002.. Volume one, Cartoonists on cartooning
The complete Peanuts. 1953 to 1954
Hergé : the man who created Tintin
Rise of the New York skyscraper 1865-1913
The R. Crumb sketchbook. Vol. 3 : [1966]
The best of Beardsley
Women and the comics
Figure drawing for fashion
Drawing cartoons that sell!
Drawn from memory : containing many of the author's famous cartoons and sketches
A Star is Born? : Juha Kosonen a presentation
Exemplum : model-book drawings and the practice of artistic transmission in the Middle Ages (ca. 900 - ca. 1470)
Will Eisner : champion of the graphic novel
Modern caricaturists
The art of caricature
Comic book confidential
Tom of Finland : daddy and the muscle academy : special edition DVD
Details in architectural rendering
Animation now!
Don Bluth's the art of animation drawing
Anime : a history
Tove Jansson : work and love
The dark Man
Tove Jansson : life, art, words : the authorised biography / Boel Westin ; translated by Silvester Mazzarella
Florentine drawings of the sixteenth century
The art of Emily the Strange
Chuck amuck : the life and times of an animated cartoonist
Hergé : son of Tintin
The art of Neil Gaiman
Uncle Scrooge's Money Bin : Carl Barks' satire on the capitalist ethic in the Disney Comic
The book of Schuiten
Figure drawing for fashion design
The comics journal. [Vol.] 302
The complete guide to fashion illustration
Beardsley and his world
The complete peanuts. 1950 to 1952
