http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11182 sugar plants
sugar plants
Referat.
Environmental impacts of sugar production : the cultivation and processing of sugarcane and sugar beet
The protection of sugarcane and sugar beets, January 1979 - February 1988 : citations from AGRICOLA concerning diseases and other environmental considerations
The Cambridge world history of food. Vol. 1
Meat and bone meal (MBM) is a by-product of the meat industry and is an important pathway for recycling of N and P. MBM contains about 8% N, 5% P, 1% K and 10% Ca. Field trials compared the effects of MBM and mineral  fertilizer on yield and quality of sugar beet (2008-2009) and carrot (2010-2011) in Finland. MBM fertilisation of sugar beet grown on clay loam and sandy clay soil gave 11.4% (2008) and 19.6% (2009) lower yields than mineral fertilizers. The lower root yield in 2008 was compensated by higher extractable sugar content and lower amino-N, K and Na in root but no such compensation in root quality was detected for 2009. Mixing MBM with mineral NPK fertilizers had similar effects as MBM-alone. MBM (80 kg N ha-1 2010 and 60 kg N ha-1 2011) together with K fertilizer (Patentkali®, 180 kg K ha-1) were applied for carrot to a fine sandy till soil in 2010 and sandy loam in 2011. MBM alone gave 14% lower total and marketable root yield than mineral fertilization. The lower yield was compensated by improved quality, lower NO3- content in the carrot and good storability. Adding extra fertilizer during growth or separating fertilization applications had no effect on root yield or quality. MBM performed in these cases mainly as an organic N fertilizer. The N supply from MBM is not sufficient for achieving same yields as with mineral fertilizers. The relative N efficiency of total N of MBM was 83% that of mineral fertilizers. MBM should be targeted on soils with low P status.  We conclude that MBM is a reasonably competitive alternative to mineral fertilizers, and as a recycled fertilizer it is a good option for organic production.
Damping-off of sugar beet with special reference to the fungus Pythium Pringsheim
Compartmentation of plant metabolism in non-photosynthetic tissues
Utilization of tropical foods: sugars, spices and stimulants
Metabolomics in dietary interventions : special emphasis on effects of grain products and fish on lipidomic profile
Sugar-cane diseases : a guide for field identification
Genetic improvement of vegetable crops
Food chemistry
Sugarcane resources for sustainable development : a case study in Luena, Zambia
Impact of spring warming on sowing times of cereal, potato and sugar beet in Finland
Abstract.
Plant diseases of international importance. Vol. 4, Diseases of sugar, forest, and plantation crops
Wood properties of northern forest trees grown under elevated CO2, O3 and temperature
An Empire of plants : people and plants that changed the world
Food plants of the world : an illustrated guide
Agronomic handbook : management of crops, soils, and their fertility
Estimation of genetic components of variation in sugar beets (Beta vulgaris L.) : with special emphasis on epistatic interactions
Pests, diseases and disorders of the sugar beet
Pests of cultivated plants in Finland in 1975
Effects of meat bone meal as fertilizer on yield and quality of sugar beet and carrot
Sugarcane improvement through breeding
The Finnish sugar sector and its multiplier effects
Structural differencies of wheat straw, sugar cane bagasse and eucalypt
Atlas of diseases and pests in beet = Atlas des maladies et des parasites de la betterave = Atlas der Krankenheiten der Rübe
Sugar-beet glossary : including lists of diseases, pests and weeds in English, French, German and Latin
OECD agricultural outlook
Seeds of change : five plants that transformed mankind
World commodity outlook 1988 : food, feedstuffs & beverages
The visual food encyclopedia
The physiology of vegetable crops
Incompatibility classes and fruit set in natural populations of arctic bramble (Rubus arcticus L.) in Finland
Plant biotechnology for sustainable production of energy and co-products
Micron Varidome and its Use at Thomas Banks & Partners
Yield formation in the main field crops
Nematodes on sugar cane in Cuba and their relationships with Pokkah Boeng Disease caused by Fusarium moniliforme
Postharvest biotechnology of sugar crops
Field crop diseases handbook
Nitrogen fertilizer rates, N balances, and related risk of N leaching in Finnish agriculture
Comparative advantages in sugar beet production in comparison to coffee processing : the Swedish case
Comparison of eight maize (Zea mays L.) cultivars to produce fermentable sugars for bioenergy in southern of Finland
The sugar cane
Sugar-beet nutrition
Row-column designs applied to experiments with sugar beet seeds
Genetically modified organisms (GMOs) : the significance of gene flow through pollen transfer
