http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11119 bumblebees
bumblebees Bombus
The Magic School Bus: Inside a Beehive
THE ZOO IN THE GARDEN
Insect pollinators
Abundance, species composition and daily pattern of bees visiting field bean, goat's rue and turnip rape in southern Finland
The little book of bees
Bees in urban community gardens - local versus landscape determinants
Effects of management and landscape structure on biodiversity in boreal agricultural farmland
Foraging and nesting ecology of bumblebees (Bombus Spp.) in agricultural landscapes in Sweden
A sting in the tale
A buzz in the meadow
Bumblebees : their behaviour and ecology
The natural history of bumblebees : a sourcebook for investigations
Bumblebees (Hymenoptera, Apidae) in the City of Helsinki
Monitoring bumblebees and other pollinator insects
Bumblebee visits to different colour morphs of the Washington lupine, Lupinus polyphyllus
Experimentally tested responses of flower-visiting insects to habitat establishment on farmland
Mad about minibeasts!
Bumblebees in a changing climate : evaluating the effects of temperature on queen performance
Studies on Swedish bumblebees (genus Bombus Latr.) : their domestication and biology
Apis terrestris Linnaeus, 1758, A. muscorum Linnaeus, 1758 and A. lucorum, 1761 (currently Bombus terrestris, B. muscorum and B. lucorum) and Bombus humilis Illiger, 1806 (Insecta, Hymenoptera): proposed conservation of usage of the specific names
Relationship between corolla length and floral larceny in the South American hummingbird-pollinated Campsidium valdivianum (Bignoniaceae)
Learn everything there is know about bees in "Amazing Bees"! From buzzing to different flowers to being a vital part of the earth's ecosystem, bees are very busy creatures.
Consequences for plant reproduction of pollinator preference for symmetric flowers
Bumblebees : behaviour, ecology, and conservation
Plant and bumblebee species diversity in boundaries of organic and conventional agricultural fields
Insect pollination of crops
Habitat quality of field margins in a Finnish farmland area for bumblebees (Hymenoptera: Bombus and Psithyrus)
Bumblebee economics
Structure of bumblebee communities in Northern Europe
Bombus terrestris auct. new to Finland (Hymenoptera, Apidae)
Assessing the impacts of Metarhizium and Beauveria on bumblebees
Summary: The largest number of visitors and visits to cloudberry was observed during the afternoon and middle of the day, and the smallest number in the morning. The pattern of visits was explained well by temperature...
Diurnal activity of flower visitors to the cloudberry (Rubus chamaemorus L.)
Effects of landscape context on populations of bumblebees
On the peripheral visual system of the bumblebee (Bombus terrestris)
The conservation of bees
