http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11173 view of women
view of women
The makings of a Woman : discourses concerning femininity in advertisements for beauty products from the 1920's
Little Red Riding Hood uncloaked : sex, morality, and the evolution of a fairy tale
Women in Soviet society : Equality, development, and social change
Woman's world : a novel
New mythological figures in Spanish cinema 1975-1996 : dissident bodies under Franco
Fifty shades of feminism
Are you a Jackie or a Marilyn? : timeless lessons on love, power, and style
Feminine look : sexuation, spectatorship, subversion
"The powers of the weak" : representations of women's power in Kenyan literature
An unacknowledged diversity : heroines, heroes, and their relationships in popular romance
English abstracts. - Santraukos lietuvių.
The vagenda : a zero tolerance guide to the media
Masculinity and femininity in everyday life
Crafting the female subject : narrative innovation in the short fiction of Emilia Pardo Bazán
Beauty queens : a playful history
The beribboned bomb : the image of woman in male surrealist art
Art and psychoanalysis
Image of Woman in the Recent Indian English Fiction by Women
Dangerous women : the perils of muses and femme fatales
Finnish summary.
Hollywood catwalk : exploring costume and transformation in American film
The full cupboard of life
From antiquity to the present day, women have been depicted in art in many guises - typifying their beauty, their power as monarchs or earth mothers, their religious fervour, their sexuality, their motherhood - and these images offer an insight into the history of women. This book presents the historian's view of the representations of women which have been created by artists in many cultures over the centuries. The authors unravel the complexities behind the images of women found in the illustrations in this book, examining the role of women as a source of aesthetic and artistic inspiration. They discuss the images of feminity which different ages and cultures were keen to present; consider under what conditions these images were produced; and outline the history of artistic development at the time. The illustrations, chosen for their beauty as well as their meaning, are diverse and often unusual, encompassing drawings, sculpture, frescos, paintings, needlework, photographs, prints and cartoons. They range from early artefacts and medieval wall paintings, through works by, for example, Bosch, Goya, Rembrandt, Canova, Fragonard, Much and Klimt, to self-portraits, photographs by Man Ray and cartoons by Claire Bretecher.
Ink-stained amazons and cinematic warriors : superwomen in modern mythology
Madonna as postmodern myth : how one star's self-construction rewrites sex, gender, Hollywood, and the American dream
Why do women love men and not their mothers?
Woman and the demon : the life of a Victorian myth
Brazilian womanhood in the prime time telenovela : a textual analysis of Aguinaldo Silva's "Senhora do Destino"
Eve : the history of an idea
Overloaded : popular culture and the future of feminism
The Roman elegists' attitude to women
Secrets of the code : the unauthorized guide to the mysteries behind the Da Vinci code
Nietzsche's remarks about women and femininity have generated a great deal of debate among philosophers, some seeing them as ineradicably misogynist, others interpreting them more favorably as ironic and potentially useful for modern feminism. In this study, Kay Picart uses a genealogical approach to track the way Nietzsche's initial use of 'feminine' mythological figures as symbols for modernity's regenerative powers gradually gives way to an increasingly misogynistic politics, resulting in the silencing and emasculation of his earlier configurations of the 'feminine.' While other scholars have focused on classifying the degree of offensiveness of Nietzsche's ambivalent and developing misogyny, Picart examines what this misogyny means for his political philosophy as a whole. Picart successfully shows how Nietzsche's increasingly derogatory treatment of the 'feminine' in his post-Zarathustran works is closely tied to his growing resentment over his inability to revive a decadent modernity.
Women in literature : reading through the lens of gender
A cow's dream
From An Affair to Remember to Legally Blonde, "chick flicks" have long been both championed and vilified by women and men, scholars and popular audiences. Like other forms of "chick culture," which the editors define as a group of mostly American and British popular culture media forms focused primarily on twenty- to thirtysomething, middle-class - and frequently college-educated - women, chick flicks have been accused of reinscribing traditional attitudes and reactionary roles for women. On the other hand, they have been embraced as pleasurable and potentially liberating entertainments, assisting women in negotiating the challenges of contemporary life.
Living with Anna Karenina : on the ontology of literary characters
Imagining Women presents a highly accessible introduction to the ways in which women have been represented in art, writing and popular culture, and the ways in which women have represented themselves. Exploring the use of language and images, the nature of ideology and the relationship between gender and genre, the authors discuss representation in a variety of different cultural forms, including literature, the visual arts, film, television, pornography, comedy and the theatre. Through the analysis of specific examples, the authors highlight themes which are central to contemporary cultural theory, including the role of the self as creator and active spectator, and the role of feminist criticism in altering traditional frameworks for the production and evaluation of cultural and artistic works. The text is greatly enhanced by the inclusion of many photographs, both colour and black and white, as well as other illustrations.
Arab, Muslim, woman : voice and vision in postcolonial literature and film
Women in the biblical world : a survey of Old and New Testament perspectives
J. W. Waterhouse
Economic woman : demand, gender, and narrative closure in Eliot and Hardy
Tears of the giraffe
The new women and the old men : love, sex and the woman question
The model wife: The passionate lives of  Effie Gray, Ruskin and Millais
When women interfere : studies in the role of women in Herodotus' Histories
Adult comics : an introduction
Imagining Arab womanhood : the cultural mythology of veils, harems, and belly dancers in the U.S
Becoming-woman
Barbie - the icon, the image, the ideal : an analytical interpretation of the Barbie doll in popular culture
The female in Aristotle's biology : reason or rationalization
Pictures of imperfection : Jane Austen's heroines as challengers of the heroine of sensibility
Lindsey Moore's groundbreaking book demonstrates ways in which women appropriate textual and visual modes of representation, often in cross-fertilizing ways, in challenges to Orientalist/colonialist, nationalist, Islamist, and 'multicultural' paradigms. She provides an accessible but theoretically-informed analysis by foregrounding tropes of vision, visibility and voice; post-nationalist melancholia and mother/daughter narratives; transformations of 'homes and harems'; and border crossings in time, space, language, and media. In doing so, Moore moves beyond notions of speaking or looking 'back' to encompass a diverse feminist poetics and politics and to emphasize ethical forms of representation and reception. Arab, Muslim, Woman is distinctive in the eclectic body of work that it brings together. Discussing Algeria, Egypt, Jordan, Lebanon, Morocco, the Palestinian territories, and Tunisia, as well as postcolonial Europe, Moore argues for better integration of Arab Muslim contexts in the postcolonial canon. In a book for readers interested in women's studies, history, literature, and visual media, we encounter work by Assia Djebar, Mona Hatoum, Fatima Mernissi, Ahlam Mosteghanemi, Nawal el Saadawi, Leila Sebbar, Zineb Sedira, Ahdaf Soueif, Moufida Tlatli, Fadwa Tuqan, and many other women.
Do it like a woman : ... and change the world
The Asian mystique : dragon ladies, geisha girls & our fantasies of exotic orient
The description of women in late Medieval courtly romance literature
Women and fascism
Relationships and sacred rituals : heterosexuality as a product of commercials
Perfect girls, starving daughters : the frightening new normality of hating your body
Pornography of meat
The everyday womanhood : a methodological journey to an entwined process
Virginia Woolf : the will to create as a woman
Unitarianism and discourse in Elizabeth Gaskell's Mary Barton
Visual and verbal images of a woman in two Britney Spears' music videos
A powerful and provocative mapping out of the machinations involved in becoming-woman. Camilla Griggers winds a deft path through Vogue fashion spreads, lesbian serial killers, Prozac, and the theories of deleuze and Guattari, and gives us a feminist assemblage that is more than equal to the rigors of cultures she describes.
Dangerous curves : Latina bodies in the media
Analyzes four biblical passages (Genesis 2-3, Hosea 1-3, Ezekiel 23, and Proverbs 7) in which a woman is the source or symbol of sin.
Imagining women : cultural representations and gender
Read my lips : a cultural history of lipstick
On famous women : the Middle English translation of Boccaccio's De mulieribus claris
Women in the comics
Transgressive tales : queering the Grimms
Ambivalence in Hardy : a study of his attitude to women
The autonomous male of Adam Smith
Women of the twelfth century. Vol. 3, Eve and the church
It ́s time for action (there ́s no option) : about feminism : [migros museum für gegenwartskunst  Zürich, 26 August - 22 OCtober 2006] / edited by Heike Munder ; [essays by Mercedes Bunz...[et.al.]
Woman becomes an "individual" : feminity and consumption in women's magazines 1954-69
Iškilmės ir kasdienybė Lietuvos Didžiojoje Kunigaikštystėje ir jos kontekstuose = Celebrations and everyday life in the Grand Duchy of Lithuania and its contexts
The woman in the story : writing memorable female characters
Erotic ambiguities : the female nude in art
Representations of women in advertising : comparison of women's magazine advertising in 1950s and 2010s
The secret history of Wonder woman
Bitch : in praise of difficult women
This seminal book challenges the common assumption that fascism is a misogynist movement which has tended to exclude women. Using examples from Germany, Italy and France, Durham analyses the rise of women in fascist organizations across Europe from the early twenties to the present. Unusually, however, the author focuses on British fascism and in doing so he offers valuable new perspectives on fascist attitudes to women. Offering interesting examples of women training in armed combat, and more generally as voters and members of fascist organizations, he highlights women's relationship to fascist policies on birth rate, abortion and eugenics.
Why are women turning their back on feminism? This book examines the rise and fall of feminism in the public imagination in the last twenty years, and explains why 'feminism failed me' has become the catch-cry of a generation. Today many women feel betrayed by the promises of feminism and are looking for liberation through 'raunch culture' or as 'yummy mummies' and 'domestic goddesses'. Yet during the 1980s the popular ideal of the 'Superwoman' offered a source of empowerment and pride for women and equality with men - even 'having it all' - seemed possible. Through a close reading of popular culture sources, this book shows how women's engagement with feminism has shifted over time, and considers its future as a social movement.
Mirror, mirror : images of women reflected in popular culture
The makeover in movies : before and after in Hollywood films, 1941-2002
̈With actress Pam Grier's breakthroughs in Coffy and Foxy Brown, women entered action, science fiction, war, westerns and martial arts films--genres that had previously been considered the domain of male protagonists. This ground-breaking cinema is still viewed with ambivalence. This work examines five female archetypes: dominatrix, Amazon, daughter, mother and rape-avenger ̈--Provided by publisher
The witch in history : early modern and twentieth-century representations
Fairy tale queens : representations of early modern queenship
The lady vanishes : subjectivity and representation in Castiglione and Ariosto
Material girls : making sense of feminist cultural theory
The reader, the author, his woman and her lover : soft-core pornography and heterosexual men
Indian women : an inner dialogue
Representing the woman : cinema and psychoanalysis
States of decadence : on the aesthetics of beauty, decline and transgression across time and space. Volume 1
Welcome to the candy shop : conceptual metaphors on gender and sexual activity in hip-hop lyrics
At the stroke of noon : Anita Brookner's A Misalliance as a novel of mid-life rebirth and transformation
Lifestyle advertisements in South Korea
Smoke signals : women, smoking and visual culture in Britain
Finnish women are highly educated; however, women are still a minority in higher leader positions. The purpose of this thesis was to find new information on women leadership and conceive reasons for the lack of women leaders in Finland. The study also wanted to provide the main barriers for women in their career process. Hopefully, the information which is found in the study may help women understand and find tools to overcome these factors and also encourage and support more women to reach leadership levels. The thesis consists of a theoretical part and an empirical part. Theoretical part included pervious researches, literature and current articles on this topic. Theory familiarizes more closely the definition of leadership, barriers typically in women career process and women in leadership positions. For this research, the qualitative method was chosen as it is the most suitable for the purpose of this study. In the empirical part of this thesis was interviewed three women CEO's from different industries, and they operate in small or medium size organizations. By interviewing women leader in this study reached the current date of women leadership and got valid information on the experiences of women leaders concerning their career process. Based on the interviews and theoretical work it can be stated that most important factors for lack of women leaders in Finland is that women are less interested in leadership positions, organizational culture barriers and the tendency of women to choose education or work tasks that have limited progression possibilities. Interviews also showed that positive and modern organizational culture could increase the number of women leaders in Finland.
Body work : the social construction of women's body image
Cold war femme : lesbianism, national identity, and Hollywood cinema
Female subjectivity in four crime thrillers by Tess Gerritsen
"Posh goes to war as she fights for her marriage" : a critical analysis of the representation of women in three British newspapers
The bodies of mothers : beautiful body project
Concubines and courtesans : women in Chinese erotic art : Ferry M. Bertholet collection
Working girls : gender and sexuality in popular cinema
Madonna, Murphy Brown, Thelma and Louise: These much-discussed media icons are the starting points of Suzanna Walter's brilliant, much-needed introduction to feminist cultural theory. Accessible yet theoretically sophisticated, up-to-date and entertaining, Material Girls acquaints readers with the major theories, debates, and concepts in this new and exciting field. With numerous case studies and illustrations, Walters situates feminist cultural theory against the background of the women's movement and media studies. Using examples from film, television, advertising, and popular discourse, she looks at topics such as the "male gaze," narrative theory, and new work on female "ways of seeing" and spectatorship. Throughout, Walters provides a historically grounded account of representations of women in popular culture while critiquing the dominance of psychoanalytic and postmodern analyses.
The accidental feminist : how Elizabeth Taylor raised our consciousness and we were too distracted by her beauty to notice
The representation of women in English proverbs
The Pre-Raphaelite body : fear and desire in painting, poetry, and criticism
The vagenda
"Shows how images of feminized sexuality in novels by George Eliot and Thomas Hardy reflected widespread contemporary anxieties about the growth of capitalism. Economic Woman is the first book to address directly the links between classical political economy and gender in the novel. Examining key works by Eliot and Hardy, including The Mill on the Floss and Tess of the d'Urbervilles, Kreisel investigates the meaning of two female representations: the 'economic woman,' who embodies idealized sexual restraint and wise domestic management, and the degraded prostitute, characterized by sexual excess and economic turmoil."--Publisher description.
Few Westerners escape the images, expectations and misperceptions that lead us to see Asia as exotic, sensual, decadent, dangerous, and mysterious. Despite - and because of - centuries of East-West interaction, the stereotypes of Western literature, stage, and screen remain pervasive icons: the tea-pouring, submissive, sexually available geisha girl; the steely cold dragon lady dominatrix; as well as the portrayal of the Asian male as effeminate and asexual. These "Oriental" illusions color our relations and relationships in ways even well-respected professional "Asia hands" and scholars don't necessarily see. The Asian Mystique lays out a provocative challenge to see Asia and Asians as they really are, with unclouded, deeroticized eyes. It traces the origins of Western stereotypes in history and in Hollywood, examines the phenomenon of 'yellow fever,' then goes on a reality tour of Asia's go-go bars, middle-class homes, college campuses, business districts, and corridors of power, providing intimate profiles of women's lives and vivid portraits of the human side of an Asia we usually mythologize too well to really understand. It strips away our misconceptions and stereotypes, revealing instead the fully dimensional human beings beyond our usual perceptions. The Asian Mystique is required reading for anyone with interest in or interaction with Asia or Asian-origin people, as well as any serious student or practicioner of East-West relations.
Outdoor pornification : advertising heterosexuality in the streets
Using narratives and eroticising premium wines in print advertising
Figures of fantasy : Internet, women &  cyberdiscourse
Beyond the veil : male-female dynamics in modern Muslim society
The body (un)defined
Sex in public : women, outdoor advertising and public policy
The fabrication of the Late-Victorian femme fatale : the kiss of death
Tough girls : women warriors and wonder women in popular culture
Arthurian women
Erotic grotesque nonsense : the mass culture of Japanese modern times
Asphalto : an aria for 13 demolition derby cars & gas stations = Routemaster: theatre of the motor : special edition DVD
Hunger, consumption, and identity in Elizabeth Gaskell's novels
CanCam-girls : young women and images in japanese fashion magazines
Resentment and the "feminine" in Nietzsche's politico-aesthetics
Abstract: Images of women and femininity.
Everyday sexism
Signs of Cleopatra : history, politics, representation
Evil by design : the creation and marketing of the femme fatale
The antidote to the idea that being a woman is all about submitting to desire. There are many more shades than that and here are fifty women to explore them.  Fifty years after the publication of The Feminine Mystique, have women really exchanged purity and maternity to become desiring machines inspired only by variations of sex, shopping and masochism - all coloured a brilliant neuro-pink?  In this volume, fifty women young and old - writers, politicians, actors, scientists, mothers - reflect on the shades that inspired them and what being woman means to them today.  Contributors include: Tahmima Anam, Joan Bakewell, Bidisha, Lydia Cacho, Nina Power, Shami Chakrabarti, Lennie Goodings, Linda Grant, Natalie Haynes, Siri Hustvedt, Jude Kelly, Kathy Lette, Kate Mosse, Bee Rowlatt, Elif Shafak, Ahdaf Soueif, Shirley Thompson, Natasha Walter, Jeanette Winterson - alongside the three editors.
Becoming feminine : the politics of popular culture
Images of women in art : power and beauty
Mobility of women and notions of public space in Upper Egypt
"Always the hours" : Michael Cunningham's revisions of Mrs Dalloway
Goddesses in art
The virgin's eye : women in Buddhist literature
Working Girls investigates the thematic concerns of contemporary Hollywood cinema, and its ambivalent articulation of women as both active, and defined by sexual performance, asking whether new Hollywood cinema has responded to feminism and contemporary sexual identities. Whether analysing the rise of films centred around female friendships, or the entrance of pop stars such as Whitney Houston and Madonna into film, Working Girls is an authoritative investigation of the presence of women both as film makers and actors in contemporary mainstream cinema.
"Fun, Fearless Females" : descriptions of the Cosmo Girl in the editorials of Cosmopolitan UK
Morality and gender in Jeff Lindsay's Dexter novels
Narural (-ly) housewives : an oral history of growing up in Norway in the 1950s and 1960s
Woman as design : before, behind, between, above, below
On Arthurian women : essays in memory of Maureen Fries
Looking on : images of femininity in the visual arts and media
Chick flicks : contemporary women at the movies
How to be a woman
Images of women in the media
Challenging the orientalist reading of Mary Wortley Montagu's Turkish letters with feminist approaches
Nature, culture and gender : re-reading the folktale
Without reservations
Too much happiness
Ellen Ripley as a representation of patriarchal "strong femininity" in the films Alien and Aliens
London, British Library, MS Additional 10304 contains the unique copy of one of the only two known English translations of Boccaccio's 'De Mulieribus Claris' prior to modern times (the other being that by Henry Parker, Lord Morley (EETS OS 214 (l943)). The present text consists of twentyone of Boccaccio's 106 lives of famous women, translated into seven-line stanzas. It exists in printed form only in the edition by Gustav Schleich (1924), not now readily accessible, and in selections edited by Julius Zupitza (1892). It is of interest and significance in several respects: as an instance of the cultivation of Italian humanist writing in fifteenth-century England, and in particular of the reception of Boccaccio; as an example of verse in the Chaucerian tradition on the subject of women; and as an example of selective adaptation in translation from Latin to the vernacular. The Introduction to this edition includes consideration of language and versification, and an analysis of the Middle English translator's strategies of selection from the source. The text is followed by a commentary including exposition of difficult passages, notes on significant modification of the source, and points of lexicographical interest, a select glossary, and an index of proper names.
Poor banished children of Eve : woman as evil in the Hebrew bible
Men's adventure magazines in postwar America : the Rich Oberg collection
Tamil cinema : the cultural politics of India's other film industry
In the company of women : contemporary female friendship films
Do it like a woman... and change the world
Mommies who drink : sex, drugs, and other distant memories of an ordinary mom
In pursuit of gender : worldwide archaeological approaches
Women in Southern literature : an index
Reflections on women in working life
Images of women in Maharashtrian society
Luce Irigaray's philosophy of feminine being : body, desire and wisdom
What should we tell our daughters : the pleasures and pressures of growing up female
Women of the Golden Age : an international debate on women in seventeenth-century Holland, England and Italy
Real gorgeous : the truth about body and beauty
Femme fatalities : representations of strong women in the media
This groundbreaking work on the psychological and political roots of terrorism by award-winning writer Robin Morgan is updated with her new introduction covering the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks on the US. In a new afterword, "Letters from Ground Zero," Morgan offers her eyewitness account of the physical and emotional devastation caused by the assault on New York's World Trade Center and the global struggle in its aftermath. First published in 1989, The Demon Lover is now more timely than ever: a personal journey as well as a landmark work of investigative journalism. Traveling to the Middle East refugee camps, she gathered the first interviews with Palestinian women about their lives as women, and re-encountered the core connection between patriarchal societies and the inevitability of terrorism. In her final chapter, "Beyond Terror," Morgan sets forth a compelling vision of hope for the future.
Constructing the subject, gaining authority : spanish musician Christina Rosenvinge and the performance of mythological and biblical female characters in her songs from 2011
The weight of images : affect, body image and fat in the media
Women in the discourse of early modern Spain
Women leadership in Finland : Finnish woman at the top
Constructing an ideal female body : a study of a women's magazine
The collected letters of Harriet Martineau
Fiction and theory
Re-embodied : young women, the body quest and agency in the culture of appearances
Fifth Avenue, 5 A.M. : Audrey Hepburn, Breakfast at Tiffany's, and the dawn of the modern woman
From superwomen to domestic goddesses : the rise and fall of feminism
Super bitches and action babes : the female hero in popular cinema, 1970-2006
Visions of women : being a fascinating athology with analysis of philosophers' views of women from ancient to modern times
The demon lover : on the sexuality of terrorism
Blue shoes and happiness
Berlin coquette : prostitution and the new German woman, 1890/1933
