http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11164 money laundering
money laundering
The Firm
Terrorist financing, money laundering, and tax evasion : examining the performance of financial intelligence units
Illicit : how smugglers, traffickers and copycats are hijacking the global economy
The International
Drug politics : dirty mobey and democracies
A wanted man
The financial war on terrorism : a guide
Protecting mobile money against financial crime : global policy challenges and solutions
Globalization and the harmonization of law
Describes the author's exploits as an undercover agent infiltrating the illegal drug cartels of Colombia, detailing how he helped bring down criminal bankers and drug lords.
Critical reflections on transnational organized crime, money laundering, and corruption
Blanchiment d'argent et secret bancaire = Money laundering and banking secrecy
Prevention of money laundering in a financial institution : customer due diligence
International criminal law : a collection of international and European instruments
Global financial crime : terrorism, money laundering and offshore centres
International criminal law. Vol. 2, Procedural and enforcement mechanisms
Secret agents
Securitization, accountability and risk management : transforming the public security domain
Criminal finances and organising crime in Europe
Crime, risk, security
Offence of terrorist financing : hybrid of counter-terrorist and anti-money laundering regimes in the security paradigm emerging in international criminal law
Enhancing the efficiency of overseas Filipino workers' remittances
Casino gaming control in Finland and the United Kingdom
The proceeds of crime : law and practice of restraint, confiscation, and forfeiture
Insider dealing and money laundering in the EU : law and regulation
Money laundering - emphasis on customer due diligence -  as a final thesis topic was developed during my practical training as a banking advisor at Nordea Bank Finland. The topic was a current issue at work especially due to tightening legal obligations but also due to sanctions given to Nordea Group in Sweden for neglecting proper customer due diligence procedures. Not only was the topic current and important to the commissioner but also very interesting when connected to international business studies. The goal of the thesis was study the interrelationship of the parties involved: Finnish Act on money laundering and customer due diligence; party subject to the law; the customers of the party. How the law obliges the party to know its customers more thoroughly; how the party obtains information from the customer; how the customers react and experience the thorough interviewing when opening a new customer relationship. The Finnish Act is very strict concerning customer due diligence. If it cannot be properly followed, a new customer relationship cannot be opened nor a transaction executed. There are numerous different money laundering methods and the scale of it represents an OECD 2009 study, where the amount of illicit money laundered globally in 2009 was evaluated to be 2.7% of the global GDP. Major issues facing financial institutions are: Identifying the origin of the funds; how a company's account will be used (what kind of traffic will be expected); and transparency of ownership. While the studies showed that major situations that caused suspicion was connected to incoming funds and money transfers, a survey conducted in the Nordea corporate branch among the employees supported this study. The major question in the survey was what kind of questions generated avoidance among customers and the most common answer was origin of the funds and future account traffic. The other survey was conducted in order to gain knowledge about customers' experience in the Nordea corporate branch. It is generally considered that the numerous questions in the interviewing might be irritating to the customers, but the survey results indicate contrary opinions. In order for the interviewing to be smooth and comfortable, a conversational approach could be used. Customer service skills are highlighted in how the questions are asked. The main focus in obtaining information should be in knowing how the banking services/products will be used and where the funds are originating. This enables the detection of suspicious activity on both transparent and non-transparent companies.
The blue zone
The European Union's anti-money laundering crusade : a critical analysis of the responses by the EU/EC to money laundering
Executive summary (s. 12-15).
Illicit drugs and organized crime : issues for a unified Europe
The economic and legal effectiveness of the European Union's anti-money laundering policy
Blood from stones : the secret financial network of terror
Proceeds of crime : money laundering, confiscation and forfeiture
Money laundering law : forfeiture, confiscation, civil recovery, criminal laundering and taxation of the proceeds of crime
The Blue Zone
European money trails
United Nations Global Programme Against Money Laundering
The money laundry : regulating criminal finance in the global economy
The long shadow
International money laundering and terrorist financing : a UK perspective
Our kind of traitor
International efforts to combat money laundering
Anticipating instead of preventing : using the potential of crime risk assessment in order to minimize the risks of organized and other types of crime
Arbitration : money laundering, corruption and fraud
A wanted man : a Jack Reacher novel
Building a world-class compliance program : best practices and strategies for success
The black path
Executive summary (s.iv-v).
This thesis examines the Know Your Customer (KYC) – and Anti Money Laundering (AML) – aspects in the risk management policy used at the Trade Finance Finland (TFF) department at a large Nordic bank. The aim was to research on how the KYC and AML are affecting to TFF's actions, why is it important for both the bank and the customers to operate within the codes of conduct of the KYC and the AML, how the customers are seeing and experiencing the bank's KYC and AML regimes compared to the competitors and what kind of possibilities do the two offer on improving customer relations. The KYC and AML regimes affect clearly the TFF's daily work. They have helped to avoid all kinds of reputational risks and to maintain a trustworthy image in the market. The stricter requirements have brought the bank and the customers closer to one an-other: more information is being shared which can help on developing the product offerings and services. Improving the information flow between the customers and the bank is crucial: the bank should hand out more accurate information on its business policies to enhance the mutual understanding and customer satisfaction. There is a need for improvement both internally and externally: the personnel wished for clearer guidelines and better tools to perform the KYC and AML and the customers needed punctuality and speed in the handling times, the KYC and AML regimes have been too time consuming and caused delays in the customers' businesses.
The scam : a Fox and O'Hare novel
The proceeds of crime : law and practice of restraint, confiscation, condemnation, and forfeiture
Legal issues in international credit transfers
Orange is the new black : my year in a women's prison
Money laundering counter-measures in the European Union : a new paradigm of security governance versus fundamental legal principles
Enhancing the Asian Development Bank's role in combating money laundering and the financing of terrorism
THE PHENOMENON “MONEY LAUNDERING” : Whose money is dirty and what are the effects?
Understanding global issues : a periodic briefing with topic map, illustrations, charts, facts and analysis. 1999, 1 : Organised crime : a growing threat to democracy?
Globalisation and money-laundering
The Drop
International money laundering and its prevention in the banking sector
Dirty money : the evolution of international measures to counter money laundering and the financing of terrorism
The scam
Orange is the new black : my time in a women's prison
Financial crime in the EU : criminal records as effective tools or missed opportunities?
Bad banks : greed, incompetence and the next global crisis
Traffick : the illicit movement of people and things
The Red Road
European Community law on the free movement of capital and the EMU
Organised crime : a growing threat to democracy?
Debate about globalization has raised some serious questions about the viability of the state. Jarrod Wiener argues here that there is a danger of making generalizations that the state has lost authority across a range of sovereignty issues. Concentrating on one aspect of sovereignty, that of protective jurisdiction, Wiener examines the USA and the states of the European Union as actors that are highly integrated into transnational practices, and takes international banking, money laundering, and the Internet as case studies. Wiener believes that the challenge to sovereignty from these practices comes from deregulation and liberalization of public policy, with the consequent empowerment of civil society actors who are transnationally mobile. In response, states are pursuing a two-fold strategy to assert control. The first is "domestication", which is the formulation of municipal law to control the activities of individuals and to localize control on the territory of the state. The second process is that of "harmonization" of laws across borders, which standardizes the means of controlling civil society actors.
Crimes by the capitalist state : an introduction to state criminality
R is for ricochet
Manual on combatting against money laundering and asset tracing : (based on the replies by the Baltic Sea Region countries)
Executive summary (s. xiii-xx).
The Anti Money Laundering Complex and the Compliance Industry
The offshore money book : how to move assets offshore for privacy, protection, and tax advantage
Anticipating instead of preventing : using the potential of crime risk assessment in order to minimize the risks of orgnized and other types of crime
Criminal capital : how the finance industry facilitates crime
Easy money
Drug wars and coffeehouses : the political economy of the international drug trade
Sheriff : a Jussi Vares Nordic PI novel
Money laundering - an endless cycle? : a comparative analysis of the anti-money laundering policies in the United States of America, the United Kingdom, Australia and Canada
Without a trace
International banking regulation and supervision : change and transformation in the 1990s
The fight against money laundering : a comparative perspective = Fan xiqian : bijiaofa de shijiao
Crime at work. 3, Managing security
Russian capitalism and money-laundering
Money laundering : a concise guide for all business
Know your customer and anti-money laundering aspects in the Trade Finance Finland department of Bank X
Mutual assistance in criminal and business regulatory matters
Enterprise crime : Asian and global perspectives
The drop
Policing the future : 13th European Policing Executive Conference, International Association of Chiefs of Police
The infiltrator : my secret life inside the dirty banks behind Pablo Escobar's Medellin Cartel
Going offshore : how to boost your capital and protect your wealth
Commercial fraud : civil liability, human rights, and money laundering
Capital, payments, and money laundering in the EU
Anti-money laundering and combating the financing of terrorism
No longer business as usual : fighting bribery and corruption
Financial havens, banking secrecy and money-laundering
Money laundering - a controversial issue
The firm
In the Godfather Garden : the long life and times of Richie "the Boot" Boiardo
Money laudering
