http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11192 comparative law
comparative law comparative jurisprudence
Studies in comparative criminal law
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 17, Chapter 10, State and economy : Regulation
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 12, Law of transport : Chapter 4 : Maritime transportation
Gesammelte Schriften = Collected works
Comparative legal cultures : on traditions classified, their rapprochement & transfer, and the anarchy of hyper-rationalism with appendix on legal ethnography
Cross-references in court decisions : a study in comparative legal linguistics
Advanced introduction to comparative constitutional law
The strength and weakness of comparative law
Comparative law in a changing world
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 7, Chapter 15, Contracts in general : Breach of contract
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 10, Chapter 5, Restitution - unjust enrichment and negotiorum gestio : Restitution of benefits conferred without obligation
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 1, National reports : C, Cameroon, Canada, Central African Empire, Chad, Chile, Colombia, Comoro, Congo, Costa Rica, Cuba, Cyprus, Czechoslovakia
Scandinavian-Polish workmeeting ["on the process of the criminal justice system", Vordingborg, Danmark, May 18-21], 1981.
Introduction to comparative law. 1, The framework
Gift : piece that does not fit in the legal puzzle
American journal of comparative law
Legal transplants : an approach to comparative law
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 4, Persons and family : chapter 1, introduction
Comparative law as an academic subject
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 16, Chapter 5, Civil procedure : Parties
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 15, Chapter 13, Labour law : Representation of employees at plant and enterprise level
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 7, Chapter 1, Contracts in general : A general view of contract
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 4, Chapter 3, Persons and family, Formation of marriage
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 17, Chapter 2, State and economy : State and economy in transformation ; Revolution by the law in the Central and Eastern European countries
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 11, Torts
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 12, Law of transport : Chapter 1, Introduction to transport law and combined transports
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 1, National reports T : Tanzania, Thailand, Togo, Tonga, Trinidad and Tobago, Tunisia, Turkey
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 1, National reports Q/R : Qatar, Republic of China, Republic of Korea, Republic of South Viet-Nam, Republic of Viet-Nam, Rumania, Rwanda
The general competence of the municipality
Introduction to comparative law. 2, The institutions of private law
International encyclopedia of comparative law. Vol. 11, Part 2, Torts
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 13, Business and private organizations : chapter 11, taxation of business organizations
Proceedings of the fourth European Conference of Law Faculties, 6-8 October 1976 on "The contribution of comparative law to teaching, research and law reform"
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 11, Torts : chapter 14, traffic accident compensation: law and proposals
Law and Australian legal thinking in the 1980s : a collection of the Australian contributions to the 12th International Congress of Comparative Law
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 10, Chapter 12, Restitution - unjust enrichment and negotiorum gestio : Restitution of benefits in family relationships
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 14, Copyright and industrial property
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 11, Chapter 10, Torts : Various damages
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 1, National reports : U, Uganda, Union of Arab Republics, Union of Soviet Sovcialist Republics, United Arab Emirates, United Kingdom, United Kingdom Dependent Territories, United States of America, Upper Volta, Uruguay
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 1, National reports N/O : Nauru, Nepal, Netherlands, New Zealand, Nicaragua, Niger, Nigeria, Norway, Oman
State aids to shipbuilding
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 7, Chapter 12, Contracts in general : Contracting subject to standard terms and conditions
Consumer protection in India and in Finland : in general and comparative perspective (special reference to Scandinavia)
Ombudsmen compared : the Finnish parliamentary ombudsman and the Lithuanian seimas ombudsmen
Comparative law and legal system : historical and socio-legal perstectives
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 10, Chapter 11, Restitution - unjust enrichment and negotiorum gestio : Adjustment among multiple debtors
Trusts and foundations in Europe : a comparative study
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 3, Chapter 36, Private international law : Currency
Turning the curriculum upside down : comparative law as an educational tool for constructing pluralistic legal mind
The American journal of comparative law reader
Elgar encyclopedia of comparative law
German versus Nordic board models : form, function and convergence
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 1, National reports D : Dahomey, Democratic Peopleś Republic of Korea, Democratic Republic of Viet-Nam, Denmark, Dominican Republic
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 1, National reports : L/M, Laos, Lebanon, Lesotho, Liberia, Libya, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Malagasy Republic, Malawi, Malaysia, Maldives, Mali, Malta, Mauritania, Mauritius, Mexico, Monaco, Mongolia, Morocco
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 1, A, National reports : Prefatory note, Afghanistan, Albania, Algeria, Andorra, Argentine, Australia, Austria
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 4, Chapter 7, Persons and family : Children, parents and guardians
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 11, Torts : chapter 11, collateral benefits
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 6, Chapter 11, Property and trust : Trust
Comparative law : an introduction to the comparative method of legal study and research
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 7, Contracts in general : Chapter 11 : Defects in the contracting process
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 11, Torts : chapter 7, causation and remoteness of damage
The comparison of law : selected essays for the 9th international congress of comparative law = La comparaison de droit : essais choisis pour le 9e congrès international de droit comparé
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the international association of legal science. Volume 16, Chapter 9, Civil procedure : Effects of judgments (res judicata)
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 2, The legal systems of the world, their comparison and unification : chapter 5, the international unification of private law
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 1, National reports B : Bahrain, Bangla Desh, Barbados, Belgium, Bhutan, Bolivia, Botswana, Brazil, Bulgaria, Burma, Burundi
Legal theory
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 16, Civil procedure : Chapter 10 : Enforcement proceedings
Rapports suisses présentés au XIVème Congrès international de droit comparé : Athènes, 31.7.-6.8.1994 = Swiss reports pesented at the XIVth International Congress of Comparative Law
Legal engineering and comparative law = L'ingénierie juridique et le droit comparé : rapports du Colloque du 25e anniversaire de l'Institut suisse de droit comparé du 29 août 2008 à Lausanne. Tome 2
Comparative legal traditions in a nutshell
Rapports suisses présenés au XIIIème Congrès international de droit comparé : Montréal, 19-24.9.1990 = Swiss reports presented at the XIIIth International Congress of Comparative Law
Comparative law : cases, text, materials
Trial by jury
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 13, Chapter 10, Business and private organizations : Securities regulation - an introduction
Comparative civil (private) law : law types, law groups, the roads of legal development
French law of contract
Always on the same path : essays on foreign law and comparative methodology. Vol. 2
Gifts and promises : continental and American law compared
A menace to society : radicalism and legal scholarship in the United States, Scandinavia, and Finland, 1965-1980
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 7, Chapter 2, Contracts in general : Contract in pre-commercial societies and in western history
Lawyers and their society : a comparative study of the legal profession in Germany and in the United States
A socialist approach to comparative law
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 8, Chapter 7, Specific contracts : Use of movables: leasing
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 1, National reports I : Iceland, India, Indonesia, Iran, Iraq, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Ivory Coast
Comparative law : sources and methodes
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 1, 5/Z, National reports : Vatican, Venezuela, Western Samoa, Yemen Arab Republic, Yugoslavia, Zaïre, Zambia
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 1, National reports J/K : Jamaica, Japan, Jordan, Kenya, Khmer Republic, Kuwait
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 15, Chapter 15, Labour law, Strikes, lockouts and other kinds of hostile actions
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 12, Law of transport : Chapter 6 : International air transport
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 1, G/H, National reports : Gabon, Gambia, German Democratic Republic, Ghana, Greece, Grenada, Guatemala, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Guyana, Haiti, Honduras, Hungary
Labor courts and grievance settlement in Western Europe
European law journal : review of European law in context
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 13, Chapter 9, Business and private organizations : Foundations
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 1,S, National reports : Saint Christopher and Nevis, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent, San Marino, Saudi Arabia, Senegal, Seychelles, Sierra Leone, Singapore, Solomon Islands, Somalia, South Africa, Spain, Sri Lanka, Sudan, Suriname, Swaziland, Sweden, Switzerland, Syria
Building permits : a comparative study
Legal development and comparative law 1982 : selected essays for the 11th International Congress of Comparative Law = Évolution du droit comparé 1982 : essais choisis pour le 11e Congrès international de droit comparé
Constitutions and constitutional trends since World War II : an examination of significant aspects of postwar public law with particular reference to the new constitutions of western Europe
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 16, Chapter 12, Civil procedure : Arbitration
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 15, Labour law : Introduction
Rapports généraux : Congrès international du droit comparé, Athènes 1994 = General reports : International Congress of Comparative Law, Athens 1994
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 10, Chapter 17, Restitution - unjust enrichment and negotiorum gestio : Negotiorum gestio
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 3, Private international law : Chapter 1 : Introduction
Comparative law
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 5, Succession : Chapter 3 : Intestate succession
General reports to the 10th International Congress of Comparative Law
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 4, Persons and family : Chapter 5, divorce
The Library of essays in contemporary legal theory, Vol. 3, Legal theory and the legal academy
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 1, National reports: Pakistan, Panama, Papua New Guinea, Paraguay, Peoples Republic of China, Peru, Philippines, Poland, Portugal
Netherlands reports to the Thirteenth International Congress of Comparative Law : Montreal 1990
