http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11104 Proboscidea (mammals)
Proboscidea (mammals)
Horton and the Kwuggerbug and more lost stories
Hurty feelings
Akimbo and the elephants
Elephant road
Tua and the elephant
Big five of Africa
Elephant! / with 117 colour photographs
Origin and evolution of the Elephantidae
Where's the Elephant?
Conservation and biodiversity
Rush! = Splash!
Proboscidea : a monograph of the discovery, evolution, migration and extiction of the mastodonts and elephants of the world. Volume 1, Moeritherioidea, Deinotherioidea, Mastodontoidea
Melissa's octopus and other unsuitable pets
Little why
Archaeology of Eastern North America. Vol. 7, no. 1, The basics of biface knapping in the eastern fluted point tradition : a manual for flintknappers and lithic analysts
Ladybird stories for 4 year olds
Larger than life : a novella
The elephant's child
Look! There's Elmer
Stop, elephant, stop!
How the elephant got his trunk
Elephant in the attic
War elephants
The African elephant : existence value and determinants of willingness to pay
Baby animals : five stories of  endangered species
The ivory trade and conserving the African elephant
Mammoths : ice age giants
Mammoths, mastodonts, and elephants : biology, behavior, and the fossil record
A natural history of domesticated mammals
The number of ways in which humans interact with animals is almost incalculable. From beloved household pets to the steak on our dinner tables, the fur in our closets to the Babar books on our shelves, taxidermy exhibits to local zoos, humans have complex, deep, and dependent relationships with the animals in our ecosystems. In Displaying Death and Animating Life, Jane C. Desmond puts those human-animal relationships under a multidisciplinary lens, focusing on the less obvious, and revealing the individualities and subjectivities of the real animals in our everyday lives.
The saggy baggy elephant
Hello, animals!
Elmer and the monster
Big animals in the wild
The elephant's tale
Five minutes' peace
The one and only Ivan
The end of the game : the last word from paradise : a pictorial documentation of the origins, history & prospects of the big game in Africa, its divers peoples..
Elephant rescue : the true story of Nina & Pinkie
Ready, steady, jump!
The elephants of Kilimanjaro
Displaying death and animating life : human-animal relations in art, science, and everyday life
Catalogue of Mammalia in the Indian Museum, Calcutta. Part 2, Rodentia, Ungulata, Proboscidea, Hyracoidea, Carnivora, Cetacea, Sirenia, Marsupialia, Monotremata
Alex and the elephant
Nestor
Elephant Don : the politics of a pachyderm posse
Splas! = Splash!
Elephant dance : a journey to India / written by Theresa Heine ; illustrated by Sheila Moxley
The elephant whisperer : learning about life, loyalty and freedom from a remarkable herd of elephants
A preliminary list of fossil mastodon and mammoth remains in Illinois and Iowa
The elephant keeper
World of animals
The elephant's journey
The encyclopedia of elephants, big cats, bears & whales
The elephant's umbrella
Petal and Poppy and the spooky Halloween!
Proboscidea : a monograph of the discovery, evolution, migration and extiction of the mastodonts and elephants of the world. Volume 2, Stegodontoidea, Elephantoidea
Water for Elephants
Mama's day with Little Gray
Arthur and the meanies
Under the kapok tree : identity and difference in Beng thought
Just a little bit
World's biggest animals
When the rain comes the elephant likes to put up his umbrella and invite his friends underneath. One day the umbrella is swept away by the wind and meets the leopard and the bear, who have very different idea about how to use the umbrella.
Barsk : the elephants' graveyard
Elmer and super El
Mysteries of the wild. 1
Babar loses his crown
