http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11169 public image
public image
Promoting nonprofit organizations : a reputation management approach
A tribute to celebrities
Monitoring public perception of organisations
Bad Queen Bess? : libels, secret histories, and the politics of publicity in the reign of Queen Elizabeth I
Visual identity : promoting and protecting public face of an organization
Non-formative sexualities in high politics : conflating the intimate and public spheres of male politicians
It's not just PR : public relations in society
University image vs. university identity : congruence between expectations and experience
The image of the oriental Muslim women in the western discourse
Destination branding in a country context : a case study of Finland in British market
Girls in pearls : History of a Passion in Art and Photography
Abstract.
The role of the media in politics : case: Timo Soini in the media during the parliamentary elections of 2011
I am not Jackson Pollock
The book Asian Public Theology is inspired by the vision that the response to the multifarious problems facing this continent needs a reflection in public along with many partners; it may not be responded to by conventional or dominant theologies pursued within narrow confines. This book takes up issues of public concern in Asia, examines them with the help of many disciplines and reflects on them in the light of the humanistic vision and values of Christian message. It is a theology that is open to all religious traditions and secular ideologies which are also challenged by the critical issues of this continent. At a time when more and more people are drawn into the null spaces of social insensitivity and seduced by the glitz and glamour of globalisation and its consumerism, public theology as a critical intervention, takes on a prophetic character. Asian Public Theology acknowledges the agency of the subalterns, affirms their ethical sense, inspires courage and evokes hope in them to build a different Asia. This book also discusses the human and ethical responsibility of all to take up the cause of the marginalised.
Dynamics and performativity of imagination : the image between the visible and the invisible
Retailing retold : unfolding the process of image construction in everyday practice
Trump talk : Donald Trump in his own words
Representations of justice
A responsible developing country : the People's Republic of China's climate change foreign policy and national image building
Celebrity, confession, and performance in Pentti Saarikoski's I look out over Stalin's head
The main objective of this study was to develop a brand identity for a nonprofit organization called Osallistuvat Nuoret ry. The case organization was established in August 2012 and is currently on a start-up phase.  Furthermore the study will provide guidelines for both internal and external management of the organization's brand. Another objective was to distinguish the factors differentiating the case organization's brand from other similar organizations. This study was carried out during the fall of 2012. The theoretical framework chosen for this study was based on such acknowledged authors as Aaker, D., Gad, T., Ind, N., Kapferer, J.N., Keller, K. and Kotler, P. Various articles from contemporary business journals and periodical were also reviewed to investigate the concept of branding in-depth.  In order to implement valid and reliable research methods and structures such authors were reviewed as Ghauri, P., Grønhaug, K., Saunders, M., Lewis, P. and Thornhill, A. The study was conducted by using a qualitative research method. Data was gathered through a focus group session and individual interviews. There was held one group session and four individual interviews altogether. The interviews took place in the end of September 2012 and included the volunteers and management of the case organization. The results of the interviews were analyzed through the theoretical framework resulting in a clear brand identity and brand guidelines. Additionally, the analysis of the interviews allowed a thorough insight on the organization's services, industry characteristics, different target groups, competitive advantages, mission, vision, values and communication of the brand.
International image management for a national leader : a case study of chancellor Merkel
Quinn traces the Western image of Islam from its earliest days to recent times. It establishes four basic themes around which the image of Islam gravitates throughout history in this portrayal of Islam in literature, art, music, and popular culture.
The stylist
Religion in cultural imaginary : explorations in visual and material practices
Russia in Finnish business media
Winning the reputation game : creating stakeholder value and competitive advantage
The relationship between brand identity and brand image : case Gloria Cultural Arena
Sharon Tate and the Manson murders
Birdman : or (The unexpected virtue of ignorance)
IMAGE AND REPUTATION MANAGEMENT OF THE KAINUU REGION
The inside stories of modern political scandals : how investigative reporters have changed the course of American history
This book revisits the concept of reputation, bringing it up to date with the era of social media and demonstrating the significance of a good reputation for making sustainable business. Using an easy-to-follow approach, the authors present all key aspects business leaders should know about reputation in the age of the communication revolution and clearly demonstrate how a good reputation can be a company’s permit to do business, its raison d'être and a guarantor of trust.
Sport's public image : building a strong future for Finland
The development of Mannerheim's image in Europe
A paper company's reputation : customers', employees' and investors' views : case M-real
Coping with a bad global image : human rights in the People's Republic of China, 1993-1994
Royal image and political thinking in the letters of Assurbanipal
Asian public theology : critical concerns in challenging times
Pictorial practices in a "Cam Era" : studying non-professional camera use
Come together : the business wisdom of the Beatles
Heroic imperialists in Africa : the promotion of British and French colonial heroes, 1870-1939
Fisher comes clean (well, sort of) with the crazy truth that is her life, in her first-ever memoir.
The Gulf War did not take place
Media image of Chinese companies in small developed economies : case : Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden
Birdman : or (the unexpected virtue of ignorance)
Summary
The gender of caste : reprasenting Dalits in print
Muslims and media images : news versus views
Josephine Baker : image and icon
Helene Schjerfbeck as a national artist genius / Marja-Terttu Kivirinta
Follow up corporate image research : Case: Dynaset Oy / Anni Karppinen
Performance
Abstract: The purpose of the study was to give a clear vision of the corporate image; mainly  what is it, how to manage it and how to study it. And more importantly make a follow  up corporate image research for Dynaset Oy. The reason for choosing the subject was  the need of Dynaset Oy for this information in the future to be able to modify the image  its interests groups have from the company, and to develop and revise it more  close to the goal image company has. Similar study has been made in 2008 – and after  6 years company is interested to know how the image has changed, as well as has is  changed to wanted direction as follow-up procedure.  The theoretical framework of the research was based on the corporate image researchstructure  created by Leena Chydenius as well as referred the RepMap™-reputation  research model created by Viestintätoimisto Pohjoisranta. First part of the research  explored the current stage of the corporate image of Dynaset Oy, second part compared  the changes happened since previous research and evaluated the effectiveness  of development programme created in 2008, third part created a goal corporate image  for Dynaset Oy and created a strategy for the company to be able to modify the current  corporate image to more similar as the goal corporate image of the company is.  The research used both quantitative and qualitative research methods, in more precise  publicity analysis, interviews and surveys to collect data. Research used same research  methods as research made in 2008, which enabled the comparison of the results  of current corporate image.  The follow up corporate image research made for Dynaset Oy was able to gather sufficient  amount of information and was able to conclude the current stage of company's  corporate image. Based on the results company's corporate image was seen positive  and valued among Dynaset's interest groups, the results revealed shortages on  company's operations and public image. Comparison between research results revealed,  that corporate image of Dynaset Oy had maintained fairly similar, development  programme created in 2008 was found effective. The goal corporate image defined  Dynaset-brand. New development programme was created to be able to modify  the current corporate image to goal corporation image created.  Dynaset Oy agreed to follow the development procedures in presented way, and also  to conduct a new corporate image research within 2-3 years to find out whether the  stage of corporate image has changed to more similar as created goal corporate image  or not.
The sum of all heresies : the image of Islam in western thought
The use of storytelling in music artist promotion
Adapting Net Promoter thinking in public sector organizations
The first comprehensive biography of Sharon Tate: Hollywood star, wife of Roman Polanski, victim of Charles Manson, and symbol of the death of the 1960s.
The Brand Image versus the Brand Identity ‎of a New Brand ‎ : Case RIPS Ruis Snack
What will 2008 Olympic Games bring to Beijing and China? : lessons from host cities of the recent past
Resolving the design challenge for National Electronic Vehicle Sweden : a comparative study on how insiders and outsiders perceive the brand style of Saab
Non-normative sexualities in high politics : conflating the intimate and public spheres of male politicians
Candidates and their images : concepts, methods, and findings
Exploring the employer brand : a survey for If P&C Insurance Company
The Image of Tampere in Social Media
European Paper Week : image and competitiveness head list of concerns
Mediated music makers : constructing author images in popular music
Publicity rights and image : exploitation and legal control
Mother Teresa : saint or celebrity?
Be your own brand : a breakthrough formula for standing out from the crowd
Reputation management : a study of leading Finnish companies
PR! : a social history of spin
All over the place
Exploring public relations
Masculinities and the ideal warrior : images of the Jäger movement
Flagging patriotism : crises of narcissism and anti-Americanism
In Brand EsSense, branding expert Neil Gains shows both the science and the practical applications of how a two-sense product can become a five-sense phenomenon. Drawing on the latest sensory branding research, the book shows how brands can link storytelling archetypes and symbolism to customer experience, to enhance a brand's overall success. It also provides tools for evaluating where a brand is on the sensory and storytelling scale, analyzing its potential and giving it a clear pathway to optimizing its unique sensory appeal.
Brandjack : how your reputation is at risk from brand pirates and what to do about it
Managing reputational risk : curbing threats, leveraging opportunities
Odd trumps : pop culture gone weird
Digital reputation : characterizing and measuring reputation, reputation risk, and emotional responses to reputation in digital publicity : final report
Che's afterlife : the legacy of an image
The role of televised debates in the U.S. presidential election process (1960-2004)
This is your step-by-step guide to using Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, Google+, Pinterest and YouTube to promote your business. In 10 quick and easy steps, you will learn how to use social media effectively, establish a simple marketing plan and measure the results of your efforts. You'll learn the basics of building profile pages, and how to create appropriate content that can be accessed by thousands of potential customers. This new edition is packed full of tips, traps to avoid and social media success stories, plus information on the newer platforms including Vine and Instagram. Social media is a low-cost marketing strategy that can be a huge bonus to small businesses. With the right technique, you can get to know your customers better, and expand your networks without breaking the bank, all while retaining full control over your message. Marketing with Social Media shows you how best to shape your social media strategy to suit your particular business, with practical advice and expert insight into the components of a successful campaign.
Rolling Stone : the illustrated portraits
Snap judgements : new positions in contemporary African photography : [International Center of Photography, New York, March 10 through May 28, 2006] / Okwui Enwezor
Flagging patriotism : crises of narcissism and anti-americanism
Putin as celebrity and cultural icon
Image study of Lapin Liitto
Charisma and the Lizard King : a sociological reading of the media representations of Jim Morrison
How to become a star : 12 simple steps to celebrity & fame : image, talent, auditions, media
Brand esSense : using sense, symbol and story to design brand identity
Wag the dog ... : decision-makers` thoughts on produced city images
The existentialist moment : the rise of Sartre as a public intellectual
Brand identity development for a nonprofit organization : case Osallistuvat Nuoret 2013 ry
Rethinking Disney : private control, public dimensions
Marketing and image research : case study: Integrata Oy
Wishful drinking
Defining corporate reputation in Latin America : Case-study : Venezuela
The reputable firm : how digitalization of communication is revolutionizing reputation management
The private life : why we remain in the dark
Corporate media production
The frontman : Bono (in the name of power)
Marketing with social media : 10 easy steps to success for
Mediated stardom, constructed images : the value and functioning of authoship in popular music
The death of an owl
Introducing public relations : theory and practice
Framing celebrity : new directions in celebrity culture
Improvement of Käyttöauto Tampere image in Finland
Specialist wanted : evaluation and implicit marketing in the Nokia recruitment advert text
The sustainability effect : rethinking corporate reputation in the 21st century
The royal image : representations of Charles I
External perceptions of the European Union as a global actor
Lifestyle advertisements in South Korea
Information technology incidents in the present information society : viewpoints of service providers, users, and the mass media
Finnish country image in China : how Finnish enterprises are perceived in Harbin industrial enterprises?
Society's watchdog - or showbiz' pet? : inspiration for a better sports journalism
Livi Callaway has fled back to London after a reality TV disaster in New Zealand. Safely anonymous in the big city, she's determined to stay under the radar from now on. But her attempts to build a new life are complicated by unexpected visitors from her old one, and new dangers and temptations lie in wait. Late one night, she meets a mysteriously sexy American on the Underground - and the events that follow take her from Pooh Bear to the golden lights of Paris, via a trail of rock stars dead and alive. A family in disarray, a determined Swede, a crazed Australian, and a childhood friend (who might yet be more than that) have her all over the place as she tries to discover the American's secret - while keeping her own / WorldCat.
High visibility : transforming your personal and professional brand
Content is number one : identifying ways to improve the content of a corporate website
Uncorporate identity
The multivalent concept of the imaginary is utilized to capture the presence and diffusion of religious references, symbols, worldviews, and narratives in various media and social spheres, including politics, economics, art, and popular culture. Used to describe the reception and transformation of religious references through time and cultures, imaginary can be defined as a shared pool of mental images and material products, of ideas, symbols, values, and practices that sustain meaning-making processes and cohesion within a collective. Situated at the intersection of sociological, political-philosophical, and cultural studies approaches to religion, this interdisciplinary study offers an intense exchange between theoretical discussions of religion in cultural imaginaries and richly researched empirical analysis.
The cult of celebrity : what our fascination with the stars reveals about us
"Caste and gender are forms of social difference that typically have been addressed in isolation from each other: a presumptive maleness is present in most studies of Dalits, and a presumptive upper-casteness is present in many feminist studies of colonial India. The Gender of Caste enters new territory in its exploration of the gender of caste through representations of Dalits in print media in colonial north India. Among its subjects are images of Dalit women as victims and vamps, the construction of Dalit masculinities, religious conversion as an alternative to entrapment in the Hindu caste system, and the plight of indentured servants. An array of textual and pictorial material pertaining to Dalits is drawn from reformist, popular, and didactic literature; police reports; missionary records; and cartoons. The book shows how differentials of gender were critical in structuring patterns of domination and subordination. Through a gendered Dalit perspective, it historicizes axes of gender, caste, class, and community identities. Representations in print are used as a critical tool to examine depictions of Dalits by colonizers, nationalists, reformers, and Dalits themselves"--Provided by publisher.
