http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11276 Hittites
Hittites
The great empires of the ancient world
Onomasticon of the Hittite pantheon. Part 3
From Egypt to Babylon : the international age 1550-500 BC
A dictionary of the Lycian language
The Luwians
The ancient Near East : historical sources in translation
Early Anatolia : the archaelogy of Asia Minor before the Greeks
Studies in divine kingship in the ancient Near East
The ancient Near East : c. 3000-330 BC. Volume 2
A comparative study of six city-state cultures : an investigation conducted by the Copenhagen polis centre
The art and architecture of the ancient Orient
Ex Anatolia lux : Anatolian and Indo-European studies in honor of H. Craig Melchert on the occasion of his sixty-fifth birthday
Architecture of the ancient civilizations in colour : Mesopotamia, Egypt, the Indus Valley, the megaliths, the Hittites, the Minoans, the Mycenaeans, the Etruscans, Central and South America
The life and times of Ḫattuŝili III and Tutḫaliya IV : proceedings of a symposium held in honour of J. de Roos, 12-13 December 2003, Leiden
Historia religionum : handbook for the history of religions. Vol. 1, Religions of the past
Early highland peoples of Anatolia
Pax Hethitica : studies on the Hittites and their neighbours in honour of Itamar Singer
The Hittites and their contemporaries in Asia Minor
Hittite votive texts
Egypt : the book of chaos
The Penguin book of lost worlds. Volume two : Crete, Mycenae, Anatolia and Etruria
Architecture of the ancient civilizations in colour : Mesopotamia, Egypt, The Indus Valley, The Megaliths, The Hittites, The Minoans, The Myceneans, The Etruscans, Central and South America
Alimenta Hethaeorum : food production in Hittite Asia Minor
Onomasticon of the Hittite pantheon
The kingdom of the Hittites
Treaty and covenant : a study in form in the ancient Oriental documents and in the Old Testament
A history of the ancient Near East, ca. 3000-323 B.C
The oldest stories in the world
Early Anatolia : a description of early civilization in Asia Minor, as revealed by the last half century of excavating and exploration
Perspectives on Hittite civilization : selected writings of Hans Gustav Güterbock
Studies in the origins, development and interpretation of the Kizzuwatna rituals
Historical dictionary of the Hittites
The Hittites
Hittite art : 2300-750 B.C
The geography of the Hittite empire
The art of the Hittites
Hattusha : the capital of the Hittites
The ancient Near East : c. 3000-330 BC. Volume 1
The laws of the Hittites : a critical edition
Hittite diplomatic texts
Religions of second millennium Anatolia
The hittites : a summary of the art, achievements, and social organization of a great people of Asia Minor during the second millennium B.C., as discovered by modern excavations
Life and society in the Hittite world
The secret of the Hittites : the discovery of an ancient empire
Letters from the Hittite Kingdom
The purity of kingship : an edition of CHT 569 and related Hittite oracle inquiries of Tuthaliya IV
Ancient civilizations and ruins of Turkey
The hittites
A mudbrick city wall at Hattuša : diary of a reconstruction
Humanistic base texts and the Mahāyāna Sūtras : studia in honorem Linnart Mäll
