http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11269 emotionality
emotionality
Emotional creativity in art : case Scream
How can an abstract sequence of sounds so intensely express emotional states? How does music elicit or arouse our emotions? What happens at the physiological and neural level when we listen to music? How do composers and performers practically manage the expressive powers of music? How have societies sought to harness the powers of music for social or therapeutic purposes? In the past ten years, research into the topic of music and emotion has flourished. In addition, the relationship between the two has become of interest to a broad range of disciplines in both the sciences and humanities. The Emotional Power of Music is a multidisciplinary volume exploring the relationship between music and emotion. Bringing together contributions from psychologists, neuroscientists, musicologists, musicians, and philosophers, the volume presents both theoretical perspectives and in-depth explorations of particular musical works, as well as first-hand reports from music performers and composers--back cover.
Love and law in Europe
The emotionally intelligent manager : how to develop and use the four key emotional skills of leadershipp
How does Enneagram help in developing emotional intelligence at work?
Psychology of emotion
Alchemies of the mind : rationality and the emotions
Emotional intelligence : why it can matter more than IQ
Abstract: How does Enneagram help in developing emotional intelligence at work? This advisory report has been conducted for Hogeschool INHolland Diemen as a part of the graduation programme in International Business and Management Studies. The purpose of the advisory report is to prepare the students for professional working life and test their analytical and consulting skills. The researcher, Mr. Sampsa Raitamäki, is a fourth year Finnish double degree student from Metropolia Business School, Metropolia UAS. Alongside studies, the researcher had interest in a personality theory model called Enneagram. The advisory report was a great opportunity to combine Enneagram with the IBMS studies. Therefore the researcher decided to examine the connection between Enneagram and emotional intelligence at business context. A requirement for the advisory report was to find a client whom to work with. The client for this project was TMI Leena Aijasaho, a Finnish sole entrepreneur who offers professional work supervisor and coaching services for various companies and organisations.
Inflammatory bowel disease and infantile emotional fixations
Emotion
Individual and contextual factors predicting educational and occupational career success
Reversal theory : the dynamics of motivation, emotion, and personality
Encountering affect : capacities, apparatuses, conditions
Bury my heart at conference room B : the unbeatable impact of truly committed managers
Handbook of communication and emotion : research, theory, applications, and contexts
Emotions and health, 1200-1700
Emotional labour and burnout among public middle school teachers in South Korea
Addressing an under researched area of modernist studies, reconsidering modernist attitudes towards feeling in the light of the humanities' turn to affect, this book presents essays by international scholars exploring the relationships between modernism and affect. It offers multi and interdisciplinary approach to modernist studies.
The Dynamics of affect, cognition, and social environment in the regulation of personal learning processes: The case of mathematics
Emotional development : a biosocial perspective
Performing nostalgia : migration culture and creativity in South Albania
How does Enneagram help in developing Emotional Intelligence at work?
Affect and emotion : a new social science understanding
The role of the personnel department during a crisis - an emotional processor
Emotion recognition from speech using prosodic features
The emotional power of music : multidisciplinary perspectives on musical arousal, expression, and social control
Raising your spirited child : a guide for parents whose child is more intense, sensitive, perceptive, persistent, and energetic
Love at Goon Park : Harry Harlow and the science of affection
The affective profile model : ill-being and well-being
Modernism and affect
Networked affect
Modulatory effects of serotonin on emotional behaviour in rodents : the impact of multiple serotonin receptor subtypes and their regional distributions
The primacy of caring : stress and coping in health and illness
Adolescents' happiness : the role of the affective temperament model on memory and apprehension of events, subjective well-being, and psychological well-being
THE IMPORTANCE OF POSITIVE FAMILY ENVIRONMENTS, HOBBIES, FRIENDSHIPS AND LEISURE TIME ON THE SOCIAL, EMOTIONAL AND PHYSICAL DEVELOPMENT OF FIFTH GRADE PUPILS
Cognition and emotion
The Cambridge handbook of human affective neuroscience
Music, thought, and feeling : understanding the psychology of music
The new language of qualitative method
Medicine and the ethics of care
Handbook of attachment : theory, research, and clinical applications
Brain's change detection elicited by emotional facial expressions in depressed and non-depressed individuals
Disorders of affect regulation : alexithymia in medical and psychiatric illness
Emotional Support in the Case of Spontaneous Abortion : Written support material
The oxford companion to emotion and the affective sciences
Developing student teachers' social interaction skills in physical education teacher education.
The dynamics of affect, cognition, and social environment in the regulation of personal learning processes : the case of mathematics
Sexual feelings : reading, affectivity and sexuality in a selection of anglophone Caribbean women's writing
Having a good cry : effeminate feelings and pop-culture forms
Sex and gender
Emotional language in disaster news : a case study of the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami and the 2011 Japan tsunami in BBC news online
Handbook of emotion elicitation and assessment
Working with affect in feminist readings : disturbing differences
Freud's requiem : mourning, memory, and the invisible history of a summer walk
Disciplining girls : understanding the origins of the classic orphan girl story
EAS temperament traits and the interaction between serotonin receptor 2a (HTR2A) and catechol-O-methyltransferase (COMT) gene polymorphisms
Educating minds and hearts : social emotional learning and the passage into adolescence
