http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11223 English language literature
English language literature
Hyphen identities : the hybrid experience of the Haitian diaspora in the United States
Mediated drama dramatized media : papers given on the occasion of the eighth annual conference of the German Society for Contemporary Theatre and Drama in English
An introduction to the new literatures in English : Africa, Australia, New Zealand, The South Pacific, The Indian Sub-Continent, Canada and the Caribbean
Guilty pleasures
Percy Jackson and the greek heroes : Percy Jackson's greek myths
Pretty girls : a novel
The sisters
Be fair, share
In a glass darkly
Comparing texts
The moment, and other essays
The runaway Santa : a Christmas adventure story
Four : Divergent stories : The Transfer; The Initiate; The Son; The Traitor
Surprised by joy
Reciprocal haunting : Pat Barker's Regeneration trilogy
Ashley Bell : a novel
Leaving Berlin : a novel
Report of workshop on world literatures written in English outside Great Britain and the USA, 9-10 June, 1981
The assistant
Song of Solomon
With this kiss : Wild and wonderful ; Beware of the stranger
The Sorrows of Young Werther
Storytime : first tales for sharing
Palace without chairs
Astrological prognostications in MS Beinecke 558 : "Sonday prime drye wether"
Relationship rescue : don't make excuses! Start repairing your relationship today
The man without a shadow : a novel
Hunger, consumption, and identity in Elizabeth Gaskell's novels
Where have all the swearwords gone? : An analysis of the loss of swearwords in two Swedish translations of J. D. Salinger's Catcher in the Rye
The poetics of Norman Mailer's nonfiction : self-reflexivity, literary form, and the rhetoric of narrative
Aristotle and Dante discover the secrets of the universe
THE STRANGE CASE OF DR. JEKYLL AND MR. HYDE
Invisible relations : representations of female intimacy in the Age of Enlightenment
Wearing white : A Tradition of pride ; The mating season
The child that books built : [a memoir of childhood and reading]
Middle English literature
Philosophy in children's literature
Toward figural fantasy : the representation of consciousness in modern American fantasy literature
Narration in Jeanette Winterson's Gut Symmetries
The shell collector
Literature and the visual media
Indiscreet journeys : stories of women on the road
Flamingo feather : a story of Africa
"How will you do for a husband?" : the enactment of wifehood in Shakespeare's Macbeth
The nun's priest's tale
The Penguin guide to English literature : Britain and Ireland
Writing transit : refiguring national imaginaries in Chicana/o narratives
To the lighthouse
Fifteen-year-old Ari Mendoza is an angry loner with a brother in prison, but when he meets Dante and they become friends, Ari starts to ask questions about himself, his parents, and his family that he has never asked before / Library of Congress.
Little white lies
Three sides of a wall : obstacles and border states in Paul Auster's novels
The overhaul
The picture of Dorian Gray ; The complete short stories ; The importance of being earnest and other plays
Readers' responses versus reader-response theories : an empirical study
Children of the ghetto : a study of a peculiar people
Selected plays
Victory : an island tale
The Householder
The American senator
This volume brings together fourteen articles that reappraise the productivity of Stoker's Dracula and the strong influence it still exerts on today's generations. The volume explores various multimodal and multimedia adaptations of the book, by critically examining its literary, cinematic, theatrical, televised and artistic versions. In so doing, it reassesses the origins, evolution, imagery, mythology, theory and criticism of Gothic fiction and of the Gothic (sub)culture. The volume is innovative in that it congregates various angles to the Gothic phenomenon, providing an overview of the interdisciplinary relationships between different cultural, artistic and creative reworkings of the Gothic in general and of Stoker's legacy in particular.
The passenger
We are not ourselves : a novel
E. M. Forster and English place : a literary topography
The Overhaul is Kathleen Jamie's first collection since the award-winning The Tree House, and it broadens her poetic range considerably. The Overhaul continues Jamie's lyric enquiry into the aspects of the world our rushing lives elide, and even threaten. Whether she is addressing birds or rivers, or the need to accept loss, or sometimes, the desire to escape our own lives, her work is earthy and rigorous, her language at once elemental and tender. As an essayist, she has frequently queried our human presence in the world with the question 'How are we to live?' Here, this is answered more personally than ever. The Overhaul is a mid-life book of repair, restitution, and ultimately hope -- of the wisest and most worldly kind.
Go set a watchman
The scarlet letter
Changing traditions in Indian English literature
The school for husbands
H. P. Lovecraft and the creation of horror
Rewriting literary history : Peter Ackroyd and intertextuality
Did I mention I need you?
Psychoanalytic responses to children's literature
Too good to be true
Modern English literature
Lord Jim ; Nigger of the Narcissus ; Typhoon ; Nostromo
Failures by design : the transparent author in English satire from Marprelate to Pope
Tales from Shakespeare
The Arnold anthology of British and Irish literature in English
Lilies that fester
The Cambridge edition of the works of Jane Austen. Juvenilia
Friendship between Sherlock Holmes and John Watson
The Martian
Modern drama and the rhetoric of theater
The false inspector Dew
The girls of Mischief bay
Jack o'Judgment
Half wild
Evenings at Haddon Hall : a series of romantic tales of the olden time
Red Queen : novella #1
First come, first served - Först till kvarn får först mala : Translating English idioms into Swedish in Marian Keyes's Rachel's Holiday
The eye of the falcon
The cinderella murder : an under suspicion novel
Poems and essays
Three wishes : a novel
Cloud atlas
The sonnets and A lover's complaint
Tributes to Kathleen L. Scott : English medieval manuscripts: readers, makers and illuminators
From in-betweenness to nothingness : intersections of race, class and gender in Jean Rhys's Wide Sargasso Sea
Aesthetic approaches to children's literature : an introduction
"If God hadn't invented woman men would have had to do so" : construction of female identities in Parade's End by Ford Madox Ford
The loop : innerfictions of the Creative Writing Group 1999
The blood of Olympus
Blood relations
Liminal monster and the conflict between human and machine : the Shrike in Dan Simmons' Hyperion and The Fall of Hyperion
A little life : a novel
Pudd'nhead Wilson, Those extraordinary twins, the Man that corrupted Hadleyburg
To be a woman here is to be invisible : in search of the dispossessed femininity in Middle-earth
Poetry and contemporary culture : the question of value ; edited by Andrew Michael Roberts and Jonathan Allison
The son of Sobek : Percy Jackson & Kane Chronicles crossover
The life and adventures of Sir Launcelot Greaves
The blind assassin
The dark film
The grownup : a story by the author of Gone Girl
Eight months on Ghazzah Street
The rum diary
Will you please be quiet, please?
The rest of us just live here
Them
Shaking a leg : collected writings
The Crucible : A Play in four acts
Breaking the tongue : a novel
Lost in translation? : Translating allusions in two of Reginald Hill's Dalziel & Pascoe novels
Literary Darwinism : evolution, human nature, and literature
As undergraduate and graduate courses in children's literature become more established and numerous, there is an intense need for a textbook that offers aesthetic rather than educational approaches to children's literature. This work fills that void by providing students of children's literature with a comprehensible and easy-to-use analytical tool kit, showing through concrete demonstration how each tool might best be used. The chapters are organized around familiar and easily recognized features of literary texts (e.g. author, genre, character). Theoretical issues are illustrated by specific texts from the North American children's literature canon. The book explores the particular aesthetics of children's fiction and the ways critical theory may be applied to children's texts, while remaining accessible to a college readership without prior specialized knowledge of literary theory. Each chapter includes a short introduction to a specific theoretical approach (e.g. semiotics, feminist, psychoanalytic), an example of its application to a literary text, a number of activities (study questions, reading exercises), and suggestions for further explorations.
The ethics of representation in fiction of Amitav Ghosh
The girls
Finnish summary.
Post-independence Indian English fiction
After her : a novel
Selected Stories
The bell jar : biographical notes by Lois Ames
The heart is a lonely hunter
Pudd'nhead Wilson and Those extraordinary twins
Pigs in heaven
Collected essays
Doctor Who: Magic of the Angels
The major works : [including Paradise lost]
Selected stories and sketches
Destinations
The importance of being parent : John Irving as a moral writer
The swans of Fifth Avenue : a novel
Sucking salt : Caribbean women writers, migration, and survival
Larry`s party
Adequacy in Finnish translations of Anglo-American literature
Last exit to Brooklyn
Things we have in common
Avenue of mysteries
Celebrating creative consciousness : insights into Oscar Wilde's aesthetics
The jump
Twentieth-century English literature 1901-1960
I was here
Percy Jackson and the olympians. Books I-III, Collecting The Lightning Thief, The Sea of Monsters, and The Titans' Curse
Changes of women and Canadian society in the mid 20th century in Margaret Laurence's "A jest of God"
Texts and contexts : an introduction to literature and language study
Tales from the perilous realm
Justice
The butterfly state
New messengers : short narratives in plays by Michael Frayn, Tom Stoppard and August Wilson
E.M. Forster and English place : a literary topography
Spring and all
Treasure island ; Kidnapped ; Weir of Hermiston ; The master of Ballantrae ; The black arrow
"One of the most intensely exciting secrets" : the Antarctic in American literature, 1820-1849
Dracula and the Gothic in literature, pop culture and the arts
Ruin and rising
The Staff of Serapis : Percy Jackson & Kane Chronicles crossover
The art of crash landing : a novel
Man of mine : To tell the truth ; For Mike's sake
The garden of the gods
What are little girls made of? : a guide to female role models in children's books
The Oxford anthology of English literature. 2, 1800 to the present
Circling the sun : a novel
The concise Oxford companion to English literature
All the light we cannot see : a novel
The major works
Vampire hunter Anita Blake--known to the vampires she kills as "The Executioner"--is hired by the most powerful vampire in the city to find out who has been murdering innocent vampires.
(No) more family : reading family and serial murder in Patricia Cornwell's Gault-trilogy
Christina Rossetti's "Goblin market" : Milton revised or revived?
Alphabets and birthdays
Incidents in the Rue Laugier
Romeo and Juliet
The program
Red Queen
Selections from Samuel Johnson 1709-1784
Royal wedding : the Princess diaries
Sharp objects : a novel
In search of a postcategorical utopia : James Baldwin and the politics of 'race' and sexuality
