http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11260 work culture
work culture
No zoo : ethnic civility and its cultural regulation among the staff of a Finnish high-tech company
Organizational climate survey : OP-services
Contemporary identities of creativity and creative work
Team players and teamwork : new strategies for developing successful collaboration
Precarious Japan
Wiki management : a revolutionary new model for a rapidly changing and collaborative world
International human resource management
An archaeology of philosophical anthropology : a reconstruction of the historical philosophical background of ethnography and consequences for nursing science
Adapting to a Finnish workplace : case : occupational immigration of Chinese metal workers
The impact of multiculturalism on group work : the process of multicultural group work through the eyes of the International Business Students of Turku University of Applied Sciences
Social identification and group cohesiveness in a multicultural work group
The happiness agenda : a modern obsession
The long work hours culture
This thesis topic was chosen because of the gap of research conducted in the field of Intercultural Intelligence in the Start-Up of a Life-Sciences Institute. Intercultural Intelligence itself is not a new field of study though it has many other names such as Intercultural competence. The author, coming from Northern Europe, a very direct and open culture uses an Indonesian Life-Sciences Institute as a case company where management comes from both Western and Asian cultures and observes the implications of such combination. This papers purpose is to give an answer to what is intercultural intelligence in the start up of a life sciences institute. The research was interested of the role of intercultural intelligence in leading life-sciences start-ups and that also became the primary research question. It takes a look into what is leadership, inter- and intra-culture, what are life-sciences and how they differ from medical studies and what is start-up and how to combine the theory into practice. Methodology used in this paper was conveyed by interviews, research by journal articles and observation in the case The case company Indonesia International Institute for Life-Sciences was founded 12.09.2012 with close collaboration with Karolinska Institutet in Sweden. Indonesia is a developing country where the culture differs a lot from Sweden and the Scandinavian region and in order to form a strong relationship between the institutions many factors need to be taken into consideration. Indonesia Institute for Life-Sciences is founded by an Indonesian company called Kalbe Corporation The findings of this paper were that Intercultural Intelligence is a very important part to take into consideration when dealing with different cultures and some cultures are more sensitive than the others. In order to secure smooth collaboration home and host country members have to be aware of the possibility of conflicts in order to be ableto avoid them and make the most out of the collaboration. This paper serves people in the Life-Sciences field who are in touch with intercultural issues and work with newly founded projects. In depth research is needed since the scope and time restrictions of this research were present and further studies are required.
Creating healthy organizations : how vibrant workplaces inspire employees to achieve sustainable success
Northern insights : feminist inquiries into politics of place, knowledge and agency
The Experiences of Finnish companies about the Quality of Chinese Labor : Comparison between Chinese and Finnish work cultures
How To Build a Theatrical Society : Case Tyne Theatre Productions
Business Plan for Establishing A Sauna Club in Lu'an, China
The work motivation level of the employees of Case Company West Africa
New knowledge objects? : exploring cultures of representation in knowledge-intensive work
Linchpin : are you indispensable?
China Business 2.0 : analyze the economy, understand the society, and manage effectively
Orientation manual for New Sun Gate Motel
Third party in workplace conflicts : the mediator's conflict management and intercultural competences
Providing a good death : the importance of culturally sensitive end of life care in the acute ward setting
Straitjacket society : an insider's irreverent view of bureaucratic Japan
Bear meets dragon : Cooperation between the companies from Pori region and People's Republic of China
The culture of the new capitalism
Recruiting, retaining and promoting culturally different employees
Creative workers have been celebrated internationally for their flexibility in new labour markets centred on culture, creativity and, most recently, innovation. This book draws on research with novice and established workers in a range of specializations in order to explore the meanings, aspirations and practical difficulties associated with a creative identification. It investigates the difficulties and attractions of creative work as a personalized, affect-laden project of self-making, perpetually open and oriented to possibility, uncertain in its trajectory or rewards. Employing a cross-disciplinary methodology and analytic approach, the book investigates the new cultural meanings in play around a creative career. It shows how classic ideals of design and the creative arts, re-interpreted and promoted within contemporary art schools, validate the lived experience of precarious working in the global sectors of the creative and cultural industries, yet also contribute to its conflicts. "Contemporary Identities of Creativity and Creative Work" presents a distinctive study and original findings which make it essential reading for social scientists, including social psychologists, with an interest in cultural and media studies, creativity, identity, work and contemporary careers.
The global M & A tango : how to reconcile cultural differences in mergers, acquisitions and strategic partnerships
Managing the mills : labor policy in the American steel industry during the nonunion era
Cultural beliefs and health behaviours of Roma patient in Finland
Business ecosystem : a conceptual model of an organisation population from the perspectives of complexity and evolution
Change your space, change your culture : how engaging workspaces lead to transformation and growth
Nurses with cultural competence and coping with working life: a qualitative study among foreign born Finnish educated registered nurses
The incidence and determinants of employee involvement : evidence from the Finnish manufacturing sector
Bear Meets Dragon  : Experiences of cooperation between Pori region's educational and research and development organizations and China
Teamwork in operating room nursing : conceptual perspective and Finnish, British and American nurses' and nursing students' experiences
The Japanese professor : an ethnography of a university faculty
An immigrant nurse is our colleague : how to develop the language and culture in multicultural nursing
Employee job satisfaction in an Irish based call centre : RCI Case Study
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
To survive, you have to adjust : study abroad as a process of learning intercultural competence in nursing
Navigating between ideas of democracy and gendered local practices in Vietnam : a Bakhtinian reading of development aid practice
Communication culture in German work community
"Learning the culture is a kind of working tool" : the acculturation and adaptation of Finnish development co-operation workers and missionaries in East Africa
International human resource management /.
Abstract: Breast cancer is one of the main leading causes of death among women worldwide. In finland around 4 000 new cases are being diagnosed every year. Because the amount of foreigners is growing at the same time, part of these newly diagnosed cases are among foreign women. That is why we need to be more aware of their needs. The purpose of this literature review was to explore women's, whose cultural background varies, experiences of breast cancer and how they cope with it.    The literature review was based on scientific research articles. The data was collected by using a systematic literature review. The data was collected by using database search and manual search at the school libarary. Altogether 10 articles were found. The articles included studies from Pakistan, Brazil, United States, Norway, Chine, Iran, Chile, Australia and Lebanon. All of the 10 scientific articles were analyzed by using inductive content analysis.    The findings of this literature review showed many similarities among the women regardless of the women's origins. 'Time of diagnosis a huge shock' and 'wanting to hide the diagnosis' were themes that emerged from the majority of the studies. The countries where religion greatly influenced every day life, religion was concidered one of the main aspects of coping. Family's support was also mentioned as crucial during the coping period throughout the studies.    The articles showed that even the women, whose origins are the same, are not a homogeneous group, eventhough this literature review was concentrating more on the similarities women from different cultures have. Every woman is an individual and should always be treated according to her individual needs. Each woman diagnosed with breast cancer is an individual and that is why the experience is unique as well.
Cultural differences in working environment between Finland and Brazil
When teams collide : managing the international team successfully
Increasing Cultural Competence through the Method of Appreciative Inquiry
Thinking for a living : the coming age of knowledge work
The leadership experience
Cultural competence in nursing : nurses' perceptions : a literature review
The Internet in the workplace : how new technology is transforming work
Findings on organizational culture differences from a Finnish point of view in Andalusia, Spain
Information systems in context : building a tool for analysing the sociotechnical context of organisational information systems
International film cooperation inside the Baltic Sea Region and with Japan
Enterprise 2.0 : how social software will change the future of work
Gender and newsroom cultures : identities at work
Essays on current account imbalances
Work : contexts and consequences
Production culture : industrial reflexivity and critical practice in film and television
The year without pants : WordPress.com and the future of work
Trans-cultural leadership for transformation
Employee-driven innovation : the manager's guide to EDI
The work of professional football : a labour of love?
The hotel industry in Finland is expanding and foreign influence is more and more prominent in this market. Hilton has opened its third hotel in Finland last year and with it comes the Hilton way of doing things. One aspect of the Hilton culture are the brand standards that are set for the hotels. These standards involved every department and customer encounter. In this study the aim was to find out how well employees at the Hilton hotels in Finland have adapted to complying with these brand standards, which they are expected to be familiar with and apply to their work.    The theoretical frame of reference outlines how culture affects people as well as organisations and how deeply rooted cultural norms and values are. Because Hilton is an American chain, and therefore the brand standards applied in all Hilton hotels have been developed according to an American mould, it was important to review some of the cultural differences that exist between Finland and America. Finally, as we are dealing with the service industry, the nature of services was considered.     The primary research was conducted in August and September 2008 and it involved developing a questionnaire and obtaining responses to this questionnaire from reception staff in all three Hilton hotels. The response rate was 74% which is enough to give us an idea of the feelings that staff have of the brand standards without, however, giving conclusive results. The results show that employees at the Hilton hotels have, in fact, adapted to the Hilton culture quite well and few brand standards pose a big problem for them. These results have been explained further in the light of the theoretical frame of reference.     In conclusion it can be said that employees have fairly positive attitudes towards the standards. It would, however, be interesting to go more deeply into the thoughts and attitudes of employees, through qualitative research. Also the management's role in promoting the standards should be strengthened.
The other at the workplace : power and language in a multicultural workplace
Cultural Competence Guide in Southern China for Foreign Companies
A greasy-skinned worker : gender, class and work in the 20th-century life story of a female labourer
Finnish communism visited
The craftsman
Intern nation : how to earn nothing and learn little in the brave new economy
Accessing health care : a look into the culture of foreigners living in Salo, Finland for better service provision
Migrant friendly hospital : a literature review
Abstract: Research has pointed out the importance of culture and climate in relation to strategy and overall success of knowledge organizations. Vision, mission, and values make up the culture but they are also the building blocks in strategic planning. It has been shown that satisfied and happy employees are more productive especially in the context of a knowledge organization. OP-Pohjola Group aims to be the financial sector's most attractive employer. The Group makes a strong long-term commitment to improving employee wellbeing, competence, leadership development, and rewarding practices. Personnel are encouraged to pursue professional growth throughout their careers. The results of the Organizational Climate Survey were mostly positive even though clear areas of improvement were found. The areas of improvement include the following: It seems that employees need to deal with too much bureaucracy. Also female employees are not satisfied with their opportunities for advancement and it seems that mission, vision, and values do not show in everyday work and procedures. Employees do not always get enough feedback from their managers. Furthermore, there is a lack of two-way communication. Regardless of these areas of improvement, the respondents are generally satisfied with OP-Services as an employer. In a big organization there are various opportunities.
Rework : change the way you work forever
What are the biggest cultural factor-related challenges for Finnish SMEs while doing business with the Chinese?  : case: real voice from three businessmen
The agile librarian's guide to thriving in any institution
Abstract :.
Organizational culture & employee behavior
Abstract: Job satisfaction of nursing in Mauritius.
Acculturation of foreign IT workers in Japan from a cognitive and business management viewpoint
Role of community participation and local culture in development co-operation : a case-study of Bolivian non-governmental organisations working in the health sector with the Aymara and Quechua people
Promoting Intercultural Management for Working Life in the Baltic Sea Region : A Five-Year Project. Thoughts, Experiences and Impact
The Zappos experience : 5 principles to inspire, engage, and wow
Handbook of Chinese organizational behavior : integrating theory, research and practice
This Bachelor's thesis is a product type study commissioned by New Sun Gate Motel. The motel is located in Lake Worth, Florida. The objective is to create an Orientation Manual for trainees and new employees. The theoretical framework discusses tourism business in Florida, job orientation, dif-ferent kinds of learning styles and cultural research. The empirical part contains intro-duction of tasks, project plan and implementation. In addition, the results and evalua-tion have been considered in the empirical part. The theoretical framework serves as a basis for producing an effective and clear Orien-tation Manual. The material improves learning and adapting to a new job and working culture. The study resulted an Orientation Manual for New Sun Gate Motel. The Orientation Manual contains all the information a new trainee/employee needs in order to cope individually. In addition, the operating area of the company is introduced. Lake Worth, Florida and the motel are introduced in the Orientation Manual, followed by a presentation of tasks by means of pictures to clarify the instructions. In addition, the folder includes a checklist for job orientation. The list is used to support the tutor.
Settlement process of Afghan immigrant women based on cultural perspective in Finland
From accidents to zero : a practical guide to improving your workplace safety culture
Occupational health, safety and ergonomic issues in small and medium-sized enterprises in a developing country
"It used to be that businesses could ask individuals to conform to the organization's needs. But now leaders are charged with creating the best company on earth to work for: they must transform their organizations to attract the right people, keep them, and inspire them to do their best work. In Why Should Anyone Work Here? Rob Goffee and Gareth Jones identify the six key organizational attributes to do just that. In separate chapters, they delve deeply into each one: 1. Let people be themselves 2. Practice radical honesty 3. Magnify people's strengths 4. Stand for authenticity (more than shareholder value) 5. Make work meaningful 6. Make simple rules With vivid stories and examples, the authors illustrate the kind of strong, attractive workplace culture that leads to sustained high performance. They also provide ways of assessing how your company is doing, and describe the tensions and trade-offs that leaders must manage as they transform their organizations. Why Should Anyone Work Here? is the question all contemporary organizational leaders must constantly ask themselves if they want to survive and thrive in the new world. This is the book that will help them answer that question"--
Working in Finland : information for immigrants
Culture shock! : a survival guide to customs and etiquette : Beijing
Bear meets Dragon : Cooperation and cross-cultural communication between the companies from Northern Satakunta and People's republic of China
How Hollywood works
Cultural perspectives on higher education
Job satisfaction of nurses in Mauritius
Abstract: The purpose of this final project was to explore the nurses' perceptions of cultural competence in nursing.  This final project is based on 15 scientific research articles. The data was collected using Cinahl, Sage Journals, Pubmed, Wiley Interscience and manual search through the library journal collections. Literature review was used as a methodology. A critical appraisal was conducted to ensure the literature suitability to this final project. Deductive content analysis approach was adopted to analyze the data. The Papadopoulos Tilki and Taylor model for developing cultural competence was used as the conceptual framework. This model entails "Cultural Awareness, Cultural Knowledge, Cultural Sensitivity and Cultural Competence".  The findings of this literature review showed that cultural competence encompasses:  (a) Nurses abilities to do self-cultural assessment and point out those aspects of it that are at variance with the patient's values, beliefs and practices. (b) Having an ability and interest in understanding other cultures and the application of cultural knowledge when encountering people from other cultures at their best interests. (c) The ability to use a holistic approach when caring for culturally different patients. And the willingness to provide care that is based on respect, empathy, understanding and that takes into consideration the patients' cultural and religious needs. (d) And having the willingness and the ability to put into use the previously gained cultural awareness, cultural knowledge, cultural sensitivity and nursing skills.  Despite the fact that some nurses did not know and/or have never heard of the term cultural competence, in all reviewed research articles nurses were able to identify different components that make up a culturally competent care. Further research is needed on how nurses address and challenge discriminatory practices and racism as this was given less or non-importance by the nurses, and considering the fact that it was important in the framework of this final project.
Got game : how the gamer generation is reshaping business forever
Beyond competition to association : the economic transformation of Baltic state cities
Consumer citizen at work : a challenge for leadership and management
How to Marry a Finnish Girl : everything you want to know about Finland, that Finns won't tell you
Attitude of student nurses` toward people with disabilities
Individual awareness and its effect on organization development and well-being
The innovative leader : how to inspire your team and drive creativity
Managerial approach to human resources management and employee motivation in a Finnish owned enterprise in China : case study : Harvia Oy, Oy Checkmark Ltd
Why should anyone work here? : what it takes to create an authentic organization
Mathematical tools in a digital world
Job Satisfaction of Foreign White-Collar Employees Working in Finland
What more can we do? : developing a multicultural action plan for the Girls' House, a meeting place for girls and young women in Helsinki
English in internal company communication : the employees' views, attitudes and competences
The Cambridge companion to modern Japanese culture
A Survey of Employees' Perception and Satisfaction at the Integration Phase of Cross-border Acquisition
Work among the elderly
Employees first, customers second : turning conventional management upside down
Empathy and intercultural understanding in the context of international long-term volunteers
Earning respect : the lives of working women in small-town Ontario, 1920-1960
One small idea can ignite a revolution just as a single matchstick can start a fire. One such idea, putting employees first and customers second, sparked a revolution at HCL Technologies, the IT services giant. In this candid and personal account, Vineet Nayar, HCLT's celebrated CEO, recounts how he defied the conventional wisdom that companies must put customers first, then turned the hierarchical pyramid upside down by making management accountable to the employees, and not the other way around. By doing so, Nayar fired the imagination of both employees and customers and set HCLT on a journey of transformation that has made it one of the fastest-growing and profitable global IT services companies and, according to BusinessWeek, one of the twenty most influential companies in the world. Chapter by chapter, Nayar recounts the exciting journey of how he and his team implemented the employee first philosophy by: Creating a sense of urgency by enabling the employees to see the truth of the company's current state as well as feel the "romance" of its possible future state, Creating a culture of trust by pushing the envelope of transparency in communication and information sharing, Inverting the organizational hierarchy by making the management and the enabling functions accountable to the employee in the value zone, Unlocking the potential of the employees by fostering an entrepreneurial mind-set, decentralizing decision making, and transferring the ownership of "change" to the employee in the value zone. Refreshingly honest and practical, this book offers valuable insights for managers seeking to realize their aspirations to grow faster and become self-propelled engines of change
The hungry cowboy : service and community in a neighborhood restaurant
China is entering a new stage of economic and societal development, called China 2.0, a new era that is characterized by China?s diminishing low-cost advantage and increased local competition. Succeeding in the China 2.0 era will require western managers to reposition their businesses. Inspired by their extensive experience in doing business in China, the authors present more than 40 key issues in a compact format suitable for time-constrained executives. The book covers the overall effects on the economy, highlights future challenges, gives first-hand advice on how to manage a business in China, and helps the reader to understand the Chinese culture. China Business 2.0 also contains valuable insight sections in which top executives and consultants share their on-the-ground-experiences in China. In addition, it features numerous practical tips that will help managers to be effective in China.
The cultural study of work
Yhteenveto (Summary in Finnish)
Leadership in symphony orchestras : discursive and aesthetic practices
Workshop report : indigenous ideas and foreign influences : interactions among oral and literary, Latin and vernacular cultures in medieval and early modern Northern Europe : 26th-27th September 2013, Helsinki
As background information for this thesis I would point out my own personal interest in Germany as a country and as a possible future country where I would like to work. For my thesis I contacted the Göethe Institute (based in Finland) and the DFG (Deutsch-Finnische Geschellschaft), who both agreed to be involved in my thesis process. The Göethe Institute agreed to do interviews and DFG to send their members a questionnaire. (DFG is based in Germany; its members are mostly Germans and Finns.) My goal was to find out what the communication culture in German companies is like. I wanted to analyse how foreigners adapt to the German working community, what their difficulties are and what is different, for example, in relation to the work community in Finland. I also wanted to look at how they see the German communication culture within the work community, and some of both its negative and positive aspects. At the beginning of my thesis I wanted to give a bit deeper image and view of Germany as a country overall, a brief history about how it has developed in recent years, how the financial life in Germany is today, how many foreigners Germany has and something about the history of foreigners in Germany. I'm also interested in stereotypes regarding Germans in the eyes of other nationalities, how accurate they might actually be and how things really are when different cultures meet in business life. As many of the respondents to my questionnaire were women, I also wanted to do a bit of research on the overall position of women in German working life.
Pedal to the metal : the work lives of truckers
The quality of life in the Finnish game industry
The leisure economy : how changing demographics, economics, and generational attitudes will reshape our lives and industries
Management & organisational behaviour
Communication and co-operation within intercultural multi-site project environment of a Case Company : Finland, Japan and the United Kingdom
Intercultural communication in experience tourism in the Inari area
How to run a theatre : a witty, practical and fun guide to arts management
Understandign the value of arts & culture : the AHRC cultural value project
British factory, Japanese factory : the origins of national diversity in industrial relations
Organizational behaviour
Diversity management and intercultural communication experiences in multicultural organisations in South Ostrobothnia
Livestock/deadstock : working with farm animals from birth to slaughter
Finn-Brits magazine
Work's intimacy
The work & the gift
This book analyses higher education from cultural perspectives and also to reflect on the uses of intellectual devices developed in the cultural studies of higher education over the last decades. The first part of the book presents fresh perspectives to integrate cultural studies in higher education with wider societal processes. Professor William G. Tierney speaks about trust and culture in higher education, whereas Professor Imanol Ordorika opens a political perspective to higher education institutions. The second part of the book studies the internal life of higher education. Relying on a variety of cultural perspectives, the chapters explore the actual day-to-day practices taking place in higher education, ranging from student socialisation, student consumerism, tensions in combining academic and market-oriented targets in knowledge production to the formation of academic identities in different disciplinary and organisational cultures. The focus in the third part of the book is to use cultural perspectives developed in previous studies on disciplinary and organisational cultures as a framework to understand a variety of processes and reforms taking place at the institutional level of high education. The chapters in this part of the book analyse the Bologna Process, the evolution of scientific fields in American universities, organisational cultures in Chinese post-merger universities, and doctoral education and cooperation with industry.
A qualitative study of male and female perceptions in differences in the working and domestic sphere : a comparison of the French and Finnish cultures
Work culture transformation : straw to gold : the modern hero's journey
Leadership, character & strategy : exploring diversity
Intercultural management competence in Finnish multicultural working life : case Aamujakelu Oy
Organizational psychology in cross-cultural perspective
The quest for well-being in growth industries : contexts, research design and methodological development
Analysis of best practices and used methods in research articles of culturally competent care : applied systematic literature review
Cultural competence in nursing : nurses' perceptions
Creative careers : paths for aspiring actors, artists, dancers, musicians and writers
Cultural Chameleons and Teamwork Terminators − Promoting Intercultural Management in the Baltic Sea Region PIM 2009 as Intercultural Teamwork
China and Lu'an as a business environment for Finnish small and medium sized enterprises : case: The Switch
Finnishness in cross cultural interaction in international engineering projects
Intercultural skills needed by staffs in a multinational team
Intercultural intelligence in the start-up of a Life-Sciences Institute
An analysis of participants’ experiences of HELMO workshops
Restoring culturally appropriate African leadership : a case study of Finnish, Kenyan and Tanzanian perspectives on a leadership and management training programme
Willing slaves : how the overwork culture is ruling our lives
Essays on human resource management perspectives on diversity management
Students' expectation toward service of recruiment agencies in Vietnam
Supporting employee engagement with internal communication for high reliability
Chinese and Kenyan food culture -information for health care personnel in Finland
A transcultural view of women living with breast cancer : living with an uncertain certainty : a systematic literature review
A with respect to the Japanese : going to work in Japan
Purnell's model for cultural competence in transcultural research : a literature review
Employees' understanding of corporate responsibility and Kesko's CSR principles
The persuasive leader : lessons from the arts
Estonia, the new EU economy : building a Baltic miracle?
Conflicts and multicultural team : Developing competencies for managers
Using Chinese in China - challenges and opportunities : a case study of three Finnish sojourners
"All communication is intercultural" : applying the concepts of culture shock and adaptation to transition processes of graduates from student life to work life
Diversity in coaching : working with gender, culture, race and age
Collaboration in practice : a study of language teacher collaboration
Smart flexibility : moving smart and flexible working from theory to practice
Applying for a job in Lapland : international student ́s guide /.
Unpopular culture : the ritual of complaint in a British bank
The use of communication accommodation strategies in a work group : a case study of four meetings
Total engagement : using games and virtual worlds to change the way people work and businesses compete
Inside the Japanese company
Service standards and Finnish working culture : how reception employees perceive standards in three Hilton hotels in Helsinki
Intercultural Intelligence in the Start-Up of a Life-Sciences Institute
