http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11294 composition (consistency)
composition (consistency)
Preliminary study of the image analysis of coke textures
Feed ingredients and fertilizers for farmed aquatic animals : sources and compostion
A simulation study of multivariable control and estimation strategies for chemical engineering processes
Wheat: chemistry and technology : volume 1
Meat products handbook : practical science and technology
Permeability properties of paper materials
Crop improvement. Volume 3 : Quality characters
Abstract.
Effects of hormonal contraceptives on physical performance and body composition
Plant communities of field boundaries in Finnish farmland
8th Silage conference 1987 : summary of papers
Identification of genes controlling milk production in dairy cattle
Rheological in-line techniques based on ultrasound Doppler methods for the food industry : a literature survey
The effects of protein and carbohydrate supplementation on body composition and muscle strength during resistance training
Host range of lichenivorous moths with special reference to nutritional quality and chemical defence in lichens
CRC handbook of world food legumes : nutritional chemistry, processing technology, and utilization. Vol. 2
β-Glucan contents of groats of different oat cultivars in official variety, in organic cultivation, and in nitrogen fertilization trials in Finland
Comparison of the effects of high-intensity interval running, high-intensity interval circuit training and steady-state running on body composition and glucose tolerance in recreationally active adults
Stem anatomy of annual legume intercropping components: white lupin (Lupinus albus L.), narbonne (Vicia narbonensis L.) and common (Vicia sativa L.) vetches
International food data bases and information exhange : concepts, principles and designs
Advanced dairy chemistry. Vol. 3, Lactose, water, salts and vitamins
Chemical characteristics of Finnish bedrock : 1:1 000 000 scale bedrock map units
CRC handbook of world food legumes : nutritional chemistry, processing technology, and utilization. Vol. 1
The global carbon cycle : [proceedings of the NATO Advanced Study Institute on Contemporary Global Carbon Cycle held in Il Ciocco, Italy, September 8-20, 1991]
Poultry feed from waste : processing and use
Functionality of food phytochemicals
Human body composition
Knott's handbook for vegetable growers
World animal science. B 3, Meat science, milk science and technology
Exposure of infants and children to lead : working document for the 30th meeting of the joint FAO/WHO expert committee on food additives held in Rome, 2-11 June 1986
Emulsifiers in food technology
Minor constituents in the middle atmosphere
Effects of variation in whey and processing factors on whey protein concentrates : composition and gelation properties = Effekter av variasjon i myse og teknologiske faktorer på myseproteinkonsentrater : sammensetning og gel dannende egenskaper
The effect of Scots pine, Norway spruce and silver birch on the chemical composition of stand throughfall and upper soil percolation water in northern Finland
Chemistry and technology of Pacific fish
Fitness for life
4th Eurofoods meeting, May 31-June 3, 1989, Uppsala, Sweden : proceedings
The weed flora in conventionally and organically grown spring cereals was investigated in southern and central Finland during 2007-2009. The survey was conducted in 16 regions, 283 farms and 595 fields (72 organically cropped and 523 conventionally cropped fields, of which 503 were treated with herbicides). The occurrence of weeds was assessed in late July-early August. Altogether 148 weed species were identified, of which 128 were broad-leaved and 20 grass species. In organically cropped fields, the average species number per field was 21 and the most frequent species were Chenopodium album 96%, Stellaria media 94%, Viola arvensis 94% and Elymus repens 89%. In conventionally cropped fields, the average species number was 12 and the most frequent weed species were Viola arvensis 83%, Stellaria media 65%, Galeopsis spp. 59% and Galium spurium 59%. The average density of weeds was 160 m-2 (median = 112) in sprayed conventional fields and 519 m-2 (468) in organic fields. The average air-dry biomass of weeds was 167 kg ha-1 (median = 82) and 775 kg ha-1 (563), respectively. Elymus repens, the most frequent and abundant grass species, produced the highest proportion (about 30%) of the total weed biomass in both cropping systems. The frequency of Galium spurium in conventional cropping and Fumaria officinalis in organic cropping had increased substantially since the previous survey in 1997-1999. The average size of the weed seedbank in the 5 cm surface layer was about 1 700 seeds m-2, the most predominant seeds being of C. album. Although the weed flora in Finnish spring cereal fields consists of numerous species, only a fraction of them severely threaten crop production in terms of their frequency and abundance. Weeds in conventional cropping were effectively controlled with available herbicides whereas weed management in organic cropping calls for urgent measures such as direct mechanical weed control in crop stands, which was not practised at all in survey fields.
Modelling of the sulphur cycle : from DMS to cloud particles
Diet, body adiposity and cardiometabolic risk in a population sample of primary school children
Chemical and physical behavior of human hair
Technology of reduced additive foods
A comparison of the nutritional composition of new potatoes when eaten as fresh or canned
World animal science. 100 3, Dairy-cattle production
Phenolic acids in humus chemistry
The effects of conventional and organic farming system on some quality parameters of grains were studied in winter and spring common wheat, spelt wheat and proso millet. Under organic farming conditions, spelt wheat was characterized by the most favorable grain chemical composition (essential amino acids index [EAAI] 85.3, o-dihydroxyphenol 2.00 g kg-1, nitrogen [N] 23.5 g kg-1, magnesium [Mg] 705, zinc [Zn] 32.9 mg kg-1), followed by millet (total dietary fiber [TDF] 185.3 g kg-1, Mg 904, copper [Cu] 6.27, iron [Fe] 57.0 mg kg-1). The above-mentioned cereals also showed a satisfactory yield level under the organic system (spelt wheat 2.69, proso millet 1.42 t ha-1). Both in winter and spring common wheat organic farming led a significant reduction in productivity, but the content of chemical components in grain (dihydroxyphenols—spring wheat 1.68 g kg-1, winter wheat 1.74 g kg-1; selenium [Se]—spring wheat 53.4 mg kg-1, winter wheat 40.5 mg kg-1; some amino acids—spring wheat valine [Val] 5.11, methionine [Met] 2.09, tryptophan [Trp] 0.40 g kg-1, winter wheat glutamate [Glu] 41.9, proline [Pro] 15.3, glysine [Gly] 5.24, arginine [Arg] 5.04, [Trp] 0.97 g kg-1) was more favorable compared to the conventional system. The present study showed that the organic farming system does not result in reduced productivity neither in spelt wheat or proso millet, but contributes to an improvement in their grain quality parameters. On the other hand, common wheat performed better under the conventional system..
Study on soot and other refractory components from various combustion processes
Wood properties of northern forest trees grown under elevated CO2, O3 and temperature
Tufted carpet : textile fibers, dyes, finishes, and processes
Pressure to change and resistance against it: consumer perceptions and acceptance of nutritionally modified foods
Finnish embryo transfer breeding program "ASMO" : description of the goals and a summary of the results of initial selection
Effect of short-term guided aerobic exercise and diet intervention on overweight women
Food composition data production, management and use
Chef's book of formulas, yields and sizes
Official methods of analysis of AOAC International
Chemical changes during food processing
Egg performance, egg quality, and nutrient utilization in laying hens fed diets with different levels of rapeseed expeller cake
Chemical characterisation of fine particles from biomass burning
Image processing : dealing with texture
Healthy eating
Humus chemistry : genesis, composition, reactions
Food polysaccharides and their applications
Bleikristall : die Pracht des Glases = The splendor of lead crystal
Food - biochemistry and nutritional value
On-line proximate analysis of ground meat by non-contact NIR reflectance measurements : and use of such information in quality modeling for comminuted meat products = On-line analyse av kvernet kjøtt ved hjelp av ikke-kontakt NIR reflektansmålinger, og bruk av slike data for modellering av kvalitet i findelte kjøttprodukter
Experimental evidence for associational resistance against the European pine sawfly in mixed tree stands
An examination of factors affecting the fat : protein ratio of milk produced by cows offered grass silage-based diets
The chemistry of food
Brined cheeses
Biogas composition and upgrading to biomethane
Cosmetic and toiletry formulations
Structure-failure behaviour of biopolymer gels : a literature review
Developments in dairy chemistry. 4, Functional milk proteins
Effect on yield, total phenolic, total flavonoid and total isothiocyanate content of two broccoli cultivars (Brassica oleraceae var italica) following the application of a commercial brown seaweed extract (Ascophyllum nodosum)
Relation between soil properties and tree species composition in a Scots pine-Norway spruce stand in southern Finland
Food Texture Design and Optimization
Loss of sugars contributes to accelerate postharvest senescence of broccoli. Several treatments have been developed to delay senescence, but in many cases their effects on sugar metabolism were not analyzed. We studied the effect of harvest at different times of day (08:00, 13:00 and 18:00 h) and of several postharvest treatments as heat treatment (HT), modified atmosphere (MA) and 1-methylcylcopropene (1-MCP) on sugar levels and activities of enzymes related to sucrose and starch degradation. Harvesting at the end of day delayed the loss of chlorophylls and caused the lowest decrement in sugars, although no differences in invertase, sucrose synthase and β-amylase activities were detected among samples. Treatments of MA and 1-MCP caused a lower loss of glucose and fructose, while HT caused a lower decrement of sucrose. Treated samples maintained higher levels of chlorophylls. The treatments reduced the activity of invertase and sucrose synthase and induced higher levels of β-amylase activity. Harvesting at the end of day and performing simultaneously a MA treatment could be a good combination to maintain the green color of the inflorescence and sugar levels during postharvest of broccoli.
Evaluation of green plants and by-products from the Mekong delta with emphasis on fibre utilisation by pigs
Trends in air concentration and deposition at background monitoring sites in Sweden : major inorganic compounds, heavy metals and ozone
Nectaries and nectar
A comprehensive guide to the hazardous properties of chemical substances
The role of adiposity, growth and inflammation related gene variants in physical performance and body composition
Astringent food compounds and their interactions with taste properties
Eleven advanced strawberry lines ("SJ011‑10", "SJ0440‑2", "SJ061‑8", "SJ066‑3", "SJ069‑3", "SJ069‑12", "SJ0814‑37", "SJ8518‑11", "K04‑12", "LL0220‑10" and "V151") were evaluated for their yield, fruit quality, total phenolic content, total antioxidant capacity, and phenolic composition, and were compared with a commercial cultivar ("Wendy"). The results showed that "SJ069‑3" had excellent soluble solids content, mid-level titratable acidity, low weight loss, and the best firmness among all the cultivars. Higher total antioxidant capacity was found in "SJ069‑3", according to ferric reducing antioxidant power and oxygen radical absorbance capacity assays, an indication that "SJ069‑3" is a promising new cultivar for the fresh market. In addition to rich individual phenolics, "SJ061‑8" had the highest total antioxidant capacity, which was significantly different from the other genotypes, suggesting the potential use of this line as parent material in breeding or as a functional food ingredient. There was a strong relationship between total antioxidant capacity and total phenolic content, according to Folin-Ciocalteu, ferric reducing antioxidant power, and oxygen radical absorbance capacity assays. This study confirms that anthocyanins are major phenolic compounds contributing to the main antioxidant power of strawberries.
Advanced Dairy Chemistry. Vol. 2, Lipids
Composition and dynamics of fish stocks in the Gulf of Riga ecosystem
Expert consultation on nutrition indicators for biodiversity. 2, Food composition
Sensory design of easy-to-chew food for elderly : ingredients and manufacturing conditions with focus on meat and carrot : literature review
Effects of and interactions between the extent of silage fermentation and protein and protein supplementation in lactating dairy cows
Field experiments were conducted to evaluate the effect of an unfortified extract, of Ascophyllum nodosum on yield and nutritional quality of two broccoli cultivars ("Ironman" and "Red Admiral"). Total phenolic, total flavonoid, and total isothiocyanates content were higher in all seaweed treatments compared to the untreated control. In "Ironman" there was a 2.2 fold increase in total phenolic, 1.5 fold in total flavonoid and 2.6 fold in total isothiocyanates content, in the higher application rate compared to the control. Similarly in "Red Admiral", there was a 2.3 fold increase in total phenolic, 2.6 fold in total flavonoid and, 2.2 fold in total isothiocyanates content. There was a consistent effect on the increase of total phenolic, total flavonoid and total isothiocyanates content, while there was no yield increase recorded at the lower seaweed application rate. Results suggest that application of seaweed extracts can significantly increase the amount of phytochemicals and improve the nutritional quality of broccoli.
Atlas of nutritional data on United States and Canadian feeds
Assessing quality and safety of animal feeds
Coffee. 1, Chemistry
Quantity and composition of phytoplankton in Finnish inland waters
Tables of composition and nutritional values of organically produced feed materials for pigs and poultry
Boreal unifloral honeys : screening of composition and properties
Handbook of composite fabrication
Appetite control the role of food composition and structure
Directory of important world honey sources
Novel cosmetic delivery systems
Effects of physical treatment of barley and rapeseed meal in dairy cows given grass silage-based diets
Physico-chemical characterisation of plant residues for industrial and feed use
Chemical mass closure and source-specific composition of atmospheric particles
The technology of making cheese from camel milk (Camelus dromedarius)
Associations of diet with maturation and body composition in pre-pubertal girls
The probability of moose damage at the stand level in southern Finland
Variation of phytosterols and steryl ferulates in wheat grains and fractions
Composition and characteristics of goat milk: review 1968-1979
Formulating, packaking, and marketing of natural cosmetic products
The main weed species and their control in oilseed crops in Finland
Chemistry of tropical root crops : significance for nutrition and agriculture in the Pacific
Measurement of the texture of cooked ham and the effect of texture on perceived saltiness
Effects of post-workout supplements and resistance training on serum metabolome, muscle strength and muscle hypertrophy
Quality characteristics of parental lines of wheat mapping populations
Expert consultation on nutrition indicators for biodiversity. 1, Food composition
Genesis of a massive nickel sulfide deposit associated with peridotite-dunite at Cliffs Mt. Keith, Western Australia
Agronomic characteristics and phytochemical profiles of advanced June-bearing strawberry lines for the northern Canadian climate
Sporopollenin : proceedings of a symposium held at the Geology department, Imperial college, London, 23-25 September, 1970
The potato
Wine flavour chemistry
The content of dietary fiber, amino acids, dihydroxyphenols and some macro- and micronutrients in grain of conventionally and organically grown common wheat, spelt wheat and proso millet
Food science and human nutrition
Chemical characterization and source apportionment of submicron aerosol particles with aerosol mass spectrometers
The composition of foods
Frost flower chemical signature in winter snow on Vestfonna ice cap, Nordaustlandet, Svalbard
Effect of time of day for harvest and postharvest treatments on the sugar metabolism of broccoli (Brassica oleracea var. italica)
Soybeans: chemistry and technology : edited by Allan K. Smith and Sidney J. Circle. 1, Proteins
Utilization of tropical foods: cereals : compendium on technological and nutritional aspects of processing and utilization of tropical foods, both animal and plant, for purposes of training and field reference
Optical emission from electric arc furnaces
Biodiversity through time:coherence, stability and species turnover in boreal stream communities
The chemical physics of food
Characterization of low-molecular weight acidic peptides in the leaves of Trifolium repens and Phaseolus vulgaris
Coffee. Vol. 5, Related beverages
The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of different levels of rapeseed expeller cake (RC) in the diet of laying hens on egg performance, egg quality, retention and excretion of nitrogen, calcium and phosphorus, and metabolizability of energy. The experiment was carried out with 72 Bovans Brown hens, from 28 to 53 weeks of age. Experimental treatment consisted of four isonitrogenous and isocaloric corn-soybean diets (as calculated: 17% crude protein, 11.6 MJ/kg metabolizable energy, 0.81% lysine, 0.36% methionine, 3.60% calcium and 0.37% available phosphorus), containing 0, 4, 6 or 8% RC. The RC used was produced from double zero rapeseed and contained 29.3% crude protein, 17.4% crude fat, 10.8% crude fibre, 0.63% calcium, 0.97% phosphorus, 1.91% lysine and 0.84% methionine. During the experimental period, the dietary level of RC had no significant effects on egg performance and egg quality parameters. Boiled eggs from hens fed a diet with 8% RC were characterized by an inferior flavour to those from other groups. There were no treatment effects on nitrogen balance or metabolizability of energy, though the highest dietary level of RC negatively affected retention and excretion of calcium and phosphorus.
Effects of 24 weeks of single session combined strength and endurance training on body composition and fitness : examination of order effect
Development of inertial impactor size spectroscopy for atmospheric aerosols
Weed flora and weed management of field peas in Finland
Fruit and nuts : 1st supplement to McCance and Widdowson's The composition of foods
Food composition data : a user's perspective : report of a conference held in Logan, Utah, USA, 26-29 March 1985
Brassica crops are rich is phytochemical compounds and frequent consumption of these vegetables has been associated with a lower risk in cancer, heart disease, hypertension and stroke. The effect of three commercial extracts of the brown seaweed, Ascophyllum nodosum, on phytochemical content and yield in cabbage plants was tested under field conditions in two consecutive crops. Total phenolic content was higher in all seaweed treated plants, with the highest increase recorded with AlgaeGreenTM (3.5 l ha-1) with a 2 fold increase relative to the control. The other commercial seaweed extract, XT achieved a lower increases of 1.3 fold (3.5 l ha-1). Similar increases were recorded in total flavonoid content. No statistically significant increases in yield were recorded with any of the seaweed extracts tested. The results suggest that seaweed extracts stimulated an increased accumulation of phytochemicals in cabbage but had no significant effect in yield under these experimental conditions.
Canola and rapeseed : production, chemistry, nutrition and processing technology
Storage of potatoes : post-harvest behaviour, store design, storage practice, handling
Leaf protein and its by-products in human and animal nutrition
Irrigation with treated sewage effluent : management for environmental protection
Emulsion formation and stability
The phytic acid (PA), inorganic phosphorus (Pi), yellow pigment (YP), water soluble phenolics (WSPH) and free protein sulfhydryl groups (PSH) of 15 Triticum aestivum and 15 Triticum durum wheats grown at six different environments were evaluated for variability, intra- and inter- relations with agronomic traits. The most variable properties in bread wheat were YP and WSPH with coefficients of variation (CV) amounting to 14.59% and 14.10%, respectively, while in durum wheat those were PSH and YP with CV of 17.59% and 15.02%, respectively. PA in durum wheat showed the least variability (CV 3.61%). Among others, positive associations were obtained between WSPH and YP in bread and durum wheat, YP and PSH, WSPH and PSH, yield (YLD) and WSPH, YLD and PSH in durum wheat, while negative associations were recorded for PA and YP, PA and WSPH, YLD and antioxidants (YP and WSPH) in bread wheat, PA and antioxidants, PA and YLD in durum wheat..
Automated identification of peat components by means of microspectrophotometry
Effects of an 8-day field training on body composition, serum hormone concentrations and maximal force production in military conscripts
Selenium content of Finnish oats in 1997-1999 : effect of cultivars and cultivation techniques
Prevalence of metabolic syndrome and changes in body composition, physical fitness and cardiovascular risk factors during military service
Food composition and analysis
Changes in body composition with separate day combined strength and endurance training in men and women
Glaciochemical evidence of spatial and temporal environmental variability across Svalbard
Adverse health effects of glycyrrhizic acid in licorice : a risk assessment
Cheese: chemistry, physics and microbiology. Vol. 1, General aspects
Composition of weed flora in spring cereals in Finland : a fourth survey
Plant chemosystematics
Corn : chemistry and technology
Food additives data book
Handbook of cereal science and technology
Commercial vegetable processing
Effect of milk protein polymorphism on protein composition in milk from Norwegian breed of dairy goat and Norwegian dairy cattle = Effekter av genetiske melkeprotein varianter på protein sammensetning i melk fra Norsk geit og Norsk rødt fe
Biosynthesis of very long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids in the leafy vegetable chicory
The chemistry of the atmosphere and oceans
Air chemistry and radioactivity
Effect of species composition on economic return in amixed stand of Norway spruce and Scots Pine
The aim of this work was to evaluate the main quality traits in the parental lines of wheat segregating populations to identify the best for subsequent genetic mapping of the traits. Significant differences (p < 0.001) among wheat genotypes were observed. Many of the examined crosses appeared to be suitable for the purpose, showing differences among parental lines as high as 4.6% for protein content, 6.4% for gluten content, 69 for gluten index, 50 mL for sodium dodecyl sulphate sedimentation volume, and 33.9 g for thousand-kernel weight, whereas differences accounting for 4.8, 2.4, and 7.3 were observed for yellow index, red index and brown index, respectively. The results pointed out that for studying at the same time the quantitative and qualitative features of gluten, the wheat populations derived from Latino x MG29896 and Saragolla x 02-5B-318 could be particularly appropriate. In addition, the latter cross was suitable to deepen the knowledge of yellow index regulation.
A survey of weeds in spring-sown oilseed crops (Brassica rapa ssp. oleifera and Brassica napus ssp. oleifera) was conducted in southern and central Finland during 2007-2009, representing the first such extensive investigation in the country. The occurrence of the most abundant weed species in oilseeds was surveyed in 429 fields. In the fields with moderate or high weed infestation, 1-6 harmful weed species were recorded by visual observation according to their biomass production. About 40 weed species were recorded, the most predominant being Chenopodium album, Galeopsis spp., Galium spurium, Sonchus arvensis and Tripleurospermum inodorum. Elymus repens was the only major grass weed. Chemical weed control of broad-leaved weeds had been practised in 53% of the fields, resulting in relatively good control. In addition, both selective graminicides and glyphosate were used to control E. repens. Mechanical weed control was not practised in any field. The crop yield level was about 300 kg ha-1 higher in the fields with low weed infestation compared with in the highly infested fields. New promising options to replace the banned herbicide trifluralin are available. Thus, the most harmful weeds, such as C. album, which interferes with the production of high-quality oil for human consumption, can still be effectively controlled.
Official methods of analysis of AOAC International : vol. 1-2
Processing fruits : science and technology. Volume 2, Major processed products
Post-harvest physiology of food crops
Malt : a practical guide from field to brewhouse
Permafrost at Lupin : Report of phase II
Needle chemistry on the intensive monitoring plots 1995-2003 = Neulasten kemiallinen koostumus intensiiviseurannan havaintoaloilla vuosina 1995-2003
Enhancement of phenolic and flavonoid compounds in cabbage (Brassica oleraceae) following application of commercial seaweed extracts of the brown seaweed, (Ascophyllum nodosum)
The importance of emulsification techniques, their use in the production of nanoparticles for biomedical applications as well as application of rheological techniques for studying the interaction between the emulsion droplets is gathered in this reference work.Written by some of the top scientists within their respective fields, this book covers such topics as emulsions, nano-emulsions, nano-dispersions and novel techniques for their investigation. It also considers the fundamental approach in areas such as controlled release, drug delivery and various applications of nanotechnology.
Nutritional evaluation of food processing
Effects of composite casein and [beta]-lactoglobulin genotypes on renneting properties and composition of bovine milk by assuming an animal model
Miscellaneous foods : fourth supplement to the 5th edition of McCance and Widdowson's the composition of foods
Association of body composition, physical activity and fracture history on postural sway in girls
The fundamentals of cleaning and coating concrete
Obesity and bone mineral measurements in postmenopausal women
Determination of plant-available manganese in Finnish soils
Seawater : its composition, properties and behaviour
Composition, ileal amino acid digestibility and nutritive value of organically grown legume seeds and conventional rapeseed cakes for pigs
Health behavior of young adult men and the association with body composition and physical fitness during military service
Legume-based fermented foods
Paper chemistry
Summary.
Fruit quality and its biological basis
Somatosensory change detection in young healthy twin males
Composition and cross-sectional area of muscle fibre types in relation to daily gain and lean and fat content of carcass in Landrace and Yorkshire pigs
Nutrition and feeding of organic pigs
Body composition assessment with segmental multifrequency bioimpedance method
Advanced Dairy Chemistry. Vol. 3, Lactose, water, salts and minor constituents
Studies on the volatile compounds in mushrooms
International symposium on medicinal and aromatic plants : Tiberias on the Sea of Galilee, Israel, March 22-25, 1993
Glassblowing : an introduction to solid and blown glass sculpturing
Phytic acid, inorganic phosphorus, antioxidants in bread and durum wheat and their associations with agronomic traits
Applied rubber technology
Predicting community persistence based on different methods of species ranking
Prediction of silage composition and organic matter digestibility from herbage composition and pepsin-cellulase solubility
Natural products of woody plants I-II : chemicals extraneous to the lignocellulosic cell wall
Feeding concentrates : supplements for dairy cows
The changing atmosphere : report of the Dahlem workshop on the changing atmosphere Berlin 1987, November 1-6
Body composition in sport, exercise and health
Effect of high intensity training on insulin sensitivity, glucose tolerance and body composition in rats models of low and high aerobic response to training
The effect of intercropping on stem anatomy of both supporting (Lupinus albus) and supported (Vicia narbonnensis and V. sativa) annual forage legumes was investigated using stereological method. Intercropped plants showed minimal differences in volume densities (Vv) of stem tissues and forage chemical composition compared to sole crops. The proportions of lignin and NDF (Neutral Detergent Fiber) positively correlated with xylem Vv. The proportions of ADF (Acid Detergent Fiber), cellulose and ash in intercropped plants were increased or decreased mostly by less than 10% compared to those in pure stands. The Anatomical Equivalent Ratio (AER) defined as the ratio based on anatomical quality-determining parameters, can assist in the evaluation of the benefits of specific intercropping systems. Intercropping of the legume species studied in this work, especially L. albus with V. sativa, showed encouraging results from anatomical perspective since it would not cause a decline of forage quality.
Effect of pre-treatment of cheese milk on the composition and characteristics of whey and whey products
Cosmetic chemistry : for the skin treatment therapist
Separation process modelling : highlighting the predictive capabilities of the models and the robustness of the solving strategies
Nutritional quality of cereal grains : genetic and agronomic improvement
The chemistry and technology of cereals as food and feed
The synthesis of very long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (VLCPUFAs) was investigated in five cultivars of chicory. Genes for enzymes of the ù3/6 Ä8-desaturation biosynthetic pathways for the formation of C20 VLCPUFAs were inserted into chicory by Agrobacterium-mediated transformation of leaf explants. Plants were transformed by genes encoding Ä9-specific elongating activity from Isochrysis galbana, Ä8-desaturase from Euglena gracilis and Ä5-desaturase from Mortierella alpina, either separately or in combination; transgenic plants were selected on culture medium containing glufosinate ammonium for those transformed with the Ä9-elongase gene alone or in combination with the Ä8-desaturase gene, or kanamycin for plants transformed with the Ä5-desaturase gene. PCR showed the presence of the transgenes within the genome of selected plants, with RT-PCR confirming gene expression. Gas Chromatography of fatty acid methyl esters extracted from freeze-dried leaves of transgenic plants quantified the synthesis of omega-6 arachidonic acid and its precursors eicosadienoic and dihomo-ã-linolenic acids, and omega-3 eicosapentaenoic acid together with its precursors eicosatrienoic and eicosatetraenoic acids. This is the first report of the production of VLCPUFAs in a leafy vegetable. Since VLCPUFAs are the precursors of prostaglandins, the formation of prostaglandins was also investigated in chicory following a second transformation event using the PGHS-1 gene from Mus musculus.
Recent advances in chemistry and technology of fats and oils
Relationship of physical activity, unacylated ghrelin and gene variation with changes in cardiovascular risk factors during military service
Proceedings of the Technical Workshop on Trace Elements, Natural Antioxidants and Contaminants, Helsinki-Espoo, August 25-26, 1995
