http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11216 school (phenomena)
school (phenomena)
Archer has four important role models in his life - his dad, his grandfather, his uncle Paul, and his favorite teacher, Mr. McLeod. When Uncle Paul and Mr. McLeod get married, Archer's sixth-grade year becomes one he'll never forget. --
Avalon high
Challenges to school exclusion : exclusion, appeals and the law
School is for meeting friends : secondary school as lived and remembered
This book challenges the concept of wellbeing as applied to children, particularly in a school-based context. Taking a post-structural approach, it suggests that wellbeing should be understood, and experiences revealed, at the level of the subjective child. This runs counter to contemporary accounts that reduce children's wellbeing to objective lists of things that are needed in order to live well. This book will be useful for academics and practitioners working directly with children, and anyone interested in children's wellbeing.
Abstract: The objective of this Bachelorʼs Thesis was to develop a guide for the immigrant back-ground students of Myllypuro Upper Secondary School. This guide, “Myllypurosta Ponnistaa Maailmalle”, presents the school areas and rules in a visual form, as well as displays the areas and rules in the Finnish language. The purpose of this guide is to enhance the integration process of immigrant background youth who are new to the Finnish schooling system. This thesis presents the process of making the guide, as well as the theoretical background used in the “Myllypurosta Ponnistaa Maailmalle”- guide. The main theoretical framework used in this guide is integration and empowerment. This guide was compiled in assistance with the students and teachers of the Myllypuro Upper Secondary School. The student guidance counselor as well as the teachers of the preparatory class has assisted in the process. In addition, the students have also voiced their opinions about what aspects should be taken into consideration in the guide. The outcome, the “Myllypurosta Ponnistaa Maailmalle”- guide, was made for distribution in the Myllypuro Upper Secondary School. Due to the fact that integration and empowerment are long processes, it has not been possible to accurately measure the results in such a short time, and therefore we have not been able to test how the objective has been met. The initial reactions from the Myllypuro Upper Secondary School have been positive, and the possibility of using this guide in other Finnish Schools has been discussed
Improving the urban high school : what works and why
Methods and materials in school health education
A new school in a new country
School rumble. 4
Equal, but different : an evaluate of the postgraduate polytechnic experiment in Finland : final report
Literacy and gender : researching texts, contexts and readers
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
Polytechnic education
Principal's role in building trust with teachers for a better school climate in Chinese schools : a case study of a high school in Sichuan, China
Parent, student and teacher collaboration : the power of three
Doing sex education : gender politics and schooling
Wayside School is falling down
Sex education in secondary schools
Children with emotional and behavioural difficulties : strategies for assessment and intervention
The bombs that brought us together
Information system for a secondary school in Nigeria: a case study on CHSA
We need to talk about Kevin
If you take a mouse to school
Xiao pi hai ri ji. 10, Pi gu zhao pian feng bo = Diary of a wimpy kid. 10, Old school
Parents' perceptions and experiences of home and school cooperation in English teaching in the secondary school
Summer camp at Trebizon
Entangled education : foreign and local schools in Ottoman Syria and Mandate Lebanon (19-20th centuries)
A community approach to bullying
Recent trends and challenges in Brazilian higher education system
What is it that makes some children bully and some become victims? What can you do if despite your best efforts, a child keeps on taunting another? What steps can you take before communicating with parents and what will you say? The practice of bullying endures in all schools today. Despite the implementation of bullying policies, parents and staff can be equally perplexed: not really understanding what they have or haven't done to allow it to happen. Christine Macintyre explores this highly emotive topic, asking why as many as one in 12 school children are bullying victims, and will show in a highly practical way, what can be done to support the children and help staff improve their own practice. This book will provide help and guidance on: enhancing the self-esteem of the affected children, showing how new-found confidence will enable children to offset the effects of being bullied or indeed being a bully; how to tell parents their child is bullying or being bullied, and how to build up a meaningful and mutually supportive relationship with them; and, creating a learning environment that prevents the desire for children to bully. Based on case studies giving first hand accounts of real-life situations, and evaluations of strategies that have been tried and tested, this book suggests fresh and inspiring ways of tackling a problem faced by many practitioners today.
The monster story-teller
The school population and punishment
Teachers' views on the challenges, points for development and meaning of the Finnish Schools in the UK
School rumble. 6
The magic hamster
The role of the principal's instructional leadership at schools in Indonesia
The state of muslim girls in physical activities and sport and significance of parenting in islamic perspective : (the case of Central and Southern Finland)
Organizational effectiveness and improvement in education ; edited by Alma Harris, Nigel Bennett and Margaret Preedy
Future learning and prior learning and recognition in vocational teacher education
Assassination Classroom. 13. Time for a little career counseling
School rumble. 7
Captain Underpants and the big, bad battle of the Bionic Booger Boy. Part 1, The night of the nasty nostril nuggets
Teacher training and multiculturalism : national studies
School institutions and school hygiene in the Grand Duchy of Finland
Pre-primary and comprehensive school education
Goodbye, Mr Chips
Children's social and emotional wellbeing in schools : a critical perspective
Educative leadership : a practical theory for new administrators and managers
Posttraumatic stress symptoms among school personnel after the Jokela school shooting : a longitudinal study of exposure, interventions, and symptom changes
School violence
Collaborative knowledge construction in authentic school contexts
The rottenest angel
School discipline and school violence : the teacher variance approach
University education
My teacher is a monster! : (no, I am not)
Changing school management : status review - May 2012
School play : a source book
How to overcome bullying at school? : the adult survivors' perspective
Xiao pi hai ri ji. 7, Cong tian er jiang de ju zhai = Diary of a wimpy kid. 7, the third wheel
Scenes from the epic life of a total genius
Oxford school atlas
My first word book about school
Leadership in middle level education. Vol. 2, Leadership in successfully restructuring middle level schools
Transitions across schools and cultures
Parent partnerships in the early years
Captain Underpants and the big, bad battle of the Bionic Booger Boy. Part 2, The revenge of the ridiculous robo-boogers
Captain Underpants and the attack of the talking toilets
A survey of rewards and punishments in schools : a report by the National foundation for educational research in England and Wales
The associations of student temperament type, gender and teacher temperament type with adolescent well-being in school
The nature of teacher discourse during practical work in lower secondary physics education
Cognitive-behavioral psychology in the schools : a comprehensive handbook
A practical guide to mentoring, coaching, and peer-networking : teacher professional development in schools and colleges
Aidan Abet, teacher's pet
TAMK.today : news from Tampere University of Applied Sciences
Teachers' and students' views on distributing justice at school
The school population and punishments
School rumble. 1
What is the future of village schools? : a case study on the life cycle of a school in Northern Finland
Cultivating childhood obesity
The role of student counselling in school leadership : case study in Finnish and Russian schools
Bullying in schools
School rumble. 3
Raising educational standards by means of school effectiveness : a quantitative study of ten senior high schools in the Ashanti region of Ghana
Lessons for schools? : a comparison of business and educational management
Leadership for rural schools : lessons for all educators
The second book in a hilarious and heartfelt new series about a group of magical misfits! Nory Horace is nine years old. She's resourceful, she's brave, she likes peanut butter cookies. Also, like most people in her magical world, she's able to transform into many different animals. Unfortunately, Nory's shape-shifting ability is a bit...wonky. And when she flunks out of her father's own magic academy, Nory's forced to enter the magic equivalent of the remedial classes. But Nory and her new classmates are going to prove that upside-down magic definitely beats right-side up!
The International Handbook of Leadership for Learning brings together chapters by distinguished authors from thirty-one countries in nine different regions of the world. This handbook contains nine sections that provide regional overviews; a consideration of theoretical and contextual aspects; and, system and policy approaches that promote leadership for learning with a focus on educating school leaders for learning and the role of the leader in supporting learning. It also considers the challenge of educating current leaders for this new perspective, and how leaders themselves can develop leadership for learning in others and in their organisations, especially in diverse contexts and situations. The final chapter considers what we now know about leadership for learning and looks at ways this might be further improved in the future. This book provides the reader with an understanding of the rich contextual nature of learning in schools and the role of school leaders and leadership development in promoting this. It concludes that the preposition 'for' between the two readily known and understood terms of 'leadership' and 'learning' changes everything as it foregrounds learning and complexifies, rather than simplifies, what that word may mean. Whereas common terms such as 'instructional leadership' reduce learning to 'outcomes', leadership for learning embraces a much wider, developmental view of learning.
Arab world in the subjects of history, geography and Slovene language in elementary and secondary schools in Slovenia
Taking up one's worries : a handbook on early dialogues
School report : very funny poems about school!
Richard Scarry's Great big schoolhouse
Fostering the relationship between home and school : a case study of a senior secondary school in the Gambia
Social and emotional challenges encountered in the beginning of school
Language, Culture, and Teaching : critical perspectives
Comprehensive Internationalisation in Finnish Higher Education Institution : Case: Seinäjoki University of Applied Sciences
Education for leadership : designing, implementing and evaluating a leadership training programme in seven South African high schools
Education, assumptions and values
Discourses of internationalization in Finnish higher education : a critical discourse analysis of legitimation strategies used in internationalization documents
A learning community : teachers and students engaged in developing their own learning and understanding
Wayside School gets a little stranger
Student perspective on software development, processes and entrepreneurship in Finnish University of Applied Sciences
Differences in children's school success and family backgrounds : a comparative case study of pupils' performance in entrance examination in Ibadan, Nigeria
Integrating practice-based experiences into higher education
The ethics of educational management : personal, social and political perspectives on school organization
Pippi goes to school
“Myllypurosta Ponnistaa Maailmalle” - guide: enhancing the integration of young immigrants at Myllypuro upper secondary school
Sparing the rod : schools, discipline and children's rights
Psychosocial well-being of schoolchildren in the Barents region : a comparison from the northern parts of Norway, Sweden and Finland and Northwest Russia
Billy Bramble and the great big cook off
This book presents chapters by many eminent researchers and interventionists, all of whom address the development of deaf and hard-of-hearing children in the context of family and school. A variety of disciplines and perspectives are provided in order to capture the complexity of factors affecting development of these children in their diverse environments. Consistent with current theory and educational practice, the book focuses most strongly on the interaction of family and child strengths and needs and the role of educational and other interventionists in supporting family and child growth. This work, and the authors represented in it, have been influenced by the seminal work of Kathryn P. Meadow-Orlans, whose work continues to apply a multidisciplinary, developmental approach to understanding the development of deaf children. The book differs from other collections in the degree to which the chapters share ecological and developmental theoretical bases. A synthesis of information is provided in section introductions and in an afterword provided by Dr. Meadow-Orlans. The book reflects emerging research practice in the field by representing both qualitative and quantitative approaches. e chapters in the book may surprise readers in that they present a more positive view of family and child functioning than has historically been the case in this field. This is consistent with emerging data from deaf and hard of hearing children who have benefitted from early identification and intervention. In addition, it represents an emerging recognition of strengths shown by the children and by their deaf and hearing parents. The book moves from consideration of child and family to a focus on the role and effects of school environments on development. Issues of culture and expectations pervade the chapters in this section of the book, which includes chapters addressing effects of school placement options, positive effects of learning about deaf culture and history, effects of changing educational practice in developing nations, and the need for increased knowledge about ways to meet individual needs of the diverse group of deaf and hard of hearing students. Thus, the book gives the reader a coherent view of current knowledge and issues in research and intervention for deaf and hard of hearing children and their families.
School bus saves the day
Please don't tell my parents I've got henchmen
Bullying : a practical guide to coping for schools
National policies that connect ICT-based education reform to economic and social development
Education for cultural diversity : the challenge for a new era
Teachers : their world and their work : implications for school improvement
Dealing with the problem of pupil misbehavior
”Big, strong, brave, - all kinds of stuff”. Masculinities, power hierarchies, and violence in school.
Student engagement in Finnish lower secondary school
Classrooms as learning communities : what's in it for schools?
The I used to know that activity book : stuff you forgot from school
In search of lost postmodern - descriptions of school social work expertise in official documents : a rhetorical discourse analytic approach
There's a pig up my nose!
Educational leadership : Journal of the Association for supervision and curriculum development
Leadership in Finnish comprehensive school core curricula since the 1970s
Why school antibullying programs don't work
Children excluded from primary school : debates, evidence, responses
Learning across cultures
Concluding
Princess academy
Learning with technology
Promoting interprofessional education in the University of Oulu
The rest of us just live here
Pre-primary school teachers' approaches to mathematics education in Finland
Burden of difference? : school welfare personnel's and parents' views on wellbeing of migrant children in Finland
The school of wellbeing : 12 extraordinary projects promoting children and young people's mental health and happiness
Looking behind the classroom door
Summer term at Trebizon
Precocious
Individual, family and teacher level correlates of behavioral and cognitive school engagement
Lahti UAS ICT Projects 2015
Diary of a wimpy kid : Greg Heffley's journal
School rumble. 5
Children's literature in the elementary school
Bullying in schools : and what to do about it
Abstract: Equality and Progress - The Finnish Education Project Under Russian Rule.
Captain Abdul's pirate school
What does a pathetic class of misfits have in their arsenal to combat their schoolteacher’s alien technology, bizarre powers and...tentacles?! Ever caught yourself screaming, "I could just kill that teacher"? What would it take to justify such antisocial behavior and weeks of detention? Especially if he's the best teacher you've ever had? Giving you an "F" on a quiz? Mispronouncing your name during roll call...again? How about blowing up the moon and threatening to do the same to Mother Earth—unless you take him out first?! Plus a reward of a cool 100 million from the Ministry of Defense! Okay, now that you're committed... How are you going to pull this off? The Grim Reaper sets up a lethal trap that buries Mr. Karasuma and Ms. Vitch alive. Will Mr. Karasuma’s repressed feelings surface before he and Ms. Vitch do? And how will Mr. Karasuma face Death? Then, despite his vow to destroy the planet in March, Koro Sensei offers career counseling to his students. Nagisa’s professional goal raises some serious issues. And finally, it’s time for the next school festival showdown. Class A and Class E compete for the most customers. If they build it, will they come…to the top of 3-E’s remote mountaintop?
The school leadership views on the impact of the national school feeding programme in Ghana : the case study of Adumanu M/A and Ayaasi D/A primary schools
Distributed leadership and teacher’ self-efficacy : the case studies of three Chinese schools in Shanghai
Captain Underpants and the wrath of the wicked wedgie woman
The Monroe doctrine (model) in the Swedish context : evaluation of "Quadriceps school programme"
Surprises according to Humphrey
More adventures according to Humphrey
School rumble. 2
Virtuality and digital nomadism : an introduction to the LIVE Project (1997-2000)
Building classroom discipline
Abstract: "Big, strong, brave, - all kinds of stuff" : masculinities, power hierarchies, and violence in school.
Innocent, yet ambitious : childhood in 19th century America as depicted in Louisa May Alcott's Little Women series
The deaf child in the family and at school : essays in honor of Kathryn P. Meadow-Orlans
Geese find the missing piece : school time riddle rhymes
School desegregation : cross-cultural perspectives
Crisis and renewal in one Finnish private school
Making the dream of a Sámi school come true : voices from the field
The empowered school : the management and practice of development planning
School bullying : insights and perspectives
Transitions in school life : teachers' experiences of pupil's middle-of-the-school-year transitions
Solving discipline problems : strategies for classroom teachers
Classroom management : the successful use of behavior modification
Teachers' perspectives on the changes and challenges in teaching English in Finland
Principles of educational management
School, culture and well-being : ArctiChildren research and development findings from northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and north-west Russia
Innovative school discipline
Goodnight Punpun. 1
Sequential explanatory study of factors connected with science achievement in six countries: Finland, England, Hungary, Japan, Latvia and Russia : study based on TIMSS 1999
A Marketing Strategy for International Summer School
Bullying and young children : understanding the issues and tackling the problem
An assession of the applicability of shared leadership tenets in Cameroon : the case of Buea municipality
Headmaster-teacher relationship in leading school
Mulberry goes to school
Technology-supported educational innovations in Finland and Hong Kong : a tale of two systems
Student engagement in two Singaporean secondary schools
The school of the FuTure : theoretical and pedagogical approaches for creative and playful learning environments
Good Knight, Bad Knight
An action-oriented perspective on caring leadership : a qualitative study of higher education administrators' positive leadership experiences
Social contagion of autonomous motivation among professional educators : as a resource of leadership in schools
Pathways to cultural awareness : cultural therapy with teachers and students
A wholesome humanity, a healthy environment : the outcomes of first three terms and future plans
What would middle school be like if half your classmates had super powers? It's time for Penny Akk to find out. Her latest (failed) attempt to become a superhero has inspired the rest of the kids in her school to reveal their own powers.  Now, all of her relationships are changing. She has a not-at-all-secret admirer, who wants to be Penny's partner almost as much as she wants to be Penny's rival. The meanest girl in school has gained super powers and lost her mind. Can Penny help her find a better one? Can she help an aging supervillain connect with his daughter, and mend the broken hearts of two of the most powerful people in the world? And in all this, where will she find time for her own supervillainous fun, or even more dangerous, to start dating?  It's going to be a long, strange semester.
Human dignity in the learning environment : testing a sociological paradigm for a diversity-positive milieu with school starters
Educational assessment of students
School climate : measuring, improving and sustaining healthy learning environments
International Handbook of Leadership for Learning
Good job! - giving positive feedback in EFL lessons : comparison of primary and secondary school
Possibilities for strengthening the international orientation of Business Administration and Economics Faculty at Niederrhein University of Applied Sciences.
Schools and disruptive pupils
Participative leadership practice in junior high schools and actions to improve the practice : a case study of Sekyere south district, Ghana
Social media for school leaders : a comprehensive guide to getting the most out of Facebook, Twitter, and other essential Web tools
Captain Underpants and the preposterous plight of the purple potty people : the eighth epic novel
Is privatization of education beneficial for Morocco? : evaluation of Morocco's privatization policy on the basis of a cross-sectional study of quality of education in public and private schools in Casablanca
Towards schooling for the twenty-first century
The best man
Who stole the hamster?
Sticks and stones
Art in the classroom : a handbook for primary teachers
Pushing perfect
Teacher, Pupil, and task : elements of social psychology applied to education : a practical manual for teachers
A wholesome humanity, a healthy environment : the outcomes of first three terms and future plans : a report of the OECD/CERI project : Environment and School Initiatives
Integration of newly arrived immigrant pupils into schools : focus ethnography on 'preparation for basic education' in Finland
al-Yawm al-awwal li-Sam = Sam's first day
Head of department : principles in practice
Creating a security plan for Eira High School for Adults
The princess diaries
Education for the intercultural experience
Behavioral inhibition as moderator of the relation between parenting and academic skill development in first grade -students
Teachers' perspective on gratitude within classroom environment
Open source as a pedagogical tool in higher education
A short course of Stalinism
Greg records his sixth grade experiences in a middle school where he and his best friend, Rowley, undersized weaklings amid boys who need to shave twice daily, hope just to survive, but when Rowley grows more popular, Greg must take drastic measures to save their friendship.
“Myllypurosta Ponnistaa Maailmalle” - Guide : Enhancing the Integration of Young Immigrants at Myllypuro Upper Secondary School
Challenging the school mathematics culture : an investigative small-group approach : ethnographic teacher research on social and sociomathematical norms
