http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11224 stratosphere
stratosphere
Coupling of spectral and vertical inversion in the analysis of stellar occultation data
The state of the environment
On the behaviour of tropospheric and stratospheric ozone in Northern Europe and in Antarctica 1987-90
Ionosphere-atmosphere interaction during solar proton events
Climate variability and extremes during the past 100 years
Structure of the stratosphere and mesosphere
The role of the stratosphere in global change : [proceedings of the NATO Advanced Study Institute held at Carqueiranne, France, September 14-25, 1992]
IPCC/TEAP special report on safeguarding the ozone layer and the global climate system : issues related to hydrofluorocarbons and perfluorocarbons : summary for policymakers and technical summary
The human impact of climate uncertainty : weather information, economic planning, and business management
The state of the environment 1985.
Scientific assessment of stratospheric ozone : 1989. Vol. I.
Aviation and the global atmosphere
Measurement of atmospheric ozone columns by a star-pointing imaging spectrometer
Proceedings of the ECMWF/SPARC workshop on Modelling and Assimilation for the Stratosphere and Tropopause, 23 to 26 June 2003.
In the 1950s and early 1960s a small fraternity of daring, brilliant men made the first exploratory trips into the upper stratosphere, reaching the edge of outer space in tiny capsules suspended beneath plastic balloons. This book tells the story of these tenacious men as they labored on the cusp of a new age, seeing things that no one had ever seen and experiencing conditions no one was sure they could survive. Mostly U.S. Air Force and Navy officers, among them doctors, physicists, meteorologists, engineers, astronomers, and test pilots, they struggled with meager budgets, bureaucratic politics, and one another. It is a thrilling story of tremendous personal sacrifice and great risk for the promise of adventure and the opportunity to uncover a few precious aspects of the universe. Capt. Joseph Kittinger, for example, rode a balloon up to 103,000 feet in an open gondola and then stepped out and freefell to Earth, becoming the only person to break the sound barrier without a vehicle. Lt. Col. David Simons stayed aloft for a full day and night in a primitive pressurized capsule to become one of the first to see the curvature of the planet. In this work, Craig Ryan masterfully captures the drama of their spectacular achievements and those of many of the other space pioneers who made America's stratospheric balloon programs possible.
Environmental impact of stratospheric flight : biological and climatic effects of aircraft emissions
Observations of water vapour in the middle atmosphere
Aerosol-cloud-climate interactions
A study of the operational principles of the GOMOS instrument for global ozone monitoring by the occultation of stars
5th International Atmospheric Limb Conference and Workshop : book of abstracts
Dynamical processes in the stratosphere and upper troposphere and their influence on the distribution of trace gases in the polar atmosphere
The pre-astronauts : manned ballooning on the threshold of space
Observations of production and transport of NO[sub x] formed by energetic particle precipitation in the polar night atmosphere
1st international HEPPA workshop 2008 : book of abstracts
A chemistry-transport model simulation of the stratospheric ozone for 1980 to 2019
Atmospheric chemistry and physics : from air pollution to climate change
Inventory of Nordic research projects within the areas "Global Climate Change" and "Stratospheric Ozone Depletion" 1991
The physics of the stratosphere
This thesis studies the long-term relation between the solar wind driven energetic particle forcing into the atmosphere and the tropospheric circulation in the Northern Hemisphere winter. The work covers the period of more than one hundred years since the turn of the 20th century to present. The thesis makes a statistical analysis of satellite measurements of precipitating energetic electrons, sunspot number data and geomagnetic activity, and compares them with temperature and pressure measurements made at the Earth's surface.Recent results, both observational and from chemistry climate models, have indicated significant effects in the Earth's middle atmosphere due to the energetic electrons precipitating from the magnetosphere. These effects include the formation of reactive hydrogen and nitrogen oxides in the high latitude mesosphere and the depletion of ozone caused by them. Ozone is a radiatively active and important gas, which affects the thermal structure and dynamics of the middle atmosphere. Accordingly, the depletion of ozone can intensify the large scale stratospheric circulation pattern called the polar vortex. Winter weather conditions on the surface have been shown to be dependent on the polar vortex strength.This thesis shows that there is a significant relation between the average fluxes of medium energy (ten to hundred keVs) precipitating electrons and surface temperatures in parts of the Northern Hemisphere in winter time. Temperatures are positively correlated with electron fluxes in North Eurasia and negatively correlated in Greenland during the period 1980-2010 which is covered by direct satellite observations of precipitating particles. This difference is especially notable when major sudden stratospheric warmings and the quasi-biennial oscillation (QBO), which both are known to affect the polar vortex strength, are taken into account. When extended to the late 19th century, the analysis shows that a similar temperature pattern is predominated during the declining phase of the sunspot cycle. The high speed solar wind streams and energetic particle precipitation typically maximize also at the declining phase of the solar cycle. This specific temperature pattern is related to the variability of the northern annular mode (NAM), which is the most significant circulation pattern in the Northern Hemisphere winter. Before the space era, geomagnetic activity measured by ground observations can be used as a proxy for energetic particle precipitation. Earlier studies have found a significant positive correlation between geomagnetic activity and NAM since the 1960s. We find that, when the QBO measured at 30 hPa height is in the easterly phase, a positive correlation is extended to the beginning of 1900s. We also show that high geomagnetic activity causes a stronger effect in the Northern Hemisphere winter than high sunspot activity, especially in the Atlantic and Eurasia.A comprehensive knowledge of the Earth's climate system and all its drivers is crucial for the future projection of climate. Solar variability effects have been estimated to produce only a small factor to the global climate change. However, there is increasing evidence, including the results presented in this thesis, that the different forms of solar variability can have a substantial effect to regional and seasonal climate variability. With this new evidence, the solar wind related particle effects in the atmosphere are now gaining increasing attention. These effects will soon be included in the next coupled model inter comparison project (CMIP6) as an additional solar related climate effect. This emphasizes the relevance of this thesis.
Understanding atmospheric change : a survey of the background science and implications of climate change and ozone depletion
Handbook of atmospheric science : principles and applications
Atmospheric chemistry : fundamentals and experimental techniques
Observations of solar wind related climate effects in the Northern Hemisphere winter
Scientific assessment of ozone depletion : 1991.
