http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11251 residents
residents
What makes borders real : in the Namibia-Zambia and Uganda-South Sudan borderlands
Attitudes and participation of local authority residents 1966-2004
Above the waterfall
Inari and its population
Evidence of things not seen
City of lies : love, sex, death and the search for truth in Tehran
The wanderer
Conquering nature and engaging with the environment in the Russian industrialised North
Bertie plays the blues : for print disabled people
The Marine 2
Facilitating change : towards resident-oriented housing modernisation with collaborative design
"There is no such thing as bad publicity, except in Midnight, Texas, where the residents like to keep to themselves. Even in a town full of secretive people, Olivia Charity is an enigma. She lives with the vampire Lemuel, but no one knows what she does; they only know that she's beautiful and dangerous. Psychic Manfred Bernardo finds out just how dangerous when he goes on a working weekend to Dallas and sees Olivia there with a couple who are both found dead the next day. To make matters worse, one of Manfred's regular and very wealthy clients dies during a reading. Manfred returns from Dallas embroiled in scandal and hounded by the press. He turns to Olivia for help; somehow he knows that the mysterious Olivia can get things back to normal. As normal as things get in Midnight"--
Chief Inspector Armand Gamache of the Sûreté du Québec and his team of investigators are called in to the scene of a suspicious death in a rural village south of Montreal. Jane Neal, a local fixture in the tiny hamlet of Three Pines, just north of the U.S. border, has been found dead in the woods. The locals are certain it's a tragic hunting accident and nothing more, but Gamache smells something foul in these remote woods, and is soon certain that Jane Neal died at the hands of someone much more sinister than a careless bowhunter.--From publisher description.
44 Scotland Street
Dublin's famous people and where they lived
The disappearances
The drought
A slant of light : a novel
Stinking rich and just plain stinky : or a diamond as big as his head
Recreational trail use of residents in Jasper National Park, Canada
Protecting housing rights in Nigeria : the role of NGOs
Neighbourhoods: their place in urban life
Rustication : a novel
The island hideaway
The time is now
Community divided : adaptation and aversion towards the spent nuclear fuel repository in Eurajoki and its neighbouring municipalities
A wolf called Romeo
Cuba : the sights, sounds, flavors, and faces
Dancing in the dark. My struggle book 4
Not forgetting the whale
Second home tourism in Finland : perceptions of citizens and municipalities on the state and development of second home tourism
In a valley of violence
The burning
The world according to Bertie
This house is not for sale
Chowringhee
Peppercorn Street
One wish
The spinning heart
The wolf in winter
"FIRST IN A NEW TRILOGY   From Charlaine Harris, the bestselling author who created Sookie Stackhouse and her world of Bon Temps, Louisiana, comes a darker locale-populated by more strangers than friends. But then, that's how the locals prefer it.  Welcome to Midnight, Texas, a town with many boarded-up windows and few full-time inhabitants, located at the crossing of Witch Light Road and Davy Road. It's a pretty standard dried-up western town.  There's a pawnshop (someone lives in the basement and is seen only at night). There's a diner (people who are just passing through tend not to linger). And there's new resident Manfred Bernardo, who thinks he's found the perfect place to work in private (and who has secrets of his own).  Stop at the one traffic light in town, and everything looks normal. Stay awhile, and learn the truth... "--
The hero
Shame and the captives
Until the darkness comes
The chance
Claire of the sea light
Capital : a portrait of twenty-first century Delhi
Residential area and health:a study of the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1966
Last chance in the Pyrenees
The street
The songbird
Citizen empowerment - a challenge for local democracy in Finland
The watery part of the world : a novel
Citizen empowerment : a challenge for local democracy in Finland
The culture of calamity : disaster and the making of modern America
The sense of an elephant
Visitor's guide to ancient Rome : based on the travels of Lucius Minimus Britanicus
Inside the dream palace : the life and times of New York's legendary Chelsea hotel
The people of the sierra
The trouble with goats and sheep
Vienan sydän = The heart of Viena
The French postmistress
Terror in Meeple City
Stinking rich and just plain stinky
The true tale of the monster Billy Dean : telt by hisself
A man called Ove
Rosewater and soda bread : a novel
The unbearable lightness of scones : a 44 Scotland Street novel
The newcomer
Lights out Liverpool
Socioeconomic differences in a rural district in Vietnam : effects on health and use of health services
The importance of being seven : a 44 Scotland Street novel
House of shadows
Urban encounters, performance and innovation / Pasi Mäenpää
Espresso tales : the latest from 44 Scotland Street
Mystery in the village
Will Eisner's New York : life in the big city
The caller
The revolving door of life : a 44 Scotland Street novel
Processes of residential differentation in socialist cities : literature review on the cases of Budapest, Prague, Tallinn and Warsaw
Night shift
Tourism and Nature Conservation in Koillismaa Region, Northern Finland
Void's enigmatic mansion. 1
Residential area and health : a study of the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1966
The killables
Slow road to Brownsville : a journey through the heart of the Old West
Humans of New York : stories
Sustainability of nature-based tourism
Snow White Must Die by Nele Neuhaus is a tremendous new contemporary mystery series and huge international bestseller--with more than 2.5 million copies in print!On a rainy November day police detectives Pia Kirchhoff and Oliver von Bodenstein are summoned to a mysterious traffic accident: A woman has fallen from a pedestrian bridge onto a car driving underneath. According to a witness, the woman may have been pushed. The investigation leads Pia and Oliver to a small village, and the home of the victim, Rita Cramer.On a September evening eleven years earlier, two seventeen-year-old girls vanished from the village without a trace. In a trial based only on circumstantial evidence, twenty-year-old Tobias Sartorius, Rita Cramer's son, was sentenced to ten years in prison. Bodenstein and Kirchhoff discover that Tobias, after serving his sentence, has now returned to his home town. Did the attack on his mother have something to do with his return?In the village, Pia and Oliver encounter a wall of silence. When another young girl disappears, the events of the past seem to be repeating themselves in a disastrous manner. The investigation turns into a race against time, because for the villagers it is soon clear who the perpetrator is--and this time they are determined to take matters into their own hands.An atmospheric, character-driven and suspenseful mystery set in a small town that could be anywhere, dealing with issues of gossip, power, and keeping up appearances
The UnDutchables : an observation of the Netherlands: its culture and its inhabitants
Shaping places online : exploring the potential of the Internet for public engagement in spatial local governance
Midnight crossroad
Loving and conquering nature : shifting perceptions of the environment in the industrialised Russian North
The readers of Broken Wheel recommend
Tourism, mobility, and second homes : between elite landscape and common ground
Circling the square : stories from the Egyptian Revolution
Still life
The cruelest month
The economic effects of 'out-of-county'-cottagers on the cottage municipalities in Finland : a case study on the local consumption in Kustavi municipality
Chief Inspector Armand Gamache of the Sûreté du Québec is called to investigate the death of a villager at an Easter séance that was held at the Old Hadley House.
Above the waterfall : a novel
Sporting mega-events and the residents : assessing the IAAF World Champonships 2005
The prophecy of bees
Hunter and habitat in the central Kalahari Desert
Housing by people : towards autonomy in building environments
Between house and person
The hilltop
The system
Nestled on the Oregon coast is a small town of rocky beaches and rugged charm. Locals love the land's unspoiled beauty. Developers see it as a potential gold mine. When newcomer Hank Cooper learns he's been left an old friend's entire beachfront property, he finds himself with a community's destiny in his hands. Cooper has never been a man to settle in one place, and Thunder Point was supposed to be just another quick stop. But Cooper finds himself getting involved with the town. And with Sarah Dupre, a woman as complicated as she is beautiful
The prophet of Yonwood
Urban liberties and citizenship from the Middle Ages up to now = Libertés et citoyenneté urbaines du moyen âge à nos jours = Städtische Freiheiten und bürgerliche Partizipation vom Mittelalter bis heute : actes du colloque 2009 de la Commission internationale pour l'Histoire des villes
Sunshine on Scotland Street : a 44 Scotland Street novel
Bertie's guide to life and mothers : a 44 Scotland Street novel
Snow White must die
