http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11268 affectivity
affectivity
Deepening mathematics related affect research into social and cultural : decline, measurement and the significance of students' multilevel affect in Finland and Chile
Cognitive vulnerability to emotional disorders
Encountering affect : capacities, apparatuses, conditions
Social and emotional learning in the classroom : promoting mental health and academic success
Handbook of affect and social cognition
E-mail and ethics : style and ethical relations in computer-mediated communication
Fact and value in emotion
Emotional transfer protocol : experiments in emotion transmission
International handbook of emotions in education
Do emotions help or hurt decision making? : a hedgefoxian perspective
The spiritual automaton : Spinoza's science of the mind
Love at Goon Park : Harry Harlow and the science of affection
The senses of touch : haptics, affects, and technologies
Reality television, affect and intimacy : reality matters
Happiness, hope, and despair : rethinking the role of education
Affect and cognition : the seventeenth Annual Carnegie symposium on cognition
Jean Rhys : twenty-first-century approaches
Affectivity and philosophy after Spinoza and Nietzsche : making knowledge the most powerful affect
Hanging out with young people, urban spaces and ideas : openings to dwelling, participation and thinking
Conference proceedings for affective encounters : rethinking embodiment in feminist media studies
Affectivity and the Social Bond offers a fresh and original perspective on the relationship between affectivity and transcendence in nineteenth and twentieth century French social theory. Engaging in a conceptual analysis of the works of Comte, Durkheim, Bataille and Girard, this book exposes a major transformation brought about by the sociological gaze in understandings of affectivity and its relationship to both sociality and transcendence in nineteenth century social thought: the ambivalence between the transcendence of the social and the immanence of affective experience. Revealing the manner in which questions of violence and economy are intertwined in the sociological analysis of affectivity, Affectivity and the Social Bond reflects upon the problem of controlling affectivity, alongside the political implications and possible dangers of a sociological model which seeks the roots of the social bond first and foremost in the affective realm. A rigorous engagement with the classics of French social theory, their treatment of human affectivity and its relationship to social integration and regulation, this book will appeal not only to sociologists and social theorists, but also to those with interests in social and political philosophy and the history of ideas. --Publisher's description.
Social and emotional learning : a critical appraisal
Affect and American literature in the age of neoliberalism
Addressing an under researched area of modernist studies, reconsidering modernist attitudes towards feeling in the light of the humanities' turn to affect, this book presents essays by international scholars exploring the relationships between modernism and affect. It offers multi and interdisciplinary approach to modernist studies.
The affective turn : theorizing the social
Affectivity and the social bond : transcendence, economy and violence in French social theory
The oxford companion to emotion and the affective sciences
The Dynamics of affect, cognition, and social environment in the regulation of personal learning processes: The case of mathematics
Emotions : a social science reader
Affective methodologies : developing cultural research strategies for the study of affect
Reality Television, Affect and Intimacy shifts current discussions of media and reality from the informative to the affective, from knowledge to feelings. In reality television, Misha Kavka argues, everyday 'reality' is the ground for an experience of immediacy, or televisual intimacy, that is self-evidently mediated and performed. The book explores this paradox by conceptualising the relation between affect and media. For Kavka, affect matters because the feelings generated across the screen are real in a material way. Investigating such concepts as publicity and privacy in reality TV families, performance technologies in Big Brother, arranged marriages in romance reality TV, and gender, race and sexuality in Survivor and Project Runway, she argues that affect is the core reality of a public sphere that is reconfigured by its viewing patterns. Renewing attention to the complexities of affective intimacies, this book offers the rich realities of feeling as a critical alternative to traditional communication models.
Measurement of affective empathy with Pictorial Empathy Test (PET)
"The Art of Making Do in Naples offers a riveting ethnography of the lives of men seeking personal sovereignty in a shadow economy dominated by violent organized crime networks. Jason Pine's trenchant observations and his own improvised attempts at "making do" provide a fascinating look into the lives of people in the gray zones where organized crime blends into ordinary life"--
Parables for the virtual : movement, affect, sensation
"While rumors of the imminent death of the novel are everywhere, this book shows how some of our most significant twenty-first century writers mobilize the idea of the end of the novel to reimagine the ethics and politics of literature. Writers like J.M. Coetzee, Teju Cole, and Tom McCarthy disturb the emotional scenarios through which the novel form traditionally operates in order to figure unregimented forms of life and affect. Contemporary Literature and the End of the Novel combines intense discussions of key contemporary works and of theories of the novel with original interventions in current critical and theoretical debates--about affect, the anthropocene, biopolitics, cosmopolitanism, and about the forms and functions of fiction after 9/11 and after postmodernism"--
Mood disorders : a handbook of science and practice
Alienation and affect
Religious affects : animality, evolution, and power
The neuropsychology of emotion
Traversals of affect : on Jean-Franc̦ois Lyotard
The role of prosody in affective speech
Handbook of tourist behavior : theory & practice
'The capacity to affect and to be affected'. This simple definition opens a world of questions – by indicating an openness to the world. To affect and to be affected is to be in encounter, and to be in encounter is to have already ventured forth. Adventure: far from being enclosed in the interiority of a subject, affect concerns an immediate participation in the events of the world. It is about intensities of experience. What is politics made of, if not adventures of encounter? What are encounters, if not adventures of relation? The moment we begin to speak of affect, we are already venturing into the political dimension of relational encounter. This is the dimension of experience in–the–making. This is the level at which politics is emergent. In these wide–ranging interviews, Brian Massumi explores this emergent politics of affect, weaving between philosophy, political theory and everyday life. The discussions wend their way 'transversally': passing between the tired oppositions which too often encumber thought, such as subject/object, body/mind and nature/culture. New concepts are gradually introduced to remap the complexity of relation and encounter for a politics of emergence: 'differential affective attunement', 'collective individuation', 'micropolitics', 'thinking–feeling', 'ontopower', 'immanent critique'. These concepts are not offered as definitive solutions. Rather, they are designed to move the inquiry still further, for an ongoing exploration of the political problems posed by affect. Politics of Affect offers an accessible entry–point into the work of one of the defining figures of the last quarter century, as well as opening up new avenues for philosophical reflection and political engagement.
Mind over mood : change how you feel by changing the way you think
Theatres of the body : a psychoanalytic approach to psychosomatic illness
Affect, space and animals
Raising your spirited child : a guide for parents whose child is more intense, sensitive, perceptive, persistent, and energetic
Age differences in arousal, perception of affective pictures, and emotional memory enhancement : appraisal, electrodermal activity, and imaging data
Handbook of attachment : theory, research, and clinical applications
This book draws upon cognitive and affect theory to examine applications of contemporary performance practices in educational, social and community contexts. The writing is situated in the spaces between making and performance, exploring the processes of creating work defined variously as collaborative, participatory and socially engaged.
Caring classrooms/ intelligent schools : the social emotional education of young children
Psychoanalytic theories of affect
Taxonomy of educational objectives : the classification of educational goals : handbook. 2, Affective domain
The fabric of affect in the psychoanalytic discourse
Emotion, affect, sentiment : the language and aesthetics of feeling
Comorbidity of mood and anxiety disorders
Strong start, pre-K : a social & emotional learning curriculum
The transmission of affect
Values of literature
Applying performance : live art, socially engaged theatre and affective practice
Modernism and affect
Affective equality : love, care and injustice
Underlying the religious art of the Renaissance is a tension between the needs of the Church and the impulse to create great works. This beautifully illustrated book presents sacred images from the 15th and 16th centuries, leading up to two pivotal events in 1563. The Council of Trent, which signified the beginning of the Counter-Reformation, defined requirements that curtailed the freedom of painters and patrons in creating art for churches, while the founding of the Accademia del Disegno in Florence symbolically acknowledged that artists had achieved the status of creators not craftsmen. Marcia Hall takes a fresh look at some of the greatest painters of the Italian Renaissance not typically associated with sacred imagery and shows how they navigated their way through the paradox of 'limited freedom' to forge a new kind of religious art.
The senses of touch : haptics, affects and technologies / Mark Paterson
Immaterial bodies : affect, embodiment, mediation / Lisa Blackman
Immaterial bodies : affect, embodiment, mediation
Emphatic vision : affect, trauma and contemporary art / Jill bennett
Adolescents' happiness : the role of the affective temperament model on memory and apprehension of events, subjective well-being, and psychological well-being
Contemporary literature and the end of the novel : creature, affect, form
Why we read literature and why we should read literature are age-old questions that have, in recent years, gained unprecedented scope and intensity, against the backdrop of what has been perceived as a world-wide crisis in the humanities. While scholars frequently discuss different types of value separately, in this volume values of literature are approached in the plural: we argue that the ethical, aesthetic, cognitive, affective, social, historical, and existential values of literature should be explored in connection with each other. The three parts of the book explore the relationship between ethics and aesthetics; the cognitive, affective, and social values of literature; and the construction and questioning of literary values in society. Throughout the book, we discuss the different things literature can do; ranging from affirmation of social dogmas to its capacities for self-questioning and challenging of moral certaintie; through the dynamic interplay of its ethical and aesthetic, cognitive and affective aspects.
Tears, sighs and laughter : expressions of emotions in the Middle Ages
Mystical love in the German Baroque : theology, poetry, music
Investigates how affectivity makes a difference in memory studies, performance studies, and the range of cultural studies across the humanities and social sciences today. This book illustrates the importance of theorizing affectivity at a moment when social and cultural life are becoming increasingly affect-driven.
Self-evaluation : affective and social grounds of intentionality
The dynamics of affect, cognition, and social environment in the regulation of personal learning processes : the case of mathematics
The Cambridge handbook of human affective neuroscience
Emotional intelligence : why it can matter more than IQ
The sacred image in the age of art : Titian, Tintoretto, Barocci, El Greco, Caravaggio
Structures of feeling : affectivity and the study of culture
Handbook of affective sciences
Taxonomy of educational objectives : the classification of educational goals. Handbook 2, Affective domain
Facets of negative affectivity, health behaviour, and risk factors of cardiovascular diseases
Affect and emotion : a new social science understanding
In recent years, animals have entered the focus of the social and cultural sciences, resulting in the emergence of the new field of human–animal studies. This book investigates the relationships between humans and animals, paying particular attention to the role of affect, space, and animal subjectivity in diverse human–animal encounters. Written by a team of international scholars, contributions explore current debates concerning animal representation, performativity, and relationality in various texts and practices. Part I explores how animals are framed as affective, through four case studies that deal with climate change, human–bovine relationships, and human–horse interaction in different contemporary and historical contexts. Part II expands on the issue of relationality and locates encounters within place, mapping the different spaces where human–animal encounters take place. Part III then examines the construction of animal subjectivity and agency to emphasize the way in which animals are conscious and sentient beings capable of experiencing feelings, emotions, and intentions, and active agents whose actions have meaning for the animals themselves.
The self-conscious emotions : theory and research
Conditions in occupational therapy : effect on occupational performance
An early criticism against tobacco : pronouns and affect in argumentation
Biological dimensions of communication : perspectives, methods, and research
The art of making do in Naples
"The volume establishes Rhys as a major author with relevance to a number of different critical discourses, and includes a path-breaking section on affect theory that shows how contemporary interest in Rhys correlates with the recent 'affective turn' in the social sciences and humanities."
The emotional tie : psychoanalysis, mimesis, and affect
From gaze to sensation, from perception to emotion
Unspoken interactions : exploring the unspoken dimension of learning and teaching in creative subjects
Social and emotional learning (SEL) is a dominant orthodoxy in education systems around the world. To many it is a panacea; to others it is a waste of time and resources. This important new book provides the first in-depth, authoritative and balanced examination of the critical issues pervading the field. An extensive and thorough review of the international research literature has enabled each substantive aspect of SEL to be examined through a critical lens. The book investigates key topics such as: definitions and conceptualization -- origins and influences -- international policy and practice -- assessment and monitoring -- implementation -- outcomes. The book highlights key strengths and significant flaws in SEL theory and research, and sets the agenda for the next generation of inquiry in the field.
Affective computing
Sorcerer's apprentices and the 'will to figuration' : the ambigous heritage of the Collège de Sociologie
Behavioral objectives in the affective domain
Cognitive and affective growth : developmental interaction
The politics of affect
The affective profile model : ill-being and well-being
Networked affect
Desire and pleasure in seventeenth-century music
Subjective memory complaints : relations to objective memory function, gender, personality, affective status and stress
Emotion recognition from speech using prosodic features
The feeling body : affective science meets the enactive mind
