http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1120 orienteering
orienteering
Orienteering world : official journal of the International Orienteering Federation
Mountain navigation
Geocaching in the UK
How to go wild
Orienteering : key stages 3 & 4 in the national curriculum : a practical guide to an outdoor and adventurous activity
Discovering orienteering : skills, techniques, and activities
International specification for orienteering maps
The essential survival handbook
Migration and homing in animals
Acquisition of cognitive maps of large-scale environments
Current ornithology. Vol.5
An orienteering map of Joseph D. Grant Park : southern portion
Wayfinding behavior : cognitive mapping and other spatial processes
Radio navigation for pilots
A Route choice to television : cultural and audiovisual transformation in orienteering
Map and compass : discover the excitement
The utilization of GPS in orienteering mapping in urban Helsinki and rural Kenya
Location-based web search and mobile applications
Free skiing : how to adapt to the mountain
The complete practical guide to camping, hiking & wilderness skills : how to enjoy the great outdoors in complete comfort and safety - everything from simple tents and outside vacationing to navigation, wilderness problem-solving and coping with extreme weather
GPS for walkers : an introduction to GPS and digital maps
The outdoor survival handbook
Orientation in space
The ultimate navigation manual
Start orienteering. 3, with 9-10 year olds
Start orienteering. 4, with 10-12 year olds
The ultimate hiker's gear guide : tools & techniques to hit the trail
Bird navigation
The air pilot's manual. Volume 5 : Instrument flying ; Radio navigation aids ; Instrument procedures ; Night flying ; IMC rating ; Night rating
Teaching orienteering
Provides an introduction to a sport that offers the chance to run cross country and test competitors against the land, the map and themselves. This title covers the basics of orienteering and establishes some historical perspective on the sport which is especially important for beginners who are unfamiliar with the various activities involved.
Start orienteering. 1, with 6-8 year olds
Design casting : promoting value in design participation
Suunnistuskartan karttamerkit = Teckenförklaringar för orienteringskartan = Signaturen für Ol-Karten = Symbols for orienteering maps
Orienteering : the skills of the game
The air pilot's manual. Volume 3 : Air navigation
Nature's compass : the mystery of animal navigation
Effects of oxygen fraction in inspired air on cardiorespiratory responses and exercise performance
Walking & orienteering : how to cross hills, back country and rough terrain in safety and confidence: a professional manual for hikers, paddlers, horse trekkers and extreme cyclist
Map & Compass : Be expret with the complete orienteering handbook
The natural navigator
Start orienteering. 2, with 8-9 year olds
Orienteering: bring on the spectators - and the media!
Sensory exotica : a world beyond human experience
The happy camper : an essential guide to life outdoors
The natural navigator : the art of reading nature's own signposts
Avian navigation : pigeon homing as a paradigm
