http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11242 shift work
shift work
Fitting the task to the human : a textbook of occupational ergonomics
Intercultural Intelligence in the Start-Up of a Life-Sciences Institute
Solving challenging real-world scheduling problems
The politics of women & work in the Soviet Union & the United States : alternative work schedules & sex discrimination
Deontic rights in interaction : a conversation analytic study on authority and cooperation
Association of job strain with sleep and psychophysiological recovery in shift working health care professionals
Intercultural communication in experience tourism in the Inari area
The Development of Intercultural Relationships at Work: Polish Migrant Workers in Finland
The instant sales pro : more than 600 tips and techniques to accelerate your sales success
Creative teaching methods in education  : YKON ́s World Idea Game pilot-project for upper secondary schools
Theory of groupwork practice
Measuring Interpersonal Communication Competence in SME internationalzation
Effects of irregular wake-sleep rhythm on health, well-being and sleep in night shift workers
Early Interaction in Kiasma's Babies Play with Colour Workshops : A Survey on Parents' Perceptions
This book is about building leadership capacity in indivudals and in institutions, through enhancing professional relationships. It is based on the importance of maximising potential, and harnessing the ongoing commitment and energy needed to meet personal and professional goals.
New challenges for the organization of night and shift work : proceedings of the XIII International Symposium on Night and Shift Work, 23-27 June 1997, Finland
See-sawing between work and home : shift-working mothers' perceptions on work/family balance
The impact of child placement on family bonds among parents
Of men and machines : essays in applied labour and production economics
European labour law
Bullying and emotional abuse in the workplace : international perspectives in research and practice
Relational work in therapeutic interaction : a comparative conversation analytic study on psychoanalysis, cognitive psychotherapy and resource-centred counselling
Collaborative knowledge construction in authentic school contexts
Coaching educational leadership : building leadership capacity through partnerships
Management & organisational behaviour
Tutoring Finnish exchange students in Zambia : experiences of clinical tutors
Strategic interaction
Shift work in the paper industry : work experience and health
Occupational well-being : the role of areas of worklife and achievement and social strategies
Communication skills for working with children and young people : introducing social pedagogy
Conclusion (s. 93-95).
Social identification and group cohesiveness in a multicultural work group
Almas’ story : a young muslim refugee girl’s experiences as newcomer in Northern-Finland
Complexities of project interactions in Nicaraguan rural development
The impact of multiculturalism on group work : the process of multicultural group work through the eyes of the International Business Students of Turku University of Applied Sciences
Teaching is a profession notorious for high 'burn-out', with some describing this process  beginning as early as student teaching. Struggling teachers feel disconnected and uninspired. On the side  of them, new teachers make their way through their induction years. At schools and in universities  experienced teachers and researchers have a lot of contextual knowledge and competences. Value  increasing projects like peer group mentoring are needed to enhance both conceptual and practical  implications for understanding learning in professional communities. The present study is aimed at  investigating factors which contribute to variations of teachers and researchers coping through the  stages of their professional lives. The idea of sustaining the commitment goes back to the conception of  social learning in communities of practice (Wenger, 1998). The 14-month program of 15 ECTS credits (400  hours) was started in 2010 in Oulu University of Applied Sciences (Oulu UAS), in the School of Vocational  Teacher Education (SVTE) and is continuing still, starting with slight alterations every year. Each year a  group of about 10 experienced professionals are educated to act as peer group mentors in their work  places. Yearly their expectations, feedbacks and overall evaluations are collected to form a data basis for  research. Among the most convincing features expressed in the research material which support the  planned aims was the acquisition of fresh attitudes towards work places, their functions and the  employees' roles in them. Besides widened perspectives, feelings of collegial respect, sense of  professional ethics and personal positive attitudes to professional growth were apparent.
Does shift work lead to poorer health habits? : a comparison between women who had always done shift work with those who had never done shift work
Handbook Of Occupational Safety and Health
A descriptive study of nurses' job satisfaction related to shift work, workload and job security
Stakeholder interactions in cross-functional productization:the case of mobile software development
Summary and conclusions (s. 32-33).
Industrial psychology research trends
Value creation in collaboration between software suppliers and customers : suppliers’ perspective
Statistics and news
Voices for tomorrow : Sixth International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
101 ways to connect with your customers, chiefs, and co-workers
Instructional work in textile craft : studies of interaction, embodiment and the making of objects
This thesis topic was chosen because of the gap of research conducted in the field of Intercultural Intelligence in the Start-Up of a Life-Sciences Institute. Intercultural Intelligence itself is not a new field of study though it has many other names such as Intercultural competence. The author, coming from Northern Europe, a very direct and open culture uses an Indonesian Life-Sciences Institute as a case company where management comes from both Western and Asian cultures and observes the implications of such combination. This papers purpose is to give an answer to what is intercultural intelligence in the start up of a life sciences institute. The research was interested of the role of intercultural intelligence in leading life-sciences start-ups and that also became the primary research question. It takes a look into what is leadership, inter- and intra-culture, what are life-sciences and how they differ from medical studies and what is start-up and how to combine the theory into practice. Methodology used in this paper was conveyed by interviews, research by journal articles and observation in the case The case company Indonesia International Institute for Life-Sciences was founded 12.09.2012 with close collaboration with Karolinska Institutet in Sweden. Indonesia is a developing country where the culture differs a lot from Sweden and the Scandinavian region and in order to form a strong relationship between the institutions many factors need to be taken into consideration. Indonesia Institute for Life-Sciences is founded by an Indonesian company called Kalbe Corporation The findings of this paper were that Intercultural Intelligence is a very important part to take into consideration when dealing with different cultures and some cultures are more sensitive than the others. In order to secure smooth collaboration home and host country members have to be aware of the possibility of conflicts in order to be ableto avoid them and make the most out of the collaboration. This paper serves people in the Life-Sciences field who are in touch with intercultural issues and work with newly founded projects. In depth research is needed since the scope and time restrictions of this research were present and further studies are required.
Nonverbal communication with patients : back to the human touch
Designing shift calendar for mobile phone
Compensation for shiftwork
Communication, relationships and care : a reader
Flexibility and work organization
How to Combine Shift Work, Sleep and Physical Activity?  : a handbook for nursing staff
Physiological determinants and assessment of stress and recovery among media workers
Working hours and heart rate variability of female white collar workers and nurses.
Social and family factors in shift design
Cognitive behavioral therapy for shift workers with chronic insomnia
Shift work : economic advantages and social costs
Sleep and alertness : effects of shift work, early rising, and the sleep environment
"Media work is a good example of working life in modern 24/7 society. Time pressure and cognitive strain due to overflow of media inputs enhance job strain. New technology requires constant learning and implementation of new working modalities. Employees might continue work-related activities at home and outside the workplace. This may lead to overcommitment and extension of the real working time. Irregular shift work is common. Sudden changes in information flow, technical problems and alterations in team resources may hinder recovery and increase stress. On the other hand high demands may increase the well-being, if the worker can use the skills and has good job control. Self-assessments of stress and well-being combined with physiological measurements help us also to identify work-related and personal factors that could explain good or poor recovery." -- (Back Cover)
Labour market flexibility with special reference to Germany, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom : summary in nine EU languages: dansk, deutsch, ellênika, english, español, francais, italiano, nederlands, português
The association between job strain and body mass index among shift and non-shift working hospital personnel
Designing and Testing an Educational Program for Professional Development  in Work Place : Sharing Expertise in Teachers' Peer Group Mentoring
Working time and family time : experiences of the work and family interface among dual-earning couples in Finland
Flexibility through 6-hour shifts : summary of the 6+6 project
Self-reported bruxism : associated factors in media personnel with or without irregular shift work
Interactive expertise : studies in distributed working intelligence
Socially influencing systems : persuading people to engage with publicly displayed Twitter-based systems
Adapting shiftwork arrangements
Long shifts, short rests and vulnerability to shift work
Shift work and cardiovascular risk factors : prevention among airline employees
Summary (s. XI-XVII).
Knowledge sharing between generations in an organisation : retention of the old or building the new?
Understanding interaction search behavior in professional social networks
Beyond stakeholder dialogue: Corporate NGO-alliances : Developing dialogue with WWF finland
Increasing Cultural Competence through the Method of Appreciative Inquiry
FinnAge - Respect for the aging : action programme to promote health, work ability and well-being of aging workers in 1990-96
An immigrant nurse is our colleague : how to develop the language and culture in multicultural nursing
A CSR awareness program to enhance capacity building in good governance of multi-cultural employees and safe operations : good governance of multi-cultural safety : IAMU 2014 Research Project : (No. 20140203)
Cardiovascular disease and its risk factors as predictors of loss of follow-up and change to day work among female nurses in shift work
First European survey on the work environment 1991-1992
Applied conversation analysis : intervention and change in institutional talk
The teacher as a source of educational support : exploring teacher-child interactions and teachers' pedagogical practices in Finnish preschool classrooms
Family support : direction from diversity
Intercultural intelligence in the start-up of a Life-Sciences Institute
Self-reported bruxism : associated factors among media personnel with or without irregular shift work
Third party in workplace conflicts : the mediator's conflict management and intercultural competences
Guides for stress coping during clinical training for international degree nursing students
Investing in home-preschool collaboration for understanding social worlds of multilingual children
Bridging entrepreneurship education between Russia and Finland : Conference proceedings 2013
The purpose of the study was to describe how nurses' job satisfaction is influenced by today's working environment challenges in a hospital setting. Well-being at work is often measured using job satisfaction. The working environment challenges are related to shift work, workload and job security. In addition, the aim of the study was to increase awareness of how nurses perceive their working environment. This is information that can be used for future development of working environment conditions and management in hospitals.    Quantitative research method was used for this study. During June 2008, 91 questionnaires were distributed on four wards in Hatanpää City Hospital of Tampere, Finland. After two weeks, a total of 76 completed questionnaires were received. Thus, 84% response rate was reached. The results were analyzed using Tixel software and presented in a chart form.     The results show that nurses believe nowadays their work is more demanding psychologically than it used to be. They spend more time documenting than with the patient. Even though long term contracts offer nurses a secure feeling, they were not pleased with their salary. However, overall, nurses were satisfied with their jobs.         Keywords: job satisfaction, nurses, shift work, workload, job security.
How to Combine Shift Work, Sleep and Physical Activity? : a Handbook for Nursing Staff
Fetal development and pregnancy complications in working mothers
Mobile communication and work practices in knowledge-based organizations
Stakeholder interactions in cross-functional productization : the case of mobile software development
Abstract. - Swedish summary.
Shiftwork review : research of the European Foundation 1981-1984
Stakeholder dialogue and regional engagement in the context of higher education
The development of interpersonal communication competence at work
Constructing professional knowledge in teaching : a narrative of change and development
Over the last decade or so research into bullying, emotional abuse and harassment at work, as distinct from harassment based on sex or race and primarily of a non-physical nature, has emerged as a new field of study. Two main academic streams have emerged: a European tradition applying the concept of 'mobbing' or 'bullying' and the American tradition, primarily identified through concepts such as emotional abuse and mistreatment. One focuses on the perpetrator, the other on the victim. In addition research in this field has also started in Australia and South Africa. All are brought together in this work, in a synthesis of research and analysis of practice in the field. In addition, this book aims to document the existence and consequences of the problem of bullying, to explore its causes and to investigate the effectiveness of approaches aimed at mitigating and managing the problem, as well as to offer suggestions for further progress in this important new field.
New challenges for the Organization of Night and Shiftwork : 23-27 June 1997, Majvik, Finland : abstracts
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Labour market flexibility with special reference to Germany, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom
Interaction for practice in community nursing
Improving the learning of part-time employees at Northport check-in
Women's leader-member relationships during pregnancy and the return to work
Sleepiness and stress among long-haul truck drivers : an educational intervention to promote safe and economic truck driving
Building strengths and skills : a collaborative approach to working with clients
