http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11287 flowering
flowering
Genetic control of flowering in the diploid strawberry Fragaria vesca
Analyses of the spring phenology of boreal trees and its response to climate change
Studies on the genetic regulation of birch flower development and potential biotechnological applications
Manipulation of flowering
Wild flowers of Mombacho, Nicaragua = Flores silvestres del Mombacho
The fragile climatological niche of the Baltic Sea
The molecular biology of flowering
Strategies of plant reproduction : invited papers pres. at a symposium held May 17-20, at the Beltsville Agricultural research center (BARC), Beltsville, Maryland
Fertilizer treatment and seed crop of Picea abies
Effects and consequences of eutrofication in the Baltic Sea : specific patterns in different regions
Handbuch der Pflanzenphysiologie = Encyclopedia of plant physiology. Bd. 16, Aussenfaktoren in Wachstum und Entwicklung
New aspects of bloom dynamics of Phaeocystis pouchetii (Haptophyta) in Norwegian waters
Variation in flowering abundance and its impact on the genetic diversity of the seed crop in a Norway spruce seed orchard
Effects of gibberellins GA4 and GA7 on flowering in Scots pine grafts
CRC handbook of flowering. Vol. 3
Proheksadioni-kalsiumin vaikutus mansikan kasvuun avomaalla = Effect of Prohexadione-calcium on the growth of strawberry in the open
Factors affecting panicle production of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.) in Finland : 4. Response to frost at panicle growth phase
CRC handbook of flowering. Vol. 6
Influence of temperature on bud break, shoot growth, flower bud atrophy and winter production of glasshouse roses : Proefschrift ter verkrijging van de graad van doctor in de landbouwwetenschappen, op gezag van de rector magnificus, dr. C. C. Osterlee, in het openba
Toxic cyanobacterial blooms in Lake Ladoga and adjacent waters
Genetic and environmental control of flowering in wild and cultivated strawberries
Proceedings of the XIth International Protea Research Symposium : Santiagi, Chile, April 22-26, 2012
CRC handbook of flowering. Vol. 1
Grazing regimes and plant reproduction in semi-natural grasslands
Proceedings of the IXth international protea research symposium
Photoperiodism in plants
Variation in flowering of north finnish clones in a Norway Spruce seed orchard in Central Finland
The molecular biology and biotechnology of flowering
Plant development and evolution : the dynamic control of flowering, the mitochondrial genome and organellar protein targeting
Prediction models for the annual seed crop of Norway spruce and Scots pine in Finland
Estimating the benefit from algal bloom reduction : an application of contingent valuation method
Ecology, population genetics and conservation of the African violet (Saintpaulia, Gesneriaceae)
The roles of nitrification and nitrate reduction pathways in nitrogen cycling of the Baltic Sea
Genetic analysis of demography and selection in Lyrate rockcress (Arabidopsis lyrata) populations
Dependence of the flower bud burst of some plant taxa in Finland on effective temperature sum : implications for climate warming
Understanding flowers and flowering : an integrated approach
On the variation of flowering and seed crop in mature stands of Pinus sylvestris L.
Functioning of a Norway spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karst.) seed orchard
Cytology, flowering frequency and hybridization in the genera Acer, Fagus, Fraxinus, Prunus, Quercus, Tilia and Ulmus
Elongation growth and flowering time in Arabidopsis thaliana : the role of temperature and phytochrome
Effects of climatic and nutritional factors on flowering, growth, and keeping quality of Eustoma grandiflorum (Raf.) Shinn
The effect of load reductions on algal biomass in the eastern Gulf of Finland estimated by the FINNALGA model
Regulation of strawberry growth and development
Characterisation of planktic cyanobacteria and their bioactive peptides
Studies on the vegetatively propagated onions cultivated in Finland, with special reference to flowering and storage: the influence of various storage temperatures on flowering and yield in a North Finnish onion strain
Investigations on the flowering and seed crop of Pinus silvestris
Physiology of trees
Ecology, population genetics and conservation of the African violet
Flowering trees of the Caribbean
Forest health : its assessment and status
Climatic adaptation of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) in Finland based on male flowering phenology
Effect of fertilization on flowering and seed crop in Scots pine seed orchards
Molecular control of the yearly growth cycle in wild strawberry
Nitrogen-fixing cyanobacterial bloom potential in estuaries
Reproductive biology of Faidherbia albida (Del.) A. Chev
Adaptation to growing season length in the perennial Arabidopsis lyrata
The birch genes BpMADS1 and BpMADS6 and their use in the modification of flowering
Heterotrophic activity of bacterioplankton in Lake Ladoga during a blue-green algal bloom
Phytoplankton of Baltic environmental gradients : observations on potentially toxic species
Sexual reproduction of tree crops
Gibberellins and flower-bud differentation in Spruce
CRC handbook of flowering. Vol. 4
Differences in the climatic adaptation of silver birch (Betula pendula) and downy birch (B. pubescens) in Finland based on male flowering phenology
Shoot growth and flower development in tropical pines : studies on genetic and environmental variation
Flowering and fruit-bearing Zostera marina in Åland, Northern Baltic Sea
Forest tree physiology : proceedings of the International Symposium 25-30 September, 1988 Nancy, France
CRC handbook of flowering. Vol. 2
Effect of soil type and climatic conditions on the growth and flowering phenology of three Oxalis species in Western Cape, South Africa
Suitability of ornamental Pyrus species for pollenizing pear (Pyrus communis L.) and pollen compatibility of plum cultivars
Analysis of imaging spectrometer data with lake environment applications
Heterotrophic bacteria associated with cyanobacteria in recreational and drinking water
Reproductive phenology in a Norway spruce seed orchard
Seed mixture to attract natural enemies
Flowering time and natural selection in Arabidopsis lyrata
Summary.
Climatic adaptation of Norway spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karsten) in Finland based on male flowering phenology
Flowers and flowering plants : an introduction to the nature and work of flowers and the classification of flowering plants
Population studies of native orchids in Estonia
The dynamics of island populations of Platanthera bifolia in the Biebrza National Park (NE Poland)
The physiology of flowering
Investigations on the flowering and seed crop of Picea abies
Harmful marine algal blooms : proceedings of the Sixth International Conference on Toxic Marine Phytoplankton, October 1993, Nantes, France = Proliférations d'algues marines nuisibles
Transition to flowering in herbaceous ornamental perennials : the role of photosynthetic photon flux and vernalization
Adaptation to northern conditions at flowering time genes in Arabidopsis lyrata and Arabidopsis thaliana
Species structure of Neotinea ustulata
Flowering characteristics of Pinus sylvestris L. with special emphasis on the reproductive adaptation to local temperature factor
Report of the thirteenth session of the Scientific Advisory Committee : Marseille, France, 7-11 February 2011 = Rapport de la treizième session du Comité scientifique consultatif : Marseille, France, 7-11 février 2011
Flower induction by exogenous plant hormones in Scots pine and Norway spruce grafts
On the flowering of birch and the quality of seed crop
Growth, crown structure and seed production of birch seedlings, grafts and micropropagated plants
CRC handbook of flowering. Vol. 5
Principles of seed science and technology
How to manipulate flower induction and dormancy through temperature and photoperiod fluctuation
Effects and consequences of eutrophication in the Baltic Sea : specific patterns in different regions
Effect of photoperiod and the duration of short day treatment on vegetative and generative growth of strawberry 'Korona'
Common families of flowering plants
Harmful and toxic algal blooms : proceedings of the Seventh International Conference on Toxic Phytoplankton, Sendai, Japan, 12-16 July 1995
Investigations into the flowering and seed quality of forest trees
Studies on the nitrogen metabolism of leguminous plants : attempts to increase nitrogen fixation and vegetative growth by prevention of flowering
Pollination ecology and the rain forest : Sarawak studies
