http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11205 Falkland Islands War
Falkland Islands War
"In such a small community as the Falkland Islands, a missing child is unheard of. In such a dangerous landscape it can only be a terrible tragedy, surely...  When another child goes missing, and then a third, it's no longer possible to believe that their deaths were accidental, and the villagers must admit that there is a murderer among them. Even Catrin Quinn, a damaged woman living a reclusive life after the accidental deaths of her own two sons a few years ago, gets involved in the searches and the speculation.  And suddenly, in this wild and beautiful place that generations have called home, no one feels safe and the hysteria begins to rise.  But three islanders--Catrin, her childhood best friend, Rachel, and her ex-lover Callum--are hiding terrible secrets. And they have two things in common: all three of them are grieving, and none of them trust anyone, not even themselves.  In Little Black Lies, her most shocking and engaging suspense novel to date, Sharon Bolton will keep the reader guessing until the very last page"--
The Winter war : the Falklands
British national interest and the process of decision-making in the Falklands war
Modern Fighting Aircraft Harrier
The Royal Prerogative redefined : parliamentary debate on the role of the British Parliament in large-scale military deployments, 1982-2003
Special ops heroes
The lessons of modern war. Vol. 3, The Afghan and Falklands conflicts
Journalists at war : the dynamics of news reporting during the Falklands conflict
Iron Britannia : [why Parliament waged its Falklands war]
The Falklands crisis : the rights and the wrongs
Little black lies
Combat archaeology : material culture and modern conflict
The Falklands conflict
The battle for the Falklands
The autobiography of the British soldier : from Agincourt to Basra, in his own words
The Falklands campaign : the lessons
Sea Harrier and AV-88
Gotcha! : the media, the government, and the Falklands crisis
Coronel and the Falklands
The Falklands campaign : a digest of debates in the House of Commons, 2 April to [15] June 1982.
THE FALKLANDS WAR
The Falklands War
The media and the Falklands campaign
Harrier in Action
South Atlantic conflict of 1982 : a case study of military cohesion
The Sinking of the "Belgrano"
In the combat zone : special forces since 1945
A history of air warfare
The Falklands war
The sinking of the Belgrano
