http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11231 community art
community art social art
Runoteltta = The Poem tent
Out of our minds : learning to be creative
Mapping the terrain : new genre public art / edited by Suzanne Lacy
Community and the arts : Australian perspectives : history, theory, practice / editor: Vivienne Binns
Cool : applied visual arts in the North
Give Me a Re•s8n: Three Cycles of Dialogical Art-based Action Research to Support a Community of Volunteers Who Work With Migrants
Participation / edited by Claire Bishop
Community, art and the state : storming the citadels
Arts and communities : the report of the national inquiry into arts and the community
Benefit-oriented socially engaged art : two cases of social work experiment :  lektio
Two minutes of standstill : a collective performance by Yael Bartana
The tent : a book of travels / Lea and Pekka Kantonen ; [english translation: Sakari Lindhén]
Mitä tarkoitusta varten luulette näiden kaikkien esineiden olevan? = What on earth do you think all these things are for? / Esko Nummelin
The art of participation 1950 to now : San Francisco Museum of Modern Art,  [8.11.2008-8.2.2009] / Rudolf Frieling, Boris Grys, Robert Atkins, Lev Manovich
The right to dwell : the politics of mass engaging aesthetic interventions in public space in the wake of the corporeal turn and how they challenge our conception of event analysis in the beginning 21st century
The changing role of the artist : community-based art in 1990s Finland
Developing civic engagement in urban public art programs
Conversation pieces : community + communication in modern art / Grant H. Kester
Locating the Producers explores how 'durational' processes to public art curating and commissioning have emerged as an alternative to nomadic, itinerant and short-termist approaches in recent years. It provides an in-depth analysis of five durational projects as its starting point: The Blue House, and Beyond, the Netherlands, Trekroner Art Plan, Denmark, and Creative Egremont, and the Edgeware Road Project, United Kingdom.
The Routledge companion to nonprofit marketing
Collaborative project-based studies in art teacher education : an environmental perspective
Intelligence reframed : multiple intelligences for the 21st century
Preferred realities : Soviet and Post-Soviet amateur art in Novorzhev
Arts development in community health : a social tonic
Designing for social change : strategies for community-based graphic design
Exercises of freedom: in personal and institutional site-specific events
But is it art? : the spirit of art as activism / edited by Nina Felshin
Saman taivaan alla : taidetta kaupungissa 1999-2000 = Under samma himmel = Under the same sky. 2, Munkkiniemi-Munksnäs 1.12.1999- 29.2.2000
Locating the producers : durational approaches to public art
A wanderer in the landscape : reflections on the relationship between art and the Northern environment
Art, community and environment : educational perspectives
Summary: "This book investigates the notion of beauty in participatory art, an interdisciplinary form which necessitates the audience's participation, as often seen in interactive art and technology-driven media installations.Taking into consideration established theories of beauty from Plato, Hume, Kant, Mothersill, and Gadamer, Heinrich argues that the experience of beauty in participatory art demands a revised notion of beauty that accounts for the performative and ludic turn within various art forms and, in a broader sense, within a technology-saturated culture. Through case studies of participatory art, he provides an art-theoretical approach to rewriting the notion of beauty.These findings are applied to a broader context of media and design artefacts and testify to ongoing changes in our general understanding of beauty"--.
Wapenduka? : comics as a medium in social-culture animation
I as Me is a making-of detailing the project 2000 & 11 SELF-PORTRAITS, which was part of the official programme of Turku European Capital of Culture 2011. The project opened up a new outlook on self-portraits and autobiographical writing to all who are interested in making, studying or using art – especially for art students in higher education and those intrigued by the empowering aspects of art. The project was coordinated by the Arts Academy of Turku University of Applied Sciences. This book is based on the Finnish work Omakuva on jokaisen kuva (A Self-Portrait is a Portrait of Everyone, 2011), which was published as part of the 2000 & 11 SELF-PORTRAITS project. Some of the articles have been expanded, and also a lot of makingof material has been added, including interviews of the participants, artwork from the exhibitions, new workshop methods and other miscellaneous documentation. In this book, workshop leaders, participants, artists and researchers discuss their own ways to view, access and create self-portraits as well as autobiographical writing. Additionally, I as Me contains a wide selection of self-portraits made in numerous workshops of the 2000 & 11 SELF-PORTRAITS project, creating a fascinating period piece. Self-Portrait is diverse and personal -- (Takakansi)
Artificial hells : participatory art and the politics of spectatorship / Claire Bishop
With love from Haha : essays and notes on a collective art practice / edited by Wendy Jacob, Laurie Palmer and John Ploof
City of  children project : document
Philadelphia murals : and the stories they tell
Culture in the neighbourhood : an Afro-European interaction 1998-2001 = Culture de quartier : une interaction Afrique - Europe 1998-2001 = Kulttuuria lähelläsi : afrikkalais-eurooppalainen vuorovaikutusprojekti 1998-2001
What we made : conversations on art and social cooperation
Community-based art education in the North : a space for agency?
Environmental art and community art activities in northern landscapes and community
Education for socially engaged art : a materials and techniques handbook / Pablo Helguera
Use or ornament? : the social impact of participation in the arts
Taking the matter into common hands : [on contemporary art and collaborative practices]
Participation is risky : approaches to joint creative processes
Unboxed : engagements in social space / edited by Jen Budney and Adrian Blackwell ; [published by G-101, Gallery 101 - Galerie 101]
Experiences on funding independent record production through crowdfunding
Community art : politics of trespassing
Taidetta julkiseen tilaan : Brinck, Latva-Somppi, Turpeinen = Art in public spaces
Community arts projects and virtual learning environments : the need for web-based communication in Lapland and in the Barents region
Fantastisk politikk : kunst i turbulente tider = Fantastic politics : art in times of crisis : [Nasjonalmuseet i Museet for samtidskunst], 21.10.2006 - 25.2.2007 / [redaksjon: Marianne Yvenes (redaktor) og Andrea Kroksnes (utstillingens kurator)]
Art and politics now
Community art - implications for social policy : Themes from Finland / Marjon van Delft
Community arts workers : creativity for social change. Finding voices, making choices
Art, activism, and oppositionality : essays from Afterimage
Community art : implications for social policy
Winter art project
In What We Made, Tom Finkelpearl examines the activist, participatory, coauthored aesthetic experiences being created in contemporary art. He suggests social cooperation as a meaningful way to think about this work and provides a framework for understanding its emergence and acceptance. In a series of fifteen conversations, artists comment on their experiences working cooperatively, joined at times by colleagues from related fields, including social policy, architecture, art history, urban planning, and new media--[Publisher].
Kadonnutta maisemaa etsimässä : Nina Rantalan yhteisötaideprojekti = Remembrance of landscapes past : a community art project by Nina Rantala
Engaging classrooms and communities through art : a guide to designing and implementing community-based art education
Experimentalism as reciprocal communication in contemporary American poetry : John Ashbery, Lyn Hejinian, Ron Silliman
Playing for time : making art as if the world mattered
The demystification of culture : animation and creativity
Dialogues in public art
Celebration of collaboration
Artificial hells : participatory art and the politics of spectatorship
Performing democracy : international perspectives on urban community-based performance
Saman taivaan alla : taidetta kaupungissa 1999-2000 = Under samma himmel = Under the same sky. 3, Vuosaari 1.3.-31.5.2000 = Nordsjö 1.3.-31.5.2000
Scandalous : a reader on art and ethics / Nina Möntmann (ed.) ; [with texts by Petra Bauer ... [et al.]]
Unboxed : engagements in social space
Design for grassroots community : a proposal for designing creative activities
Performing beauty in participatory art and culture
Not black and white : inside words from the Bronx WritersCorps
Qualitative research in arts and mental health : contexts, meanings and evidence
Land, art : a cultural ecology handbook / edited by Max Andrews
Place, community and art: relationships
Living as form : socially engaged art from 1991-2011 / edited by Nato Thompson ; [managing editor Sharmila Venkatasubban]
Learning through art : through northern communality
Energy equals masses in movement : an exploration of designed social situations
Maria Eichhorn : Curtain (denim) / lectures by Yuko Fujita, Mika Obayashi
Benefit-oriented socially engaged art : two cases of social work experiment
Summary.
Art & people : a practical guide to setting up and running arts projects in the community
Place or space / Markku Hakuri (ed.)
From the room 208 to your place
The art of being many : towards a new theory and practice of gathering
New Land Marks : public art, community, and the meaning of place
Drama in three movements : a Ulyssean encounter
Mija Renström : från oss = from us / [editor and writer : Mia Zeeck]
InSITE 2000-2001 : parajes fugitivos = fugitive sites : [new contemporary art projects for San Diego - Tijuana] / a project curated Susan Buck-Morss... [et al.] ; edited by Osvaldo Sánchez & Cecilia Garza
Saman taivaan alla : taidetta kaupungissa 1999-2000 = Under samma himmel = Under the same sky. 4, Hernesaari-Ärtholmen 1.6.-31.8.2000
Art, activism, and oppositionality : essays from afterimage / edited by Grant H. Kester
Exploring key issues for the anthropology of art and art theory, this fascinating text provides the first in-depth study of community art from an anthropological perspective. The book focuses on the forty year history of Free Form Arts Trust, an arts group that played a major part in the 1970s struggle to carve out a space for community arts in Britain. Turning their back on the world of gallery art, the fine-artist founders of Free Form were determined to use their visual expertise to connect, through collaborative art projects, with the working-class people excluded by the established art world. In seeking to give the residents of poor communities a greater role in shaping their built environment, the artists' aesthetic practice would be transformed. Community Art examines this process of aesthetic transformation and its rejection of the individualized practice of the gallery artist. The Free Form story calls into question common understandings of the categories of "art," "expertise," and "community," and makes this story relevant beyond late twentieth-century and early twenty-first-century Britain.
Peter Friedl : working at Copan = trabalhando no Copan : [näyttelyt: Working : Kunsthalle Basel, 18 January - 30 March 2008 : Blow job : Extra City, Center for Contemporary Art, 10 April - 8 June 2008] / Peter Friedl
Street art : the new generation : [Pori Art Museum, Finland, 10.02.2012 - 27.05.2012 : Kunsthallen Brandts, Denmark, 14.09.2012 - 25.11.2012] / [editor Lene Burkard & Pia Hovi-Assad ; text Esko Nummelin, Lars Grambye, Pia Hovi-Assad, Lene Burkard, Birgitte Kjøller, Mirja Ramstedt-Salonen & Katrine Ring]
Saman taivaan alla : taidetta kaupungissa 1999-2000 = Under samma himmel = Under the same sky. 1, Kallio-Berghäll 1.9.-30.11.1999
Scandalous : a reader on art and ethics
This groundbreaking handbook is a resource for artists, community activists and anyone wishing to reach beyond the facts and figures of science and technology to harness their creativity to make change in the world. This timely book explores the pivotal role artists play in re-thinking the future; re-inventing and re-imagining our world at a time of systemic change and uncertainty. Playing for Time identifies collaborative arts practices emerging in response to planetary challenges, reclaiming a traditional role for artists in the community as truth-tellers and agents of change. Sixty experienced artists and activists give voice to a new narrative - shifting society's rules and values away from consumerism and commodity towards community and collaboration with imagination, humour, ingenuity, empathy and skill. Inspired by the grass-roots Transition movement, modelling change in communities worldwide, Playing for Time joins the dots between key drivers of change - in energy, finance, climate change, food and community resilience - and 'recipes for action' for readers to take and try.
Exhibition as social intervention : 'culture in action' 1993
Inspired by the Israeli memorial day Yom HaShoah, the holiday that commemorates victims and resistance fighters of the Holocaust, Yael Bartana's Two Minutes of Standstill took place on June 28, 2013, at 11 a.m., as part of the Impulse Theater Biennale in the city of Cologne.---This catalogue is a documentation of Two Minutes of Standstill, revealing the ideas behind the work and the process that led to its realization. The book includes several essays that discuss possible interpretations and consequences of the artwork, questioning the role of history and commemoration in Germany today.
Emotional intelligence : why it can matter more than IQ
Diving in and stepping back : exploring the object in environmental art
The shadow of the bomb : Mount Holyoke College Art Museum : University Gallery, University of Massachusetts at Amherst, April 1 - June 10, 1984 / essay by Sally Yard
Community Music Today highlights community music workers who constantly improvise and reinvent to lead through music and other expressive media. It answers the perennial question "What is community music? " through a broad, international palette of contextual shades, hues, tones, and colors. With over fifty musician/educators participating, the book explores community music in global contexts, interconnections, and marginalized communities, as well as artistry and social justice in performing ensembles. This book is both a response to and a testimony of what music is and can do, music's place in people's lives, and the many ways it unites and marks communities. As documented in case studies, community music workers may be musicians, teachers, researchers, and activists, responding to the particular situations in which they find themselves. Their voices are the threads of the multifaceted tapestry of musical practices at play in formal, informal, nonformal, incidental, and accidental happenings of community music.
Arneson and politics : a commemorative exhibition : M.H. de Young Memorial Museum, San Francisco, 2 June through 15 August 1993 / Steven A. Nash
Disability culture and community performance : find a strange and twisted shape
Culture on your doorstep : the Arabianranta district as a powerful creative community ; cultural development at the Arabia district Urbaani luovuus project, 2007-2010
Toward training : the meanings and practices of social change work in the arts
Community art in action
5 - the dish
Community art : an anthropological perspective
Place, community and art : relationships
Creativity in education & learning : a guide for teachers and educators
I as me : making of 2000 & 11 self-portraits
How do you live this place?
Community music today
Political posters in Ethiopia and Mozambique : visual imagery in a revolutionary context / Berit Sahlström
The one and the many : contemporary collaborative art in a global context / Grant H. Kester
ROHTO : straight on medicine art  / [texts: Markus Renvall, Lilibeth Cuenca Rasmussen, Nikolaj Recke, Egil Saebjörnsson ; editor: Sanna Juntunen]
Beyond green : toward a sustainable art : Smart Museum of Art, University of Chicago / curated by Stephanie Smith
Art in other places : artists at work in America's community and social institutions
The citizen artist : 20 years of art in the public arena : an anthology from high performance magazine 1978-1998 : volume 1 / edited by Linda Frye Burnhamn and Steven Durland
A story of 100 feeders
Collaborative project-based studies in art teacher education
'Misplacing the white man's burden' : theatre in Southern Africa
Fantasy design in community : 2009-2011
Nina Rantala : kadonnutta maisemaa etsimässä : Nina Rantalan yhteisötaideprojekti = remembrance of landscapes past : a community art project by Nina Rantala
Preferred realities : Soviet and post-Soviet amateur art in Novorzhev
Neue Bezugsfelder in Kunst und Gesellschaft = new relations in art and society
Maria Papadimitriou  : [T.A.M.A.] : Temporary Autonoumous Museum for All : 25th Bienal de Sao Paulo, 23 March - 2 June 2002 / cimmissioner Efi Strousa
