http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p112 ego-consciousness
ego-consciousness
The sense of self : research and theory
The phenomeno-logic of the I : essays on self-consciousness
Woman's relationship with herself : gender, Foucault and therapy
Leading philosopher of art Cynthia Freeland investigates some of the fascinating and fundamental questions posed by the art of portraiture, such as: What do portraits tell us? What do they mean? What makes a picture into a portrait? And can a picture of an animal ever really be a portrait?
Katherine Carlyle
The second year : the emergence of self-awareness
I am a strange loop
Narcissism and the novel
Questions of consciousness
Dreams consciousness spirit : the quantum experience of self-reflection and co-creation
Past, space, and self
The made-up self : impersonation in the personal essay
The ego trick
Waking, dreaming, being : self and consciousness in neuroscience, meditation, and philosophy
Centring the self : subjectivity, society and reading from Thomas Gray to Thomas Hardy
Am I thin enough yet? : the cult of thinness and the commercialization of identity
Trauma and the body : a sensorimotor approach to psychotherapy
The holographic canvas : the fusing of mind and matter
The divided self : an existential study in sanity and madness
The mind made flesh : essays from the frontiers of psychology and evolution
Freedom regained : the possibility of free will
The self?
Self-knowledge
Surviving death
In the late 80s, Katherine Carlyle is created using IVF. Stored as a frozen embryo for eight years, she is then implanted in her mother and given life. By the age of nineteen Katherine has lost her mother to cancer, and feels her father to be an increasingly distant figure. Instead of going to college, she decides to disappear, telling no one where she has gone. What begins as an attempt to punish her father for his absence gradually becomes a testing-ground of his love for her, a coming-to-terms with the death of her mother, and finally the mise-en-scene for a courageous leap from false empowerment to true empowerment. Written in the beautifully spare, lucid and cinematic prose that Thomson is known for, Katherine Carlyle uses the modern techniques of IVF and cryopreservation to throw new light on the myth of origins. It is a profound and moving novel about where we come from, what we make of ourselves, and how we are loved.
Who one is. Book 1, Meontology of the "I" : a transcendental phenomenology
The pearl beyond price : integration of personality into being : an object relations approach
Relational Being first builds on the broad discontent with the individualist tradition in which the rational agent, or autonomous self, is considered the fundamental atom of social life. Speaking to scholars and social practitioners, the work sets out to develop and illustrate a far more radical and potentially exciting landscape of relational thought and practice. It carves out a space of understanding in which relational process stands prior to the very concept of the individual. More broadly, the book attempts to develop a thoroughgoing relational account of human activity. As Gergen proposes, all meaning grows from coordinated action, or coaction, and thus, all that we hold to be real, rational, and valuable depends on the well-being of our relationships. Gergen reconstitutes the mind as a manifestation of relationships and bears out these ideas in everyday life and professional practices, including psychotherapy, collaborative classrooms, and organizational development. He questions the idea of mental illness, and focuses on therapy as a means of fostering relational recovery. Gergen also explores the ways in which what we call knowledge issues from communities, rather than from individual minds. The volume concludes with an innovative exploration of moral action and spirituality.
Sources of the self : the making of the modern identity
Exports and imports in the BOF4 quarterly model of the Finnish economy
The nature of the self : recognition in the form of right and morality
The narcissist test : how to spot outsized egos... and the surprising things we can learn from them
The minds I : fantasies and reflections on self & soul
The corporeal turn : an interdisciplinary reader
Plotinus on self : the philosophy of the 'we'
Subjective consciousness : a self-representational theory
Un-train your brain : a formula for freedom (from the neurons that hold you back)
Self-knowledge and resentment
The little trials of childhood and children's strategies for dealing with them ; Frances Chaput Waksler
The first-person perspective and other essays
Rewriting the self : history, memory, narrative
The paradox of self-consciousness
Beyond representation : philosophy and poetic imagination
Obscure invitations : the persistence of the author in twentieth-century American literature
Explanations, accounts and illusions : a critical analysis
Self-realization and education
The Oxford handbook of the self
Portraits and persons : a philosophical inquiry
Subjectivity and selfhood : investigating the first-person perspective
Entangled voices : genre and the religious construction of the self
Games and activities are a great way for children with special needs to learn important skills. This book provides inspiration and guidance for special education teachers, teaching assistants, parents and carers on how to use lively and engaging play ideas to foster learning and development. Targeting key skills including listening, self-awareness, movement, creative thinking and relaxation, each game has been developed with the capabilities of children with special needs in mind. The appropriate age group is clearly identified, and possible variations for different abilities are provided. All of the instructions are easy to follow and there are cheerful illustrations throughout. Using music, dance, art, word games and breathing exercises, this book is packed with creative and enjoyable games that make learning fun. This user-friendly activity book will be an ideal resource for use in special education schools, inclusive mainstream classrooms, day-care, residential and respite settings, or at home.
The undiscovered self
The mind-brain continuum : sensory processes
The untethered soul : the journey beyond yourself
Identity crisis : modernity, psychoanalysis and the self
Why we lie : the evolutionary roots of deception and the unconscious mind
Handbook of self-concept : developmental, social, and clinical considerations
Narcissism and aggression in adolescence : moderating roles of ego threath, emotionality, and gender
Psychological perspectives on self and identity
Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman
Theology, psychology, and the plural self
Texts and the self in the twelfth century
The evolving self : a psychology for the third millennium
The psychology of the social self
Self consciousness : an alternative anthropology of identity
The conceptual self in context : culture, experience, self-understanding
Narrative psychology : identity, transformation and ethics
The life and opinions of Tristram Shandy, gentleman
The two of me : the rational outer me and the emotional inner me
How does dialogical self theory appear in the light of cognitive analytic therapy? : two approaches to the self
Labyrinths of the mind : the self in the postmodern age
Absence of mind : the dispelling of inwardness from the modern myth of the self
Self-love and self-liking : in the moral and political philosophy of Bernard Mandeville and David Hume
Vital lies, simple truths : the psychology of self-deception
100 learning games for special needs with music, movement, sounds and silence
The concept of mind
Relational being : beyond self and community
In and out of the mind : Greek images of the tragic self
Human development and the spiritual life : how consciousness grows toward transformation
How do we know who we are? : a biography of the self
Personal identity and self-consciousness
The ethics of authenticity
Our own minds : sociocultural grounds for self-consciousness
Individual self, relational self, collective self
Aspects of consciousness in child rearing
Thought's ego in Augustine and Descartes
The human self is a free self that gets shape in a society in which it is both equal to the others (as the legal person who recognizes the others as free and equal) and unique (as the moral person who is not exchangeable to the others). Therefore, the modern debate on society is dominated by the determination of the relation between right and morality. In a criticism of Habermas, Honneth and Rawls and others, this work argues that this relation has to be developed as a systematic elaboration of the mind-body-relation. In accordance with the Hegelian tradition, recognition first of all concerns the recognition of the body by the mind.
Intelligent self-leadership : perspectives on personal growth
The mind's I : fantasies and reflections on self and soul
No stress today with PSYCH-K : how to transform stress into vitality, peace and a stress-free fulfilling life
Consciousness and intentionality
The feeling of what happens : body, emotion and the making of consciousness
Models of the self
Self and society
Happy relationships at home, work & play
