http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11288 growing season
growing season
In the short growing season of the northernmost European growing conditions, farmers are increasingly interested in expanding cultivation of later maturing crops at the expense of early maturing ones with lower yields. In this study we aimed to assess how the switching between spring cereals that differ in earliness was associated with different external factors. This was tested using unique datasets for regional cropping areas and cultivar use for the last 15 years. Early maturing barley was favored at the expense of later maturing wheat when a high number of days to crop maturity was required in the preceding year. In contrast, farmers reduced the barley area when a high number of cumulated degree days was required for a crop to mature in the previous year. A shift was recorded from early to late maturing cultivars. This study indicated that despite limited opportunities for farmers to alter land use, they readily responded to past conditions and used the knowledge gained for decision-making to reduce risk. This is a valuable operative model for studying adaptation to opportunities and constraints induced by climate change.
Adaptation of trees to the variation in the length of the growing season
Ecological economics : the journal of the International Society for Ecological Economics
European innovation
Climate change and prolongation of growing season : changes in regional for field crop production in Finland
Trees : structure and function
Transplanting deciduous trees in northern climates : influence of phenological stage and soil temperature
The teenage brain : a neuroscientist's survival guide to raising adolescents and young adults
Investigations on the annual cycle of development of forest trees 2 : autumn dormancy and winter dormancy
Physiotherapy and the growing child
Investigations on the annual cycle of development of forest trees : active period
Inherent growth rythm of some Larix-species grown in a plastic greenhouse
Regulation of growth onset and cessation in Norway spruce, Scots pine and silver birch
Adaptation to growing season length in the perennial <em>Arabidopsis lyrata</em>
Tree physiology
Adaptation to growing season length in the perennial Arabidopsis lyrata
South Asia economic report
Energy and protein sufficiency in finnish landrace ewes fed grass silage and hay at different phases of production
Seasonal occurrence of Lygus bugs on field crops in Finland
Key indicators of child and youth well-being : completing the picture
Economic policy reforms : going for growth
Second and third growth period responses of Picea abies families to first growth period photoperiodic, light intensity and temperature treatments
Temperature acclimation of boreal conifer seedlings at the beginning and end of the growing season
Factors affecting silver birch (Betula pendula Roth) wood structure and chemistry : growth hormone genes, defoliation, within-stem and seasonal variation
Production process of Scots pine : geographical variation and models
Seasonal nutrient variation in the foliage of Alnus incana (L.) Moench and associated trees
Ace of hearts
Horizontal and vertical differences of temperature during the growing season in the Inarijoki - Teno river valley in Lapland
The effect of solar radiation and air temperature on basic density of Scots pine wood
Analysis of bud-development theories based on long-term phenological and air temperature time series : application to Betula sp. leaves
The efficiency of time and temperature driven regulation principles in plants at the beginning of the active period
This paper quantifies the spring wheat yield conditional on temperature- and rainfall-based weather indices in Finland. The estimating equations are standardized and simplified so that they provide information for designing tradable contracts. A simple basket of weather indices, consisting of growing degree days, night frost and rainfall measures, has the potential to hedge about 38% of the wheat grower yield risk, with the remaining 62% being left as uninsured basis risk. Our results have several important implications for the design of simple and tractable weather index-based insurance contracts. The data suggest that the marginal products of weather events have a large variation across time and they are the most significant within certain critical time periods. Therefore, the weather events triggering the indemnity payments should be bounded within certain critical time regimes over their distribution along the growing season.
Eco-physiological aspects of adaptation to seasonal environments : the latitudinal range expansion of the Colorado potato beetle across Europe
Growth = Kasvu
Variation in strawberry (Fragaria X ananassa Duch.) yield, season, and fruit quality = Variasjonar i sesong, avling og fruktkvalitet i jordbær (Fragaria x ananassa Duch.)
A critical approach to human growth and development : a textbook for social work students and practitioners
Understanding motor development : infants, children, adolescents, adults
Predicting the yield of spring wheat by weather indices in Finland : implications for designing weather index insurances
The complete practical guide to patio, terrace, backyard & courtyard gardening
A single and uniform fertilizer application may lead to ineffective crop nutrient uptake and use. In order to enhance nutrient use efficiency the application should be adjusted according to the need of the cultivated crop. This task is challenging because weather is unknown and unpredictable over the upcoming growing season. One solution is site-specific fertilizer application in several separate events throughout the season. Such a precision fertilization method requires information on the current crop state (e.g. the availability of water and nutrients in the soil) and a crop growth model that aims to assess current crop growth and near future needs. A field experiment with varying radiation, precipitation and nutrient conditions was established to test our crop growth model performance. Spring wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) was grown using three fertilization rates with three precipitation and two radiation treatments within each fertilization treatment. The observed crop biomass accumulation in the highest fertilization treatment was considered as the highest possible in the prevailing conditions. The simulated (maximal) biomass accumulation was in agreement with the highest observed biomass yield. The results were found promising for further use of the model in crop growth evaluation during the growing season.
Community structure and summer-time succession of chrysophytes in a small, shallow forest lake in SW Finland in 2003.
Summary.
Genetic basis of adaptation : bud set date and frost hardiness variation in Scots pine
Spatial and temporal variation in weather events critical for boreal agriculture: II Precipitation
Asine III : supplementary studies on the Swedish excavations 1922-1930. Fasc. 2, Children lost and found : a bioarchaeological study of Middle Helladic children in Asine with a comparison to Lerna
Ace of Hearts is a multi protagonist drama about four unconventional women of different ages. The women end up living in the same apartment building in a suburb of a big city. As the women's lives interconnect, they change each other's destinies. LANA, 32, tries to support herself by playing poker. She drinks too much, sleeps around and takes polaroid pictures of her random hook-ups. Lana lives on her sailboat, because she can't settle down. TINKA, 12, is a smart, plumb, bullied girl who spends her nights standing in front of a mirror, praying God to make her thin. Over-controlling ISABEL, 60, is trapped in her life. Her husband MIKE, 65, is kind but won't have sex with her anymore. Isabel misses her daughter, who never visits them and only talks with Mike on the phone. HARRIET, 64, is Lana's mother. She has just discovered she has Alzheimer's. She hasn't seen Lana in eight years. The story begins when Harriet, who lives in the same building as Isabel and Tinka, tries to drown herself in her bathtub. Isabel, who lives downstairs of Harriet, wakes up when a drop of water hits her face. Lana is alerted to come back home to her mother, because Harriet can no longer take care of things on her own. The water penetrates everything and reveals what's true. The women must face change and grow out of the life they have constructed for themselves. But growth is not painless: it's raw and confusing, but beautiful still.
Sensory characteristics of 17 apple cultivars commonly grown in Finland were compared over three harvest years (2009-2011). Descriptive analysis with a trained panel (n = 11-14) comprised 17 attributes rated from 0 ('not at all') to 10 ('very'): four appearance (green, red, area of red colour, skin waxiness), three odour (intense, grassy, fruity), five  texture (hard, crispy, mealy, juicy, tough peel), and five flavour (intense, sour, sweet, astringent, diverse) attributes. Ratedintensities differed between the harvest years but their magnitude and direction of change varied according to the cultivar. Odour and flavour ratings tended to be higher in 2009 than in 2010 and 2011. The summer 2009 was fairly normal, while summer 2010 was hot and dry, and summer 2011  hot and humid. These climate may explain some of the differences between the first and the two subsequent years. Late season cultivars tended to be relatively stable against annual effects.
Drought is more stressful for northern populations of Scots pine than low summer temperatures
Prehistoric agriculture in eastern middle Sweden : a model for food production, population growth, agricultural innovations, and ecological limitations in prehistoric eastern middle Sweden 4000 B.C.-A.D. 1000
Energy and protein sufficiency in Finnish landrace ewes fed grass silage and hay at different phases of production
Testing the use of an analytical and mechanistic C3 - biomass accumulation model for precision fertilization
There is great temporal and spatial variation in precipitation in Finland. Both drought episodes and repeated, abundant rains may interfere with crop growth, yield and quality formation, and many agricultural operations (such as tillage, sowing, crop protection and harvesting). The windows for optimal operations are often narrow due to the short growing season and variable weather conditions. Field traffic at high soil moisture may e.g. cause soil compaction. Also, the high environmental footprint on agriculture under high latitude conditions is often attributable to fluctuations in precipitation. The station-wise precipitation observations from the Finnish Meteorological Institute for the time period of 54 years (1961‒2014) were interpolated to a regular 10 km × 10 km grid covering the whole country. Several successive time slices were used to calculate the likelihood of: 1) drought periods and 2) periods with repeated rains with above normal precipitation sum so that both of these lasted for at least a) two weeks or b) three weeks. We demonstrated substantial spatial and temporal variation in the likelihood of drought and repeated rains: drought episodes were common during the early half of the growing season, while again repeated rains with high accumulated precipitation (lasting for two weeks) became common in the latter part of the growing season. Though, we highlighted in this paper some examples of how these events may affect agriculture and their environmental impacts, the datasets published here may be applied for many other assessments.
Disturbances in the seasonal growth of Scots pine due to water-logging of the roots
Fuel conditions and fire behavior characteristics of managed Picea abies and Pinus sylvestris forests in Finland
Effect of waterlogging on boreal forest tree seedlings during dormancy and early growing season
Annual variation in sensory characteristics of seventeen apple cultivars
Do farmers rapidly adapt to past growing conditions by sowing different proportions of early and late maturing cereals and cultivars?
Microbial quality of linseed and fibre hemp plants during growing and harvest seasons
Molecular control of the yearly growth cycle in wild strawberry
Adirondack Upland flora : an ecological perspective
