http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11235 information technology companies
information technology companies
Do firms benefit from spatial proximity? : testing the relation between spatial proximity and the performance of small software firms in the Netherlands
The Silicon Valley of dreams : environmental injustice, immigrant workers, and the high-tech global economy
Implementation of IT applications in small and middle size enterprises : controlling the critical success factors
e-Business Research Forum : eBRF 2003, September 23-25, 2003, Tampere, Finland : abstracts
Changing dynamics of global computer software and services industry : implications for developing countries
Employer Branding for SMEs: Attracting Graduating Students in IT Industry
Finnish software product business : results from the national software industry survey 2005
User involvement and entrepreneurial action
Development of service pricing in relation to IT and business convergence : case Finnish IT service provider
IBM and the Holocaust : the strategic alliance betwen Nazi Germany and America's most powerful corporation
Innovations as communication processes : a legal architecture for governing ideas in business
Internationalization of software firms : Finnish small and medium-sized software firms in Japan
Open source software as a trade and development driver in developing countries : case Tunisia
Enterprise architecture planning in practice : the perspectives of information and communication technology service provider and end-user
Managing adaptability, intervention and people in enterprise information systems
Risk issues for foreign software firms in China
Over the past seven years, in a highly unstable global economy, Cisco doubled revenue, tripled profits, and quadrupled earnings per shareIn this book, Cisco Senior Vice President Inder Sidhu explains how the company has been phenomenally successful by focusing on both innovation and new business as well as core businesses, stressing both discipline and flexibility, and winning over both customers and partners.
Future organizational design : the scope for the IT-based enterprise
The formation and management of a software outsourcing partnership : a case study
Contracting in software business : analysis of evolving contract processes and relationships
Value creating sales nets : from software product provider to software solution provider
Towards a strategic sales channel partnership : a case study from the IT services industry
Think, play, do : technology, innovation and organization
Pride before the fall : the trials of Bill Gates and the end of the Microsoft era
Business leaders : Steve Jobs
The hardware startup : building your product, business, and brand
Multidisciplinary views to open source software business
Development and applications of knowledge-intensive product strategies of Finnish high-tech firms in emerging markets : case study of Finnish biotech manufacturer in Central and Eastern Europe
Developing an international marketing plan for a software product company : Case: Syslore
The computer revolution in Canada : building national technological competence
Preliminary study : defining and modeling success factors of new technology -based firms : perspective of business incubator
Tampere business
Service design in information technology startups : unpacking opportunities and challenges through three case studies
Internationalization of service firms : the case of computer-related services
Microsoft core : a retail design plan
How to introduce Lean Startup process into a medium-sized IT vendor, namely Futurice?
Supporting agile transformation with defect management in large distributed software development organisation
International business and information technology : interaction and transformation in the global economy
Linking management accounting and control systems, strategy, information technology, manufacturing technology and organizational performance of the firm in contingency framework
Summary. Concluding remarks (s. 417-426).
Green Information Technologies : Implementing Best Practices in Small and Medium Size Business
An active attitude and the spirit of doing : hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
Dogfight : how Apple and Google went to war and started a revolution
Digital era governance : IT corporations, the state, and E-government
Direct from Dell : strategies that revolutionized an industry
The second coming of Steve Jobs
Towards virtual software configuration management : a case study
IBM and the holocaust : the strategic alliance between Nazi Germany and America's most powerful corporation
Internationalisation of Finnish SMEs to developing markets
Supplier relationship management on the Russian IT market : a hardware distributor's perspective
Current status and upcoming needs in SME's in Northern regions of Finland, Norway and Sweden : technologies, personnel, market and ICT in the business process
Adoption of agile software development in Vietnam
Integrated marketing communication plan for penetrating the U.S market : cloud computing -  case: Senso Oy
Information management in ICT projects
Extending customer base through CRM : Case: Betasoft
Open source and disruptive factors in the IT service business
A business enabling network : a case study of a high-tech network : its concepts, elements and actors
The purpose of this thesis was to analyse existing theories on branding and suggest an appropriate branding strategy for Voimo Company. The objective was to develop a practical branding model and then apply it to Voimo Company. The question to answer is how a company of any size, with a special consideration for a small one, can stand out from the crowd and survive in today̕ s competitive environment, how to build a recognizable brand. The theoretical framework was based on existing literature about branding and branding models. Most of the theories of branding models are processed based (Aaker 1996, Knapp 2000, and Gad 2001). The branding model developed during the study was based on theoretical framework and consists of five steps: delegating, researching and developing the essence of data, communicating and the follow-up process. Each step was then applied to Voimo Company. The research method was qualitative. In addition, data was gathered through interviews. In order to draw comparison between the opinions, both the owner of the company and Voimo̕ s customers were interviewed. The interviews were analysed qualitatively. The results revealed that the model developed for Voimo Company is feasible and the company has been able to go through each step of the branding process. Having completed the internal and external market analysis Voimo was able to better develop a brand idea, formulate brand promise and determine what business it is in, from the consumer̕ s point of view. It became clear that to make sure the brand is unique, Voimo needed to come up with an authentically different meaning for it but yet simple to understand. In conclusion, in order to sustain in the competitive environment companies of any size, but especially small companies, should and can plan and manage their branding process regardless of their financial situation.  If applied well, a small business can find benefits that matter to customers and are different from those of competitors and thus have a clear advantage over large companies due to their more flexible structure and process. In addition, Internet provides numerous options for SME to build its own community through different social media networks and that way start building awareness and bond with a target audience is a lot less expensive than conventional approach. What is needed is knowledge and understanding of the value of having a known brand and means and tools necessary for implementation.
Googled : the end of the world as we know it
Internet entrepreneurship in Europe : venture failure and the timing of telecommunications reform
Going international with software applications : useful information for a small Finnish IT company : to help them market their software applications abroad
Too big to ignore : the business case for big data
Functional assessment of Compiere open source ERP system using a proposed framework : is Compiere suitable for small and medium manufacturing organizations?
Entrepreneurship and innovation in second tier regions
The Impact of Information Communication Technology on Small and Medium Scale Enterprises Productivity In Nigeria
The Secret of Success 2014-2015 : Europe's digital icons : transforming our economy
Goodbye iSlave : a manifesto for digital abolition
Contingency approach to the partnering of small knowledge intensive companies
Employer Branding for SMEs : Attracting Graduating Students in IT Industry
Managing client contacts of small KIBS companies : turning technology into business
ICT cluster study Helsinki region
SaaS entrepreneur : the definitive guide to succeeding in your cloud application business
The importance of customer services has increased along with the growing use of information technology. The last decades have been time of rapid development and expansion of usage for the healthcare IT systems. For this reason the importance of customer services has emerged playing a major role in companies active in this field of industry. This study focuses on the customer support unit and the process of the customer service of a company operating in this industry. The aim of improving the efficiency of the customer support unit has naturally increased customer satisfaction. A more detailed goal in this study is to increase the performance of the customer support unit in a process point of view, and in that way to have a positive impact on the main objective. The first phase of this study was to clarify the present state of the organization and the functionality of the process in general. The survey information obtained was used for a further study, which was explored based of the findings in the initial results that were showing possible problem areas in the functionality of the customer service process. The research was done by applying ideas of the LEAN methodology for service industry activities – the main focus in efficiency of the flow and thereby better customer experience and more efficient operations in the customer support unit. From the ERP and the hour-logging system used in the company a very comprehensive report was available on the basis of which a sufficiently detailed analysis was done successfully. Based on the results the operation of the customer support unit was fine-tuned to a more efficient model by changing the operating model of the selected pilot group. Increasing the flow efficiency by changing the mode of operation was particularly targeted. After the changes had been implemented, the impacts were verified by analyzing the same reports that were used in the change analysis made before the change. The data after the change is to be used as decision support for further amendments. It could be concluded that impacts have been positive – based on the after change analysis the flow efficiency of the process has increased.
What next? : Finnish ICT cluster and globalization
"Technology-enabled businesses offer one of today's best available means to creating wealth, and the successful application of technology increasingly separates an industry's winners from its losers. Even better, while a decade ago the barriers to creating a technology-enabled business required a pole vault, they've lowered to where a determined step in the right direction is enough to get started.There are many important things prospective entrepreneurs and business enterprises need to know to avoid common pitfalls in the fast-paced world of high tech business. This book provides these practical checklists and frameworks that business owners, entrepreneurs, and professionals can apply to any web 2.0 business idea, whether they are developing software and products or beginning a technology-enabled business. The book includes valuable insights on How do you prepare yourself or your company for successful systems implementation? How do you develop a best-practice user interface for your/your company's system? What are some of the most common disconnects between engineers and business people and how can you avoid them? What are the core functional roles in a technology-enabled business and what skills sets do they require? How do you identify worthwhile partnerships and invest in them enough to make them successful? "--Provided by publisher.
Piloting palm : the inside story of palm, handspring, and the birth of the billion-dollar handheld industry
The Helsinki region ICT cluster
An agile supply chain for a project-oriented steel product network
IT infrastructure assessment approach in enterprise
Building an enterprise architecture practice : tools, tips, best practices, ready-to-use insights
The process of strategy formation in software business : three cases from Kainuu region, Finland
The role of ICT and high-growth firms : micro-level evidence on job creation and productivity growth
Strategic learning : a route to competitive advantage?
Sense and respond / : case study middle-size information technology company
The impact of knowledge-intensive service provision on SME performance :a study in software industry
Internationalization handbook for the software business
Technical communicator and quality of documentation in a start-up software business
Essays on regional development and labor mobility in a knowledge-based economy
Management of technology : managing effectively in technology-intensive organizations
Vertical business process outsourcing in an IT vendor's service portfolio
Competency requirements of global software development : conceptualization, contextualization, and consequences
NAPA years
Local IT infrastructure assessment methodologies and approach in large enterprises : research project scope - branch office consolidation
New challenges in ICT education : [catch the train quick] : conference proceedings April 27th 2001, Seinäjoki, Finland
Haunted empire : Apple after Steve Jobs
"Validate your idea by learning the needs of potential users; develop branding, marketing, and sales strategies early on; form relationships with the right investment partners; prototype early and often to ensure you're on the right path; understand processes and pitfalls of manufacturing at scale; jumpstart your business with the help of an accelerator; learn strategies for pricing, marketing, and distribution; be aware of the legal issues your new company may face"--Page 4 of cover.
A shared information system for tourism enterprises in developing economies
Team building and wellbeing management
"This book highlights ongoing issues in three areas having implications for EIS: adaptability, intervention, and people, discussing the role of change management, conversion management, readiness management, knowledge management, e-business management, people management, and stakeholder management for a competitive advantage in EIS"--Provided by publisher.
The ultimate guide to assessing and exploiting the customer value and revenue potential of the Cloud A new business model is sweeping the world--the Cloud. And, as with any new technology, there is a great deal of fear, uncertainty, and doubt surrounding cloud computing. Cloudonomics radically upends the conventional wisdom, clearly explains the underlying principles and illustrates through understandable examples how Cloud computing can create compelling value--whether you are a customer, a provider, a strategist, or an investor. Cloudonomics covers everything you need to consider for the delivery of business solutions, opportunities, and customer satisfaction through the Cloud, so you can understand it--and put it to work for your business. Cloudonomics also delivers insight into when to avoid the cloud, and why. * Quantifies how customers, users, and cloud providers can collaborate to create win-wins * Reveals how to use the Laws of Cloudonomics to define strategy and guide implementation * Explains the probable evolution of cloud businesses and ecosystems * Demolishes the conventional wisdom on cloud usage, IT spend, community clouds, and the enterprise-provider cloud balance Whether you're ready for it or not, Cloud computing is here to stay. Cloudonomics provides deep insights into the business value of the Cloud for executives, practitioners, and strategists in virtually any industry--not just technology executives but also those in the marketing, operations, economics, venture capital, and financial fields.
Creating dynamic capabilities : R&D network management for globally distributed research and development in the software industry
Examining business models of Software-as-a-Service companies
How to build an experience differentiation strategy for software business : customer values perspective
Enhancing understanding of company-wide product data management in ICT companies
Knowledge sharing through information technology tool in multinational organisation : case company: MTN Cameroon
The use of translation services : case: international companies in the IT-industry in Finland
Business ethics of innovation
Enterprise Application Software
Business intelligence guidebook : from data integration to analytics
Measurement-based value alignment and reasoning about organizational goals and strategies : studies with the ICT industry
Marketing challenges for small-sized it services companies in China : case company: Tianjin Hua an Information Technology Engineering Co. Ltd
Ozi ́s Bed and Breakfast : a case of translation
Market situation of enterprise resource planning systems in engineering offices in the context of marketing planning
Value-creating networks : an analysis of the software component business
The digital assembly line
Sales prospecting campaign for Elbit Oy
A study of the evolution of concentration in the UK data processing industry with some international comparisons
Doing both : how Cisco captures today's profit and drives tomorrow's growth
A market approach to intellectual capital management : evaluating the hidden value in IT-companies
The business of software : what every manager, programmer, and entrepreneur must know to thrive and survive in good times and bad
Internationalization potential of small and medium sized ICT enterprises in Turku region
Cloudonomics : the business value of cloud computing
They did IT : the formation and organisation of interactive media production in Sweden
"Welcome to a brave new world of profit making, propelled by high technology, guarded by enterprising authority, and carried forward by millions of workers. These millions of bodies gather in gigantic factory complexes to produce coveted commodities--iPhones, iPads, and other gadgets--for consumers worldwide. Yet, at these same factories, working conditions are notoriously oppressive, to the point that a number of employees there have committed suicide. In this study, Jack Linchuan Qiu examines systems of domination, exploitation, and alienation in an era of information technology, global connectivity, and individual consumerism engineered by corporations in collusion with national and regional state authorities. Focusing on notorious Taiwanese manufacturer Foxconn, Qiu conceptually develops the idea of iSlavery and the planetary Apple-Foxconn alliance he calls Appconn. Beginning with historical and legal explorations of slavery, he compares conditions of Foxconn workers to those of 17th century transatlantic slaves. Moving on from labor issues, he turns to fanatic consumption of digital media and argues that compulsive free labor contributions to commodity cycles constitute another form of iSlavery. Qiu relies on interviews, news analysis, and first-hand observation to clarify the circumstances faced by Foxconn workers and examine how a transborder working-class civil society was mobilized. He analyzes how media play a role in shaping public opinion and influencing corporate and state policies, ultimately affecting the fate of workers at the very bottom of the problematic new international division of labor"--
Karnataka IT directory 2005
ICT outsourcing and corporate strategy : case: Finnish banking industry
Making it big in software : a guide to success for software vendors with growth ambitions
Future information technology poles : where and why?
Impact of ICT on SMEs : case Rwanda
The Steve Jobs way : iLeadership for a new generation
DEC is dead, long live DEC : the lasting legacy of Digital Equipment Corporation
The matrix of software process metrics
The purpose of this paper is to present the different practices SMEs follow to adopt green IT. The main aim was to create awareness, provide current information technology solutions for the green cause, and things to consider when they plan to adopt green IT. SMEs can have pressures to address environmental issues by taking sustainable business practices from social, government and economic factors. SMEs need to have awareness to address this drivers and benefit from the opportunities green IT creates. One of the potential benefits of this study is that it approaches green IT as a holistic manner. In the theoretical background taking green IT framework, sets to figure the different components green IT address. Thus, it depicts green IT is not all about sustainability of IT department and its technologies but it also helps to achieve overall green initiatives, create new opportunities and makes the business competitive while simultaneously getting positive perception towards the business. Green IT is a developing sector and SMEs perception towards it differs from region to region. This paper provides the approaches SMEs need to acquire. A few of the approaches provide technological solutions to obtain energy efficiency, some require perception change within the business, others bring opportunities to business can embrace. Thus, SMEs can grasp from this paper, different green IT solutions when they aim to adopt sustainable business.
Brand building process for Voimo Oy
This thesis deals with the software company's business expansion via reseller channel. The case company is a Finnish software company M-files Oy. Part of the company's core strategy is a strong international growth via reseller channel. M-Files has already resellers in 50 countries and over 2,000 paying customers in 100 countries. Aim of this study is to explore the Swedish software market, as well as possibly find partners in the target country. In addition, the company can use the results of the work when it searches for new international partners from different countries. The research work is a single case study and is divided into theoretical part and an empirical part. The theoretical part presents the software company's business expansion and internationalization via reseller channel. The data were collected using a different literature, articles and internet. The empirical part presents results and conclusions.The study was conducted using a qualitative research method by interviewing Swedish ICT organizations and M-Files staff. The interviews were semi-structured interviews, which were designed to collect comprehensive information on the existing software market in Sweden. The research findings reveal that the Swedish software market is very similar to the Finnish software market. The Swedish market is highly competitive and it consists of global software development companies and small, innovative niche-oriented companies. Software market in Sweden is centralized in southern Sweden. Swedish companies and customers are willing to use new technologies and solutions if they can see that solutions can give real benefits and competitive advantage. This opens up opportunities for new products and services in the Swedish software market. The market is changing in such a way that the information value of the business is valued more than technical solutions.^The study identified a number of characteristics and issues that should take into account when a software company expands business to the Swedish software market. Software companies can also apply methods used in the research when they are analyzing new market areas or business opportunities in a new country.
Introduction to the Japanese software industry 2000
There are companies that create waves and those that ride or are drowned by them. As only he can, best selling author Ken Auletta takes readers for a ride on the Google wave, telling the story of how it formed and crashed into traditional media businesses, from newspapers and books to television, movies, and telephones. With unprecedented access to Google's founders and executives, Auletta reveals how the industry is being disrupted and redefined.
IPO comparison: traditional industry vs. IT industry : finnish IPOs 1994-2000
Young man in a hurry : Jari Ovaskainen, founder of the IT company Iobox
Business processes and software as part of them : a software development company case
Examining the four P's of marketing mix in the ICT sector in Greater London
The India phenomenom and Finland : backround study for Sitra ́s India programme
New industries from new places : the emergence of the software and hardware industries in China and India
Innovation management in the ICT sector : how frontrunners stay ahead
Holistic integration tester
International IT governance : an executive guide to ISO 17799/ISO 27001
Successful dealer in the Russian computer market
The existence of dominant companies such as Microsoft, Google, Facebook, etc. result in a dangerous situation in terms of abuses of data protection and data security legislation. It is important to specify the term “dominant” or “dominance” as, in my opinion, the existing definition from a competition law perspective does not apply to the situation concerning privacy and data protection. So far law has not presented any other sufficient way to describe “dominance”..
Entering the Swedish market via reseller channel : case M-files
ICT sector development in the Kainuu region
Starting a tech business : a practical guide for anyone creating or designing applications or software
Knowledge intensive services' suppliers and clients
Process performance in customer services
Financial Solutions : a magazine from TietoEnator
Battle of the titans : how the fight to the death between Apple and Google is transforming our lives
Small, high technology firms and their larger strategic alliance partners : entrepreneurial and resource-based perspectives
How IT Department Supports the SAP Software Implementation in Hoang Anh Gia Lai Multi-sector Company
Foundations of strategy
Making the software business case : improvement by the numbers
The triple helix : university-industry-government innovation in action
Idea man : a memoir by the co-founder of Microsoft
Defining new directions for user experience design
Branding strategies of born global : A case study of Finnish firm
Expectation management in IT organization : case: Company X Oyj
Regulators and competition spurring or retarding innovation in the telecommunications sector?
How an IT-company could productize and market its services effectively and efficiently to its business customers
Enterprise application software
ISO 9001:2000 : achieving compliance and continuous improvement in software development companies
Understanding and managing IT outsourcing : a partnership approach
Event sponsorship programs of the Beijing Olympic Games in 2008 : case: the Lenovo Group
Information acquisition in international business : innovation in a small biotechnology firm
Oulu UAS educates professionals for the needs of Northern Finland, whose competence corresponds to the needs and development of working life in the region. We react quickly to the changes occurring in working life and the requirements of new competence.    At the degree programme of Information Technology we aim to develop our teaching to include more real-life project work: our curricula include increasingly more company-related projects. This way we are able to provide our students with a more realistic view of the everyday work at companies, and also improve their employment opportunities.    The purpose of this publication is to spread the word about the projects and results achieved by the students and staff of the Information Technology department. In addition to student projects, our department is also involved in many domestic and international projects well worth mentioning. Yearly, our students complete hundreds of thesis and project work. This publication also presents good examples of our successful projects.
Information systems role in strategic agility : a supply chain context
What would Apple do? : how you can learn from Apple and make money : inspiration and ideas
Advances in software business : a reader on business models and partner ecosystems in the software industry
Discourses on 'culture' and 'usability work' in software product development
Offshore outsourcing of IT work : client and supplier perspectives
Global productions : labor in the making of the "information society"
Differences in organizational cultures : a challenge for IT projects
The blockchain alternative : rethinking macroeconomic policy and economic theory
National software industry survey 2008 : the Finnish software industry in 2007
Investigating the existence of business-IT alignment trap in Finnish organizations : (evidence of survey study)
Use of information technology in enterprises
Abstract: This thesis was motivated by my professional interest in Enterprise Application Software (EAS). Before I would be able to address the subject of my interest I needed to build a framework that could be used for the thesis.  The goal of this thesis was to create a framework which can be used to analyze the applicability of EAS for different industries by certain applicability criteria. There are so many different EAS today for each software category that companies and organizations struggle during software acquisition processes with the challenge to determine the best candidate to their particular business. This thesis aimed to analyze the factors to be considered be-fore and during the evaluation of the acquisition options.  The theoretical part of this thesis was built to separately determine the software and in-dustry categories and applicability criteria. The theory on software consists of Business Intelligence (BI), Customer Relationship Management (CRM) and Database and Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP). The theory on industries covers the banking, manufacturing and telecommunications industries where telecommunications is considered as a service pro-vider.  When the framework was finished it was utilized to perform an applicability analysis with it. The analysis was focused on every software category at a time. Every software catego-ry was analyzed for every industry by the chosen applicability criteria. The analysis led to conclusions on how to weigh different evaluation factors during the acquisition process.
In this long-awaited memoir, Allen, the co-founder of Microsoft, explains how he has solved problems, what he's learned from his many endeavors--both the triumphs and the failures--and his compelling vision for the future.
Geek Silicon Valley
Customer satisfaction : a study to improve the customer service process at Multitronic Oy
Service systems management and engineering : creating strategic differentiation and operational excellence
Executive summary (s. 10-12).
Tacit knowledge transfer through ICT tools in a multinational organization : case IBM
The new imperialists
Abuses of dominant ICT companies in the area of data protection
Development of industrial software supplier firms in the ICT cluster : an analysis of firm types, technological change and capability development
Sonera : cooperation in the northern dimension
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Effects of ICT on regional economic efficiency
Software startup patterns : an empirical study
Abstract in Finnish.
Change process towards ICT supported teaching and learning
International strategies of telecommunications operators : a framework for strategy analysis
Playing the matching game : an institutional analysis of executive recruitment and selection in software start-ups: Silicon Valley and Stockholm
An active attitude and the spirit of doing. Hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
