http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11248 holy books
holy books
Kr̥ṣṇa : The supreme personality of Godhead. A summary study of Śrīla Vyāsadeva's Śrīmad-Bhāgavatam, 10th canto. 1
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 48, The Vedânta-Sûtras with the commentary by Rāmānuja, Part 3
A glossary of Kumarajiva's translation of the Lotus sutra : = Miaofa lianhua jing cidian
The Bhagavadgītā
The book of the kindred sayings (Saņyutta-nikāya) or grouped suttas. Part 1, Kindred sayings with verses (Sagāthā-vagga)
Selections from the sacred writings of the Sikhs
Dialogues of the Buddha. Part 2, vol 3
Saints, legends and forgeries : the formation of the historiographical image of Valaam Monastery
The Qur'an in Islam : its impact and influence on the life of Muslims
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 39, The sacred books of China, the texts of Tāoism : Part 1
The meaning of the glorious Koran
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 1, The Upanishads, Part 1
The Zend Avesta. Part 3, The sacred books of the East, vol. XXXI
The teaching of Buddha
Ṛgveda saṁhitā : Sanskrit text, English translation and notes. Vol. 1, (Maṇḍala 1)
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 15, The Upanishads, Part 2
How to know god : the Yoga aphorisms of Patanjali
Buddhism in translations : passages selected from the Buddhist Sacred Books and translated from the original Pali into Englaish / by Henry Clarke Warren
The Gathas of Zarathushtra : hymns in praise of wisdom
Nature-imagery in the works of Saint Ambrose
The Śrautasūtras of Lātyāyana and Drāhyāyana and their commentaries. Vol. 1: 1, general introduction and appendices to Vol. 1
Borders : of boundaries, transitions and transgressions : a response to Gavin Flood
The Mahābhārata. 1, [Book 1]: The book of the beginning
The Book of Mormon : another testament of Jesus Christ ; The Doctrine and covenants of the Church of Jesus of Latter-Day Saints ; The Pearl of great price
Kr̥ṣṇa : The supreme personality of Godhead. A summary study of Śrīla Vyāsadeva's Śrīmad-Bhāgavatam, 10th canto. 3
Śrī Guru Granth Sāhib : with complete index. Part 1
The 100-word Bible
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi on the Bhagavad-gita : a new translation and commentary with Sanskrit text. Chapters 1 to 6.
Holy Bible : new international version
The Skanda-Purāna. Part 9
Drinking from the hidden fountain : a patristic breviary : ancient wisdom for today's world
The sociology of sacred texts
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 7, The institutes of Vishnu
Sacred books of the world : a companion source-book to Comparative religion
Hindu scriptures : hymns from the Rigveda, five Upanishads, the Bhagavadgita
The Mahābhārata. Vol. 3, [Book 4]: The book of Virata, [Book 5]: The book of the effort
The Qur'an : a new translation
The Mahābhārata. Vol. 2, [Book 2]: The book of the assembly hall, [Book 3]:, The book of the forest
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 3, The sacred books of China : the texts of Confucianism : part 1
Buddhist texts through the ages
The book of the kindred sayings (Saņyutta-nikāya) or grouped suttas. Part 2, The nidāna book (Nidāna-vagga)
The large sutra on perfect wisdom, with the divisions of the Abhisamayālaṅkāra
Avesta : religious books of the Parsees
The Holy Vedas : a golden treasury
The Book of Mormon : an account written by the hand of Mormon upon plates taken from the plates of Nephi
Scripture in the world religions : a short introduction
Śrī Guru Granth Sāhib : with complete index. Part 2
The holy Bible : new international version : containing The Old Testament and The New Testament
The holy Qur-an : English translation of the meanings and commentary
The book of Mormon : an account written by the hand of Mormon upon plates taken from the plates of Nephi
Introduction to the Talmud and Midrash
Bhagavad-gītā : an exegetical commentary
The book of Mormon : another testament of Jesus Christ ; The doctrine and covenants of the Church of Jesus of Latter-day Saints ; The pearl of great price
The Zend-Avesta
Textual sources for the study of Zoroastrianism
The Holy Quran
Holy Bible : new revised standard version : containing the Old and New Testaments
Religion : the basics
The path of purification (Visuddhimagga)
The role of Bhagavad Gita in Indian history
The Mānava śrautasūtra belonging to the Maitrāyanī saṁhitā = Mānavaśrautasūtram. Vol. 2
The Haphtara cycle : a handbook of the Jewish year
The Holy Bible : new revised standard version : containing the Old and New Testaments
The Holy Bible : NKJV = New King James version : containing the Old and New Testaments
The Holy Qur'an : English translation of the meanings and commentary
The English translation of the Holy Qur'an. Volume 1 : Surahs 1-3: based on M. H. Shakir's : with the Arabian text
The Skanda-Purāna. Part 5
The teachings of Zoroaster and the philosophy of the Parsi religion (1908)
Al Koraan al karim = The holy Qur-an
The Bundahishn ("Creation"), or knowledge from the Zand
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 33, The minor law-books
The Usborne family Bible
Songs of Zarathushtra : the Gathas
The Zend Avesta. Part 1, The sacred books of the East, vol. IV
Kr̥ṣṇa : The supreme personality of Godhead. A summary study of Śrīla Vyāsadeva's Śrīmad-Bhāgavatam, 10th canto. 2
The Koran
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 27, The sacred books of China : the texts of Confucianism : part 3
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 16, The sacred books of China : the texts of Confucianism : part 2
The Zend Avesta. Part 2, The sacred books of the East, vol. XXIII
Good news Bible
Sŕīmad Bhagavadgītā : [With Sanskrit text and english translation]
The book of filial duty
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 40, The sacred books of China, the texts of Tāoism : Part 2
The Mānava śrautasūtra belonging to the Maitrāyanī saṁhitā = Mānavaśrautasūtram. Vol. 1
The Song Celestial or Bhagavad-Gîtâ (from the Mahâbhârata) : being a discourse between Arjuna, prince of India, and supreme being under the form of Krishna
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 19, The Fo-sho-hing-tsan-king : a life of Buddha by Asvaghosha Bodhisattva
The voice, the word, the books : the sacred scripture of the Jews, Christians, and Muslims
The Qur'an
The prajna paramita heart sutra
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 28, The sacred books of China : the texts of Confucianism : part 4
Hindu canonical work.
The Kingfisher children's Bible
The Bhagavad-Gītā
Dialogues of the Buddha. Part 3. vol 4
