http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11204 slavery
slavery
A place called freedom ; The Modigliani scandal
This book critically examines the existence and identification of purpose-built slave markets in the Graeco-Roman world from a cross-cultural perspective. It investigates whether certain ancient monuments were designed specifically for use as slave markets and whether they required special equipment and safety precautions, allowing them to be clearly distinguished from other nonspecific commercial buildings and marketplaces of the Graeco-Roman world. First, selected parallels, namely slave markets in Istanbul, Marrakesh, Cairo, Havana, Charleston, and New Orleans, are analyzed in order to: assess the possible range of locations for the sale of slaves in slave-holding cultures better known than their ancient equivalents; answer the question of whether any of these cultures constructed clearly identifiable purpose-built slave markets on a regular basis, that is, whether the slave market was ever a firmly established building type; evaluate what can be gained from such a cross-cultural approach to the study of ancient slave markets. This is followed by a brief discussion of ancient written sources on slave markets, focusing on what the texts reveal about the existence, design, and requirements of ancient slave markets. A major part of this book is dedicated to a critical reexamination of all eight ancient buildings that have been identified as slave markets so far: Delos, so-called Agora of the Italians; Pompeii, Building of Eumachia; Rome, Crypta Balbi; Ostia, Tempio Rotondo; Herculaneum, so-called Basilica; Leptis Magna, so-called Chalcidicum/Building of Iddibal Cadapha Aemilius; Ephesus, so-called Sarapeum; Magnesia-on-Maeander, so-called Prytaneion. The conclusion includes a short comparison of modern and alleged ancient slave markets and finally answers the question of whether, to date, ancient slave markets are an archaeological fact or fiction.
Slavery and the slave trade in the autobiography of Olaudah Equiano
A new slavery ; forced labor: the communist betrayal of human rights
Nat Turner
The East is pitted against the West, and Kestrel and Arin are caught between. In a game like this, can anybody really win? / Library of Congress.
This scarce antiquarian book is a facsimile reprint of the original. Due to its age, it may contain imperfections such as marks, notations, marginalia and flawed pages. Because we believe this work is culturally important, we have made it available as part of our commitment for protecting, preserving, and promoting the world's literature in affordable, high quality, modern editions that are true to the original work.
Slavery and agricultural bondage in South India in the nineteenth century
Bitter Chocolate
Narrative of the life of Frederick Douglass : an American slave
Glory over everything : beyond the Kitchen house
Evidence relating to the 'real world' of antiquity - inscriptions, historiography and legal speeches - has dominated studies of ancient Greek and Roman slavery, although providing few direct accounts by slaves of their subjective experiences. Yet the imaginative fictions produced by the ancient psyche in its literature and art provide many representations and discussions of what it felt like to be a slave. This volume provides a sustained discussion of the theory and practice of handling ancient poetry and images in order to enhance our understanding of the way that slavery was experienced by both slaves and their owners in the ancient world.
Lilith was born into slavery on a Jamaican sugar plantation at the end of the eighteenth century. Even at her birth, the slave women around her recognize a dark power that they--and she--will come to both revere and fear. The Night Women, as they call themselves, have long been plotting a slave revolt, and as Lilith comes of age and reveals the extent of her power, they see her as the key to their plans. But when she begins to understand her own feelings and desires and identity, Lilith starts to push at the edges of what is imaginable for the life of a slave woman in Jamaica, and risks becoming the conspiracy's weak link.
Bury the chains : the British struggle to abolish slavery
How to manage your slaves
The winner's kiss : a novel
The American law of slavery 1810-1860 : considerations of humanity and interest
A brief history of slavery
Secret of the dragon
The slave community : plantation life in the antebellum South
The political economy of slavery : studies in the economy & society of the slave South
The American slave coast : a history of the slave-breeding industry
How did American slavery begin? : readings
Unfinished business : a comparative survey of historical and contemporary slavery
Captive hearts. Vol 2
A crime so monstrous : face-to-face with modern-day slavery
Goodbye iSlave : a manifesto for digital abolition
The adventures of Huckleberry Finn
Island beneath the sea
Captive hearts. Vol 4
Slavery is a word heavy with emotional and political overtones - to be owned by another person and treated as a commodity is the ultimate injustice. But this was the fate of a substantial percentage of the population of the ancient world. Slavery was essential to their societies; thus slavery is necessarily a core topic in the study of classical civilisation. Most previous studies of ancient slavery have grown out of historical and literary research. In the flood of books and papers on the subject, the archaeological evidence has often been ignored. This book fills the gap by confronting, for the first time, the archaeological evidence for slavery.This evidence is used to build up a picture of rich complexity, drawing both on historical sources or inscriptions and on archaeological studies of the development of technology and the economy. The book covers topics as diverse as the source of slaves, the nature of the slave trade, and the use of slave-labour in agriculture, mines and quarries, corn and weaving mills, and water-lifting. It concludes with chapters on restraint and slave revolts.This comprehensive and masterful book will be used both as a source of evidence and as a starting point for future research but by anyone studying the topic of slavery in any age.
Belle : the true story of Dido Belle
The problem of slavery in the age of Revolution, 1770-1823
Serfdom and slavery : studies in legal bondage
The African-American slave trade
In a future where humans despise clones, Matt enjoys special status as the young clone of El Patron, the 142-year-old leader of a corrupt drug empire nestled between Mexico and the United States / WorldCat.
Slavery in the New World : a reader in comparative history
Gone with the wind
No God but gain : the untold story of Cuban slavery, the Monroe doctrine, and the making of the United States
Black through white : African words and calques which survived slavery in Creoles and transplanted European languages
A post-apocalyptic story of how a young girl becomes "the child of destiny" and finds the strength to free her people and to seek revenge for the death of her brother / WorldCat.
THE ADVENTURES OF HUCKLEBERRY FINN
Pictorial Victorians : the inscription of values in word and image
The neglected period of anti-slavery in America (1808-1831)
Slaves in the family : Edward Ball
The ghost apple : a novel
The Clan of the Black Man : A History of the Black Race
Slavery and freedom on the middle ground : Maryland during the nineteenth century
Ancient slavery and the ideal of man
Slave society in the city : Bridgetown, Barbados 1680-1834
Ravenheart : a novel of the Rigante
James Shepherd Pike : republicanism and the American Negro, 1850-1882
The slavery experience in the United States
Bullwhip days : the slaves remember : an oral history
Lady Kestrel's engagement to Valoria's crown prince calls for great celebration: balls and performances, fireworks and revelry. But to Kestrel it means a cage of her own making. Embedded in the imperial court as a spy, she lives and breathes deceit and cannot confide in the one person she really longs to trust. While Arin fights to keep his country's freedom from the hands of his enemy, he suspects that Kestrel knows more than she shows. As Kestrel comes closer to uncovering a shocking secret, it might not be a dagger in the dark that cuts him open, but the truth. Lies will come undone, and Kestrel and Arin learn just how much their crimes will cost them.
The Missouri controversy 1819-1821
Harriet Tubman : the road to freedom
Pirates! : the true and remarkable adventures of Minerva Sharpe and Nancy Kington, female pirates
Letters of James Gillespie Birney : 1831-1857
Acorna : the unicorn girl
The suppression of the African slave-trade to the United States of America 1638-1870
The Routledge history of slavery
Slavery : a worldwide bibliography, 1900-1982
The winner's crime
A mercy : [a novel]
An abolitionist abroad : Sarah Parker Remond in cosmopolitan Europe
Generic features of runaway slave advertisements from eighteenth-century America
Slavery across time and space : studies in slavery in medieval Europe and Africa
A torch against the night
The astonishing life of Octavian Nothing traitor to the nation. Volume II :  The kingdom of the waves
The story of land and sea
Revelation
British antislavery 1833-1870
Slavery in the Roman empire
Restoration
Slavery : with addenda (1992)
Slavery and the penal system
American slavery : pre-1866 imprints
On slavery and abolitionism
History of the world. Africa : 8th to 18th century
"Welcome to a brave new world of profit making, propelled by high technology, guarded by enterprising authority, and carried forward by millions of workers. These millions of bodies gather in gigantic factory complexes to produce coveted commodities--iPhones, iPads, and other gadgets--for consumers worldwide. Yet, at these same factories, working conditions are notoriously oppressive, to the point that a number of employees there have committed suicide. In this study, Jack Linchuan Qiu examines systems of domination, exploitation, and alienation in an era of information technology, global connectivity, and individual consumerism engineered by corporations in collusion with national and regional state authorities. Focusing on notorious Taiwanese manufacturer Foxconn, Qiu conceptually develops the idea of iSlavery and the planetary Apple-Foxconn alliance he calls Appconn. Beginning with historical and legal explorations of slavery, he compares conditions of Foxconn workers to those of 17th century transatlantic slaves. Moving on from labor issues, he turns to fanatic consumption of digital media and argues that compulsive free labor contributions to commodity cycles constitute another form of iSlavery. Qiu relies on interviews, news analysis, and first-hand observation to clarify the circumstances faced by Foxconn workers and examine how a transborder working-class civil society was mobilized. He analyzes how media play a role in shaping public opinion and influencing corporate and state policies, ultimately affecting the fate of workers at the very bottom of the problematic new international division of labor"--
The author of the New York Times bestseller and beloved book club favorite The Kitchen House continues the story of Jamie Pyke, son of both a slave and master of Tall Oakes, whose deadly secret compels him to take a treacherous journey through the Underground Railroad.  Published in 2010, The Kitchen House became a grassroots bestseller. Fans connected so deeply to the book's characters that the author, Kathleen Grissom, found herself being asked over and over "what happens next?" The wait is finally over.  This new, stand-alone novel opens in 1830, and Jamie, who fled from the Virginian plantation he once called home, is passing in Philadelphia society as a wealthy white silversmith. After many years of striving, Jamie has achieved acclaim and security, only to discover that his aristocratic lover Caroline is pregnant. Before he can reveal his real identity to her, he learns that his beloved servant Pan has been captured and sold into slavery in the South. Pan's father, to whom Jamie owes a great debt, pleads for Jamie's help, and Jamie agrees, knowing the journey will take him perilously close to Tall Oakes and the ruthless slave hunter who is still searching for him. Meanwhile, Caroline's father learns and exposes Jamie's secret, and Jamie loses his home, his business, and finally Caroline.  Heartbroken and with nothing to lose, Jamie embarks on a trip to a North Carolina plantation where Pan is being held with a former Tall Oakes slave named Sukey, who is intent on getting Pan to the Underground Railroad. Soon the three of them are running through the Great Dismal Swamp, the notoriously deadly hiding place for escaped slaves. Though they have help from those in the Underground Railroad, not all of them will make it out alive - Provided by publisher.
Unfreedom : slavery and dependence in eighteenth-century Boston
Fruits of merchant capital : slavery and bourgeois property in the rise and expansion of capitalism
The slave systems of Greek and Roman antiquity
Yankee saints and southern sinners
"A wide-ranging, powerful, alternative vision of the history of the United States and how the slave-breeding industry shaped it. The American Slave Coast tells the horrific story of how the slavery business in the United States made the reproductive labor of "breeding women" essential to the expansion of the nation. The book shows how slaves' children, and their children's children, were human savings accounts that were the basis of money and credit. This was so deeply embedded in the economy of the slave states that it could only be decommissioned by Emancipation, achieved through the bloodiest war in the history of the United States. The American Slave Coast is an alternative history of the United States that presents the slavery business, as well as familiar historical figures and events, in a revealing new light"--
The winner's kiss
"The Cambridge Companion to Slavery in American Literature brings together leading scholars to examine the significance of slavery in American literature from the eighteenth century to the present day. In addition to stressing how central slavery has been to the study of American culture, this Companion provides students with a broad introduction to an impressive range of authors including Olaudah Equiano, Frederick Douglass, Harriet Beecher Stowe and Toni Morrison. Accessible to students and academics alike, this Companion surveys the critical landscape of a major field and lays the foundations for future studies." -- Publisher's description.
Warrior
Slavery : the many faces of a Southern institution
Reconstruction [1865-1877]
Captive hearts. Vol 3
The peculiar institution : slavery in the ante-bellum South
African systems of slavery
Atlantic ocean : the illustrated history of the ocean that changed the world
Slavery in America : a reader and guide
Slaves, freedmen, and indentured laborers in colonial Mauritius
Delicious Foods : a novel
The antislavery debate : capitalism and abolitionism as a problem in historical interpretation
Black ivory : a history of British slavery
The fortunate slave : an illustration of African slavery in the early eighteenth century
Life on the underground railroad
The abolitionists : a collection of their writings
Interest in contemporary slavery has increased dramatically over the last ten years, but there remains a widespread tendency to view slavery in the past and slavery in current society as independent fields of study. This book provides a comparative analysis of historical slave systems and modern forms of human bondage. From this standpoint, recent concerns over human trafficking, debt-bondage, child labor and other related problems are analyzed in view of the historical strengths and weaknesses of the legal abolition of slavery. By bringing together a range of studies on different aspects of slavery, both past and present, this book provides a platform for promoting dialogue about ways of addressing both contemporary slavery and the enduring legacies of historical slave systems.--Publisher's description.
Ante-bellum slavery : a critique of a debate
A short history of slavery
Reading ancient slavery
Dragonspell : the Southern Sea
Following the intrigue and danger of The Winner's Curse and the revolution and romance of The Winner's Crime, Kestrel finds herself in the tundra's mines and Arin has sailed home. The empire seems unstoppable. Lies will come undone, and Kestrel and Arin will learn just how much their crimes will cost them in this third and final installment in the heart-stopping Winner's trilogy.
Uncle Tom's cabin
Strands of bronze and gold
Modern slavery : the secret world of 27 million people
12 years a slave
From Galabar to Carter's Grove : the history of a Virginia slave community
A history of Sub-Saharan Africa
The slave's narrative
The hermetic millennia
The archaeology of Greek and Roman slavery
African slavery in Latin America and the Caribbean
Slavery and the church
The last runaway
Weidner's slaves : a misunderstanding in German colonial thought
Bourbon island 1730
Darwin's sacred cause : race, slavery and the quest for human origins
Slavery : a problem in American institutional and intellectual life
Award-winning historical slave-narrative drama directed by Steve McQueen and starring Chiwetel Ejiofor. The film follows the experience of Solomon Northup (Ejiofor), an African-American living with a wife and two children in Saratoga, New York, who is kidnapped and sold into slavery by men claiming to offer him work as a circus musician. Transported by ship to New Orleans, it isn't long before he is given a new name and sold to William Ford (Benedict Cumberbatch), a relatively empathetic slave owner. But confrontations with the cruel and violent overseer John Tibeats (Paul Dano) leads to Solomon being passed on by Ford to the extremely abusive and alcoholic planter Edwin Epps (Michael Fassbender), who rules his slaves with a whip in one hand and a Bible in the other. Believing the only hope of regaining his freedom is to remain passive for the time being, Solomon ceases fighting against the illegitimacy of his situation until salvation is offered to him by a kindly labourer named Bass (Brad Pitt). The film was nominated for nine Academy Awards and won three including Best Picture and Best Supporting Actress (Lupita Nyong'o). It also won the Golden Globe for Best Motion Picture - Drama and BAFTAs for Best Leading Actor (Ejiofor) and Best Film.
The kitchen house
Mauritania : the other apartheid?
Slavery in the Arab world
An aristocratic girl who is a member of a warmongering and enslaving empire purchases a slave, an act that sets in motion a rebellion that might overthrow her world as well as her heart.
Underground airlines
The Cambridge companion to slavery in American literature
The institution of slavery in Zanzibar and Pemba
A history of black America
Ancient slavery and modern ideology
Reckoning with slavery : a critical study in the quantitative history of American negro slavery
The burning shadow
The house of the scorpion
The unappropriated people : freedmen in the slave society of Barbados
Slavery in Tennessee
Graeco-Roman slave markets : fact or fiction?
Birds of prey
The book of night women
The slaves of Timbuktu
"Slavery is of course an indisputably central topic in American history. Yet to date, students, teachers and scholars have had no collection of essays aimed at an overview of its place in American literature. The seeds of this book were sown a few years ago when I set out to design a survey course on race and slavery in American writing. To broaden my preparation beyond the eighteenth- and early-nineteenth century focus of my previous research on the subject, I returned to a long-admired group of essays: Deborah McDowell and Arnold Rampersad's Slavery and the Literary Imagination (1989), a brilliant and enduring collection, but a set of English Institute papers that made no attempt at comprehensive treatment"--
Elijah of Buxton
Goodbye to Uncle Tom
The Jewel
Generic features of eighteenth century American runaway slave advertisements
This immoral trade : slavery in the 21st century
Crossings : Africa, the Americas and the Atlantic slave trade
Legal aspects of slavery in Babylonia, Assyria and Palestine : a comparative study (3000-500 B.C.)
The history of slavery
The internal enemy : slavery and war in Virginia 1772-1832
New slavery : a reference handbook
The historical encyclopedia of world slavery. 2, L-Z
The Diligent : a voyage through the worlds of the slave trade
Ante-bellum : writings of George Fitzhugh and Hinton Rowan Helper on slavery
The black American : a documentary history
"It is the present-day, and the world is as we know it: smartphones, social networking and Happy Meals. Save for one thing: the Civil War never occurred.  A gifted young Black man calling himself Victor has struck a bargain with federal law enforcement, working as a bounty hunter for the US Marshall Service. He's got plenty of work. In this version of America, slavery continues in four states called "the Hard Four." On the trail of a runaway known as Jackdaw, Victor arrives in Indianapolis knowing that something isn't right - with the case file, with his work, and with the country itself.  A mystery to himself, Victor suppresses his memories of his childhood on a plantation, and works to infiltrate the local cell of a abolitionist movement called the Underground Airlines. Tracking Jackdaw through the back rooms of churches, empty parking garages, hotels, and medical offices, Victor believes he's hot on the trail. But his strange, increasingly uncanny pursuit is complicated by a boss who won't reveal the extraodinary stakes of Jackdaw's case, as well as by a heartbreaking young woman and her child who may be Victor's salvation. Victor himself may be the biggest obstacle of all - though his true self remains buried, it threatens to surface. Victor believes himself to be a good man doing bad work, unwilling to give up the freedom he has worked so hard to earn. But in pursuing Jackdaw, Victor discovers secrets at the core of the country's arrangement with the Hard Four, secrets the government will preserve at any cost. Underground Airlines is a ground-breaking novel, a wickedly imaginative thriller, and a story of an America that is more like our own than we'd like to believe"--
The lord of opium
The slave question : liberty and property in South Africa
The Atlantic sound
Chains
Snow like ashes
Slavery, law, and politics : the Dred Scott case in historical perspective
The rise and fall of black slavery
Monitoring efforts against human trafficking
Slavery, contested heritage and thanatourism
Outcast
The winner's curse
America, empire of liberty : a new history
Torch against the night
