http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11256 scientists
scientists
Index to scientists of the world from ancient to modern times : biographies and portraits
From the mouth of the whale
The secret of Abdu El Yezdi : a Burton & Swinburne adventure
The complete Crepax. 1, Dracula, Frankenstein and other horror stories
Isaac Newton : the last sorcerer
Black science. volume 2 : Welcome, nowhere
The 100 most influential scientists : a ranking of the 100 greatest scientists past and present
The dragon seekers : the discovery of dinosaurs before Darwin
Doctor Solar : Man of the atom. Volume 2
Scientists in American society
Complete dictionary of scientific biography
The scientists : a family romance
Stalin and the scientists : a history of triumph and tragedy 1905-1953
Frankenstein cua Dean Koontz. 2 : Thanh pho cua bong dem
Out of their minds : the lives and discoveries of 15 great computer scientists
The preserved letters of Ulrich von Wilamowitz-Moellendorff to Eduard Schwartz : edited with introduction and commentary
Naming the multiple: segments of scientific giftedness
Gestatten Sie, dass ich vorstelle ... : biografen von Wissenschaftlern, deren Namen in Masseinheiten verewigt sind = Allow me introduce ... : biographies of scientists whose names have been immortalised in our units of measurement
In the present paper we investigate how fatherhood influences childbirth in the second union of men in three European countries. We use data from the first wave of the Generations and Gender Survey for France (2005), Norway (2007/8) and Hungary (2004/5) and we apply piecewise exponential event history models. The analysis complements earlier literature by focusing on men, taking a comparative perspective, looking at change over time, considering both cohabiting and marital unions, and also differentiating between the effects of non-residential and (part- or full-time) residential fatherhood.    Findings show that the probability of childbearing in the second union is the lowest if both partners already have child(ren) and highest if neither of them are parents. However we found different results if only one of the partners has pre-union children in the three countries. Findings are discussed in view of demographic trends, family and gender role attitudes, and relevant family policies.
Louis Pasteur : the French chemist whose experiments on germs led to the greatest medical breakthrough of all time
The storm
Fifty key anthropologists
Old worlds to new : the age of exploration and discovery
Notable twentieth-century scientists. Volume 3, L - R
Joseph Needham : 20th-century Renaissance man
The arrows of time
Dictionary of scientific biography. Volume 18, Supplement 2 : Aleksandr Nikolaevich Lebedev - Fritz Zwicky
Fall of the Hulks. volume one
Pandemic Iberia
The eternal flame
Doctor Solar : Man of the atom. Volume 1
The lost symbol
Afterparty
Essential The rampaging Hulk. Vol. 2
Diversity in coaching : working with gender, culture, race and age
Brief candle in the dark : my life in science
The incredible Hulk. The complete first season
The alchemist's daughter
Jurassic park
The incredible Hulk. The complete fourth season
Dictionary of scientific biography. Volume 11&12, Pitcairn to Stas
Science and nature : uncover the mystery of everyday marvels, from rocks to rainbows
Täyttä elämää kaikille : ylempi AMK -symposium III = Full life for all : UAS Master symposium III : proceedings
Biographical encyclopedia of scientists. Volume 2, L to Z
The Einstein code
Oppenheimer : the story of a friendship
Illustrious immigrants : the intellectual migration from Europe 1930-41
Beneath London
Ethics in practice : lawyers ́ roles, responsibilities, and regulation
Fantastic voyage
The forgotten room : a novel
An appetite for wonder : the making of a scientist : a memoir
The brain drain and taxation. 2, Theory and empirical analysis
Bats of the republic : un illuminated novel
Dictionary of scientific biography. Volume 17, Supplement 2 : Leason Heberling Adams - Fritz H. Laves
The devil's garden
The return of the discontinued man : a Burton & Swinburne adventure
Newton's fire
Discrimination against men : appearance and causes in the context of a modern welfare state
William Harvey : his life and times, his discoveries, his methods
Science is a sacred cow
Scientists in search of their conscience : proceedings of a Symposium on the Impact of Science on Society organised by The European Committee of the Weizmann Institute of Science, Brussels, June 28-29, 1971
Fear index
The disappearing spoon : and other true tales of madness, love, and the history of the world from the periodic table of the elements
The small back room
A celebration of the most influential and thought-provoking speeches that have shaped the world we live in. With comprehensive, chronological coverage of speeches from the 20th and 21st centuries, taken from all corners of the globe, entries all feature photo headshots of the speakers plus an introduction explaining the background behind every speech and biographical details of each of the speakers as well as analysis of each speech throughout including buzzwords, memorable phrases and marginal notes.
Biographical encyclopedia of scientists
"Male menopause" : the birth of a new illness?
Living biographies of great scientists
Black Science. volume 3 : Vanishing pattern
Nobel prize winners from Hungary for humanity
Us conductors : in which I seek the heart of Clara Rockmore, my one true love, finest theremin player the world will ever know : a novel
The Hutchinson dictionary of scientists
Fall of the Hulks. volume two
Scientists and inventors
Men's Fertility in Second Unions in Three European Countries: The Effect of Parenthood Status
The pirates! : in an adventure with scientists
Free radicals : the secret anarchy of science
Dictionary of scientific biography. Volume 5&6, Fischer to Hyrtl
Soviet men of science : academicians and corresponding members of the Academy of sciences of the USSR
Hollow fields. Volume 1
Notable twentieth-century scientists. Volume 1, A - E
Great scientists
Death benefit
Avoid being Sir Isaac Newton!
Ritverk : 1936-1962 = Collected scientific papers : 1936-1962
The pharaoh's secret
This book will make you think : philosophical quotes and what they mean
Notable twentieth-century scientists. Volume 2, F - K
Albert Einstein : a documentary biography
Scholars of Byzantium
Johannes Kepler : life and letters
The Manhattan Projects = MP. 5
Hollow fields. Omnibus collection
The secret anarchy of science
The quiet invasion
Dawkins shares with us his infectious sense of wonder at the natural world, his enjoyment of the absurdities of human interaction, and his bracing awareness of life's brevity: all of which have made a deep imprint on our culture.
Tensions in human-technology research
100 people who made history : meet the people who shaped the modern world
The incredible Hulk. The complete third season
Prove It!
Eureka! : the most amazing scientific discoveries of all time
Polar shift : a novel from the NUMA files
The strange case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
50 speeches that made the modern world
The Manhattan Projects = MP. 6
Dictionary of scientific biography. Volumes 13-14
The incredible Hulk. The complete fifth season
"With the scope of Dune and the rousing action of Independence Day, this near-future trilogy is the first chance for English-speaking readers to2 8xperience this multple-award-winning phenemonenon from China's most beloved science fiction author. In Dark Forest, Earth is reeling from the revelation of a coming alien invasion--in just four centuries' time. The aliens' human collaborators may have been defeated, but the presence of the sophons, the subatomic particles that allow Trisolaris instant access to all human information, means that Earth's defense plans are totally exposed to the enemy. Only the human mind remains a secret. This is the motivation for the Wallfacer Project, a daring plan that grants four men enormous resources to design secret strategies, hidden through deceit and misdirection from Earth and Trisolaris alike. Three of the Wallfacers are influential statesmen and scientists, but the fourth is a total unknown. Luo Ji, an unambitious Chinese astronomer and sociologist, is baffled by his new status. All he knows is that he's the one Wallfacer that Trisolaris wants dead"-- Provided by publisher
The dark forest
The world treasury of physics, astronomy, and mathematics
International who's who of intellectuals
Green Earth
Upside down : A vampire tale
Verrier Elwin philanthropologist : selected writings
The Manhattan Projects = MP. 4
Death's end
Ant-man : Season one
Inferno
SANA Newsletter : Scientists against nuclear arms
The tower
Talking about text : studies presented to David Brazil on his retirement
Curious minds : how a child becomes a scientist
Black Cross
McGraw-Hill modern men of science. Volume 2 : 420 more leading contemporary scientists
It's the mid-19th century and diseases are spreading fast on the Iberian peninsula. Your mission? As members of The Second Royal Philanthropic Expedition, you must research four deadly diseases: malaria, typhus cholera and yellow fever. From Barcelona to Lisboa, you will travel by carriage, boat, and train to help the Iberian populace. In addition to treating patients and sharing your research, you will develop railways and purify water to help you contain the spread of diseases.
Red Hulk
Lake views : this world and the universe
Psychologists on psychology
Recollections of a pioneering sovietologist
The Incredible Hulks : Heart of the monster
Autobiography : narratives of the incidents of my early life
Ideals and realities : selected essays of Abdus Salam
Feynman's rainbow : a search for beauty in physics and in life
The crime of Galileo
The long Earth
Men and women of the forest : livelihood strategies and conservation from a gender perspective in Ranomafana National Park, Madagascar
Who's who in science and technology
George and the big bang
The disappearing spoon : and other true tales of madness, love, and the history of the world from the Periodic Table of the elements
Dictionary of scientific biography. Volume 9&10, Macrobius to Piso
The day without yesterday
The last good man
The Kurt Lewin Centenary Symposium
Commemorative practices in science : historical pespectives on the politics of collective memory
The role of adiposity, growth and inflammation related gene variants in physical performance and body composition
Monday starts on Saturday
Plague and cholera
The twelfth department
Notable twentieth-century scientists. Volume 4, S - Z
Dictionary of scientific biography. Volume 7&8, Iamblichus to Macquer
The lost island
Nikola Tesla : stvaralaštvo geniǰa = Nikola Tesla : the work of a genius
FlashForward
Dictionary of scientific biography
Isaac Newton
Beautiful, brilliant Dr Gina Solomon is one of a handful of scientists stationed on a remote island off the Arctic Circle. Out conducting research in the last days before winter wraps the area in months-long darkness, she witnesses a plane crash over the Bering Sea, and rescues a survivor from the wreckage. With a snowstorm stranding them unexpectedly, it's at least twenty-four hours before they return to the research station - and discover that all of the other scientists have been murdered. Whoever killed them is still on the island.
The arc of the swallow
The clockwork rocket
The incredible Hulk. The complete second season
Rafael Karsten (1879-1956) : a Finnish scholar of religion
