http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11207 occupational hygiene
occupational hygiene
The early sociology of health and illness. Vol. 6, The hygiene, diseases and mortality of occupations
Unhealthiness of London ; The habitations of the industrial classes
"From experience to innovation" : proceedings of the 13th Triennial Congress of the International Ergonomics Association, June 29 - July 4, 1997 Tampere, Finland. Volume 1, Organizational design and management
On Cooking : a textbook for culinary fundamentals
Air sampling and industrial hygiene engineering
Easy guide to health and safety
The management of service for the restaurant manager
Terveydenhuollon hyvät hygieniakäytännöt = Goda hygienrutiner inom hälsovården = Good hygiene practices in health care
Requirements for fishing boats and vessels : navigation, safety and hygiene
Employee well-being support : a workplace resource
The Royal Marsden Hospital manual of clinical nursing procedures
Global occupational health
Human factors in engineering and design
Food service sanitation/safety
34th R3-Nordic Contamination Control Symposium Turku, Finland, June 2-4, 2003
Summary: Measures to maintain working capacity and prevent occupational disability at small workplaces in 1995-1998.
The Principles and practice of bar and beverage management
Koneiden turvallisuus. Osa 1, Suunnittelun perusteet = Safety of machinery. Part 1, General principles for design
Hospital infection : from Miasmas to MRSA
Fresh fruits and vegetables
Environmental science in building
Finnish aid in rural water supply and sanitation improvements : lessons in institutional evolution in Nepal
On cooking : a textbook of culinary fundamentals
Odorous volatile organic compounds in waste and wastewater management
Respiratory and dermal exposure to creosote
Maximizing profitability with safety culture development
"From experience to innovation" : proceedings of the 13th Triennial Congress of the International Ergonomics Association, June 29 - July 4, 1997 Tampere, Finland. Volume 6, Agriculture and food industry, construction work, dental work, traffic safety
"Preface This textbook is the outgrowth of teaching human factors engineering for 30 years to undergraduates. The course is an offering of the psychology department, just as it was decades ago when I was a student myself. The field of human factors psychology (or human factors engineering, or engineering psychology) has changed markedly during that time. Although it still stays true to its original concerns about the person-machine interface, it has expanded to include new developments in stress research, accident analysis and prevention, and nonlinear dynamic systems theory (how systems change over time), and some aspects of human group dynamics and environmental psychology. Computer technology has permeated every aspect of the human-machine system, and has only become more ubiquitous since the previous edition. The systems are becoming more complex, so it should stand to reason that theories need to evolve to cope with the new sources of complexity. It has been a challenge to find a textbook for the class under these conditions of technological change. At first, I found one that seemed just perfect with regard to the breadth and depth of coverage I was looking for. After a few years it only needed a supplementary reading or two to help out, but eventually it went out of print, never to return. The other textbook choices by that time had diverged greatly in how they characterized the scope of the field. One approach concentrated on tables and graphs for otherwise traditional topics. A second approach retrenched into the theories of cognitive psychology and focused less on the practical problems in human factors. Meanwhile, library shelves were filling up with books on human-computer interaction that were becoming progressively more dissociated"--
Potter and Perry's foundations in nursing theory and practice
The second edition of this bestseller continues to provide the basic tenants needed to initiate a comprehensive occupational safety and health initiative. Updated with more than 30 percent new and revised material, this volume encompasses a total management approach that deals with the development of written programs, the identification of hazards, the mitigation of hazards by the use of common safety and health tools, the development of a safe workforce through communications, and motivational techniques including behavior-based safety, worker involvement, and stepped up training. More than just a source of information, this book provides practical applications for real world situations.
The restaurant : from concept to operation. Student workbook
Fundamentals of occupational safety and health
Introduction to health and safety at work : the handbook for the NEBOSH national general certificate / c Phil Hughes, Ed Ferrett
"From experience to innovation" : proceedings of the 13th Triennial Congress of the International Ergonomics Association, June 29 - July 4, 1997 Tampere, Finland. Volume 5, Human-computer interaction, stress and mental load, aging, occupational health
Fast food nation : the dark side of the all-American meal
Occupational exposure to fungi and methods to assess the exposure
Introduction to contamination control and cleanroom technology
Health and safety enforcement : law and practice
The occupational ergonomics handbook. Fundamentals and assessment tools for occupational ergonomics
Occupational safety and health for technologists, engineers, and managers
Assessment of exposure to fungicide propamocarb among Finnish potato farmers and inspectors with a special reference to models predicting exposure in developing countries
Global inequalities at work : work's impact on the health of individuals, families, and societies
The occupational ergonomics handbook
Occupational hygiene
Abstract: This final project is part of Improving the Quality of Hand Hygiene and Asepsis in the Care of Nephrological Patients, a project conducted by Metropolia University of Applied Sciences, in collaboration with the Clinics of Nephrology and Infection Diseases of HUCH, the Department of Nursing Science of Turku University Faculty of Medicine, and the Finnish Kidney and Liver  Association.    The purpose of this final project is to identify interventions that can improve hand hygiene adherence in  haemodialysis patient care and, in addition, influence the implementation of change in clinical practice.    There were 15 research articles for this literature review, collected systematically from OVID, CINAHL and PUBMEB. In addition, manual search was conducted in order to find literature supporting the concepts of hand hygiene and asepsis.    The findings showed that single interventions improved hand hygiene adherence but, in order to reach a sustained high level of adherence, multifaceted interventional programmes focusing on education and behavioural change were preferred. They should include educational courses, trainings, poster campaigns, performance feedbacks, use of technology, accessibility to hand rub, and role modelling.    The implementation of change is a long process that depends on the quality and content of the interventions, the nurses' active participation and the support institutions can provide. Further development of multifaceted interventional programmes is needed to ensure that nurses have sufficient knowledge and awareness on hand hygiene and asepsis in the care of nephrological patients.
An occupational perspective of health
"From experience to innovation" : proceedings of the 13th Triennial Congress of the International Ergonomics Association, June 29 - July 4, 1997 Tampere, Finland. Volume 4, Musculoskeletal disorders, rehabilitation
Principles of health and safety at work
Safe and clean care : infection prevention and control for health and social care students / Tina Tilmouth and Simon Tilmouth
Workplace safety
The elements of nursing : a model for nursing based on a model of living
Environmental health : from global to local
Food preparation and cooking : student guide, core units
Summary.
Perioperative nursing practice
Introduction to health and safety at work : the handbook for the NEBOSH national general certificate
Fundamentals of nursing : Concepts, process, and practice
Systematic occupational health and safety management : perspectives on an international development
A comprehensive guide to the hazardous properties of chemical substances
The effect of filter solidity and face velocity on the penetration and pressure drop of fibrous aerosol filters operated in the inertial interception regime
Risk assessment and preventive strategies in cleaning work
Foodservice management : principles and practices
Professional food manager
Hygiene for the worker
The Handbook of Operator Fatigue
Air sampling instruments for evaluation of atmospheric contaminants
Essential air monitoring methods : from the MAK-collection for occupational health and safety
International encyclopedia of ergonomics and human factors
Occupational health and safety management : a practical approach
The real citizen : evaluation report
Environmental Science in Building covers the science, technology and services that relate to the comfort of humans and the environmental performance of buildings. This popular text is designed to be useful, at all levels, to students and practitioners of architecture, construction studies, building services, surveying, and environmental science. This edition has been thoroughly updated and the contents reorganised to ensure optimum presentation and understanding of topics. The contents include: climate and the built, environment, human environmental comfort, insulation and energy use in buildings, air control in buildings, artificial and natural lighting, noise control and sound insulation, electricity generation and supply, water supplies and waste water treatment, carbon and energy management in construction, resource conservation and sustainability in construction, sick buildings and green buildings. Key features are: Clear and accessible text layout for ease of use, Clear explanations of principles and technologies, Up-to-date practice and world-wide trends incorporated, Minimum prior knowledge of science and mathematics assumed, Worked examples displayed and explained step-by-step, Large resource sections of supporting information and references.
Neuropsychological symptoms among tanker drivers exposed to gasoline
Human factors engineering and ergonomics : a systems approach
Safety at work
Risk by choice : regulating health and safety in the workplace
Fast food Nation : What the all-american meal is doing to the world
Health promotion in the workplace
Microbiology for nurses : applications to patient care
Abstract.
Kozier & Erb's fundamentals of nursing : concepts, process, and practice
Concepts of scrubbing, gowning and gloving
Implementing change in hand hygiene and asepsis in haemodialysis nursing care : a literature review
Bathing : the body and community care
Stretching in the office
Chef's manual of kitchen management
The occupational ergonomics handbook. Interventions, controls, and applications in occupational ergonomics
Effective hand hygiene
The Addison-Wesley photo-atlas of nursing procedures
Aerosol science for industrial hygienists
Studies on factors affecting slaughterhouse hygiene
Effects of waste treatment technique and quality of waste on bioaerosols in Finnish waste treatment plants
Handbook of human factors and ergonomics methods
34th R3-Nordic Contamination Control Symposium : Turku, Finland, June 2-4, 2003
Clinical companion : fundamentals of nursing
Comparison and error analysis of instrumentation and methods for assessment of neutral and hot environment on the basis of ISO standards
Handbook of hygiene control in the food industry
Human factors methods : a practical guide for engineering and design
Infection prevention in nursing care of hemodialysis patients : a presentation as a clinical intervention at the nephrological clinic of the Surgical Hospital (January 2009)
Applied foodservice sanitation
