http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1127 groups
groups
Group-oriented geronotological rehabilitation in Finland : meningful group roles of elderly clients
"What is Europe? What are the contents of the concept of Europe? And what defines European identity? Instead of only asking these classical questions, this volume also explores who asks these questions, and who is addressed with such questions. Who answers the questions, from which standpoints and for what reasons? Which philosophical, historical, religious or political traditions influence the answers? This book addresses its task in three parts. The first concentrates on the controversies around the meaning of Europe. The second focuses on the role of the European Union. The third discusses Europe and its relations to different types of otherness, or rather, non-European-ness. The volume produces a complex and plural picture of the concepts, ideas, debates and (ex)changes associated with the concept of Europe, and has a clear significance for today's debates on European identity, Europeanization, and the EU".
Group techniques for idea building
Limits of liberal multiculturalism
104 activities that build : self-esteem, teamwork, communition, anger management, self-discovery and coping skills
How to run seminars & workshops : presentation skills for consultants, trainers and teachers
Relational tensions in subgroup relationships : a case study of synchronous communication in a global virtual team
They say: oh, it's a foreigner who made trouble
Team players and teamwork : new strategies for developing successful collaboration
Scapegoat : a history of blaming other people
Experiences in groups and other papers
The book Managing Virtual Teams explores the critical elements that must be considered in managing virtual teams in organizations from structural, managerial, and process points-of-view. Based in solid research, the book provides a deep look at the nature of virtual teams and the factors that enable their success.Using a text-analysis method, the book consolidates results from both academic and practitioners' sources about virtual team inputs, processes, and outcomes. It lays out in clear detail the key characteristics of virtual teams and traces their emergence within organizations and research literature. Managing Virtual Teams addresses the particular practices of virtual teams, not only technological-focused but also socio-emotional, including the managerial attitudes required in virtual environments seeking well-performing teams. Incorporating case studies and research results, this book demonstrates how academic research can be used to successfully manage businesses in a virtual context.This book is a valuable contribution with clear guidelines for managerial practice, both for researchers interested in learning about virtual teams and to managers and organizations dealing with the challenges of managing them. Students will also benefit from this book as they learn how to become effective and operational virtual team members, and in future, successful managers.
Sociometry in group relations : a manual for teachers
Introduction to counseling and guidance ; Robert L. Gibson, Marianne H. Mitchell
Co-operative learning : the social and intellectual outcomes of learning in groups
The Nurse as Group Leader
Triple border regions in Central Europa : the case of Hungary and its neighbours
Fuzzy multicriteria decision-making : models, methods and applications
Group dynamics in sport
Research methods for studying groups and teams : a guide to approaches, tools, and technologies
Group dynamics
The process of group communication
White racism : the basics
There is a tribe of kids
Consumer behaviour : a European perspective
The relational subject
A companion to the anthropology of Europe
The vinyl underground. [Vol. 1] : Watching the detectives
Group process in physical education
The social psychology of group cohesiveness : from attraction to social identity
Leadership and management in nursing
Taking the group seriously : towards a post-Foulkesian group analytic theory
Mary Parker Follett : spokesman for democracy, philosopher for social group work, 1918-1933
The concept of ethnic identity and popular musician
Net migration in London : evidence of ethnic deconcentration
Team training essentials : a research-based guide
Cohesion, real war, and the effectiveness of the organization
Small group teaching : tutorials, seminars and beyond
White Trash : The 400-Year Untold History of Class in America
Cases in public management
Stakeholder anger - negative engagement towards organizations online : a literature review
The sociology of small groups
Social psychology : understanding human interaction
Approaching Xihaigu
Groups as epistemic communities : studies on the role of groups in forming and circulating social knowledge
Groups and organizations : integrated readings in the analysis of social behavior
Learning group leadership : an experiential approach
Racial and ethnic competition
Art therapy for groups : a handbook of themes, games and exercises
Communicating in groups : applications and skills
Group processes in social work : a theoretical synthesis
Dynamics of group decisions
Trajectories of three women's groups in urbanizing Senegal : observing social capital and livelihoods in Rufisque
"In today's global world organizations rely more and more on virtual teams. In his latest book on group coaching for high-performance teams, Manfred Kets de Vries provides a clear understanding of how to coach groups of managers and make them effective teams that can bring greatly improved performance for their companies. Executives, consultants, and coaches will learn what factors drive their success or failure and how to improve their ability to adapt to changing situations"--
The purposes of groups and organizations
Leading strategic change : breaking through the brain barrier
The voices / Susan Elderkin
Group interactive art therapy : its use in training and treatment
Sophia's secret
Sense of coherence as a buffer against crisis management veteran's stress
Does ethnicity matter for European Americans? : interpreting ethnic identity in the post-civil rights era
Russians as presented in TV documentaries
Cluster analysis
Cloud-dwellers of the Himalayas : the Bothia
Argumentative strategies of nation-state-building in Malaysia : management of latent ethnic conflict
Group performance
Resettlement, resource conflicts, livelihood revival and reintegration in south Sudan : a study of the processes and institutional issues at the local level in Magwi county
The meanings of Europe : changes and exchanges of a contested concept
The hedgehog effect : executive coaching and the secrets of building high performance teams
The perceived effects of a group decision support system, existing social networks and personality type on the group process and outcomes : an introductory experimental study
Age, race and ethnicity : a comparative approach
European review of social psychology. Vol. 3
This paper presents some of the key results of the INPRES (“Intervening at the pre-migration stage: Providing tools for promoting integration and adaptation”) research project concerning identity and integration of Ingrian Finns migrating from Russia to Finland. Conducted at the University of Helsinki between 2008 and 2011, the aim of the research project was to investigate the factors involved in these migrants' integration processes over the course of the migration process, starting before they move to Finland. The project also aimed to provide researchbased tools to promote integration and positive intergroup relations. In this paper, we discuss our findings that concern the complexity of identities and how they are constructed and change based on context. The role of identities in the formation of acculturation orientations, and anticipated and actual intergroup relations are also discussed. The results presented are derived from our most recent INPRES publications and ongoing work..
Group coaching : a practical guide to optimising collective talent in any organization
Struggle for identity : the silent revolution against corporate conformity
Group dynamics and team interventions : understanding and improving team performance
E pluribus unum : the assimilation paradigm revisited
Eruption pattern and occlusal development of the permanent dentition among different population and ethnic groups
The native races of Asia and Europe : a copious selection of passages for the study of social anthropology from the manuscript notebooks of James George Frazer
Peer student group interaction within the process-product paradigm
Sociology
Problem-solving group interaction
Time as a factor in groupwork : time-limited group experiences
Pedagogical small group approach in a day care center
Smart Things to Know about Teams
Nationalism and ethnic conflict
Selves in relation : an introduction to psychotherapy and groups
Jewellery : [in the collections of] Museum of the Ethnography of the Peoples of the USSR
Team building : proven strategies for improving team performance
The small group : an analysis of research concepts and operations
Introduction to occupation : the art and science of living
Intergroup behavior
Team building : an exercise in leadership
Body of power, spirit of resistance : the culture and history of a South African people
A social perspective on the outgroup attitude formation of youth
Ethnicity and its identity in the U.S.A. : a report of the field research in the U.S.A. (1979)
Structural contexts of opportunities
Chicken mission : chaos in Cluckbridge
Progressive cooperative group decision-making
Governance matters : China's developing western region with a focus on Qinghai province
ICT Tools and Group Dynamics : ICT Tools Enhancing the Communication in Intercultural Project Teams Alternatively Working in a Collocated and Virtual Context at the Forming and Storming Stages
Skilled interpersonal communication : research, theory, and practice
Language, Culture, and Teaching : critical perspectives
Social identity and intergroup relations
Aiming for change : exploring the benefits of music therapy on patients diagnosed with schizophrenia in a Turkish university hospital
Sealed with a diss : a clique novel
The force behind the change : an investigation into Ghanaians views on the inheritance culture of the Akans and Intestate Succession Law of Ghana
Essentials of organizational behavior, Instructor's manual with test item file
The triple package : what really determines success
Group discussion : theory and technique
201 icebreakers : group mixers, warm-ups, energizers, and playful activities
Towards a monoethnic state : ethnic minorities in Poland from the end of the Second World War until the present
Emotions, Somatization and Psychiatric Symptoms among the Akan
United we stand - divided we fall : a standard model of unit cohesion
The concise adair on teambuilding and motivation
Kac algebras and duality of locally compact groups
The creative connection for groups : person-centered expressive arts for healing and social change
Theoretical principles of sociology. Volume 3, Mesodynamics
Group counseling : strategies and skills
The native races of Australasia including Australia, New Zealand, Oceania, New Guinea and Indonesia : a copious selection of passages for the study of social anthropology from the manuscript notebooks of James George Frazer
"In this paper, four theories on the causes of civil war are reviewed. One theory, associated with Paul Collier, emphasises feasibility over factors related to grievance. A second theory, espoused by Frances Stewart, focuses on the role of horizontal inequalities. The third theory, identified with William Zartman, highlights the different roles “need, creed and greed” factors play in various phases of a conflict. And the fourth theory, associated with the World Bank / World Development Report 2011, points out “commitment” problems leading to institutional failures as a crucial factor. Each of the theories leads to quite different policy conclusions. Their strengths and weaknesses, and their claimed empirical support, are discussed.In addition, some of the mechanisms underpinning the theories are highlighted on the basis of empirical data. In particular, the central role of horizontal inequalities between social groups is discussed." --Publisher's description.
Imagining the other : orientalism and occidentalism in Tamil-European relations in South India
"Many social theorists now call themselves 'relational sociologists', but mean entirely different things by it. The majority endorse a 'flat ontology', dealing exclusively with dyadic relations. Consequently, they cannot explain the context in which relationships occur or their consequences, except as resultants of endless 'transactions'. This book adopts a different approach which regards 'the relation' itself as an emergent property, with internal causal effects upon its participants and external ones on others. The authors argue that most 'relationists' seem unaware that analytical philosophers, such as Searle, Gilbert and Tuomela, have spent years trying to conceptualize the 'We' as dependent upon shared intentionality. Donati and Archer change the focus away from 'We thinking' and argue that 'We-ness' derives from subjects' reflexive orientations towards the emergent relational 'goods' and 'evils' they themselves generate. Their approach could be called 'relational realism', though they suggest that realists, too, have failed to explore the 'relational subject'"--
Viêt Nam : hình anh công dong 54 dân tôc = Vietnam : image of the community of 54 ethnic groups
Portfolio projects for soft skills
Australia as a multicultural society
Cohesion forgotten? : Redux 2011 - knowns and unknowns
The Finnish minority situation in Norway
Strong teams can be one of the greatest strengths of an organization-just as poor teams can spell disaster. Group Dynamics and Team Interventions brings research and practice together to offer proven application and intervention techniques to help optimize team functioning in the workplace. A benefit to academics and practitioners alike, this book provides readers with a better understanding of the dynamics that inform team behavior, along with assessment tools and practical techniques to create and maintain high-performing teams.
Intergroup relations
What should I think, how should I feel? : the balancing of personal experiences and social norms in the outgroup attitude formation of youth
Crowds and power
The established and the outsiders
The strength in us : self-help groups in the modern world
Individual change through small groups
Counseling the culturally diverse : theory and practice
Collaborate : the art of we
Group decision making
A Companion to the Anthropology of Europe offers a survey of contemporary Europeanist anthropology and European ethnology, and a guide to emerging trends in this geographical field of research. Providing a synthesis of the different traditions and contemporary approaches, the book is both thematic and fully cross-European in its approach.
The savage detectives
Countries and peoples of the Pacific basin : summaries of articles by Soviet scholars : for the XII International Conress of the Pacific Science Association (Canberra, August 1971)
The Polish ethnic group in Canada
Group communication via computer : social psychological aspects of the COM-system
Managing virtual teams
The Good Manager's Guide : over 130 practical checklist for day-to-day management
Group dynamics : the psychology of small group behavior
Ethnicity and American social theory : toward critical pluralism
Team building : a structured learning approach
Ambedkar and the imperative of integration
Nonlinear Distortion in Wireless Systems: Modelling and Simulation with Matlab(r) describes the principles of modeling and simulation of nonlinear distortion in single and multichannel wireless communication systems using both deterministic and stochastic signals. Models and simulation methods of nonlinear amplifiers explain in detail how to analyze and evaluate the performance of data communication links under nonlinear amplification. The book deals with the analysis of nonlinear systems with stochastic inputs and establishes the performance metrics of communication systems with regard to nonlinearity. The relationship between nonlinear system parameters (which are model dependent) and system performance figures of merit is established when the input to the system consists of real-world communication signals. The book also addresses the problem of how to embed models of distortion in system-level simulators such as MATLAB&trade; and MATLAB Simulink&trade; where practical techniques that professionals can use immediately on their projects are presented. The book explores simulation and programming issues and provides a comprehensive reference of simulation tools for nonlinearity in wireless communication systems.
How to be a successful entrepreneur : spot the opportunity, take the risk and build a brilliant business
How personal growth and task groups work
We Are All Here! : Multiple Groups on a Social Network Site
Organisational behaviour for dummies
Affirmative discrimination : ethnic inequality and public policy
Exploring the practical framework of a multicultural music therapy group for children with emotional and behavioral needs in an after-school setting
Group creativity : innovation through collaboration
"More and more social theorists are now calling themselves 'Relational Sociologists', but they mean entirely different things by this term. It can cover anything from reductionist methodological individualism to a form of holistic sociological imperialism that deems all our relations to be exclusively 'social'. The majority, however, endorse a 'flat ontology', dealing exclusively with dyadic relations. Consequently, they cannot explain the context in which relationships occur despite there being no such thing as context-less action. It also means that the outcomes of relationality can be explained only as the result of an endless series of 'transactions', whose aggregation would somehow account for social stability and change. The approach of this book is quite different, in regarding the 'the relation' itself as an emergent property, with internal causal effects upon its participants and external ones on others. A second difference is that many of these 'Relationists' appear unaware that analytical philosophers, such as John Searle, Margaret Gilbert and Raimo Tuomela, have spent twenty years trying to vindicate a concept of the 'We', that gives rise to commitment, cooperation and collective action; one that also generates deontic rights: obligations, rights, and duties. In this book, however, 'We-ness' is held to derive from subjects' reflexive orientations towards the emergent relational 'goods' and 'evils' they themselves generate - then affecting their actions in a couple, a work group, sport's team, orchestra, voluntary association or social movement. Both authors could be called 'Relational Realists', but we have something to offer to Realism too, which, despite its humanism, has failed to explore the 'Relational Subject'"--
Making decisions in groups : choices and consequences
Strength and diversity in social work with groups : think group
Leadership and dynamic group action
Boundaries of an urban minority : the Helsinki Jewish community from the end of Imperial Russia until the 1970s
Ethics for graduate researchers : a cross-disciplinary approach
Improving group decision making in organizations : approaches from theory and research
Theory and practice of group counseling
Human groups
The scope of social psychology :  theory and applications
Affine decomposition of isometries in nilpotent Lie groups
There is ongoing concern as to whether ethnic communities in Great Britain are becoming increasingly spatially segregated. This paper uses data from the 2001 Census of Population to explore the relationship between ethnic net migration and ethnic population concentration in London, the capital city and main location of ethnic minority populations in the United Kingdom. The findings suggest that migration is acting as an agent of dispersal of non-White populations from areas of high ethnic concentration to areas of low ethnic concentration, whereas White migrants are leaving areas where they are underrepresented and moving to areas of over-representation..
Groups : understanding people gathered together
The Pre-Raphaelites
Metacognition in group problem solving : a quest for socially shared metacognition
Structuring diversity : ethnographic perspectives on the new immigration
Ethnic identities are affected by social changes which force identities, their meanings, and cultural markers connected to them to be adapted to new situations. Among the highland peoples of Southeast Asia in recent decades, the degree of change has been remarkable, encompassing both economic and political transformation, and increased impact and cultural influence from majority populations. As a result, in one of the smaller upland groups of southwestern China, northern Thailand, Laos and central Myanmar—the Akeu—symbols of ethnicity which are related to traditions and outer appearance are losing their significance, while certain selected traditions are still appreciated and are undergoing modification to fit them to new circumstances. Language remains an important marker of Akeu ethnicity. Akeu identity used to carry meanings of illiteracy, poverty, and low status and, as language remains an important marker of Akeu ethnicity, newly invented writing in the Akeu language has become an important means both to preserve oral traditions and to empower the meaning of Akeu identity. However, their developing appreciation of literacy furthers their integration into the nation state and Western-oriented urban cultures.
This article is based on my doctoral dissertation (Mähönen 2011) on the role of personal contact experiences and perceived social norms in the outgroup attitude formation of youth. As research on qualitatively different forms of outgroup attitudes improves our opportunities to predict intergroup behaviour and improve intergroup relations, the predictors of both explicit (i.e. deliberate, consciously controlled) and implicit (i.e. spontaneous, automatically activated) outgroup attitudes of youth were addressed. In the study, the outgroup attitudes and their predictors of 14-17 year old Finnish majority youth and Russian-speaking minority youth living in Finland were examined. In the article, I discuss the Finnish attitude climate, present the main findings and contributions of the study, and offer some research ethical considerations related to the studying of ethnic intergroup relations among youth..
History, memory and migration : perceptions of the past and the politics of incorporation
Development Research for Cramo Plc Annual Report to Meet the Requirements of IR Communications
The ethnic compositon of leading Kenyan government positions
Groups : theory and experience
Social influence and power in two-person groups
Multicultural Australia : the Australian experience
Challenging boundaries : global flows, territorial identities
One of the emerging practices in leadership is the shared leadership. It was developed due to autonomy and self-direction which was required to steer team to a performance driven direction. Teams, as they are known, is a group of people working for a common goals and objectives, of which students are also included, Therefore, this research examine shared leadership in the context of students precisely International business degree students. The objective of this research was basically meant to examine the shared leadership in and its impact on the performance based on the context of the students under investigation.  Findings from this research evaluate the areas in which the students effectively practice shared leadership and provide suggestions and pathway for improvement in team activities within student's teams.
Informal roles within eSport teams : a content analysis of the game 'Counter-Strike: Global Offensive
Incentive Tourism for international customers in Eastern Uusimaa
Triple border regions in Central Europe : the case of Hungary and its neighbours
Problem-solving and decision making
Taster session. 3, Problems within groups : a resource pack for a 3-hour taster session
When teams collide : managing the international team successfully
Effective multicultural teams : theory and practice
Social groups and identities : developing the legacy of Henri Tajfel
Impact of sharing leadership on team performance in self-managed student teams
"Why do people make decisions based on their own perspective without considering alternative points of view? Do differences of opinion enhance or obstruct critical thinking? Is it wise to seek out people who disagree with you and listen to their objections to your conclusions? Focusing on the theory, research, and application of constructive controversy, this book analyses the nature of disagreement among members of decision-making groups, project teams, academic study groups, and other groups that are involved in solving problems. Johnson demonstrates that this theory is one of the most effective methods of enhancing creativity and innovation, decision making, teaching, and political discourse. The book includes entertaining and intriguing examples of how constructive controversy has been used in a variety of historical periods to advance creativity, achieve innovations, and guide democracies. It will be welcomed by students in the fields of social psychology, management/business studies, education, and communication studies"--
The North Caucasus : Russia's long struggle to subdue the Circassians
Working with groups
The lost Swedish tribe : reapproaching the history of Gammalsvenskby in Ukraine
Charmed and dangerous : the rise of the Pretty Committee : the Clique prequel
EMTEL II research (European media technology and everyday life network) : diasporic minorities and their media in the EU : a mapping
Key challenges of new and small virtual team
WEIGHT LOSS IN A GROUP : A case study in Kokkola
The girls
The social psychology of stereotyping and group life
Do not say we have nothing
The Limits of Liberal Multiculturalism provides a timely analysis of some of the weaknesses, as well as the successes, of the liberal multicultural project. It also takes a step forward by developing a pluralist, individual-centred approach to allocating minority rights in practice.
Learning to work in groups : a practical guide for members and trainers
Enumeration of finite groups
Identities and integration in the context of ethnic migration : a longitudinal, multi-pronged approach to studying Ingrian-Finnish migrants
Empathy and intercultural understanding in the context of international long-term volunteers
The reality of social groups
The we-mode and the I-mode
Groupwork practice for social workers
The economics and politics of race : an international perspective
Two-dimensional man : an essay on the anthropology of power and symbolism in complex society
Completely updated,Counseling the Culturally Diverse: Theory and Practice, Sixth Edition is the most widely used and critically acclaimed text on multicultural counseling, offering students and professionals essential and thought-provoking material on the theory, research, and practice of multicultural counseling. The new edition presents the newest research in the field of multicultural counseling, as well as an expanded section on microaggressions. With its unique conceptual framework for multicultural therapy, this book remains the best source of real-world counseling preparation for students and the most enlightened, influential guide for professionals.
Arabic Script among China's Muslims: A Dongxiang folk story
Characteristics of Finnish medical and engineering research group work
Of interest in their own terms as a significant cultural practice, reading groups also provide a window on the everyday interpretation of literary texts. While reading is often considered a solitary process, reading groups constitute a form of social reading, where interpretations are produced and displayed in discourse. The Discourse of Reading Groups is a study of such joint conceptual activity, and how this is necessarily embedded in interpersonal activity and the production of reader identities. Uniquely in this context it draws on, and seeks to integrate, ideas from both cognitive and social linguistics. The book will be of interest to scholars in literacy studies as well as cultural and literary studies, the history of reading, applied linguistics and sociolinguistics, digital technologies and educational research.
QR code as a channel tool : Value of the codes in information sharing
E-commerce strategies of group buying websites : case study: Groupon Inc.
"The book is important as it is one of the very few that touches the topic of team coaching, and that deals with group coaching and change"--
Inequality and identity : causes of war?
Human dignity in the learning environment : testing a sociological paradigm for a diversity-positive milieu with school starters
Ethnicity as otherness in visual representations : an approach to a critical discursive methodology
This edited collection is intended as a primer for core concepts and principles in research ethics and as an in-depth exploration of the contextualization of these principles in practice across key disciplines. The material is nested so that readers can engage with it at different levels and depths. It is unique in that it combines an analysis of complex ethical debates about the nature of research and its governance with the best of case-based and discipline-specific approaches. It deals with the following topics in depth: in the natural sciences, it explores the scientific integrity of the researcher and the research process, human cloning as a test case for the limits to research, and the emerging ethical issues in nanotechnology; in the health sciences, it takes up the question of consent, assent and proxies, research with vulnerable groups and the ethics of clinical trials; in the social sciences, it explores the issues that arise in qualitative research, interviews and ethnography; and in the humanities, it examines contested archaeologies and research in divided societies. Overview of Research Ethics Principles Full text papers from experienced researchers across many disciplines Dialogue with ethicists.
The native races of Africa and Madagascar : a copious selection of passages for the study of social anthropology from the manuscript notebooks of Sir James George Frazer
Open space technology : a user's guide
Reference groups : exploration into conformity and deviation of adolescents
Manual : proposals for easy school transitions in Lapland
Everyone's a coach : Five business secrets for high-performance coaching
Multiple media in group work : emphasising individual users in distributed and real-time CSCW systems
Ethnicity in the informal networks of older sunbelt migrants : a case study of the Finns in Florida
Communal functions of social comparison
Diasporic relations and social exclusion : the case of Kurdish refugees in Finland
Mapping dialogue : essential tools for social change
Ethnic groups in the Republic of Turkey
Ethnicity and democratisation in Africa : challenges for politics and development
Essentials of organizational behavior
This Discussion Paper explores the challenges that ethnicity poses for democratisation and development in Africa. It provides an overview of the literature on ethnicity and democratisation and an analysis of the trends on the continent since the end of the Cold War. In this regard, it critically examines perspectives on the impact of ethnicity on democracy and analyses the ethnicity-citizenship nexus in the context of the national democratic question in Africa. This provides the basis for the analysis of emerging challenges facing Africa and the way forward. The paper provides additional insights into the ongoing debates about democracy and the nation-state question in Africa and is of interest to scholars, practitioners and the general reader.
Ethnic cleansing
Bratfest at Tiffany's : a clique novel
The discourse of reading groups : integrating cognitive and sociocultural perspectives
Taster session. 2, How groups work : a resource pack for a 3-hour taster session
Persons-in-groups : a humanistic social psychology
The five dysfunctions of a team : a leadership fable
Conflict of national identity in Sudan
""NO! NO! NO! NO!" yelled one artist to another as he viewed what the other had painted during the day. "You do not understand! This is not what we are trying to do!" "It is you who do not understand!" the other replied. "This is what we talked about this morning!" "This is exactly what we are trying to achieve!" Such heated discussions were common between two of the greatest painters of the early 20th Century. They had an intense creative collaboration filled with conflict. They dressed alike, in mechanics' clothes, and jokingly compared themselves to the Wright brothers (Orville and Wilbur). From about 1908 to 1912, they saw each other almost every day, talked constantly about the revolutionary new style they were developing, and painted as similarly as possible. Many of their respective works from those years were indistinguishable. In many cases, only art experts could or can distinguish between a painting by one or the other. They were deeply committed to their goal of creating a new style. Usually, they would meet for breakfast to discuss what they planned to paint during the d"--
Intergroup behaviour
Youth and youth groups
Constructive controversy : theory, research, practice
