http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11265 clubs (commercial)
clubs (commercial)
Nightwork : sexuality, pleasure, and corporate masculinity in a Tokyo hostess club
Guerrilla marketing : case Danafitness
Decca Studios and Klooks Kleek : West Hampstead's musical heritage remembered
Punk rock & trailer parks
Fostering learning and leadership : organizational change in Haaga Future Leaders Club
Discovering hospitality and tourism : the world's greatest industry
Genshiken : Second season. 1
Live! : the Radiomafia tapes
Rock of ages
Club cuisine : cooking with a master chef
All access : your backstage pass to concert photography
Night fever : interior design for bars and clubs
Alive at the Village Vanguard : my life in and out of jazz time
The club
Relocations : queer suburban imaginaries
The modern age : turn-of-the-century American culture and the invention of adolescence
Start your own bar and club : sports bars, nightclubs, neighborhood bars, wine bars and more!
Microelectronics and society for better or for worse : a report to the Club of Rome
No limits to learning : bridging the human gap : a report to the Club of Rome
Reach out : photos from the Helsinki punk/hc underground 2008-2012
The pub, club & grub guide to Washington, D. C.
Genshiken : Second season. 2
Peppermint twist : The Mob, the music, and the most famous dance club of the '60s
Lovers at the Chameleon Club, Paris 1932 : a novel
Bar excellence : designs for pubs & clubs
Unelma Club development process : development and implementation of the Unelma Club operation plan
Queering the gallery : in search of counter-normative curatorial strategies
Chicago blues : portraits and stories
Puusta veistetty kiila : Yalen yliopiston soutuklubi : = The new Gilder Boathouse of Yale University, New Haven, Conneticut
80s fashion : from club to catwalk
Haaga Future Leaders Club is an optional addition to student's curriculum in Haaga. Its fundamental purpose is to facilitate the learning of its members. HFLC's main activities are project assignments from the industry, representation in competitions and events as well as supportive functions such as coaching and mentoring. Haaga Future Leaders Club was formed in December 2009 and the first meeting was held on January 15, 2010. First year of operations revealed challenges which were interpreted as deriving from the lack of organizational structures which resulted in poor organizational culture and perceived lowered motivation of the members. Despite the challenges, the pilot was seen successful and interpreted as being in need for further studying. The primary object of the thesis is to organize a workshop to collect material for a Member's guide leaflet. The Member's guide to be used as a facilitator for Haaga Future Leaders Club's operations and to clarify its identity and start building the self-directed organizational structure. The thesis is project-oriented with two interdependent products: 1) Workshop, where the material for the Member's guide is created, and the 2) Member's guide itself. The workshop stands as a starting point for the change process in Haaga Future Leaders Club, which is expected to lead to imcreased self-direction and subsequently to continuity and the development of the group. The theoretic background is based on a combination of learning and leadership. Two main theories are transformative learning and transformational leadership. The thesis was completed during the spring 2011. The goal of the thesis was reached as the workshop provided material for Haaga Future Leaders Club - Member's guide and started the change process. The outcome of the change process is to be evaluated in future. Did the thesis influence the organizational culture and practices of Haaga Future Leaders Club?
Electronica, dance and club music
Chronicles five epochal years of music in the Big Apple against a backdrop of the high crime and low rents of the mid-1970s, tracing the formations of key sounds while evaluating the contributions of influential artists.
London clubland : a cultural history of gender and class in late Victorian Britain
Choices for recovery : community-based rehabilitation and the Clubhouse model as means to mental health reforms
New bar and club design : a century of surface design
Impossible dance : club culture and queer world-making
Love goes to buildings on fire : five years in New York that changed music for ever
Eighteenth century clubs
The clubhouse model : empowering applications of theory to generalist practice
Barcelona club flyers
The Girls at the Kingfisher Club : a novel
Living dead in Dallas
Genshiken : Second season. 3
So you want to become a promoter at a nightclub, but no one will help you get started? Nightclub promoters and producers are a very secretive bunch. If you are looking for a get rich quick scheme, this book is not for you. If you are ready to roll up your sleves and do a little work then this book will show you how to produce and promote your first event. Two years ago Anthony wrote one of the most sought after articles on the Internet: "How to Promote a Band of Club in Your Town". The article has helped thousands of promoters get their foot in the door. This book will give you the basics you need to produce and promote a show in your town, starting part-time, using the same methods as major club promoters across the country.
Clubland confidential : The fabulous rise and murderous fall of club culture
Beyond the age of waste : a report to the Club of Rome
Club cultures : music, media and subcultural capital
One hundred pages for the future : reflections of the president of the Club of Rome
The Jazz Palace : a novel
Dance! : best of club design
Twelve years of Futuuri-club - the participants' motives and experiences
The last party : Studio 54, disco, and the culture of the night
Pubs, bars & clubs handbook : advice & ideas for running a successful licensed business
After subculture : critical studies in contemporary youth culture
Enterprising women : television fandom and the creation of popular myth
Electrochoc
Fly by night : the new art of the club flyer
Remixing experience : research into remixing experiences through design
New bar and club design
Judith Rashleigh works as an assistant in a prestigious London auction house, but her dreams of breaking into the art world have been gradually dulled by the blunt forces of snobbery and corruption. To make ends meet she moonlights as a hostess in one of the West End's less salubrious bars - although her work there pales against her activities on nights off.  When Judith stumbles across a conspiracy at her auction house, she is fired before she can expose the fraud. In desperation, she accepts an offer from one of the bar's clients to accompany him to the French Riviera. But when an ill-advised attempt to slip him sedatives has momentous consequences, Judith finds herself fleeing for her life.  Now alone and in danger, all Judith has to rely on is her consummate ability to fake it amongst the rich and famous - and the inside track on the hugely lucrative art fraud that triggered her dismissal.  Set in the exotic palaces and yachts of Europe's seriously wealthy.
Harlem in Montmartre : a Paris jazz story between the great wars
The collectors
Contemporary club management
The Kit-Cat Club : friends who imagined a nation
Fostering Learning and Leadership : Organizational Change in Haaga Future Leaders Club
Accounting for club operations
Measuring the sportscape of a Finnish hockey stadium
Beneath the neon egg
WHAT ABOUT JAZZ IN FINLAND?
Popular music : topics, trends & trajectories
New interior design in Hong Kong : hotels, clubs, restaurants - plus outstanding overseas projects
Chillout spaces
How to become a nightclub promoter
Love goes to buildings on fire : five years in New York that changed music forever
Customer relationship marketing in night club branch : case: organising an event in night club
America : a novel
The first global revolution : a report by the Council of the Club of Rome
The Project-Based Thesis is aimed at writing a Business plan for a Bar and Nightclub called Kannelklubi.  The thesis was written in three parts. First, theoretical framework was gathered from various sources in order to understand how a successful, working Business Plan should be written. The elements of the Business Plan were studied in detail and used in the writing of actual business plan. Second part discussed the process of the business plan as well as the evaluation of the product. The third part is the actual business plan. The main idea to write the thesis was to prepare the writer for starting a business of his own. It was necessary to understand the various steps required to do so. The thesis was seen as a means to test the success of the business. In the beginning, the writer was not much concerned to attract financiers. Later, it was thought that this was a good opportunity to do so if other partners backed off from the project. The Business Plan was written, keeping in mind the real-life figures. The writer did succeed in writing a working Business Plan and realizing it with some modifications. Kannelklubi opened during the final stages of writing the Business Plan and is still in operation. In the thesis, Kannelklubi is evaluated to help new entrepreneurs understand the importance of a well drafted Business Plan.
"In this first academic history of the famed gentlemen's clubs of London, Amy Milne-Smith reveals these institutions at the height of their power and influence at the turn of the twentieth century, paying special attention to how clubmen defined masculinity and status for their generation. Based on extensive research in club archives along with newspapers, journals, diaries and memoirs, Milne-Smith takes us behind the majestic doors of these most exclusive clubs. Readers will find London Clubland not only an engaging account of clubs, but also a story of troubled marriage, contested urban space, shifting boundaries of class, and a robust masculine culture in decline"--Provided by publisher.
Rock in the reservation : songs from the Leningrad Rock Club 1981-86
Blue Chicago : the search for authenticity in urban blues clubs
Mankind at the turning point : the second report to the Club of Rome
Hell's corner
The Haçienda : how not to run a club
The Camel Club
