http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11262 workplace culture
workplace culture
Findings on organizational culture differences from a Finnish point of view in Andalusia, Spain
Sexualities, work, and organizations : stories by gay men and women in the workplace at the beginning of the 21st century
The Development of Intercultural Relationships at Work: Polish Migrant Workers in Finland
Organization development : a practitioner's guide for OD and HR
Diversity management
"In Russia, we had it differently" : experiences among Russian-speaking employees of interaction in Finnish workplaces
The no asshole rule : building a civilised workplace and surviving one that isn't
Diversity incorporated : managing people for success in a diverse world
Organizational behaviour
Why should anyone work here? : what it takes to create an authentic organization
Designing for designers : the case Datafisher : customized design toolkit to support digital learning design processes
Gender, identity and the culture of organizations
The work/organisation culture of a business to business service provider : the insights of team A versus team B
The modern family business : relationships, succession and transition
Creating sustainable work systems : emerging perspectives and practice
Authenticity and the cultural politics of work : new forms of informal control
Diversity in coaching : working with gender, culture, race and age
Cooperation and participation at Finnish workplaces : a literature based report
The comparison of Finnish and Russian organisational culture and work habits
Creating the healthy organization : well-being, diversity and ethics at work
The role of ethical organizational culture in preventing sickness absence and turnover in organizations
"It used to be that businesses could ask individuals to conform to the organization's needs. But now leaders are charged with creating the best company on earth to work for: they must transform their organizations to attract the right people, keep them, and inspire them to do their best work. In Why Should Anyone Work Here? Rob Goffee and Gareth Jones identify the six key organizational attributes to do just that. In separate chapters, they delve deeply into each one: 1. Let people be themselves 2. Practice radical honesty 3. Magnify people's strengths 4. Stand for authenticity (more than shareholder value) 5. Make work meaningful 6. Make simple rules With vivid stories and examples, the authors illustrate the kind of strong, attractive workplace culture that leads to sustained high performance. They also provide ways of assessing how your company is doing, and describe the tensions and trade-offs that leaders must manage as they transform their organizations. Why Should Anyone Work Here? is the question all contemporary organizational leaders must constantly ask themselves if they want to survive and thrive in the new world. This is the book that will help them answer that question"--
The other at the workplace : power and language in a multicultural workplace
Creating the multicultural organization : a strategy for capturing the power of diversity
International handbook on diversity management at work : country perspectives on diversity and equal treatment
This Bachelor's thesis is a product type study commissioned by New Sun Gate Motel. The motel is located in Lake Worth, Florida. The objective is to create an Orientation Manual for trainees and new employees. The theoretical framework discusses tourism business in Florida, job orientation, dif-ferent kinds of learning styles and cultural research. The empirical part contains intro-duction of tasks, project plan and implementation. In addition, the results and evalua-tion have been considered in the empirical part. The theoretical framework serves as a basis for producing an effective and clear Orien-tation Manual. The material improves learning and adapting to a new job and working culture. The study resulted an Orientation Manual for New Sun Gate Motel. The Orientation Manual contains all the information a new trainee/employee needs in order to cope individually. In addition, the operating area of the company is introduced. Lake Worth, Florida and the motel are introduced in the Orientation Manual, followed by a presentation of tasks by means of pictures to clarify the instructions. In addition, the folder includes a checklist for job orientation. The list is used to support the tutor.
Eurooppalainen interkulttuurinen työpaikka: Suomi = The European intercultural workplace: Finland
Recruiting, retaining and promoting culturally different employees
Dealing with diversity
Organizational culture and identity : unity and division at work
Food for work
Understanding organizational culture
Crisis communication : practical PR strategies for reputation management and company survival
Tempered radicals : how people use difference to inspire change at work
Abstract: Diversity and narrative : discursive approaches to organizational reality.
Polish your people skills
Applying for a job in Lapland : international student ́s guide /.
Business etiquette : for the new workplace
Communicating across cultures at work
Transforming workplace cultures : insights from Great Place to Work Institute's first 25 years
The drama-free office : a guide to healthy collaboration with your team, coworkers, and boss
Selected readings in Finnish.
Diversity success strategies
Diversity at work : the practice of inclusion
Bad apples : identify, prevent & manage negative behaviour at work
Workplace culture in primary health care : the connection to nursing-sensitive outcomes
Beyond bullsh*t : straight-talk at work
How people evaluate others in organizations
How cultures interact in an international merger
Virtues that work : ethical organisational culture as a context for occupational well-being and personal work goals
The new pioneers : the men and women who are transforming the workplace and marketplace
Mindful work : how meditation is changing business from the inside out
Collaborate : the art of we
Job Satisfaction of Foreign White-Collar Employees Working in Finland
The lost leaders : how corporate America loses women leaders
Processing puppies : an animal shelter ethnography
Workplace discourse
The new corporate cultures : revitalizing the workplace after downsizing, mergers, and reengineering
Impact of ethnicity on employment in Australia
Communicating in the workplace
Smart flexibility : moving smart and flexible working from theory to practice
Managerial approach to human resources management and employee motivation in a Finnish owned enterprise in China : case study : Harvia Oy, Oy Checkmark Ltd
The way we rock
Women in the workplace in three types of societies
Diversity at work
Working with cultural differences : dealing effectively with diversity in the workplace
Work identity at the end of the line? : privatisation and culture change in the UK rail industry
Developing a learning culture : empowering people to deliver quality, innovation and long-term success
Design in silence : an exploratory case study of deaf designer in China
Organizational communication : perspectives and trends
Examines intercultural communication in the workplace. Firmly grounded in theory, it offers practical suggestions on how people can develop cultural awareness and communication skills to enable greater understanding and appreciation of those from different backgrounds. Fully updated with the latest research.
Attitudes, assumptions, and behaviors in managers' talk : What types of conflict cultures do they foster?
"Organization Development is concerned with using planned and systematic approaches to help develop more effective organizations. This is done by taking an objective look at how an organization is operating, gathering information and then deciding on the most appropriate action to help that organization change and develop. Written by two of the leading experts in the field, Organization Development defines OD and describes how it can be used effectively in today's economy to create organizations which maximise organizational capability. The authors provide practical advice on using diagnostics techniques to identify an organization's needs and explain how to use them across a range of areas including change, culture and organization design. Bridging the gap between theory and practice, Organization Development provides a wealth of helpful advice for OD practitioners, HR professionals and those with an interest in helping develop their organization"--
Cross-cultural management in work organisations / Ray French
Working relationships : spirituality in human service and organisational life
The global M & A tango : how to reconcile cultural differences in mergers, acquisitions and strategic partnerships
Creating healthy organizations : how vibrant workplaces inspire employees to achieve sustainable success
Gender, Identity and the Culture of Organizations
Economic and behaviorist effects of payment by results and company characteristics : a study of white collar employees
The psychology of humor at work
Organisational culture for information managers
Summary: Follow the yellow.
International perspectives on organizational behavior and human resource management
Doing intersectional identity work : social categories, inequalities, and silences
Addressing cultural issues in organizations : beyond the corporate context
Third party in workplace conflicts : the mediator's conflict management and intercultural competences
Day job : a workplace reader for the restless age
"Organization development is the systematic method of taking an objective look at how an organization is operating and gathering information, and then deciding on the most appropriate action to help that organization develop and improve. Written by two leading experts in the field, this updated second edition of Organization Development includes new coverage of complexity and chaos theory, new case studies describing OD practices and attitudes in countries outside of the U.S. and U.K., and new chapters on change and culture and employee engagement and wellbeing. The authors have also re-structured the book's format, creating greater cross-referencing between the HR and OD sections and an added emphasis on the collaborations between OD and HR functions. "--
Managing and developing diversity is on the political and business agenda in many countries; therefore diversity management has become an area of knowledge and practice in its own right. Yet all too often it is referred to as a unifying concept, as if it were to be interpreted uniformly across all cultures and countries. The contributors to this volume expertly examine the relationship between diversity management and equality legislation within the different participating countries’ national contexts. They advocate that such separation and sequencing between equality at work and diversity management is far from natural. This Handbook will be greatly appreciated by scholars who wish to better contextualize their research and will also provide policy-makers with benchmark data regarding equal treatment and diversity as understood in other countries.
Thank God it's Monday! : how to create a workplace you and your customers love
Orientation manual for New Sun Gate Motel
The story of managing projects : an interdisciplinary approach
Seeking directions : training industry trainers in a multilingual workforce
Cross-cultural management in work organisations
Conflict and diversity
Misbehavior in organizations : theory, research, and management
Trans-cultural leadership for transformation
Essentials of organizational behavior
Innovativeness in Finnish workplaces : renewing working life to bring Finland to bloom
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
The quest for well-being in growth industries : contexts, research design and methodological development
Reframing the leadership landscape : creating a culture of collaboration
In Reframing the Leadership Landscape, Dr Roger Hayes and Dr Reginald Watts argue that the interconnected and interdependent world requires leaders to adopt a more holistic and inclusive approach.The NEW normal must be navigated, negotiated, networked and a narrative built around it. Aggressive individualism is no longer a sustainable basis for companies needing to deliver social and economic value, now, enterprises must move beyond narrow self-interest and short-termism to balance stakeholder expectations.The tool kit is here, ready to be unpacked. The only question is whether aspirant leader.
The no asshole rule : building a civilized workplace and surviving one that isn't
The tools of leadership : vision, inspiration, momentum
The corporate culture survival guide : sense and nonsense about culture change
