http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1128 polygamy
polygamy
Muslim women online : faith and identity in virtual space
A Thousand Splendid Suns
The cultural definition of political response : lineal destiny among the Luo
Beyond monogamy : polyamory and the future of polyqueer sexualities
An investigation of the phenomenon of polygyny in rural Egypt
Continuity and change in African cultures
Armchair guide to the Middle East. Vol. 3, Women in islam
Love times three : our true story of a polygamous marriage
Summary.
Polyamory in the twenty-first century : love and intimacy with multiple partners
The joys of motherhood
The lonely polygamist : a novel
Must we introduce monogamy? : a study of polygamy as a mission problem in South Africa
Transition in the perception of cultural practices through modernization : the acceptance of polygyny among njijikoms of Southern Cameroon
A study of polyandry
Contesting justice : women, Islam, law, and society
More wives than one : transformation of the Mormon marriage system, 1840-1910
The wonder lover
The ethical slut : a practical guide to polyamory, open relationships & other adventures
Kinship organisations and group marriage in Australia
Abstract.
The state of affairs : explorations in infidelity and commitment
Triumph : life after the cult : a survivor's lessons
Women of principle : female networking in contemporary mormon polygyny
The Family in Flux in Southeast Asia fills a gap in studies of the modern family. With much talk about the "family in crisis" in the industrialized world, new trends are affecting basic family structures in Southeast Asia as well: decreases in fertility rates, aging populations, a rise in divorce rates, increase in female‐headed households, smaller families with a heavier burden on caregivers, and increasing mobility due to labor migration. While there has been abundant research on the historical evolution of the “family” in the West and much theorizing about the "family" in the industrialized world, accounts of the family in Southeast Asia are uneven, and understanding is still inadequate.This volume, with contributions from leading scholars from Southeast Asia and Japan, covers a wide range of topics, such as legal institutionalization, polygamy, national identity, nationalism and ideology, gender roles, migration, and trans‐national marriage. The disciplinary backgrounds of the authors range across history, political science, economics, sociology, literary studies, and anthropology. The authors present cases of complementary, alternative, or parallel developments from Cambodia, Indonesia, Malaysia, Myanmar, Philippines, Taiwan, Thailand, and Vietnam. They provide a critical look at how notions of the family are negotiated amidst worries over the family's disintegration in the face of globalizing trends and increasing mobility, and how it is affected by increasing flows in the globalizing world. -- Publisher's description.
John Milton among the polygamophiles
Understanding non-monogamies
Sex and age as principles of social differentiation
This book offers an in-depth study of the female experience in one Mormon polygynous community, the Apostolic United Brethren. Women in such rigid, patriarchal religious groups are commonly portrayed as the oppressed, powerless victims of male domination. Janet Bennion shows, however, that the reality is far more complex. Many women converts are attracted to this group, and they are much more likely than male converts to remain there. Often these women are seeking improved socio-economic status for themselves and their children, as well as an escape from their marginalized status in the mainstream Mormon church. In the polygynous group women experience rapid assimilation, autonomy, and upward mobility. Bennion supports her study with narratives from the lives of women now living in the group--narratives that clearly reveal why many mainstream Mormon women are viewing polygyny as a viable alternative to the difficulties to single-motherhood, "spinsterhood," poverty, and emotional deprivation.
Women, Islam and everyday life : renegotiating polygamy in Indonesia
A foreign kingdom : Mormons and polygamy in American political culture, 1852-1890
Polygamous families in contemporary society
Polygyny : a cross-cultural study
The dynamics of polyandry : kinship, domesticity, and population on the Tibetan border
Reading difference : polygyny in works by Ama Ata Aidoo, Buchi Emecheta, Flora Nwapa
A thousand splendid suns
Poverty, health and reproduction in early colonial Uganda
Marriage and divorce in Islamic South-East Asia
Modern polygamy in the United States : historical, cultural, and legal issues
Explores "the Mormon question," the division between public/private spheres, and the ways that plural marriage was received by the American public. The author argues that the conflict over plural marriage was as much about conceptions of "Americanness" as it was about the practice of plural marriage itself.
Treasures of the island : children in alternative families
Breaking the barriers to desire : polyamory, polyfidelity and non-monogamy : new approaches to multiple relationships
The chosen one
Polyamory : the new love without limits : secrets of sustainable intimate relationships
Scarlet letters : fictions of adultery from antiquity to the 1990s
Obligations, loyalties, conflicts : highly educated women and family life in Nairobi, Kenya
The Bible and polygamy : a study of Hebrew and Christian teaching
Explorations in anthropology and theology
Lila Abu-Lughod draws on anthropological and feminist insights to construct a critical ethnography of a small Awlad 'Ali Bedouin community in Egypt. She explores how the telling of stories of everyday life challenges the power of anthropological theory to render adequately the lives of others and the way feminist theory appropriates Third World women.
Marriage
The 19th wife
Literature as an educational tool for enhancing emancipatory learning : a literary analysis of the Mozambican writer Paulina Chiziane's novel Niketche
While issues surrounding Muslim women are common in the international media, the voices of Muslim women themselves are largely absent from media coverage and despite the rapidly increasing presence of Muslim women in online groups and discussions, it is still a relatively unexplored topic.This book examines Muslim women in transnational online groups, and their views on education, culture, marriage, sexuality, work, dress-code, race, class and sisterhood. Looking at both egalitarian and traditionalist Muslim women's views, the author considers their interpretations of Islam and identifies a new category of holists who focus on developing the Islamic sisterhood. Drawing on detailed analysis of online transcripts, she highlights women's rhetorical techniques and the thorough knowledge of Islamic sources which they use to justify their points in online discussions. She details how in the online context, as opposed to offline interactions, Muslim women are much more willing to cross boundaries between traditionalist and egalitarian interpretations of Islam and women's Islamic rights and responsibilities and to develop collaborative interpretations with supporters of different views.
Writing women's worlds : Bedouin stories
Stolen innocence : my story of growing up in a polygamous sect, becoming a teenage bride, and breaking free
The human rights of women : international instruments and African experiences
School performance of children from monogamous and polygamous families in Nigeria
"A practical guide to practicing polyamory and open relationships in ways that are ethically and emotionally sustainable"--Provided by publisher.
The family in flux in Southeast Asia : institution, ideology, practice
