http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11227 municipal budgets
municipal budgets
Budgeting decision-making in Finnish municipalities
Country profile : Hungary 1992
This edited collection addresses some of the most important challenges in contemporary human rights law and practice. Its central theme is the linkage between public finance, particularly budget decisions, and the realisation (or not) of economic and social rights. While much academic and political debate on economic and social rights implementation has focused on the role of the courts, this work places the spotlight squarely on those organs of government that have the primary responsibility and the greatest capacity for giving effect to such rights: namely, the elected branches of government. The major actors considered in this book are politicians, public servants and civil society, with their role in realising economic and social rights the work's key focus. The book thus makes a crucial contribution to remedying the current imbalance in attention paid by economic and social rights scholars to the legislature and executive vis-a-vis the judiciary. Featuring pioneering work by leading experts in the field of human rights and public finance, this multidisciplinary collection will be of great interest to academics, practitioners, public servants and students working in the areas of law, human rights, economics, development and political science. --Publisher's description.
Proceedings of the international conference on climatic impacts on the environment and society (CIES), University of Tsukuba, Ibaraki, Japan, January 27 - February 1, 1991.
Local public finance in Europe : balancing the budget and controlling debt
Congressional practice and procedure : a reference, research, and legislative guide
United Nations handbook : an annual guide for those working with and within the United Nations. 2005/2006
The cost of fetal alcohol spectrum disorder
Establishing an association : case: HELGAlumni ry
The Oxford handbook of legislative studies
Human rights and public finance : budgets and the promotion of economic and social rights
Congress A to Z : CQ's ready reference encyclopedia
Legislatures are political bodies essential to democracy and the rule of law. They present social scientists with numerous intriguing puzzles, with far-reaching implications for our understanding of political institutions. Why, and how, have these ancient assemblies, established in pre-democratic times, survived the transition ...
Global civil society : dimensions of the nonprofit sector
The European Parliament
Elite, power and budget : A study of the behaviour and power-conceptions of the budget-elite in big Finnish cities
The politics of public budgeting : getting and spending, borrowing and balancing
The European parliament
Griffith & Ryle on Parliament : functions, practices and procedures
The role of parliamentary services in processing the state budget : the proceedings of the International Conference on the Role of Parliamentary Services in Processing the State Budget, Przegolzaly/Cracow, June 23-25, 1997
