http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11299 swearing (profanity)
swearing (profanity) cursing
Although the act of swearing, or cursing, has today been reduced to the four-letter interjection and unimaginative put-down, this has not always been the case. Elegant, sublime oaths and vicious imprecations mark the history of human conduct and language. Shedding light on the forbidden, misunderstood, and clandestinely pursued forms of interpersonal communication, The Anatomy of Swearing uniquely documents the history of taboo words and phrases. It presents the curious inquirer with a summary of what the best minds and most accomplished practitioners of the art have said and done inventively in the form of indiscrete, insulting, spiteful, or otherwise objectionable speech. Swearing is one of the most cathartic and common modes of language. Montagu examines the genre in all its aspects--its origins, philosophy, and psychology--as well as its evolution and differing manifestations in various ages and cultures. Montagu demonstrates that the human race, regardless of time and culture, has always used invective to lighten its burden. The Anatomy of Swearing traces this phenomenon from the ancient Egyptians, Hebrews, and Babylonians through Elizabethan England to the middle class of contemporary America.
Why we curse : a neuro-psycho-social theory of speech
The seven words you can't say on television
Swearing : a cross-cultural linguistic study
The anatomy of swearing
Talking dirty : slang, expletives, and curses from around the world
Translating swearwords in Finnish subtitles
Forbidden words : taboo and the censoring of language
Gender differences in the fictional use of swearwords : using Erica Jong's Fear of Flying and Philip Roth's Portnoy's Complaint as examples
Oaths, vows and promises in the first part of the French prose Lancelot romance
SEVEN WORDS YOU CANT SA ;Y ON TELEVISION
The cursing hedgehog
The stuff of thought : language as a window into human nature
Bad language : are some words better than others?
Forbidden American English : a serious compilation of taboo American English
Black sheep : the hidden benefits of being bad
Who's swearing now? : the social aspects of conversational swearing
Swearing in one form or another seems to be an important and readily accessible part of many of the world's languages. This study offers a definition of swearing shown to be applicable to a number of languages which differ both in terms of linguistic make-up and with regard to the religion and culture characterizing its speakers. Magnus Ljung highlights the differences and similarities in the swearing of more than twenty languages and relates them to aspects of current linguistic and pragmatic theory.
Uglier than a monkey's armpit
Swearing : a social history of foul language, oaths and profanity in English
The big book of national insults
Pardon my German! : pocket German slang dictionary : English-German, German-English
Holy shit : a brief history of swearing
"No fucking street cred!" : Neutralising of expletives and sociolects in the English subtitles of the Finnish film Tyttö sinä olet tähti
Wordsworth Dictionary of Obscenity & Taboo
Swearing in the Nordic Countries
Emotions in multiple languages
The translation of offensive language in the DVD subtitles of Generation Kill
Situational code-switching and swearing in Irvine Welsh's novel Trainspotting
Wicked words : a treasury of curses, insults, put-downs, and other formerly unprintable terms from Anglo-Saxon times to the present
The ethics of obscene speech in early Christianity and its environment by
Cursing in America : a psycholinguistic study of dirty language in the courts, in the movies, in the schoolyards and on the streets
Worst. Person. Ever
NTC's super-mini forbidden American English
Dictionary of Russian obscenities = Slovar' necenzurnyh slov
Thundering typhoons! : Captain Haddock's language and character
An encyclopedia of swearing : the social history of oaths, profanity, foul language, and ethnic slurs in the English-speaking world
What the heck are you on about? : Swear words and audiovisual translation
In December 2012, the Danish Language Council hosted a symposium on linguistic approaches to swearing in the Nordic countries. The contributions from the speakers on various aspects of the history and use of Norwegian, Swedish, Finnish, Lithuanian and Danish swearwords have been collected in this book. The book is edited by assistant professor at the University of Southern Denmark, Marianne Rathje, who is also a contributor to the book. Swearing in the Nordic Countries is written in English. It consists of nine articles, grouped in four themes: 1. Swearing and Age 2. Swearing in the Media 3. Swearing and Translation 4. Historical Swearing
"But why does he have to swear so much?" : the use of swearwords in Bill Hicks' stand-up comedy
Swearing in English : bad language, purity and power from 1586 to the present
Threat-formulae in ancient Egypt : a study of the history, structure, and use of threats and curses in ancient Egypt
Swearing is one of the most cathartic and common modes of language. Montagu examines the genre in all its aspects--its origins, philosophy, and psychology--as well as its evolution and differing manifestations in various ages and cultures. Montagu demonstrates that the human race, regardless of time and culture, has always used invective to lighten its burden. The Anatomy of Swearing traces this phenomenon from the ancient Egyptians, Hebrews, and Babylonians through Elizabethan England to the middle class of contemporary America.
Where have all the swearwords gone? : An analysis of the loss of swearwords in two Swedish translations of J. D. Salinger's Catcher in the Rye
Cursing and religiosity in Presbyterian college, South Carolina
