http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11280 working class
working class
Sixpence in her shoe
Working-class formation : nineteenth-century patterns in Western Europe and the United States
Troublemakers : power, representation, and the fiction of the mass worker
The beautiful and the damned : life in the New India
The working class and the contemporary world : papers presented at the International scientific conference, Moscow, October 8-10, 1986
De-industrialization : social, cultural, and political aspects
Housing the workers, 1850-1914 : a comparative perspective
Coming up short : working-class adulthood in an age of uncertainty
Conner Street's war
Restructuring and the new working classes in Chile : trends in waged employment, informality and poverty, 1973-1990
Hidden hands : working-class women and Victorian social-problem fiction
Class matters : 'working-class' women's perspectives on social class
Class acts : an anthropology of service workers and their union
Education policy, practice and the professional
Although public policy and social programs responding to the AIDS and hate crime epidemics of the past decades are supposed to be designed for the working-class gay man, in actuality they have been based more on socioeconomic bias, stereotype, and anecdote than on social science. What do these men actually want and need? How well do programs work for them? The answers are found in Working-Class Gay and Bisexual Men, the landmark international study that is among the first to empirically examine the lives, attitudes, needs, and concerns of this hidden population. Working-Class Gay and Bisexual Men reports on research conducted throughout the United States, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand using a broad-based sample of working-class men. Using ethnographic techniques, researchers systematically captured and analyzed the social themes of their lives. The impressively detailed and consistent results should compel policymakers to rethink their assumptions about working-class gay men.
International Influences in Finnish Working-Class Literature and Its Research
Useful toil : autobiographies of working people from the 1820s to the 1920s
Labours of the mind : labour in the culture of production
History and class consciousness : studies in Marxist dialectics
Vance, a former marine and Yale Law School graduate, provides an account of growing up in a poor Rust Belt town that offers a broader, probing look at the struggles of America's white working class. The decline of this group, a demographic of our country that has been slowly disintegrating over forty years, has been reported on with growing frequency and alarm. J. D. Vance tells the true story of what a social, regional, and class decline feels like when you were born with it hung around your neck. The Vance family story begins hopefully in postwar America. J. D.'s grandparents were "dirt poor and in love," and moved north from Kentucky's Appalachia region to Ohio in the hopes of escaping the dreadful poverty around them. They raised a middle-class family, and eventually their grandchild (the author) would graduate from Yale Law School, a conventional marker of their success in achieving generational upward mobility. But as the family saga of Hillbilly Elegy plays out, we learn that this is only the short, superficial version. Vance's grandparents, aunt, uncle, sister, and, most of all, his mother, struggled profoundly with the demands of their new middle-class life, and were never able to fully escape the legacy of abuse, alcoholism, poverty, and trauma so characteristic of their part of America.
King Labour : the British working class 1850-1914
The new working class
On the buses : the complete story
"A personal, narrative work of journalism and cultural analysis, The beautiful and the damned examines India's many contradictions through five individual perspectives."--Publisher's description.
Crossing the lines
Childhood transformed : working-class children in nineteenth-century England
A dream deferred : new studies in Russian and Soviet labour history
An everyday life of the English working class : work, self and sociability in the early nineteenth century
Worlds of labour : further studies in the history of labour
Love and theft : blackface minstrelsy and the American working class
White Trash : The 400-Year Untold History of Class in America
The Worker : Australiaś pioneer co-operative labor journal
Domestic labour relations in India : Vulnerability and gendered life courses in Jaipur
Marxism and institutional analysis : working class strength and welfare state development : the Swedish case
The dictatorship of the proletariat
Life at the bottom : the worldview that makes the underclass
The Book Thief & I Am the Messenger
Twentieth-century writing and the British working class
The militant worker : class and radicalism in France and America
The Soviet worker : illusions and realities
The novel and the American left : critical essays on Depression-era fiction
The working classes of Upper-Silesia
American working class history : a representative bibliography
With or without you : a memoir
Incendiary
America America
The virgin and the gipsy and other stories
A history of the Guyanese working people, 1881-1905
Halfpenny dreams
The riot
The affluent worker in the class structure
The gravedigger's daughter
Zones of proletarian development
Working-class gay and bisexual men
Russian workers : the anatomy of patience
Simon & the oaks
The affluent worker. [2], Political attitudes and behaviour
The working class majority : America's best kept secret
Un-American : W.E.B. Du Bois and the century of world revolution
How the other half ate : a history of working-class meals at the turn of the century
A contest of ideas : capital, politics, and labor
Ufil' umuntu, ufil' usadikiza! : trade unions and struggles for democracy and freedom in South Africa, 1973-2003
In the pond
Working class USA : the power and the movement
Marx's proletariat : the making of a myth
A brief history of the Estonian working class
The capital crisis and labour : perspectives on the dynamics of working-class consciousness in Canada
Workers & protest : the European labor movement, the working classes and the origins of social democracy 1890-1914
Hard hats, rednecks, and macho men : class in 1970s American cinema
The making of the English working class
Working the Navajo Way : labor and culture in the twentieth century
Children of the city : at work and at play
The deadly simple mechanics of society
The scheme for full employment
Revolutionary politics and the Cuban working class
Blue-collar workers in Eastern Europe
Them
The forgotten Americans
A taste of honey : a play
Fiction for the working man, 1830-50 : a study of the literature produced for the working classes in early Victorian urban England
Work, culture, and society in industrializing America : essays in American working-class and social history
Swimming in the moon
Teaching working class
Social democracy and the working class in the nineteenth and twentieth century Germany
Hog butchers, beggars, and busboys : poverty, labor, and the making of modern American poetry
Working class community : some general notions raised by a series of studies in northern England
The heart of revolution : the radical life and novels of Olive Dargan
Narrating class in American fiction
Learning to labour : how working class kids get working class jobs
Silent witnesses : representations of working-class women in the United States
International Labor and Working-class History
Working : people talk about what they do all day and how they feel about what they do
Becoming Nancy
The ontology of social being. 3, Labour
Farewell to the working class : an essay on post-industrial socialism
Outline history of the Soviet working class : Russian text ed
Factory girl literature : sexuality, violence, and representation in industrializing Korea
The missing class : portraits of the near poor in America
Regional imbalances and working-class consciousness
The working class in modern Europe
The skilled labourer
Workers in French society in the 19th and 20th centuries
The condition of the working class in England : from personal observation and authentic sources
Industrialization and the working class : the English experience, 1750-1900
Economics of labor
The condition of the working-class in England : from personal observation and authentic sources
What is class consciousness?
The story of the lost child
On the unity of the international communist movement
Marx and Engels and the English workers and other essays
Labor in the Soviet Union
On Britain
Labor activists and the new working class in China : strike leaders' struggles
Follows the continuing story of the friendship between fiery Lina and bookish Elena, now grown with children and successful in their chosen careers, and both again living in Naples, the city of their birth.
Work songs
"The turn of the century was a time of explosive growth for American cities, a time of nascent hopes and apparently limitless possibilities. In Children of the City, David Nasaw re-creates this period in our social history from the vantage point of the children who grew up then. Drawing on hundreds of memoirs, autobiographies, oral histories and unpublished--and until now unexamined--primary source materials from cities across the country, he provides us with a warm and eloquent portrait of these children, their families, their daily lives, their fears, and their dreams. Illustrated with 68 photographs from the period, many never before published, Children of the City offers a vibrant protrait of a time when our cities and our grandparents were young." --Information provided by the publisher.
Those who leave and those who stay
Blood relatives
Staging strikes : workers' theatre and the American labor movement
The book thief
Signatures and sacraments : a family story from London's past
Cultures of solidarity : consciousness, action, and contemporary American workers
Maps for lost lovers
The state, young people and youth training : in and against the training state
The working class in Britain, 1850-1939
The anthropological study of class and consciousness
"Un-American is Bill Mullen's revisionist account of renowned author and activist W.E.B. Du Bois's political thought toward the end of his life, a period largely dismissed and neglected by scholars. He describes Du Bois's support for what the Communist International called 'world revolution' as the primary objective of this aged radical's activism. Du Bois was a champion of the world's laboring millions and critic of the Cold War, a man dedicated to animating global political revolution. Mullen argues that Du Bois believed that the Cold War stalemate could create the conditions in which the world powers could achieve not only peace but workers' democracy. Un-American shows Du Bois to be deeply engaged in international networks and personal relationships with revolutionaries in India, China, and Africa. Mullen explores how thinkers like Karl Marx, Jawaharlal Nehru, Mohandas Gandhi, and C.L.R. James helped him develop a theory of world revolution at a stage in his life when most commentators regard him as marginalized. This original political biography also challenges assessments of Du Bois as an American 'race man'"--
Social legislation in the contemporary Middle East
Upsetting the apple cart : Black-Latino coalitions in New York City from protest to public office
Infant mortality and working-class child care, 1850-1899
Once in a house on fire
The common people : a history from the Norman conquest to the present
A class of its own : re-envisioning American labor fiction
Labour in Ireland : Labour in Irish history : The reconquest of Ireland
A short history of the british working-class movement 1789-1937
All together different : Yiddish socialists, garment workers, and the labor roots of multiculturalism
British industrial fictions
Labour in Scotland : a pictorial history from the eighteenth century to the present
Lanark : a life in 4 books
Who built America? : working people and the nation's economy, politics, culture, and society. Volume two, From the gilded age to the present
Labour in British society : an interpretative history
A short history of the British working class movement 1789 - 1925. Volume 1, 1789-1848
Without a net : the female experience of growing up working class
The condition of the working class in England
Working-class studies : an educational project of the feminist press at The City University of New York
The working class and welfare : reflections on the political development of the welfare state in Australia and New Zealand, 1890-1980
Hillbilly elegy : a memoir of a family and culture in crisis
Labor's text : the worker in American fiction
Voices at work : women, performance, and labor in ancient Greece
The labouring classes in early industrial England, 1750-1850
Conflict and compliance : class consciousness among Swedish workers
Workers, war & the origins of apartheid : labour & politics in South Africa, 1939-48
"This book concerns two men, a stockingmaker and a magistrate, who both lived in a small English village at the turn of the nineteenth century. It focuses on Joseph Woolley the stockingmaker, on his way of seeing and writing the world around him, and on the activities of magistrate Sir Gervase Clifton, administering justice from his country house Clifton Hall. Using Woolley's voluminous diaries and Clifton's magistrate records, Carolyn Steedman gives us a unique and fascinating account of working-class living and loving, and getting and spending. Through Woolley and his thoughts on reading and drinking, sex, the law and social relations, she challenges traditional accounts which she argues have overstated the importance of work to the working man's understanding of himself, as a creature of time, place and society. She shows instead that, for men like Woolley, law and fiction were just as critical as work in framing everyday life"--
A greasy-skinned worker : gender, class and work in the 20th-century life story of a female labourer
Vilimani : labor migration and rural change in early colonial Tanzania
The gardens of the British working class
Getting justice and getting even : legal consciousness among working-class Americans
Masculinity and the English working class : studies in Victorian autobiography and fiction
Doing research, making science: the memory of Roma workers
Labor's progress and some basic labor problems
Studies in class structure
"Why did you come?" - the proletarian mass migration : research report 1980-1985
What we hold in common : an introduction to working-class studies
Labor Activists and the New Working Class in China is an ethnographic work examining an export jewelry industrial district in Pearl River Delta of China. While well known that China is undergoing an unprecedented capitalist transformation, few have noted the new working class of China are also actively striving to alter their fate through labor struggles. Parry Leung lived for twelve months in the migrant worker dwelling sites, and kept close contact with the strike activists. Leung illuminates how strikes emerge and transform in an authoritarian state, by enhancing our understanding on the informal agency power of strike organizers in labor activism.
Class, power and technology : skilled workers in Britain and America
A short history of the the British working class movement 1789-1927. Volume 2, 1848-1900
Manhood on the line : working-class masculinities in the American heartland
What's the matter with Kansas? : how conservatives won the heart of America
Hands : physical labor, class, and cultural work
For unity of the working class against fascism
Modernism, labour and selfhood in British literature and culture, 1890-1930
Home in British working-class fiction
Sons and lovers
The worker and the state
Failing working-class girls
Critical approaches to American working-class literature
Capital, labour and the middle classes
