http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11291 repertoires
repertoires
UML Based Requirement Management Process in Mobile Multimedia Software Projects
Brahms songs :  high voice
Digital accounting : the effects of the Internet and ERP on accounting
Using Gocator laser profiling sensor with HALCON machine vision software
Open source and new media artists
Handbook of the secure agile software development life cycle
Three Dimensional Interactive Dental Charting
Performance : level 3
Experiences of a value assessment for products
Using EBI pattern in conjunction with service-oriented architectures
The Classic experience : Encores : Favourite classical themes arranged for flute and piano
Testing of S60 search applicaton
The integration of JasperReports to MHG ERP System
Business and E-commerce in Drupal
Finnish software product business : results from the national software industry survey 2002
Penetration tester's open source toolkit
Aligning business and IT with metadata : the financial services way
Organizational transformation from tailored software production to international Modified-Off-The-Shelf software business model
Microsoft Project 98 : Project management software
Classical guitar playing. Grade 4
The advent of open source democracy and wikipolitics : challenges, threats and opportunities for democratic discourse
Flute 102 : mastering the basics : a method and solo collection for the intermediate flutist with practicing and phrasing guides
Developing a Reclaim Information System : Case: Lemminkäinen Betonituote
Play it cool : Flute : ten easy pieces for flute and piano
Construction of Sound Models using Freely Available Data
Marketing Strategy for a Software Company : Focus on Creating Visibility for Services
Fun with the piano
Easy classics. For trumpet with piano accompaniment
Singer's repertoire. Part 2, Mezzo soprano and contralto
Folk fiddle time : more easy tunes from around the world
Agile and Iterative Requirement Definition : Efficient requirement definition in Agile and Iterative software development
The Art of song : Selected songs and arias for grade 6 : low voice
Adoption of agile software development in Vietnam
Partner programs of Finnish software companies : the view of the core company
Implementing a value assessment for products : an industrial case study
Model-driven development of control applications : modeling tools, simulations and safety
Wind chamber music : for two to sixteen winds : an annotated guide
Solo pieces for the beginning violinist
Library automation : core concepts and practical systems analysis
Write portable code : an introduction to developing software for multiple platforms
Ontology-driven software development
Everybody's favorite songs. Vol. 1 : High voice
iPhone for programmers : an App-driven approach
Session time for oboe : solos that expand into themselves
ATM AND Web Bank : Multiplatform Support
iLife '09 : [iPhoto, iMovie, GarageBand, iWeb, iDVD]
Crystal Reports 2008 : the complete reference
The best of Simply Bradley
FIRST BOOK OF FLUTE SOLOS
Microsoft Office 2000 Professional : Multilanguage Pack
Antecendents to and performance effects of software firms' business models
The role of network governance in business model performance
Developing security in the system development lifecycle : Agenteq Solutions Oy
Construction and evaluation of measurement system of WCDMA base station
Starters for viola : 17 arrangements and original pieces with piano accompaniment
Director 8.5. Shockwave studio : interface design
Enterprise application software
Microsoft Office 2000 Professional
Abstract: This thesis was motivated by my professional interest in Enterprise Application Software (EAS). Before I would be able to address the subject of my interest I needed to build a framework that could be used for the thesis.  The goal of this thesis was to create a framework which can be used to analyze the applicability of EAS for different industries by certain applicability criteria. There are so many different EAS today for each software category that companies and organizations struggle during software acquisition processes with the challenge to determine the best candidate to their particular business. This thesis aimed to analyze the factors to be considered be-fore and during the evaluation of the acquisition options.  The theoretical part of this thesis was built to separately determine the software and in-dustry categories and applicability criteria. The theory on software consists of Business Intelligence (BI), Customer Relationship Management (CRM) and Database and Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP). The theory on industries covers the banking, manufacturing and telecommunications industries where telecommunications is considered as a service pro-vider.  When the framework was finished it was utilized to perform an applicability analysis with it. The analysis was focused on every software category at a time. Every software catego-ry was analyzed for every industry by the chosen applicability criteria. The analysis led to conclusions on how to weigh different evaluation factors during the acquisition process.
Recorder showtime : Elementary : Melody, lyrics, guitar
The innovation handbook: how to profit from your ideas, intellectual property and market knowledge
Working with OpenERP / : learn to utilize OpenERP to transform and streamline your business
POSIX programmer's guide : writing portable UNIX programs with the POSIX.1 standard
Little dog tales : for children : pour enfants = Pequenos cuentos de perritos : para ninos = Petites histoires
Enhanced testing automation proof of concept for FreeNest
Animating with Blender : how to create short animations from start to finish
The piano trio : its history, technique and repertoire
The growth of Finnish software companies in 2008-2011 : empirical investigation of financial ratios as the determinants of growth
Improving Internal Software Applications of Buyers : Case of Nokia Siemens Networks HWS Buyers
Software engineering for real-time systems
iPhone : the missing manual
PlyMES Reporting
Right from the start : twenty tunes for young violinists
App savvy : turning ideas into iPhone and iPad apps customers really want
The joy of the music of love : serenades, romances, valentines and many other romantic musical offerings in easy piano arrangements
Mining creativity research to inform design rationale in open source communities
The genie in the machine : how computer-automated inventing is revolutionizing law and business
Testing modern data transfer technologies in mobile devices
Easy songs for the beginning baritone/bass
Software testing : interview questions
Competitive advantage from leveraging external resources : reuse of open source software components
Finnish software product business : results from the national software industry survey 2003
Development of agile software production to the organisation
GPS Tracker Data Analysis Platform
Assessing value of SW requirements
Productization of a Web Service : PREPD Presentation Tool
First book of flute solos
Improving browser-based UI test automation : Konecranes case study
Multimedia works and the issue of categorisation
Developing a pricing tool for Flander Oy
Building standard in COMOS
Python text processing with NLTK 2.0 Cookbook
Play it again : easy fun pieces for violin with piano accompaniment
Violin favorites : classics : famous classical pieces for violin = die schönsten klassischen Vortragsstücke für Violine
Electronic invoicing as a platform for exchanging accounting information : the electronic accounting reference concept
Viola anthology : 13 pieces by 11 composers
Product-Focused Software Process Improvement : 15th International Conference, PROFES 2014 : Helsinki, Finland, December 10-12, 2014 : Proceedings Volume 2
In 1996, Pablo Ventura turned his attention to the choreography software Life Forms to find out whether the then-revolutionary new tool could lead to new possibilities of expression in contemporary dance. During the next 2 decades, he devised choreographic techniques and custom software to create dance works that highlight the operational logic of computers, accompanied by computer-generated dance and media elements. This article provides a firsthand account of how Ventura's engagement with algorithmic concepts guided and transformed his choreographic practice. The text describes the methods that were developed to create computer-aided dance choreographies. Furthermore, the text illustrates how choreography techniques can be applied to correlate formal and aesthetic aspects of movement, music, and video. Finally, the text emphasizes how Ventura's interest in the wider conceptual context has led him to explore with choreographic means fundamental issues concerning the characteristics of humans and machines and their increasingly profound interdependencies..
Classical guitar playing. Grade 2
Approximation through interpolation in nonconvex multiobjective optimization
Singer's repertoire. Part 4, Baritone and bass
Re-engineering legacy software through language conversion
Portability of Qt applications in the mobile environment
Easy songs for the beginning soprano
Singer's repertoire. Part 4, baritone and bass
Experiences of New Approaches to UI Software Development: Comparing the Waterfall and Agile Processes
The elements of UML style
Guide to computing for expressive music performance
Applied integer programming : modeling and solution
SOFTWARE PURCHASING PROFESSIONAL : Identifying Competences and Capabilities in Software Purchasing
Seamless integration of MetaEdit+ and eclipse to combine modeling and coding
Classical guitar playing. Grade 3
Self-management in distributed systems : smart adaptive framework for pervasive computing environments
Improving internal software applications of buyers : case of Nokia Siemens Networks HWS buyers
Top tunes for guitar : fifty favourite melodies
Simulation Aided Product Software Development
Singer's repertoire. Part 1, Coloratura soprano, lyric soprano and dramatic soprano
Easy classics. For trumpet
Tiivistelmä: Smoke testing bench for freenest service.
An introduction to statistics using Microsoft Excel
The Golden encyclopedia of all organ music : a complete reference library of organ knowledge
Developing security in the system development life cycle : Agenteq Solutions Oy
Singer's repertoire. Part 3, Lyric and dramatic tenor
Setting up Dynamic Media-To-Go Testing Environment for Mobile Terminals
A simulation-based approach to testing embedded software
Software for acquisition of exercise test database
Proceedings of the NWUML'2006 : the 4th Nordic Workshop on UML and Software Modeling, Grimstad, Norway, June 12-14, 2006
Loops and grooves : The musician's guide to groove machines and loop sequencer
Strategic impacts of ASP-business on an independent software vendor. Case QPR Software
SAS essentials : a guide to mastering SAS for research
Enterprise Application Software
NMR- Laboratory, introduction with a Time Lapse and Tilt-shift video
Tunes for my violin
Middleware for mobile sensing applications in urban environments
The Suitability of Thinking Portfolio® Software in Project Reporting. Case: Cargotec
Planning your piano success : a blueprint for aspiring musicians
Industrial experiences of developing quality gates for software  development process
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis project was to design a plug-in, which integrates a locally installed Eclipse IDE with a remote exercise management system. The client of this project was Viope Solutions OY, an online based eLearning service provider company located in Helsinki Finland. The user groups of the service are students and individuals. This project was carried out using Eclipse plug-in Development Environment (PDE) and different programming technologies such as Java technology, Standard Widget Toolkit (SWT), and XML parsing. In this project there are three plug-in solutions such as: login, chapter and exercise selector,and exercise sender. Each plug-in solution has been integrated with client's already existing system, and tested using dummy data files. As a result, the requirements set for this project have been accomplished. Also additional features, such as enabling users to access exercises from Eclipse IDE main tool bar, were  realized. The plug-ins designed may be useful in facilitating the client's existing exercise handling process. However, only these solutions may not be enough to increase the productivity of the company. Therefore, it is recommended that additional plug-ins with multiple functionalities should be added in future.
Improving Quality in Evolving Software Development Team Practices
Managing and leading software projects
Digital control systems : theory, hardware, software
Proceedings of the 9th OOPSLA Workshop on Domain-Specific Modeling (DSM'09)
The complete organ recitalist : international repertoire-guide to foreign, British and American works
Market analysis on Swedish software markets for infoBoard Europe GmBH
Trumpet anthology : 21 pieces by 13 composers
Server side collaboration of eLearning platform and integrated development environment
The testing process development of large scale embedded UI software = Laajan sulautetun ohjelmiston testausprosessin kehittäminen
Challenges in localization of software for China
Sams teach yourself : OpenOffice.org 2, firefox and thunderbird for windows all in one
Classic themes from great composers : music minus one flute : intermediate level
SAP FICO : global manual test template for regression testing : case: Company X
20 piano studies in classical, jazz and popular styles : intermediate level
Technical excellence in agile software projects
The 7th International Conference on eXtreme Programming and Agile Processes in Software Engineering : tutorials, workshops, activities, and keynote speeches : Oulu, Finland, June 17-22, 2006
Semantic visualization for smart spaces : merging the material and digital worlds
Far more than a word processor, Scrivener helps you organize and brainstorm even the most complex writing project, bring together your research, and write more efficiently and successfully than ever before. Long available for Mac, there's now a Windows version, too. Thousands of writers and aspiring writers are discovering this powerful, low-cost tool. Now, there's an up-to-the-minute, easy guide to the latest versions of Scrivener for both Mac and Windows.
Junos security
The bass clarinet : a personal history
Singer's repertoire. Part 1, coloratura soprano, lyric soprano and dramatic soprano
Exploring user acceptance of free wireless fidelity public hot spots : an empirical study
Guide to the tuba repertoire : the new tuba source book
Agile Testing – How a Tester’s Role Is Changing in Software Development Projects
A rugged nation
Automated trading software for Foreign Exchange
Singer's repertoire. Part 2, mezzo soprano and contralto
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Developing value assessment for SW architecture
Software testing techniques : finding the defects that matter
Windows Phone 7 plain & simple : your easy, colorful, see-how guide to Windows Phone 7!
SOFTWARE IN TOURISM INDUSTRY : A Study On Emerging New Niches Of Software In Hotel Industry
Technical Excellence in Agile Software Projects
Software quality : software and systems quality in distributed and mobile environments : 7th international conference, SWQD 2015 Vienna, Austria, January 20-23, 2015 proceedings
Applying software development methodology
PlyMes reporting
Towards a meta-method for the engineering of situational evaluation methods for domain-specific modeling tools
Singer's repertoire. Part 3, lyric and dramatic tenor
Agile software construction
The Art of song (medium voice) : Selected songs and arias for grade 7
Software engineering classics : best practices for building great software and great software teams
iPhone 3G
Easy classics. For clarinet
Software measurement and estimation : a practical approach
Interface definition between SW component factories and SW product projects: Problem analysis
Take another ten. Piano
Agile testing : how a tester's role Is changing in software development projects
From Sequential Waterfall to Agile Scrum in software development
Classical guitar playing. Grade 6
Building the WAMP Platform
Android apps marketing : secrets to selling your Android app
Classical guitar playing. Grade 7
Abstract.
Open source software law
Cornet (trumpet) music for beginners : Trompetenmusik für Anfänger = Musique de trompette pour les premier pas = Trombitamuszika kezdők számára
MATLAB for neuroscientists : an introduction to scientific computing in MATLAB
It's never too late to play... : 16 great new arrangements for piano solo and duet
Experiences of new approaches to UI software development : comparing the waterfall and agile processes
Symphonic repertoire guide for timpani and percussion
Algorithmic reflections on choreography
Tuba d'amore : 12 pièces avec cd versions euphonium ou saxhorn-basse et piano seul = 12 pieces with cd euphonium or saxhorn-basse version + only piano
What is done cannot be undone: the changing face of intellectual property law in the media society
Finnish software product business : results from the national software industry survey 2004
iComponent - device-independent platform for analyzing eye movement data and developing eye-based applications
Portable Sales Web Application
Scrivener for dummies
Heritage in the digital era
Italian favorites for accordion
Isolated unit tests in .Net
Computational intelligence in reliability engineering
Abstract: Currently UPM plywood production has a tailor made reporting platform that handles all production related data. This reporting platform is called PlyNET and it is based on Mi-crosoft SQL Reporting Services (SSRS) technology. PlyNET platform is fully developed by the UPM IT-department and in the long run that could cause problems concerning product support and future development. During 2011-2012 UPM has implemented a standard MES solution for plywood production based on GE Intelligent Platforms' Proficy product family. This system is called PlyMES. the Proficy platform includes standard out-of-the-box reports, but these reports were found to be insufficient and needed to be extended or replaced. To be able to extend PlyMES reports and merge these with existing PlyNET reports, Novotek Report Plus (NRP) reporting tool was chosen as a candidate. Like PlyNET, the NRP platform is also based on standard SQL Server Reporting Services (SRSS) technology. Using NRP, UPM specific reports based on data in the PlyMES system can be designed and existing PlyNET reports can be merged together with PlyMES reports into single reporting portal. The goal of this thesis is to explore the possibility to use Novotek Report Plus as a single reporting portal for PlyMES and PlyNET reports. Alongside of this project WIP inventory balance, plywood average thickness and produced plywood quantity reports will be de-signed and created.
Automated software testing
Software testing : an ISTQB-BCS certified tester foundation guide
Used : browser 3.0 : the Internet design project
Electronic Photo Frame
Understanding and analyzing SQL/CLI database usage of Java software: empirical study
Platform Scale : How an emerging business model helps startups build large empires with minimum investment
Smoke testing bench for freenest service
International software distribution : selecting suitable channels for business software products
Automatic Repeat-Request Courseware
Cisco networking academy program : IT Essentials 1 : Pc Hardware and Software Lab Companion
Music for three or more pianists : a historical survey and catalogue
The art of song. Selected songs for grades 1-5 : High voice
Incredible iPhone apps for dummies
On top of the cloud : how CIOs leverage new technologies to drive change and build value across the enterprise
Improving the use of an ERP system in a security company
M is for (data) monkey : the Excel pro's definitive guide to power query
The concert song companion : a guide to the classical repertoire
The Art of song : Selected songs for grade 6 : high voice
There is a strong relationship between the media and intellectual property. On the one hand, intellectual property goods are created because they are transmitted through the media, on the other hand media can only work by creating goods of intellectual property. The development of media society set before intellectual property law many challenges. Both law practitioners and academics ask whether the law follows the media and their spectacular development, and whether the law meets expectations of media society. The answers to these questions are negative, but fortunately law tries not to be further than a step behind the progress, not only by creating new legal frameworks that meet the needs, but also, and perhaps above all, thanks to the progressive interpretation of traditional legal rules..
Automatic portability testing
Industrial experiences of developing a model for software development quality gates
Pablo de Sarasate repertoire : the best pieces for violin and piano
Software development and professional practice
EV80C51FX microcontroller evaluation board : User's manual : Release 001.
The limits of software : people, projects, and perspectives
Maximizing Customer Value: Better Software and Web Solutions through Iteration of Use Cases
Applied statistics for software managers
