http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11249 applied research
applied research
The research manual : design and statistics for applied linguistics
Mapping applied visual art : a research journey in the streams of art and design
Aesthetics in practice : proceedings, XIIIth International congress of aesthetics, Lahti, Finland August 1-5 1995. 3, Practical aesthetics : in practice and theory
International journal of scientific research
Maintaining noyes: on translation of the 'Other' in Timothy Findley's Not wanted on the Voyage
Enhancing innovation capability and business opportunities : cases of SME-oriented applied research
Mathematical models and methods for planet Earth
Applying social psychology
Ritual and myth : Robertson Smith, Frazer, Hooke, and Harrison
Doing research : a handbook for teachers
Applied business research : qualitative and quantitative methods
Snow and ice design in small businesses in winter tourism in Lapland: action research in snow and ice design
Applied anthropology : tools and perspectives for contemporary practice
Pioneering spirits : the 12th Rolex Awards for Enterprise
Games of life : explorations in ecology, evolution and behaviour
Has the developing world developed modern concepts of stress? Are coping methods the same around the globe? Such questions are not simple to answer, and until recently, few knew to ask them. In recent years, Western psychologists have recognized that their prevailing views of psychology do not always translate worldwide, and that no culture has a monopoly on either stress or coping. "The Handbook of Multicultural Perspectives on Stress and Coping" was created to address this realization. This unique volume moves beyond simple comparisons of behaviors in other countries by clarifying critical concepts in stress and coping, analyzing and synthesizing vast amounts of global data, and identifying constructs and methodologies necessary for meaningful cross-cultural research. An international, multiethnic panel of forty-five contributors presents elegant studies of stress, survival, and resilience as cultures evolve and countries interact, including: personal transformation as a coping strategy; psychological skills that enhance intercultural adjustment; individual versus collectivist values in coping; and Buddhist and Taoist traditions in coping. It provides details about the cumulative effects of historical, environmental, and political stressors on nations in the Middle East - Specific cross-cultural perspectives, from Latino-American families to Canadian aboriginal peoples to minority university students. The editors have assembled a vital store of knowledge, raising crucial implications for clinicians working with immigrant/international populations, and evaluating the current state of theory, research, and assessment. The Handbook documents major steps toward scientific advancement, and human understanding.
Analysing the language of discourse communities
Ecology : global insights & investigations
Innovation in mathematics : proceedings of the Second International Mathematica Symposium
Handbook of humor research. Vol. 2, Applied studies
The psychology of individual differences. Vol. 4, Clinal and applied research
Applied psychology : putting theory into practice
Design research through practice : from the lab, field, and showroom
The Sage handbook of applied social research methods
Handbook of applied social research methods
Big science : the growth of large-scale research
Meeting governmental demands? : research groups as economic engines
Critical studies in philosophical medical ethics
Research as a basis for teaching : readings from the work of Lawrence Stenhouse
Applicational grammar as a semantic theory of natural language
Folklore and historical process = Folklor i povijesni proces
This book asserts the relevance of mainstream anthropology to development processes and recognizes that contemporary development should be anthropology's principal area of study. It argues for a socio-anthropology of change and development that is a deeply empirical, multidimensional, diachronic study of social groups and their interactions. It provides a thought-provoking examination of the new approaches that have emerged in anthropology since the 1990s. It assesses the complexity of social change and development, and how socio-anthropology can tackle this complexity. It examines some of the key variables in the development process, including relations of production; the logics of social action; the nature of knowledge; forms of mediation; and 'political' strategies. Much of the empirical material is drawn from Africa
Research methods in psychology
Applied research in gerontology
Structural studies of Trichoderma reesei hydrophobins HFBI and HFBII : the molecular basis for the function of fungal amphiphiles
Applied evolutionary economics and the knowledge-based economy
Research for the public good : applying the methods of translational research to improve human health and well-being
Applied musicology : using zygonic theory to inform music education, therapy, and psychology research
Technology, society, environment. 2/2002, On the embodied nature of action
Applied anthropology
Confirmatory factor analysis for applied research
Normative rationality and the future prospects of religion education : the perspectives of scientific realism
Applied research design : a practical guide
Advances in applied social psychology. Vol. 2
Policy, interest and power : studies in strategies of research utilization
Music endangerment : how language maintenance can help
Russian applied research and development : its problems and its promise
Why sociology does not apply : a study of the use of sociology in public policy
Mapping applied visual art: a research journey in the streams of art and design
The Food and Folklore Reader is the first comprehensive introduction to folklore methods and concepts relevant to food. Mapping the study of food through key sources in folkloristics, the forty readings span the entire discipline: from seminal works on identity and aesthetics, to innovative scholarship on contemporary food issues such as food security and culinary tourism. The book also features: - Expert commentary and comprehensive introductions to each of the book's five parts by renowned folklorist and food scholar Lucy M. Long - Global coverage, with examples from the United States, Canada, Australia, Europe, Jewish and Filipino culture, and much more - Questions for discussion and suggestions for further reading – supporting learning and encouraging students to explore these ideas in their own work. Definitive in scale and scope, this book defines the field of food and folklore for a new generation of students. An essential resource for all students in food studies, folklore studies, cultural studies, and anthropology.
Spirit of enterprise : the 1990 Rolex awards
The Oxford handbook of applied ethnomusicology
The tenth Rolex Awards for Enterprise
A teacher's guide to classroom research
Applied behavior analysis
A Handbook of critical approaches to literature
Translational research links scientific findings with programs and policies that improve human health and well-being. It includes research that evaluates interventions or policies for efficacy and effectiveness, as well as research that applies field experience to future development of basic theory and its applications. Although translational research has traditionally emphasized biomedical studies with one type of application (i.e., individual-level intervention to treat disease), the concept has expanded to include various sciences and many types of applications. Social and behavioral sciences now often contribute to public- and individual-level interventions that promote education, disease prevention, health care delivery, health care access, and more. This book demonstrates how emerging methods of translational research can be applied to important topics of interest to social and behavioral scientists. Accessible models and real-world case studies are provided to help bridge the gaps among research, policy, and practice.
National programme on materials and structure research : progress report
An introduction to science studies : the philosophical and social aspects of science and technology
Aid element of government R&D contracts
Applying ecology
Doing research in business and management : an introduction to process and method
Advances in applied social psychology. Vol. 1
Spirit of enterprise : the 1993 Rolex awards
VTT Impulse : a magazine on technology, science and innovations
The narrative tree of education
Fundamentals of measurement in applied research
Aesthetics and the good life
Building on children's strengths : the experience of project spectrum
Ecology : theories and applications
The food and folklore reader
Summary.
Recent accomplishments in applied forest economics research
Solution-centered sociology : addressing problems through applied sociology
Folklore : the basics
Although research in music psychology, education, and therapy has expanded exponentially in the twenty-first century, there is something of a 'black hole' around which much of the discourse circles: music itself. While writers have largely been occupied with what people think about musical engagement, the little musical analysis that exists has tended to be at a low level compared to the sophisticated non-musical exploration that is present. This highlights the tenuous connection between musical enquiry in the context of the humanities and that occurring within the social sciences, the one exception being the partial intersection of music theory and psychology. Here, however, progress has largely been in one direction, with something of the objectivity that characterizes psychological research reading across to music analysis, and taking the form of what has been called 'empirical musicology'.
Handbook of multicultural perspectives on stress and coping
Manufacturing performance : a scoreboard of indicators
Journal of the Royal Society Interface
Executive summary (s. 11-24).
Spirit of enterprise : the 1996 Rolex Awards
Research & development and standardization : a guide
Basic research methods for librarians
Anthropology and development : understanding contemporary social change
Applying social science : the role of social research in politics, policy and practice
Abstract book and programme : 12th European Conference on Accelerators in Applied Research and Technology, July 3-8, 2016, Jyväskylä, Finland : ecaart 12
Methods for applied macroeconomic research
Impact of Tekes' grants for applied technical research
An introduction to applied sociology
Applied anthropology : an introduction
The Routledge Handbook of Language and Intercultural Communication constitutes a comprehensive introduction to the multidisciplinary field of intercultural communication, drawing on the expertise of leading scholars from diverse backgrounds. The Handbook is structured in five sections and covers historical perspectives, core issues and topics, and new debates in the field, with a particular focus on the language dimension. Among the key themes addressed are: the foundation of intercultural communication; core themes and issues; putting intercultural communication theory into practice; new debates and future directions. The Handbook includes an introduction and overview by the editor, which provides readers with an indication of the focus of each section and chapter. The Routledge Handbook of Language and Intercultural Communication is the ideal resource for advanced undergraduates and postgraduate students of applied linguistics, TESOL/TEFL and communication studies.
Knowing matters : how students address lack of knowledge in bilingual classroom interaction
Applied ecology
The social direction of the public sciences : causes and consequences of co-operation between scientists and non-scientific groups
The Routledge handbook of language and intercultural communication
A handbook of critical approaches to literature
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Universal methods of design : 100 ways to research complex problems, develop innovative ideas, and design effective solutions
Art and beyond : Finnish approaches to aesthetics
Gerontechnology : why and how
