http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11243 customs tariffs
customs tariffs
Customs valuation
The new rules of global trade : a guide to the World Trade Organization
Explanatory notes to the customs tariff of the European Communities
EC customs law
The political economy of the world trading system : the WTO and beyond
The customs tariff of Finland : (draft)
Tariffs and trade in Western Europe : a report
The customs law of the European economic community
Classification of chemicals in the customs tariff of the European Communities. Vol. 3, Alphabetical list (in English)
The purpose of this thesis was to increase the efficiency of Nokia's logistic specialists. The main objectives were to increase the number of direct clearances and to decrease the amount of amendments and complaints. Direct clearances means that the whole customs declaration has been handled without the consignee's participation. In Nokia's case this means that a forwarding agency handles the whole customs clearance. The practical part of this thesis includes a forwarding guide and the theoretical part describes import activities in general and more detailed information that is introduced in the guide. The information for this thesis has been gathered by observing and interviewing relevant employees at Nokia and DHL. The stages of this thesis were preparation, monitoring and analyzing the gathered information. Preparation included the making of the guide. The monitoring period lasted for five months and after that the development had to be analyzed. The guide is a separate Excel worksheet but the thesis includes some pictures and other information taken from the guide. The theoretical part creates a frame for the guide and opens up the terms used in the guide. The last part of the thesis concentrates on results and conclusions, including some future plans. The results for this thesis were notable. All the goals were reached and all the parties were satisfied with the results.
Tariffs in world seafood trade
The law and policy of the World Trade Organization : text, cases, and materials
The world trading system : law and policy of international economic relations
The manifestations of preferential trade : rules of origin and customs tariffs
A handbook on the GATS agreement
Tariffs and the East Asian financial crisis
Forwarding guide for Nokia Finland
Explanatory notes to the combined nomenclature of the European Communities : 1991 edition
Community customs law : a guide to the customs rules on trade between the (enlarged) EU and third countries, with value added tax upon importation and exportation
World tariff profiles
Practical guide to the use of the European Communities' scheme of generalized tariff preferences
The customs law of the People's Republic of China = Zhonghua Renmin Gongheguo haiguan fa
