http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11257 female scientists
female scientists
The outer circle : women in the scientific community
Exploring gender and power in academia : gate-keepers in research funding in focus
The dynamic genome : Barbara McClintock's ideas in the century of genetics
Tiedenaisia = Vetenskapskvinnor = Women of learning
Prize fight : the race and the rivalry to be the first in science
Silence of the spheres : the deaf experience in the history of science
Naming the multiple: segments of scientific giftedness
Men's studies modified : the impact of feminism on the academic disciplines
Lifting a ton of feathers : a woman's guide to surviving in the academic world
The Cambridge dictionary of scientists
Beatrice Webb : a life, 1858-1943
Complete dictionary of scientific biography
Madame Curie : a biography
Meet the Weirds
Scholarly communications for librarians
Science in the modern world polity : institutionalization and globalization
The quiet invasion
Men and women of the forest : livelihood strategies and conservation from a gender perspective in Ranomafana National Park, Madagascar
Curious minds : how a child becomes a scientist
Avril Crump ... and her amazing clones
The Oxford book of modern science writing
The book of the body politic
I am Pilgrim : a thriller
Nobel Prize women in science : their lives, struggles, and momentous discoveries
Gender equality in science : a philosophical perspective
History of women in the sciences : readings from Isis
Changing subjects : the making of feminist literary criticism
Who's who in science in Europe : a biographical guide in science, technology, agriculture, and medicine : vol. 1-2
Prior to the publication of this book, there has been a complete absence of literature on the contributions of deaf men and women in science. Written by a deaf scientist, this book is one of the few syntheses of the issues facing deaf people in a particular field of professional endeavor. Because of the highly invisible nature of deafness, much of the information presented by Lang will be new to readers. His research represents six years of archival search among the historical documents of the deaf communities of Europe, Canada, and the United States. The prominent role that deaf scientists have played in history becomes apparent through Lang's presentation of the accomplishments of these talented and determined men and women. The study of deaf scientists is part of the study of other marginalized groups, and finds parallels in African American and women's studies. The issues surrounding technological development, eugenics, and disabilities in general are several of the important themes of this work.
Results of the 2007 membership survey of the Finnish Union of University Researchers and Teachers
Academe and gender : what has and has not changed?
Gate-keeping, gender equality and scientific excellence
Margaret Rossiter's widely hailed Women Scientists in America: Struggles and Strategies to 1940 marked the beginning of a pioneering effort to interpret the history of American women scientists. That effort continues in this provocative sequel that covers the crucial years of World War II and beyond. Rossiter begins by showing how the acute labor shortage brought on by the war seemed to hold out new hope for women professionals, especially in the sciences. But the public posture of welcoming women into the scientific professions masked a deep-seated opposition to change. Rossiter proves that despite frustrating obstacles created by the patriarchal structure and values of universities, government, and industry, women scientists made genuine contributions to their fields, grew in professional stature, and laid the foundation for the breakthroughs that followed 1972.
Women in science and engineering : choises for success
Complex identities : the case of academic women
Women, science, and technology : a reader in feminist science studies
Women in science : a report from the field
Why is it that some women have created successful careers in science, when historically there have been so many barriers that exclude women from engaging in scientific work? At last, here is a comparative history that illuminates some of the patterns that have emerged in the history of women in science. This book features some of the most influential and pioneering studies of women in the sciences, with a special focus on patterns of education, access, barriers, and opportunities for women's work in science. Spanning the 17th through the 20th centuries, the book demonstrates the meaning and power of gender experienced by women in the sciences. Individual chapters focus on exceptional women whose unusual initiativee and particular circumstance led them to engage in science: Laura Bassi, Nettie Stevens, Maria Winkelmann, and others. Chapters on women's access to science discuss collaboration with family members in the domestic sphere, the impact of primers and popular science writing, and formal education in public schools and advanced research institutions. There are examinations of the reasons for clusters of women working in "female friendly" sciences such as botany and physiology in the 19th century and astronomy in the U.S. during the early 20th century. This important and useful book provides a thoughtful and detailed overview for scholars and students in the history of science, as well as for feminist historians, scientists, and others who who want a comparative and historical analysis of women in the sciences.
Women in higher education : changes and challenges
Emilie du Châtelet between Leibniz and Newton
The international who's who of authors and writers 2003.
From a nun to a mother and a lecturer : the place where I faced the fear of death
The arrows of time
Seduced by logic : Émilie du Châtelet, Mary Somerville, and the Newtonian revolution
People of the book : thirty scholars reflect on their Jewish identity
Women in science and technology
The clockwork rocket
Science on the home front : American women scientists in World War II
Gender issues in Academia : recent international iniatives
Natural eloquence : women reinscribe science
Lifting the veil : the feminine face of science
Mistress of science : the story of the remarkable Janet Taylor, pioneer of sea navigation
Academic women
Cecilia Payne-Gaposchkin : an autobiography and other recollections
Women's work-related and family-related discrimination and support in academia
Genius logistics : occupational geographical mobility of Nobel Prize winners in science 1860-2005
The natural and social sciences : gendered epistemic environments at two university departments in Finland : an introduction
Scientific pioneers : women succeeding in science
Meet Manya Sklodowska, better known today as Marie Curie, the co-discoverer of radium, and who became the first woman awarded the Nobel prize for her work on the discovery. Learn what life was like for Marie, and the effect her discovery had on the world.
Crossing boundaries : feminism and the critique of knowledges
Waste of talents : turning private struggles into a public issue : women and science in the Enwise countries : a report to the European Commission from the Enwise Expert Group on women scientists in the Central and Eastern European countries and in the Baltic States
Thinkers of the twentieth century
Narrating 'experience': Raymond Aron and feminist scholars revis(it)ed : a subversive conversation
Women in academia : report of the working group appointed by the Academy of Finland
Women's participation in positions of responsibility in careers of science and technology : obstacles and opportunities
The only woman of the Enlightenment to be recognized for her genius, Gabrielle Emilie le Tonnelier de Breteuil was born to the highest circles of the French aristocracy, married a marquis at the age of eighteen, and indulged in all the pleasures of her class. Then, at 27, defying convention, she became the mistress of Voltaire, embarking on an extraordinary and transformative intellectual journey as his patroness, lover and companion. Historian Zinsser explores how she transformed herself from courtier, wife, and mother into one of the leading intellects of the French Enlightenment, an accomplished mathematician, physicist, translator, and author of original works of philosophy and science. At the end of her life, pregnant by a young new lover, she raced to complete her translation and commentary on Newton's Principia. By bringing this singular woman to life with style and wit, Zinsser at last gives this revolutionary her due.--From publisher description.
This text examines the degree of lesbian presence throughout higher education. Contributors analyze issues such as the notion of specifically lesbian knowledge in various academic disciplines, the impact of lesbian feminism and of queer on the emergence of lesbians within higher education, and the problem of incorporating lesbian studies within the academy. From the pessimistic to the celebratory, contributors examine the effects lesbians as activists, teachers and researchers have had, and continue to have, on changing disciplines and the academy.
Inventing Women explores important and controversial debates about the gendering of science and technology and their relationship to women. This book discusses how such gendering occurs, the scientific basis for claims of sex difference, the medicalization of women's bodies and the political issues raised by reproductive technology. The book also examines women as producers of science and technology, both as professional scientists and as unskilled workers. It concludes by looking at women as consumers of technology and science - domestic technology and computers - and at their relationship with Nature. Inventing Women raises the question of whether feminism can produce not only a critique of science and technology, but a new feminist science and technology, and the systems and artefacts that go with it. This volume includes contributions which represent some of the best feminist scholarship in their fields. It can be used as a textbook and it will appeal to a wide audience in feminism and women's studies, sociology, education, science and technology, and medicine and health.
Gender discrimination in the promised lander of gender equality
Critical incidents in the lives of gifted female Finnis scientists
La dame d'esprit : a biography of the Marquise Du Châtelet
The Britannica guide to 100 most influential scientists : the most important scientists from ancient Greece to the present day
The Finnish woman
Betty A. Reardon : key texts in gender and peace
Republic of Women recaptures a lost chapter in the narrative of intellectual history. It tells the story of a transnational network of female scholars who were active members of the seventeenth-century republic of letters and demonstrates that this intellectual commonwealth was a much more eclectic and diverse assemblage than has been assumed. These seven scholars - Anna Maria van Schurman, Princess Elisabeth of Bohemia, Marie de Gournay, Marie du Moulin, Dorothy Moore, Bathsua Makin and Katherine Jones, Lady Ranelagh - were philosophers, schoolteachers, reformers and mathematicians. They hailed from England, Ireland, Germany, France and The Netherlands. And together with their male colleagues - men like Descartes, Huygens, Hartlib and Montaigne - they represented the spectrum of contemporary approaches to science, faith, politics and the advancement of learning. Carol Pal uses their collective biography to reconfigure the intellectual biography of early modern Europe, offering a new, expanded analysis of the seventeenth-century community of ideas.
Women in science : then and now
Talk sweetly to me
Crumbling the myth of gender equality : promotion of women in science and universities in Finland
Women in science
Narrating 'experience' : Raymond Aron and feminist scholars revis(it)ed : a subversive conversation
Creative couples in the sciences
Femininity, mathematics and science : 1880-1914
Mainstreaming and positive action in academia : gender expertise and organisational watchdogs needed
The Rosie project : a novel
Women of science : righting the record
Women in chemistry and physics : a biobibliographic sourcebook
Women in the life sciences : tools for successful research careers : Stockholm, Sweden December 3-4, 2001 : proceedings
Primates : the fearless science of Jane Goodall, Dian Fossey, and Biruté Galdikas
European women in chemistry
The biographical dictionary of women in science : pioneering lives from ancient times to the mid-20th century
Polish scholars : their contribution to world science
Feminist scholarship : kindling in the groves of academe
This book summarizes the major conceptual dilemmas facing feminist intellectuals in academia today. It shows how scholars in very different disciplines can draw on particularities of race, class, ethnicity, sexuality, gender, and voice to enrich and contextualize the knowledge they produce. Examined are agency, perspectives, value judgments, disciplinary selections, and academic knowledge and social change as key elements in the production of knowledge.
Women in higher education : a European perspective
These twenty autobiographical essays by eminent feminist literary critics explore the process by which women scholars became feminist scholars, articulating the connections between the personal and political in their lives and work. They describe the experiences that radicalised women within academia and without, as students, professors, scholars, political activists, women. From these diverse histories a collective history emerges of the development of feminism as an intellectual and social movement, as a heuristic tool, as the redefinition of knowledge and power. This book presents a history of the field through the eyes of those who have created it. Offering a spectrum of experiences and critical positions that engage with current debates in feminism, it will be valuable to teachers and students of feminist theory, women's studies, and the history of the women's movement. It will interest female writers and scholars in all disciplines and anyone who cares about feminism and its future.
Idea makers : personal perspectives on the lives & ideas of some notable people
Remarkable creatures
A historical catalogue of scientists and scientific books from the earliest times to the close of the nineteenth century
The international authors and writers who's who
Spirit of Russian science
Seeing and knowing : women and learning in medieval Europe 1200-1550
Notable women in mathematics : a biographical dictionary
Beautiful, brilliant Dr Gina Solomon is one of a handful of scientists stationed on a remote island off the Arctic Circle. Out conducting research in the last days before winter wraps the area in months-long darkness, she witnesses a plane crash over the Bering Sea, and rescues a survivor from the wreckage. With a snowstorm stranding them unexpectedly, it's at least twenty-four hours before they return to the research station - and discover that all of the other scientists have been murdered. Whoever killed them is still on the island.
The eternal flame
Women in science : 50 fearless pioneers who changed the world
Inventing women : science, technology and gender
Women at work : a meeting on the status of women in astronomy, held at the Space Telescope Science Institute, September 8-9, 1992
Daughters of alchemy : women and scientific culture in early modern Italy
First women geographers in Finland 1890-1930 : a development perspective
Naming the multiple : segments of scientific giftedness
Example from Europe : academic women networking in Europe and beyond
In honorem Outi Lauhakangas, 1953- : an epistolary tribute to Outi Lauhakangas on her sixtieth birthday
(En)gendering knowledge : feminists in academe
Republic of women : rethinking the republic of letters in the seventeenth century
The fossil hunter : dinosaurs, evolution, and the woman whose discoveries changed the world
Science and sensibility : gender and scientific enquiry, 1780-1945
Lifting a Ton of Feathers is not only a survival guide, it is also a destroyer of academic myths about women's career chances in the university, and a revelation of the catch-22 positions in which women find themselves. Caplan demonstrates that while many women believe that when they fail it is their fault, their fate is more likely to be sealed by their encounter with the male environment, and by the manner in which they are tossed about by it. She aims to help women avoid self-blame and understand the real sources of their problems. Readers will find the information about the mine-field of academia for women infuriating, but the means of telling it highly entertaining. Women account for more than half of all undergraduate students in the US and Canada, yet they make up only 10 per cent of faculty members at the level of full professor. What happens to women between freshman level, the tenure track, and the ensuing following professional years that keeps them out of the highest levels of academia? Paula Caplan is herself a veteran of the academic career struggle, and she sets out to explore this question with not only her own observations but also those of many women whom she has interviewed, and with a strong backing of established research. With these tools she provides a clear-eyed assessment of what women who have embarked on an academic career, and those who are considering it, may expect.
"We often think of scientists as dispassionate and detached, nobly laboring without any expectation of reward. But scientific research is much more complicated and messy than this ideal, and scientists can be torn by jealousy, impelled by a need for recognition, and subject to human vulnerability and fallibility. In Prize Fight, Emeritus Chair at SUNY School of Medicine Morton Meyers pulls back the curtain to reveal the dark side of scientific discovery. From stolen authorship to fabricated results and elaborate hoaxes, he shows us how too often brilliant minds are reduced to petty jealousies and promising careers cut short by disputes over authorship or fudged data. Prize Fight is a dramatic look at some of the most notable discoveries in science in recent years, from the discovery of insulin, which led to decades of infighting and even violence, to why the 2003 Nobel Prize in Medicine exposed how often scientific objectivity is imperiled. "--
Women scientists in America. [Vol. 3], Forging a new world since 1972
Scientist in the picture : Greece, 1900-1980 : situated identities - identities of sites : [the Museum of Byzantine Culture, Thessaloniki, October-November 2007 : the National Hellenic Research Foundation, Athens, December 2007 - January 2008] / academic editor / exhibition & publication coordinator: Sasa Lada ; researchers / curators / editors: Stergios Karavatos, Katerina Chatzikonstantinou
Survival skills for scientists
Women in science : an annotated bibliography
A feeling for the organism : the life and work of Barbara McClintock
Hypatia's heritage : a history of women in science from antiquity to the late nineteenth century
Ladies in the laboratory? : American and British women in science, 1800-1900 : a survey of their contributions to research
Perspectives on gender and science
Common science? : women, science, and knowledge
Gender equality programmes in higher education : international perspectives
Women and scientific employment
Rosalind Franklin : the dark lady of DNA
Can science, steeped in Western, masculine, bourgeois endeavors, nevertheless be used for emancipatory ends? In this major contribution to the debate over the role gender plays in the scientific enterprise, Sandra Harding pursues that question, challenging the intellectual and social foundations of scientific thought.Harding provides the first comprehensive and critical survey of the feminist science critiques, and examines inquiries into the androcentricism that has endured since the birth of modern science. Harding critiques three epistemological approaches: feminist empiricism, which identifies only bad science as the problem; the feminist standpoint, which holds that women's social experience provides a unique starting point for discovering masculine bias in science; and feminist postmodernism, which disputes the most basic scientific assumptions. She points out the tensions among these stances and the inadequate concepts that inform their analyses, yet maintains that the critical discourse they foster is vital to the quest for a science informed by emancipatory morals and politics.
The biographical dictionary of women in science : pioneering lives from ancient times to the mid-20th century. Volume 2, L-Z
Straight studies modified : lesbian interventions in the academy
Something out of nothing : Marie Curie and radium
Science, women and revolution in Russia
Beyond the glass ceiling : university career of female academics in engineering, technology and life sciences
Profiles of 100 Chinese academicians
Can two scientists work and live together? Marie and Pierre Curie proved that it was indeed possible to have a happy marriage and do brilliant research together. This collection of seventeen original essays explores the interplay between marriage and scientific work in the lives of two dozen couples in the nineteenth and twentieth century. It is the first book to discuss the professional and personal lives of scientific couples. For much of this period, marriage was the only acceptable way a woman could gain access to the tools, space, and colleagues indispensable to doing science. Yet, collaboration with her husband could also mean the denial of full credit for her work, inability to move to better jobs, and the juggling of domestic and scientific responsibilities. For the husband, collaboration with his skilled, unpaid wife could bring greater achievements than he might have achieved alone, but also meant the suspicion of his professional peers and the necessity of supporting the household.
Women in science : antiquity through the nineteenth century : a biographical dictionary with annotated bibliography
Sexism, support and survival in academia : the Finnish experience
Gendered innovations : how gender analysis contributes to research : report of the expert group "Innovation through Gender"
Women in academia and equality law : aiming high - falling short? : Denmark, France, Germany, Hungary, Italy, The Netherlands, Sweden, United Kingdom
Reader's guide to the history of science
Women and science : making change happen : proceedings of the conference : Brussels, April 3 to 4 2000
Fair science : women in the scientific community
Temple Grandin
Landscape for a good woman : a story of two lives
The science question in feminism
Women scientists in America. [Vol. 2], Before affirmative action, 1940-1972
Girls can succeed in science! : antidotes for science phobia in boys and girls
Making Marie Curie : intellectual property and celebrity culture in an age of information
Peacock cries at the Three Gorges
Scientist in the picture : Greece, 1900-1980 : situated identities-identities of sites
Women changing science : voices from a field in transition
Lives with science : profiles of senior New Zealand women in science
Womenś research and development opportunities in selected ESCWA member countries
Uneasy careers and intimate lives : women in science 1789-1979
