http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11283 environmental ethics
environmental ethics
"A more sustainable world for all" : ethics in the claimed environmentalism of business actors
Environmental ethics
John Dewey and environmental philosophy
Character and environment : a virtue-oriented approach to environmental ethics
Bounded people, boundless land : envisioning a new land ethic
Hunting, fishing, and environmental virtue : reconnecting sportsmanship and conservation
Much current commentary on climate change, both secular and theological, focuses on the duties of individual citizens to reduce their consumption of fossil fuels. In A Political Theology of Climate Change, however, Michael Northcott discusses nations as key agents in the climate crisis. Against the anti-national trend of contemporary political theology, Northcott renarrates the origins of the nations in the divine ordering of history. In dialogue with Giambattista Vico, Carl Schmitt, Alasdair MacIntyre, and other writers, he argues that nations have legal and moral responsibilities to rule over limited terrains and to guard a just and fair distribution of the fruits of the earth within the ecological limits of those terrains. As part of his study, Northcott brilliantly reveals how the prevalent nature-culture divide in Western culture, including its notion of nature as "private property," has contributed to the global ecological crisis. While addressing real difficulties and global controversies surrounding climate change, Northcott presents substantial and persuasive fare in his Political Theology of Climate Change. -- Publisher
Pragmatism and environmentalism
Consequentialism and environmental ethics
Boundaries : a casebook in environmental ethics
Ecology and environmental ethics : green wood in the bundle of sticks
Ethics of the professions : medicine, business, media, law
Introduction to environmental engineering
Earthbound : new introductory essays in environmental ethics
Understanding ethics
Philosophy and the natural environment
Rapid climate change : causes, consequences, and solutions
Multidisciplinary dialogue : wellbeing, technology and environment : extended abstract book
The ethics of environmental concern
A theory of ecological justice
Environmental ethics and the global marketplace
International yearbook of environmental and resource economics 2002/2003 : a survey of current issues
Redesigning animal agriculture : the challenge of the 21st century
Environmental ethics : an introduction to environmental philosophy
Practical environmental ethics
Thinking ecologically : environmental thought, values, and policy
Environmental ethics : the big questions
Ethics & agenda 21 : moral implications of a global consensus
Against ecological sovereignty : ethics, biopolitics, and saving the natural world
Environmental philosophy : an introduction
The moral challenge of dangerous climate change : values, poverty, and policy
”A more sustainable world for all.” Ethics in the claimed environmentalism of business actors
Only recently have theologians begun to think and write about the ecological crisis in a focused manner. It is clear, however, that people of faith must come to grips with that crisis and find a way of thinking about it in the context of their beliefs. In this book, Willis Jenkins offers an introduction to Christian environemntal ethics. Following observations of lived environmental theologies, he argues that they often draw on concepts and metaphors of grace, thus placing environmental issues within Christian experiences of salvation. Jenkins therefore surveys major strategies of Christian environmental ethics by mapping them onto major traditions of grace and uses this new map to explore afresh the ecological dimensions of three distinctive theologies of grace. Review: Just occasionally in a life of much reviewing one encounters a really major book... [a] theological blockbuster, clearly the fruit of vast reading and keenly intelligent reflection... there are very many riches in the book - explore them for yourself. Christopher Southgate, Reviews in Science and Religion this is a most welcome contribution to current ecotheology, one that would certainly enhance further discourse. Ernst Conradie, Theology
Ethical issues in ecology : case studies
Culture, creativity and environment : new environmentalist criticism
Zen Buddhism and environmental ethics
A civilization of love : the Catholic vision for human society
How much is enough? : Buddhism, consumerism, and the human environment
Public concerns, environmental standards, and agricultural trade
Ecology and the environment : perspectives from the humanities
The ethics of the environment
The environment and you
Practical ethics
European forests and beyond, an ethical discourse
Nature as subject : human obligation and natural community
The sustainability curriculum : the challenge for higher education
Environmental humanities : voices from the anthropocene
Environmental ethics and forestry : a reader
Environment : the science behind the stories
Environmental ethics : readings in theory and application
Ethical markets : growing the green economy
Justice in funding adaptation under the international climate change regime
"This work examines Japanese government policies that impact on the environment in order to determine whether they incorporate a sufficient ethical substance. In the enquiry into the ethics of the policies, Kagawa-Fox explores how Western philosophers combined their theories to develop a 'Western environmental ethics code'; she also reveals the existence of a unique 'Japanese environmental ethics code' built on Japan's cultural traditions, religious practices, and empirical experiences. The discovery of the distinctive Japanese code is not only important for what it discloses as a new philosophy, but most importantly how it can be used to analyse the ethical framework of the Japanese policies. In spite of the positive contributions that Japan has shown towards the global environment, the government has failed to show a corresponding moral obligation to the world ecology in its global environmental policy. The policies examined in the three case studies comprising whaling, nuclear energy, and forestry, have also been found wanting in ecological ethical considerations, both from a Western and Japanese perspective. The main reason for this is that the integrity of the policies has been compromised by Japanese vested interest groups; business and political interests ensure that the policies are primarily focused on maintaining sustainable economic growth. Whilst Japan's global environmental policy initiatives are the key to its economic survival into the 21st century, and these initiatives may achieve their aim, they do however fail the Japanese code of environmental ethics."--Publisher's description.
Eco-phenomenology : back to the earth itself
Biblical prophets and contemporary environmental ethics : re-reading Amos, Hosea and First Isaiah
Bioregionalism and global ethics : a transactional approach to achieving ecological sustainability, social justice, and human well-being
Danube: river of life
In the light of humane nature : human values, nature, the green economy, and environmental salvation
Just ecological integrity : the ethics of maintaining planetary life
Writings on an ethical life
Business ethics : concepts & cases
Business ethics : through times and across contexts
Technology & the future
This collection gathers a set of seminal papers from the emerging area of ethics and climate change. Topics covered include human rights, international justice, intergenerational ethics, individual responsibility, climate economics, and the ethics of geoengineering. Climate Ethics is intended to serve as a source book for general reference, and for university courses that include a focus on the human dimensions of climate change. It should be of broad interest to all those concerned with global justice, environmental science and policy, and the future of humanity.
The Anthropocene project : virtue in the age of climate change
Eco-republic : ancient thinking for a Green Age
Earth community, earth ethics
Ethics and sustainability : sustainable development and the moral life
Environments, natures and social theory : towards a critical hybridity
Charitable food aid in a nordic welfare state : A case for environmental and social injustice
How to be a green liberal : nature, value and liberal philosophy
Ecologies of grace : environmental ethics and Christian Theology
Environmental politics : Britain, Europe and the global environment
Animal liberation, environmental ethics and domestication
Environmental ethics : divergence and convergence
The many faces of responsibility : acceptability of the industry in various societies
Christianity has often been accused for being complicit in ecological destruction. In response, Christian ecotheology offers both a Christian critique of environmental destruction and an ecological critique of Christianity. It thus encourages an ecological reformation of the Christian tradition for the sake of the whole earth. This volume focuses such a dual critique on the content and significance of the Christian faith in order to confront those aspects that may undermine an environmental praxis, ethos and spirituality. Each of the essays explores one of the core Christian symbols, seeks to capture the current state of the debate in this regard, identifies emerging horizons for such an ecological reformation and invites conversation on the road ahead. This volume includes essays on the trinity, Christology, pneumatology, creation, anthropology, natural suffering, providence, sin and salvation, the nature, governance, ministries and missions of the church, eschatological consummation, a Christian ethos, the role of liturgy, religious plurality andunderlying methodological problems. It thus complements several other discourses in ecotheology on biblical hermeneutics, a retrieval of particular traditions, environmental ethics, animal studies, ecclesial praxis, Christian missions and religion and ecology. The volume captures insights emerging from a collaborative research project on 'Christian Faith and the Earth' in which more than one hundred leading ecotheologians from six continents participated since 2007. It builds on the culminating conference of this project held in Cape Town in August 2012. It extends the conversation on the road ahead through inputs from contributing authors and various respondents.
Climate justice : ethics, energy, and public policy
A case for climate engineering
Genetic engineering : opposing viewpoints
Nature, God, and humanity : envisioning an ethics of nature
Creation in crisis : Christian perspectives on sustainability
Judgements in equilibrium? : an ethical analysis of environmental impact assessment
Facing nature : Lévinas and environmental thought
International business : Adjusting to new challenges and opportunities
Green economy and green jobs in China : current status and potentials for 2020
Landscape and sustainability
Watersheds. 2, Ten cases in environmental ethics
Aesth/ethics in environmental change : hiking through the arts, ecology, religion and ethics of the environment
All that dwell therein : animal rights and environmental ethics
A political theology of climate change
Environmental ethics and policy-making
Christian faith and the Earth : current paths and emerging horizons in ecotheology
Ecofeminism and environmental ethics : an analysis of ecofeminist ethical theory
Earth's insights : a survey of ecological ethics from the Mediterranean basin to the Australian outback
The diversity of life
Animal rights : a philosophical defence
Emotional, ethical, and ecological responsibilities toward the environment
Environmental philosophy : from theory to practice
Picture yourself going green : step-by-step instruction for living a budget-conscious, earth-friendly lifestyle in eight weeks or less
Markets, deliberation and environment
Ethics beyond finitude : responsibility towards future generations and nuclear waste management
Nature : an environmental cosmology
Respect for nature : a theory of environmental ethics
Animal revolution : changing attitudes towards speciesism
The sustainable enterprise : profiting from best practice
The Second Vatican Council exhorted the faithful to 'seek the kingdom of God by engaging in temporal affairs and by ordering them according to the plan of God' (Lumen Gentium, 31). The contours of this mission are given by Catholic social teaching and yet, regrettably, this treasure of the Church remains undiscovered by most Catholics. Conscious of this, the popes of the modern age have consistently expressed their desire that this aspect of the Church's doctrine and mission become more widely known. Responding to that desire, this book guides the reader through the major themes of Catholic social teaching by drawing directly upon the primary source of this doctrine, in particular the social encyclicals of the popes from Leo XIII to Benedict XVI. By going back to the source of this doctrine, the author avoids the polemics that sometimes surround social teaching and gives a faithful, clear, precise, and thorough explanation of what the Church has actually said about human society. The author presents Catholic social teaching thematically, exploring in depth such topics as the family, work, economic and political life, human rights, peace, the International Community, and the environment. In addition, he explains the nature, scope, and application of social teaching, as well as expounding its foundational principles including the common good, solidarity, subsidiarity, private property, and the option for the poor.This book is written in an academic but accessible style and is particularly suitable for those who are interested in gaining an authentic understanding of the Catholic Church's vision for human society.
Who are we? The question of a moral agent in environmental ethics
Environmental ethics in Buddhism : a virtues approach
IN DUBIO PRO NATURA? A Philosophical Analysis of the Precautionary Principle in Environmental and Health Risk Governance
Sustainist design guide : How sharing, localism, connectedness and proportionality are creating a new agenda for social design
Understanding business ethics
Applying ethics : a text with readings
Handbook of global environmental politics
The environmental rights revolution : a global study of constitutions, human rights, and the environment
Making peace with the earth : what future for the human species and the planet?
Politics and the environment : from theory to practice
Education for sustainability : becoming naturally smart
International business, sustainability and corporate social responsibility
Museums and the natural environment : the role of natural history museums in biological conservation
International encyclopedia of environmental politics
Consumers' perceptions of ethical products
"Despite three decades of scientists' warnings and environmentalists' best efforts, the political will and public engagement necessary to fuel robust action on global climate change remain in short supply. Katharine K. Wilkinson shows that, contrary to popular expectations, faith-based efforts are emerging and strengthening to address this problem. In the US, perhaps none is more significant than evangelical climate care. Drawing on extensive focus group and textual research and interviews, Between God & Green explores the phenomenon of climate care, from its historical roots and theological grounding to its visionary leaders and advocacy initiatives. Wilkinson examines the movement's reception within the broader evangelical community, from pew to pulpit. She shows that by engaging with climate change as a matter of private faith and public life, leaders of the movement challenge traditional boundaries of the evangelical agenda, partisan politics, and established alliances and hostilities. These leaders view sea-level rise as a moral calamity, lobby for legislation written on both sides of the aisle, and partner with atheist scientists. Wilkinson reveals how evangelical environmentalists are reshaping not only the landscape of American climate action, but the contours of their own religious community. Though the movement faces complex challenges, climate care leaders continue to leverage evangelicalism's size, dominance, cultural position, ethical resources, and mechanisms of communication to further their cause to bridge God and green."--Publisher's website.
Environment, ethics and the corporation
Eating earth : environmental ethics and dietary choice
Climate change and environmental ethics
Life on the brink : environmentalists confront overpopulation
In nature's interests? : interests, animal rights, and environmental ethics
The environmental crisis : understanding the value of nature
Taking action, saving lives : our duties to protect environmental and public health
Philosophy gone wild : essays in environmental ethics
Green architecture
Creation and salvation. Vol. 1, A mosaic of selected classic Christian theologies
The ethics of Japan's global environmental policy : the conflict between principles and practice
Being human : ethics, environment, and our place in the world
The death of our planet's species : a challenge to ecology and ethics
Sound mining in the North : a guide to environmental regulation and best practices supporting social sustainability
Christians trying to "save the planet" have to relate "creation" with "salvation." This volume explores the ways in which classic theologies have approached these tasks.
Environmental ethics and law
Between God and green : how evangelicals are cultivating a middle ground on climate change
Green logic : ecopreneurship, theory and ethics
The ecological community : environmental challenges for philosophy, politics, and morality
The floating time bomb
The ethics of waste : how we relate to rubbish
For thirty years, Peter Singer's Practical Ethics has been the classic introduction to applied ethics. For this third edition, the author has revised and updated all the chapters and added a new chapter addressing climate change, one of the most important ethical challenges of our generation. Some of the questions discussed in this book concern our daily lives. Is it ethical to buy luxuries when others do not have enough to eat? Should we buy meat from intensively reared animals? Am I doing something wrong if my carbon footprint is above the global average? Other questions confront us as concerned citizens: equality and discrimination on the grounds of race or sex; abortion, the use of embryos for research and euthanasia; political violence and terrorism; and the preservation of our planet's environment.
Consumption and everyday life
Gaia in turmoil : climate change, biodepletion, and earth ethics in an age of crisis
Life's intrinsic value : science, ethics, and nature
Ethics for a broken world : imagining philosophy after catastrophe
The Baltic Sea : a common heritage, a shared responsibility : Symposium V, programme 31 May - 8 June 2003
Environmental ethics : an introduction and learning guide
Beyond consumer marketing : sectoral marketing and emerging trends
The moral austerity of environmental decision making : sustainability, democracy, and normative argument in policy and law
The growing literature on Environmental Ethics has ballooned into a separate sub-field within philosophy, involving ethical studies concerning the value of other species, of ecosystems, and of the environment of all living things as a whole. Some consider Environmental Ethics to be a revolution in ethics which will completely change the human-centered orientation of morals and reorient it to include all species, ecosystems or the larger biosphere. This volume explores pragmatist approaches to ethics that can be used for environmental issues. Pragmatism may provide both a more defensible theory.
Environmental ethics : from theory to practice
Environmental philosophy : reason, nature and human concern
The ethics of climate governance
The season of creation : a preaching commentary
The greening of ethics
The role of traditional knowledge in the conservation of biological diversity
Nature's due : healing our fragmented culture
Ecological ethics : an introduction
Reconciling human existence with ecological integrity : science, ethics, economics and law
The Adriatic Sea : a sea at risk, a unity of purpose
The green halo : a bird's-eye view of ecological ethics
Liberation ecology : the reconciliation of natural and human cultures
Greenhouse economics : value and ethics
Conceptual challenges for environmental education : advocacy, autonomy, implicit education and values
Engineering the climate : the ethics of solar radiation management
Environmental biology for engineers and scientists
The coming transformation : values to sustain human and natural communities
Nature, aesthetics, and environmentalism : from beauty to duty
The ethics of technological risk
From me to we : the five transformational commitments required to rescue the planet, your organization, and your life
Defining environmental justice : theories, movements, and nature
A new environmental ethics : the next millennium for life on earth
Overlook : exploring the internal fringes of America with the Center for Land Use Interpretation
International business : the new realities
Determinants of environmental profit : an analysis of the firm-level relationship between environmental performance and economic performance
The Routledge handbook of global ethics
Climate ethics : essential readings
Teach yourself ethical living
Unsanctifying human life : essays on ethics
Environmental ethics : an overview for the twenty-first century
Environmental philosophy in Asian traditions of thought
Environmental ethics : intercultural perspectives
"Examines ethical, religious, and aesthetic dimensions of the environment from several different disciplines related to the humanities including anthropology, literature, philosophy, religious studies, and history, with examples drawn from Confucianism, aboriginal Australia, Moby-Dick, liberal democracies, Ken Wilber, Joanna Macy, and Gary Snyder"--Provided by publisher.
The development of Russian environmental thought : scientific and geographical perspectives on the natural environment
Encyclopedia of environmental ethics and philosophy
