http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11247 Qurʼan
Qurʼan
Encyclopaedia of the Qur'ān. Volume 4, P-Sh
The Qurʼān's legal culture : the Didascalia Apostolorum as a point of departure
Heaven, hell, and the afterlife : eternity in Judaism, Christianity, and Islam. Volume 3, End time and afterlife in Islamic, Buddhist, and indigenous cultures
The Qur'ān and its impact of human history
Bible and Qurʼān : essays in scriptural intertextuality
Al-Mīzān : an exegesis of the Qurʼān
The Holy Qur-ān : English translation of the meanings and commentary
The history of the Qur'ān
Baiḍāwī's commentary on Sūrah 12 of the Qurʻān : text
Translation of the holy Qur-ân : from the original Arabic text with critical essays, life of Muhammad, complete summary of contents
Writing the word of God : calligraphy and the Qur`an
Islamic spirituality and modern science : the scientific bases of Sufism
The wisdom of Islam : an introduction to the living experience of Islamic belief and practice
The mind of the Qur'an : chapters in reflection
A comprehensive commentary on the Qurán : comprising Sale's translation and preliminary discourse, with additional notes and emendations : together with a complete index to the text, preliminary discourse, and notes. Vol. 4, [Chapters 41-114]
A commentary on the Qur'ān. Vol. 1
The Holy Qur'an
Self-referentiality in the Qur'ān
The Qur'ān : a new annotated translation
Textual criticism and Qur'ān manuscripts
The world is facing inhumane and barbaric acts of terrorism which is destroying the peace and has become a major threat to world peace. The Islamic curriculum on peace and counter-terrorism provides resources from the Holy Qur'an, Hadith and authoritative books to provide a comprehensive ideological and theological counter narratives.
Studies in Arabic literary papyri. 2, Qur'ānic commentary and tradition
The Qur'an and its interpreters. Vol. 2, The house of 'Imrān
Peace, integration & human rights
The Qur'an in Islam : its impact and influence on the life of Muslims
Philosophy and the Abrahamic religions : scriptural hermeneutics and epistemology
An enlightening commentary into the light of the Holy Qur'an. Parts 26 & 27
Ramaḍān with the Qurʼān : thirty lessons in thirty days : based on Ḥujjat al-Islām Muhsen Qaraʼati's Tafsīr-i Nūr
Great women in Islam
Christian-Muslim relations : a bibliographical history. Vol. 8, Northern and Eastern Europe 1600-1700
Encyclopaedia of the Qur'ān. Volume 2, E-I
While it is not well known among Christians, Jesus has an important role in the Quaranic literature, and this book examines this provocative topic, focusing on Jesus's role in the eschatology of Islam, especially on the afterlife.
A treasury of the Qur'an. Book 1, The good life
Gender hierarchy in the Qur'an : medieval interpretations, modern responses
Ash-Shafi'i's Risalah : basic ideas : with English translation of the chapters on an-Nāsikh wa-al-Mansūkh
A comprehensive commentary on the Qurán : comprising Sale's translation and preliminary discourse, with additional notes and emendations : together with a complete index to the text, preliminary discourse, and notes. Vol. 1
An Oral-Formulaic Study of the Qurʼan
The meaning of the glorious Qurʼān : text, translation and commentary
The world is facing inhumane and barbaric acts of terrorism which is destroying the world peace. Angry, reactionary voices distort the peaceful message of Islam and present it as a violent ideology that calls for indiscriminate killings and suicidal terrorism. Such voices are denying the possibility of a harmonious coexistence between Muslims and non-Muslims. Under such circumstances there is an urgent need for the authentic voices of Islamic scholarship to reassert the normative, mainstream teachings of Islam. Voices backed by 1400 years of scholarship that represent the creed of the overwhelming majority of the Muslim World. The Islamic Curriculum on Peace and Counter-Terrorism aims to provide resources from the Holy Qur'an, Hadith and authoritative books to provide a comprehensive ideological and theological counter narrative. This timely collection consists of three lectures delivered by the world renowned authority, Shaykh-ul-Islam Dr. Tahir ul-Qadri who has published over 450 books and delivered over 5500 lectures to date.
The Holy Quran and the sciences of nature
A commentary on the Qur'ān. Volume 1 : (Surahs 1-24)
A new approach to the study of the Quran
Qura'nic studies and Shi'a exegesis : a student's guide. Vol. 2
Revelation, rationality, knowledge and truth
The Holy Quran : English translation
'We will tell you the best of stories' : a study on Surah XII
Manuscripts of the Holy Qur'ān from the Mamlūk era
Gnostic apocalypse and Islam : Qur'an, exegesis, messianism and the literary origins of the Babi religion
The Holy Quran
The illustrated encyclopedia of Islam : a comprehensive guide to the history, philosophy and practice of Islam around the world
The formation of the classical tafsīr tradition : the Qurʼān commentary of al-Thaʻlabī (d. 427/1035)
Bell's introduction to the Qur'ān
An enlightening commentary into the light of the Holy Qur'an. Part 1
The English translation of the Holy Qur'an. Volume 1 : Surahs 1-3: based on M. H. Shakir's : with the Arabian text
Verses from the glorious Koran and the facts of science
The Koran : interpreted
A dictionary and glossary of the Kor-ân : with copious grammatical references and explanations of the text
Islam on love and non-violence
The Qur'an as text
The Qur'an : an introduction
The Qur'an : a biography
The idea of divine hardening : a comparative study of the notion of divine hardening, leading astray and inciting to evil in the Bible and the Qur'an
Introduction to the sciences of the Qur'an. Volume 1
With reverence for the word : medieval scriptural exegesis in Judaism, Christianity, and Islam
New perspectives on the Qur'an : the Qur'an in its historical context 2
The Quran : a new interpretation
If the oceans were ink : an unlikely friendship and a journey to the heart of the Quran
Introduction to the Qur'an
The Holy Qur'ān : Arabic text and English translation
The Holy Qur-ān : English translation of "The meanings and commentary"
Introduction to the Qur'ān
The Quran and its biblical subtext
A course in the science of reciting the Qur'ān = ʻIlm al-taǧwīd
The Qur'ān basic teachings : an anthology of selected passages from the Qur'ān, translated into contemporary English with an introduction to the message of the Qur'ān
An ancient Syriac translation of the Kur'an exhibiting new verses and variants
The Bible and the Qur'an
The Qurʾan : the basics
Al Koraan al karim = The holy Qur-an
Islamic curriculum on peace and counter terrorism : for young people and students
Christian-Muslim relations : a bibliographical history. Vol. 7, Central and Eastern Europe, Asia, Africa and South America (1500-1600)
Qur. 53:19, the prophetic experience and the "Satanic verses" : a reconsideration
Micro-level analyses of the Qur ̉ān
Muhammad's thoughts of death : a thematic study of the Qur'anic data
The Qurʼan : an encyclopedia
An anthology of Qurʼanic commentaries. Vol. 1, On the nature of the divine
The Qurʼān in context : historical and literary investigations into the Qurʼānic milieu
New text book for young muslims : Arabic-English-Somali
Heaven on earth : a journey through Shari'a law
In defense of the Bible : a critical edition and an introduction to al-Biqāʻī's Bible treatise
The world is facing a great dilemma due to despicable, inhumane and barbaric acts of terrorism, indiscriminate killings, warfare, anarchy, disorder and suicide bombings over the past two decades. It is not only destroying the peace of any specific region, group or country but has become a major threat to world peace. Young People and Students living in various western countries who do not have conceptual clarity regarding Islam are wrongly considering terrorism and indiscriminate killing to be Jihad and are being drawn towards it. By quoting the Qur'an, hadith and texts from the books of Islamic Law out of context, they influence common Muslims who are not acquainted with the true teachings of Islam, especially youngsters. There is a need to provide authentic, comprehensive material against extremism to all people, from every walk of life, according to their needs, so that the conceptual and ideological confusions which may lead to terrorism can be eliminated. The  Islamic curriculum on peace and counter-terrorism was prepared for this purpose.
Meditations through the Quran : tonal images in an oral culture
The book tries to demonstrate the scientific reality of Islamic spirituality and clarify the misunderstandings and confusions about Islamic spirituality on scientific grounds. Scientific orthodoxy refers to magnetic sensitivity in human beings, electromagnetic energies that permeate our atmosphere, the flow of positive and negative ions in the atmosphere affecting human brain activity, the function of the pineal gland and many other empirical sources of transcendent experience that are yet to be investigated. This magnetic energy basis of spiritual experience, which the scientific camp has been forced into revealing, has proved to be a welcome development of modern science from the point of view of Islamic spirituality.
Islam on serving humanity
The Qur'ān : an introduction
The glorious Qur'an and modern science
The holy Qur-àn : transliteration in Roman script
An introduction to Koranic and classical Arabic : an elementary grammar of the language
A challenge to Islam for reformation : the rediscovery and reliable reconstruction of a comprehensive pre-Islamic Christian hymnal hidden in the Koran under earliest Islamic reinterpretations
The meaning of the word : lexicology and Qur'anic exegesis
Encyclopaedia of the Qur'ān. Volume 5, Si-Z
An enlightening commentary into the light of the Holy Qur'an. Part 24
The Qur'an, in its use of allusions, depends on the Biblical knowledge of its audience. This book challenges the scholarly notion that the Qur'an must be interpreted through the medieval commentaries shaped by the biography of the prophet Muhammad, and argues that the text is best read in light of Christian and Jewish scripture.
The Bible, the Quran and science : the Holy Scriptures examined in the light of modern knowledge
The Qur'ān. Vol. 1
Christian-Muslim relations : a bibliographical history. Volume 11, South and East Asia, Africa and the Americas (1600-1700)
The Koran
Structure and Qur'anic interpretation : a study of symmetry and coherence in Islam's holy text
Lessons on Islamic doctrine. Book 2, The seal of the prophets and his message
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 6, The Qur'ān, Part 1
Keys to the Arcana : Shahrastānī's esoteric commentary on the Qurʼan : a translation of the commentary on Sūrat al-Fātiḥa from Muḥammad b. ʻAbd al-Karīm al-Shahrastānī's Mafātīḥ al-asrār wa maṣābīḥ al-abrār
Su'ubāt fī tarǧamat al-Qur'ān = Difficulties in translating the Qur'ān
The Qurʼan : an introduction
Abraham's sacrifice in the Qur'an : beyond the body
The holy verses : in reply to Salman Rushdie's The Satanic verses
Islam, 'aslama and muslim
A comprehensive commentary on the Qurán : comprising Sale's translation and preliminary discourse, with additional notes and emendations : together with a complete index to the text, preliminary discourse, and notes
The divine system : the Quran and islam : a progressive view
The glimpse : the inner teaching of Abu Hamid Muhammad al-Ghazzali's Mishkat al-Anwar (The Niche for lights)
The Cambridge companion to the Qur'ān
The Gospel of Barnabas
An enlightening commentary into the light of the Holy Qur'an. Parts 28-29
Three testaments : Torah, Gospel, and Quran
Qur'an and the Bible : studies in interpretation and dialogue
Introduction to the sciences of the Qur'an. Volume 2
Interpreting the Qur'an : a guide for the uninitiated
The collection of the Qur'ān
The topic of love and non-violence in Islam, in an environment imbued with intolerance, extremism and terrorism, is very significant. This book portrays how loving humanity and eliminating violence are key in all the Islamic teachings and are evident in the conduct of Allah's exalted Messenger. Islam eliminated hatred through love, terrorism through peace and ignorance through knowledge. This book portrays how love, peace and knowledge form the very essence of Islam.
Modern muslim Koran interpretation (1880-1960)
Do the Qur'an and the Didascalia Apostolorum share a legal culture, as the laws and the legal narratives of both texts suggest? Holger Michael Zellentin assesses the close affinity between both texts in light of the chronological, linguistic, and religious differences that separate them, offering new insights on the communities of Late Antique Judaism, Christianity, and the Qur'an.
Approaches to the Qur'ān
Islamic curriculum on peace and counter terrorism : for clerics, imams and teachers
Understanding the Qur'an : themes and style
Muhammad : aspects of his biography
The religion of Islam : a standard book and companion and introductory to al Qur'an. Vol. 2
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 9, The Qur'ān, Part 2
Abu al-Qāsim al-Qushairī as a theologian and commentator : a critique of his age and of his work on the Qur'ānic Exegesis
Islam and the destiny of man
Sufi hermeneutics : the Qurʾan commentary of Rashīd al-Dīn Maybudī
Jesus in the Qur'ān
What the Koran really says : language, text, and commentary
Christ in Islam
Encyclopaedia of the Qur'ān. Volume 3, J-O
A comprehensive commentary on the Qurán : comprising Sale's translation and preliminary discourse, with additional notes and emendations : together with a complete index to the text, preliminary discourse, and notes. Vol. 2, [Chapters 3-13]
Interpreting classical religious texts in contemporary Africa
Schools of Koranic commentators
Dreams & visions in the world of Islam : a history of Muslim dreaming and foreknowing
Adam redivivus : Muslim elaborations of the Adam saga with special reference to the Indonesian literary traditions
The holy Qur-an : english translation of the meanings and commentary
The Qur'ān and its exegesis : selected texts with classical and modern Muslim interpretations
Zahra (P) in Quran and Sunnah
Al-Qurʼan : the miracle of miracles
"This book investigates the manner in which the Qur®an and sunna depict female personalities in their narrative literature. Providing a comprehensive study of all the female personalities mentioned in the Qur®an, the book is selective in the personalities of the sunna, examining the three prominent women of Ahl al-Bayt; Khadija, Fatima, and Zaynab. Analysing the major sources of Imami Shi°i Islam, including the exegetical compilations of the eminent Shi°i religious authorities of the classical and modern periods, as well as the authoritative books of Shi°i traditions, this book finds that the varieties of female personalities are portrayed as human beings on different stages of the spiritual spectrum. They display feminine qualities, which are often viewed positively and are sometimes commendable traits for men, at least as far as the spiritual domain is concerned. The theory, particularly regarding women's humanity, is then tested against the depiction of womanhood in the hadith literature, with special emphasis on Nahj al-Balagha. Contributing a fresh perspective on classical materials, this book will be of interest to students and scholars of Islamic Studies, Women's Studies and Shi°i Studies"--
A comprehensive commentary on the Qurán : comprising Sale's translation and preliminary discourse, with additional notes and emendations : together with a complete index to the text, preliminary discourse, and notes. Vol. 3, [Chapters 14-40]
Some examples of the practices of the Messenger of Love : manners of life in the City of Paradise
The Blackwell companion to the Qurʾān
The Qur'an : formative interpretation
Female personalities in the Qur'an and Sunna : examining the major sources of Imami Shi'i Islam
Christian-Muslim relations : a bibliographical history. Vol. 6, Western Europe (1500-1600)
The dream in Islam : from Qur'anic tradition to Jihadist inspiration
Qura'nic studies and Shi'a exegesis : a student's guide. Vol. 1
The essential Koran : the heart of Islam : an introductory selection of readings from the Qur'an
Decoding the Quran : a unique Sufi interpretation
The meaning of the glorious Koran
A concise dictionary of Koranic Arabic
The Qurʼan and the West
A commentary on the Qur'ān. Volume 2 : (Surahs 25-114)
The focus of this book is upon consciously and proactively serving those in need, be they of any colour, creed or religion. Islam admonishes those who fail to see and address the needs of the poor, weak, elderly, oppressed, orphans, widows, refugees, travelers and prisoners. All possible means of serving humanity have been highlighted by citing the example of the Holy Prophet Muhammad and that of pious members of the Muslim community; thereby directing the attention of modern-day Muslims to this crucial and forgotten asset of Islam.
Muhammad, the apostle of God, and his ascension. 5, King and saviour
