http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11238 economic effects
economic effects
An economic analysis of civil suits and appeals
Regional economic effects of universities : the impact of knowledge production on private investments : paper presented at the Binational Congress on Conditions and Effects of Location Considerations of Industrial Organizations, Regional Science Association, Herzliah (Israel), 31 October - 4 November, 1988
Tourism: good or bad? : impacts of tourism in Tanzania
The spread of Foot-and-mouth disease (FMD) within Finland and emergency vaccination in case of an epidemic outbreak
State of Finlands forests 2007 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
Annapurna trekking tourism's impact on economy
Information economics
Decoupling the environmental impacts of transport from economic growth
Recommendations on environmental and socioeconomic issues and concerns in Northern timberline forests
The Impact of Religious Tourism on Nepalese Economy
Evaluation of events : Scandinavian experiences
Impact of globalization of the world economy on the transboundary labor migration in the Russian border region Karelia
EU enlargement and the common agricultural policy : the case of Slovenia
Article deals with foreign labour migration influence on both qualitative and quantitative human capital parameters. Three global challenges negatively affecting human capital in a recipient-country were found out: low-skilled migrants; contradictions in the present-day migration processes; non-application of competence-based approach towards foreign labour migrants. Authors elaborated a number of recommendations on migration policy for Russian authorities to overcome these disadvantages..
Ageing and economic performance : dilemmas and dichotomies
Conversion to organic wine production : exploring the economic performance impacts
Migrants : partners in development co-operation
Tariffs, taxes and electronic commerce : revenue implications for developing countries
Wildlife tourism : impacts, management and planning
Forest conservation and strategic investments in forest industry
OECD science, technology and industry scoreboard
The Soviet impact on the western world
Digital state : how the Internet is changing everything
Seven analytic chapters in this book pursue the massive changes wrought in Britain between 1970 and 1990. They look in detail at the changes in international relations, landscape and townscape, social framework, family and welfare structures, economic policies and realities and government which had occurred by 1990.
Global creative industries
Sustainable development : case: energy production in Namibia
Economics of crime : theory and practice
On the economics of corporate social responsibility
Privatisation in Sub-Saharan Africa : where do we stand?
Jyväskylä Paviljonki and it's impact on tourism in Jyväskylä
Impacts of changes in forest and economic policy and business preconditions in Russia and Finland
Economic decisions in farm animal health : international worshop held at Research Centre Foulum, 9-10. November 2006
Economics of climate change : the contribution of forestry projects
Economic-ecological interactions in sustainable use of forest resources
The economics of standards : theory, evidence, policy
Deregulation as a means to increase competition and productivity : some Finnish experiences
Vastine rahalle : kannanottoja terveyden edistämisen kustannusvaikuttavuuteen = Value for money : the cost-effectiveness of health promotion
Culinary tourism : the hidden harvest : a dozen hot and fresh reasons how culinary tourism creates economic and community development
Second home tourism in Finland : perceptions of citizens and municipalities on the state and development of second home tourism
Forest ecosystem restoration : ecological and economical impacts of restoration processes in secondary coniferous forests : proceedings of the International Conference held in Vienna, Austria 10.-12. April, 2000
Global tourism
Sports economics
This book investigates the EU's regional growth dynamics and, in particular, the reasons why peripheral and socio-economically disadvantaged areas have persistently failed to catch up with the rest of the Union. It shows that the capability of the knowledge-based growth model to deliver its expected benefits to these areas crucially depends on tackling a specific set of socio-institutional factors which prevents innovation from being effectively translated into economic growth. The book takes an eclectic approach to the territorial genesis of innovation and regional growth by combining different theoretical strands into one model of empirical analysis covering the whole EU-25. An in-depth comparative analysis with the United States is also included, providing significant insights into the distinctive features of the European process of innovation and its territorial determinants. The evidence produced in the book is extensively applied to the analysis of EU development policies.
Technological trends and challenges in electronics : dominance of the industrialized world and responses in the third world
Local development benefits from staging global events
The Economics of sport
Agricultural and economic-wide effects of European enlargements : modelling the common agricultural policy
Linkages of forest industry in the economy of the state of Paraná, Brazil : an input-output analysis
Health economics and outcome studies on type 2 diabetes education and screening in a Chinese population
Tourism and poverty alleviation : recommendations for action
Russian August 1998 economic crisis effected Baltic countries more than was expected.Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania have sunk into recession.Russia remained a key trading partner and a sizeable market for all three Baltic republics’ exporters also after the declaration of independence despite the sometimes tense political situation.Current year’s figures show a heavy decline in Baltic’s exports to Russia and also decline in the growth of these economies.Growth forecasts for each Baltic country have been revised down.Food and beverage as well as processing industries as a whole have suffered the most.The decline of purchasing power in Russia due to the rouble devaluation and the weaknesses in the Russian economy will restrain Baltic countries’ exports to Russia for years to come.  Keywords: Baltic countries, foreign trade, Russia .
The economics of natural and unnatural disasters
Economic Impact of Ecotourism in Mount Cameroon Region
A fundamental belief in personal liberty and in the ability of free markets to realise the good lies at the heart of the neoliberal economic orthodoxy that has now shaped public policy for a generation. Confidence in orthodox economics has, however, been badly shaken by the financial crisis of 2008 and, in the years following, by the effects of the Great Recession. The era of casino banking was not only an era of de-industrialisation and under-employment, but also of iniquitous tax avoidance schemes, and of grotesquely inflated levels of social inequality. Such factors, we now realise, have reduced the life-prospects of millions of our fellow-citizens. This interdisciplinary volume of essays, with wide-ranging contributions by theologians and social scientists, explores the theological, economic, and moral implications of these developments. Its central claim is that neoliberalism's failure to appreciate the limitations of its fiduciary commitments contributed massively to the economic crisis. A more honest appraisal of the relation between the language of belief and the sphere of economic behaviour is therefore required. This must also result in appropriate policy changes, to harness the power of the economy to serve a more generous vision of the human good.
Economic impact of measurement technology
Estimates of cost of crime : history, methodologies, and implications
Race for Retirement
The impacts of permanent shoreline residential housing on municipal economies.
Measuring the role of tourism in Estonian economy
The economics of tourism. Volume 2
Tourism : change, impacts and opportunities
Globalization : the key concepts
New perspectives on globalization
Propagation of financial shocks : empirical studies of financial spillovers
Biological invasions : economic and environmental costs of alien plant, animal, and microbe species
The Finnish sugar sector and its multiplier effects
Football labor emigrations within globalization and the sample of Turkey
The economics of tourism. Volume 1
Confronting collapse : the crisis of energy & money in a post peak oil world : a 25-point program for action
Fire management : global assessment 2006 : a thematic study prepared in the framework of the Global forest resources assessment 2005.
An introduction to regional economics
Consequences of economic change in circumpolar regions
Population aging and the generational economy : a global perspective
Narconomics : how to run a drug cartel
Economic implications of pollution control : a general assessment
Beyond the scoreboard : an insider's guide to the business of sport
Handbook of new institutional economics
State of Finland's forests 2007 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
Annapurna Trekking Tourism's impact on Economy
Foreign labor migration and human capital development in Russia
Economic contribution of copyright-based industries in Finland 2005-2008
The ultimate guide to assessing and exploiting the customer value and revenue potential of the Cloud A new business model is sweeping the world--the Cloud. And, as with any new technology, there is a great deal of fear, uncertainty, and doubt surrounding cloud computing. Cloudonomics radically upends the conventional wisdom, clearly explains the underlying principles and illustrates through understandable examples how Cloud computing can create compelling value--whether you are a customer, a provider, a strategist, or an investor. Cloudonomics covers everything you need to consider for the delivery of business solutions, opportunities, and customer satisfaction through the Cloud, so you can understand it--and put it to work for your business. Cloudonomics also delivers insight into when to avoid the cloud, and why. * Quantifies how customers, users, and cloud providers can collaborate to create win-wins * Reveals how to use the Laws of Cloudonomics to define strategy and guide implementation * Explains the probable evolution of cloud businesses and ecosystems * Demolishes the conventional wisdom on cloud usage, IT spend, community clouds, and the enterprise-provider cloud balance Whether you're ready for it or not, Cloud computing is here to stay. Cloudonomics provides deep insights into the business value of the Cloud for executives, practitioners, and strategists in virtually any industry--not just technology executives but also those in the marketing, operations, economics, venture capital, and financial fields.
The war of wealth : the true story of globalization, or why the flat world is broken
Summary (s. 9-12).
Economic importance of parcel structure on Finnish farms
Regional economic structures in Finland : analyses of location and regional economic impact
Economics of education
The Global economics of sport
Tourism and regional growth : an empirical study of the alternative growth paths for Hawaii
The development of cross-border economic relations
Dynamics of EU corporate governance regulation : nordic perspectives
The lever of riches : technological creativity and economic progress
Knowledge, space, economy
Examples of alien pathogens in Finnish potato production - their introduction, establishment and consequences
Living with storm damage to forests
This volume examines the relationship between Nordic social policy and economic development from a comparative perspective. It identifies the driving forces behind the development of the Nordic welfare model and the problems and dilemmas the model is facing at present. The book also traces the link between democratization and social policy, drawing attention to the role of the state and non-governmental organizations. Social Policy and Economic Development in Nordic Countries examines Nordic social policies on unemployment, social care, family, education and health care policies, and reviews future challenges of the welfare state in the information society.
Estimating the economic impacts of festivals and events : a research guide
Regional economic significance of non-wood forest products in comparison with forestry and forest industries in Arkhangelsk, Russia
Valuing climate change : the economics of the greenhouse
The Cambridge illustrated history of warfare : the triumph of the West
Tourism and Sustainable Community Development in Nepal
Economic analysis of travelling : studies on travel behaviour in Finland
Proceedings of the Conference on Policy Instruments for Safeguarding Forest Biodiversity - Legal and Economic Viewpoints : the Fifth International BIOECON Conference 15th-16th January 2004, House of Estates, Helsinki
A European cultural revolution : the Council of Europe's "Charter on Invertebrates"
Production frontier methods in environmental performance measurement and analysis
Cloudonomics : the business value of cloud computing
Economics of sport
Scholarly communications : a history from content as king to content as kingmaker
Patient no more : the politics of breast cancer
Performance of alternative policies in addressing environmental dimensions of multifunctionality
The economic impacts of fair trade in tourism
Host country effects of foreign direct investment : the case of developing and transition economies
Tourism: Good or Bad? : Impacts of tourism in Tanzania
The globalization reader
Finding a role? : the United Kingdom, 1970-1990
When marriage ends : economic and social consequences of partnership dissolution
The university as urban developer : case studies and analysis
Tourism in Europe : trends 1995-98
The tourism-development nexus in Namibia : a study on national tourism policy and local tourism enterprises' policy knowledge
The environmental effectiviness of alternative agri-environmental policy reforms : theoretical and empirical analysis
S-P-A-C-E tourism : economic and technical evaluation of suborbital s-p-a-c-e flight for tourism
Divergences in the Nordic Model : economic consequences of partnership dissolution in Sweden and Finland
The adverse health consequences of air pollution are of concern currently and there is a fear that these consequences escalate along with economic growth. The effect of economic growth on air pollution deaths is analyzed in Denmark, Finland, and Sweden by applying the Environmental Kuznets Curve approach, according to which economic growth has competing effects on air pollution and related deaths. On the one hand, emissions tend to increase as the scale of economic activity increases, but on the other hand, consumers and firms in richer countries use cleaner goods and adopt cleaner technologies. In Denmark and Finland, the latter effects are stronger, while in Sweden the opposite is true. Therefore, air pollution deaths will decrease in Denmark and Finland but increase in Sweden. Since country's own emissions do not determine air pollution completely, the paper briefly analyzes emissions from the Baltic countries and Russia. .
The regional economic role of universities : the dark side of university
Exporting paradise : tourism and development in Mexico
Law and capitalism : what corporate crises reveal about legal systems and economic development around the world
The economics of the multilingual workplace
Alternative ways of measuring technology spillovers : results with Finnish data
Assessing energy efficiency potential in the building stock : method for estimating the potential for improvements and their economic effects
Effects of the U.S. banking crisis in 2008: evidence from international stock markets
Summary (s. 15-18).
Exodus : immigration and multiculturalism in the 21st century
Air Pollution Mortality in Denmark, Finland, and Sweden
The consequences of the crisis of the 1990s to the Nordic welfare state : Finland and Sweden
Socioeconomic and environmental impacts of biofuels : evidence from developing nations
The analysis of economic costs and expenses in road and rail transport
Economic impacts on the forest sector of increasing forest biodiversity conservation in Finland
Branded : branding in sport business
Social networks and the economics of sports
Tourism: Change, Impacts and Opportunities provides a comprehensive and balanced discussion of the impacts of tourism. The authors address the nature of tourism and tourists and the economic, physical and social impact that can result from their activity. New approaches to impact assessment are also considered. A wide range of examples from developed and developing countries illustrate the points raised in the text. This timely and perceptive book is essential reading for anyone involved in tourism planning or development and is also suitable for students of geography, planning, economics and sociology.
Baltic economies in 1998-1999 : Effects of the Russian  financial crisis
Indigenous community festivals - Top End : an evaluation using Encore event evaluation kit
The economics of association football. Volume 1
How to pay for the war : a radical plan for the chancellor of the exchequer
Tourism satellite account (TSA) : implementation project
Big picture economics : how to navigate the new global economy
Informational mobility and productivity : Finnish evidence
Financial effects of "Stockholm 2000" on the public sector : an economic impact analysis of a millennium festival
American financial crisis and its impact to Shanghai people in 2007-2008
The cruise experience : global and regional issues in cruising
The SAGE handbook of international social work
Economic impact of sport mega-event on host country's economy : forecast for Euro 2010 in Poland
Agricultural reform in China : getting institutions right
This article aims to discuss one of the phenomena of globalization: the impact of migration on sports, using football players in Turkey as an example. By presenting examples from both national and international sports teams, the growing number of migrant football players and their role in the capitalist economy is examined as it pertains to sport, as well as how they are treated within that system, economically and legally. The emigration of football players requires a social, economic, political and cultural evaluation. The article is focused on the rights and freedom, civilly and labor-wise, of emigrant football players who are brought to or come to Turkey..
Social implications and challenges of e-business
The Economics of sports
Economic impact of tourism development : an Indian experience
Sectoral EU-trading and other climate policy options : impacts on the Swedish economy
Summary.
Executive summary (s. 9-16).
Innovation policy in a global economy
An introduction to the law and economics of environmental policy : issues in institutional design
Remittances, migration and social development : a conceptual review of literature
Socio-economic Challenges in the Mining Industry : four Cases from the Barents Region
The socio-economic impact of air transport on small regions in Finland : case study: the Kokkola-Pietarsaari airport region
The place of conventional economics in a world with communities and social goods
Behind the myth of European Union : prospects for cohesion
Social policy and economic development in the Nordic countries
State of Finland's Forest 2011 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
God and the financial crisis : essays on faith, economics, and politics in the wake of the Great Recession
The great escape : health, wealth, and the origins of inequality
Labor migration in the border region is one of the important processes of interaction of neighboring countries. This process intensifies in a globalizing world economy. The article presents a study of international labor migration from the Republic of Karelia, Russia. The article presents the Karelia's labor migration and make an analysis of how well they'correspond to the world trends of labor migration; highlights of the institutional conditions for migration of population in Karelia; the method of research and the results of the study; proposals for authorities in regulation of migration flows at regional level in a globalizing world economy..
Economic consequences of Paratuberculosis control in dairy cattle herds
Transport and tourism : global perspectives
Studies in the macroeconomic implications of firm entry and exit
Most pathogens on potato have been imported into Finland via contaminated seed more than hundred years ago. The history of migration and the consequences for potato production of potato wart, blackleg and soft rot, Potato mop-top virus (PMTV) and its vector powdery scab are reviewed as examples of economically important and biologically different potato pathogens. Potato wart spread alarmingly during 1920-1960. Plant quarantine acts and the use of resistant cultivars were successful in eradicating the disease. The pathogens causing blackleg and soft rot increased rapidly in 1960-1970. Development of seed certification schemes after the end of the 1970s decreased disease incidence and made the disease insignificant other than for seed potato production. Introduction of new strains of blackleg bacteria in 2003 caused the disease again to become a considerable threat to potato production. PMTV was imported into Finland in the 1970s where it spread rapidly, especially in starch potato production. Currently it is common in all potato production except that of seed potato. The disease cannot be eradicated but contamination of clean fields can be prevented. New diseases can spread to Finland in future but population changes of existing pathogens have recently caused more problems than species completely new to Finland.
Value-added bioproducts or renewable energy derived from lignin? : comparative regional economic and environmental impact assessment : case Metsä Group's bioproduct mill in Äänekoski
Why is the corporation tax not not neutral? : anticipated tax reform, investing spurts and corporate borrowing
The world is flat : a brief history of the twenty-first century
Economic importance of copyright industries in Finland : Finnish copyright industires in 1997 : final report
Arts and artists from an economic perspective
The economics of association football. Volume 2
Innovation and regional growth in the European Union  : advances in spatial science
Economic impact of museums
Socio-economic assessment about the establishment of new national parks in Karelia
