http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11297 turtles
turtles
Medicine and surgery of tortoises and turtles
Keeping a pet tortoise : how to set up home for a new tortoise and keep it in the best of health and condition
Turtles in the terrarium
Franklin goes to the hospital, Franklin and the Tooth Fairy ; Finders keepers for Franklin
Little turtle and the song of the sea
Sea turtles are affected by a range of different factors, some natural and others caused by human activities, including fishing operation. As a result, all sea turtles species whose conservation status has been assessed are considered to be threatened or endangered. These guidelines provide assistance for the preparation of national or multilateral fisheries management measures and industry initiatives that may help to conserve sea turtles by reducing the negative impacts that fisheries may have on them. They present our best understanding of how to reduce the proportion of caught turtles that are killed as a result of interactions with marine capture fisheries. These guidelines include information about how to change fishing gear and fishing methods and how the fishing industry can adopt voluntary approaches to reduce sea turtle mortality.--Publisher's description.
The guide to owning a tortoise
Barron's exotic pets handbook  : a family guide to buying, caring for, and breeding unusual pets
The postcranial morphology of Meiolania platyceps and a review of the Meiolaniidae
Guidelines to reduce sea turtle mortality in fishing operations
Snakes & reptiles : a portrait of the animal world
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles : order from chaos. volume 14
Tortoise : a guide to selection, housing, care, nutrition, health, breeding and species
Dabagaalle iyo diin = The hare and the tortoise
Turtle's penguin day
World animal science. 100 4, Production of aquatic animals : crustaceans, molluscs, amphibians and reptiles
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles : Mutants in Manhattan : PS3
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles : out of the shadows
The proper care of reptiles
Franklin and the baby-sitter
The amazing tale of Ali Pasha
Franklin and Harriet
Box turtles : keeping & breeding them in captivity
A complete guide to reptiles of Australia
Everything you need to know about snakes and other scaly reptiles
Turtles as a new pet
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles : amazing adventures. Volume 3.
The hare & the tortoise
Franklin says I love you
Hands-on herpetology : exploring ecology and conservation
Mummy is that you?
Veterinary management of tortoises and turtles
Life in cold blood
Hurry up and slow down
The hare and the tortoise
Biology of North American tortoises
Tortoises and how to keep them
Franklin's canoe trip
Creatures of the deep
Exotic pet handbook : a guide to buying, caring for and breeding unusual pets
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles : Mutants in Manhattan : Xbox 360.
Lonesome George : the life and loves of the world's most famous tortoise
Anaesthesia of exotic pets
One tiny turtle
The fauna of India and the adjacent countries : Reptilia. Vol. 1 , (testudines and crocodilians)
A home for little tortoise
Franklin goes to the hospital
Turtles and tortoises
50 really exotic pets : a fur-and-feather-free guide to the most lovable tarantulas, tortoises, snakes, frogs, lizards and other creatures
Teenage mutant ninja turtles : danger of the ooze : Nintendo 3DS
Too-slow tortoises!
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles : Mutants in Manhattan : Xbox One
Pocket guide to the reptiles and amphibians of East Africa
Ladybird stories for 4 year olds
New Holland reptile and amphibian guide
Practical reptile keeping : Helsinki
Map turtles and diamondback terrapins
A global strategy for the conservation of marine turtles
Robot Turtles
Shredder has a plan to mutate the city. Can the Turtles stop him? – Teksti takakannessa.
Tess the sea turtle fairy
The living marine resources of the Western Central Pacific. Vol. 6, Bony fishes part 4 (Labridae to Latimeriidae), estuarine crocodiles, sea turtles, sea snakes and marine mammals
Turtles & tortoises of the world
Is it possible to preserve the Pond Turtle Emys orbicularis in the northernmost parts of its distribution?
Sea turtle nesting activity in the State of Florida 1979-1992
ALL ABOUT THE TURTLE
Designer reptiles and amphibians
Turtles : everything about purchase, care, nutrition, and behavior
Snakes & reptiles : a potrait of the animal world
FAO species catalogue. Vol. 11, Sea turtles of the world : an annotated and illustrated catalogue of sea turtle species known to date
Turtles : the animal answer guide
Teenage mutant ninja turtles : danger of the ooze : Xbox 360
Battling robots and eating pizza are all in a night's work for the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. – Teksti takakannessa.
Reptiles & amphibians
Catalog of type specimens of recent Crocodilia and Testudines in the National Museum of Natural History, Smithsonian Institution
Finders keepers for Franklin
Reptiles of the world : the crocodilians, lizards, snakes, turtles and tortoises of the eastern and western hemispheres
FAO field project reports on aquaculture : indexed bibliography, 1966-1995
Junior pet care: turtles
Snakes and reptiles
A step by step book about turtles
Encyclopedia of pets & pet care : the essential family reference guide to pet breeds and pet care
Teenage mutant ninja turtles : danger of the ooze : Nintendo PS3
MATELIJAT JA SAMMAKKOELÄIMET
Follow the moon home : a tale of one idea, twenty kids, and a hundred sea turtles
The ultimate encyclopedia of small pets and petcare : the essential family reference guide to caring for the most popular pet species and breeds, including small mammals, birds, herptiles, invertebrates, and fish
Pet owner's guide to the tortoise
Kay Thompson's Eloise : a book for precocious grown-ups
Teenage mutant ninja turtles : danger of the ooze : PlayStation 3
My turtle
Turtles : keeping & breeding them in captivity
The guide to owning a tortoise : selecting, identification, housing, feeding, breeding, hygiene, fully illustrated
The proper care of turtles
Too mush ooze!
Explore the deadly world of bugs, snakes, spiders, crocodiles and hundreds of other amazing reptiles and insects : the dramatic lives and conflicts of the world's strangest creatures shown in 1500 amazing close-up photographs
Teenage mutant ninja turtles : the ultimate collection. volume 4
Amazing ocean 3D
Hi, Harry!
Turtles as a Hobby
Franklin is bossy ; Franklin plays the game ; Franklin is messy
Turtles for home and garden
Terry the flying turtle
Tortoises and turtles
Always remember
Keys to success in a community-based management program for yellow-spotted river turtle (Podocnemis unifilis) in Pacaya Samiria national reserve, Peru
The foolish tortoise
Small gods : a Discworld novel
Reproduction in the Suwannee cooter : Pseudemys concinna suwanniensis
When Old Turtle dies and is taken back by the sea, his friends remember that he was a wonderful teacher and friend who made his world a better place.
Franklin and the thunderstorm
A mummy for Owen
Bear and turtle and the great lake race
Turtles of the world
