http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1125 Arctic raspberry
Arctic raspberry Rubus arcticus Arctic bramble
Aineen Kuvataidesäätiön taidekokoelma : Aineen taidemuseo = Aines Bildkonststiftelses samling : Aines konstmuseum = Collection of the Aine Pictorial Art Foundation : The Aine Art Museum / [toimittaja: Katriina Pietilä-Juntura]
Variability of Peronospora sparsa (syn. P. rubi) in Finland as measured by amplified fragment length polymorphism
Nuorten 27. näyttely : Helsingin Taidehalli = De ungas 27. utställning : Helsingfors Konsthall = The exhibition of the young artists : 1.7. - 4.8.1974
Incompatibility classes and fruit set in natural populations of arctic bramble (Rubus arcticus L.) in Finland
Aineen kuvataidesäätiön taidekokoelma : Aineen taidemuseo = Aines Bildkonststiftelses samling : Aines konstmuseum = Collection of the Aine Pictorial Art Foundation : The Aine Art Museum / [toimittaja: Katriina Pietilä-Juntura]
Description of three new arctic bramble cultivars and proposal for cultivar identification
Rubus arcticus l. and its cultivation
Identification of volatile aroma compounds in arctic bramble, Rubus arcticus L., and their development during the ripening of the berry, with special reference to Rubus stellatus SM
Summary: The largest number of visitors and visits to cloudberry was observed during the afternoon and middle of the day, and the smallest number in the morning. The pattern of visits was explained well by temperature...
The Arctic Bramble, Rubus arcticus L., was found in Gottby in the municipality of Jomala, the Åland Islands, SW Finland, in June 2009. It was both flowering and fruiting, although rather sparingly. This boreal species has not been observed in the Åland Islands since 1950. The total distribution of the species is outlined. An account is given of the previous six observations of R. arcticus in Åland. The dispersal of the seeds (endocarps with seeds) of R. arcticus is treated..
Summary: Thirty eight volatile aroma compounds were identified in the frozen berries of Rubus stellatus by means of the glass capillary gas chromatography-mass spectrometry systems. These compounds cover about 75 per cent of the total steam-distilled fraction, which...
Proceedings of the Seventh International Rubus-Ribes Symposium : Melbourne, Australia, 9-15 January, 1998
Chemically induced resistance in strawberry (Fragaria × ananassa) and arctic bramble (Rubus arcticus) : biochemical responses and efficacy against powdery mildew and downy mildew diseases
A new record of Arctic Bramble, Rubus arcticus, in the Åland Islands, SW Finland
Summary: The volatile aroma compounds of the berries of the hybrid Rubus stellatus x arcticus were examined and compared with R. arcticus. Both the quantity and quality of the aroma of the hybrid falls between the parents...
Diurnal activity of flower visitors to the cloudberry (Rubus chamaemorus L.)
Phoma-Didymella complex on hybrid arctic bramble with wilting symptoms
Genetic diversity of arctic bramble (Rubus arcticus l. subsp. arcticus) as measured by amplified fragment length plymorphism
Chemical constituents of the volatile aroma compounds in Rubus arcticus L. subsp. stellatus (Sm.) Boivin, with reference to Rubus arcticus L. subsp. arcticus
Aroma of the berries of the hybrid Rubus stellatus Sm. x R. arcticus L.
