http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11373 small-scale entrepreneurs
small-scale entrepreneurs
Females as transferors and successors : Greek perspektive
Entrepreneurship and small firms
Launching your first small business : make the right decisions during your first 90 days
Continued entrepreneurship and small firm growth
Internationalization, entrepreneurship and the smaller firm : evidence from around the world
Tourism and entrepreneurship : international perspectives
Bateson's theory of learning and the context of small business entrepreneuship
The entrepreneurial personality : concepts, cases and categories
Supergrowth companies entrepreneurs in action
The majority of India's labor force is self-employed in the unorganized micro enterprise sector. Faced with financial constraints, lack of access to credit and professional advice, such enterprises are vulnerable and susceptible to external shocks and disasters. Knowing how micro enterprises cope after disasters, how they make strategic plans, take credit, invest and save, how they deal with suppliers and customers is important for understanding the potential of this sector and for improving micro development strategies. This study analyzes business and investment strategies of micro enterprises in disaster affected areas of Gujarat, India, using a case study and survey supported approach. Key questions are: How do micro enterprises manage their businesses? How do they handle credit, savings and investment? What are priorities of investment? How do micro enterprises overcome and adapt to disasters/external shocks? What factors define success or failure of micro enterprises? How does the organization in a Chamber of Commerce for micro enterprises affect the business? Results show that investing in social expenses in order to build up social capital can go to the detriment of financial capital and thus, increases vulnerability. Savings are a main factor of business success as long as they are used for long-term productive investments and not for short-term social expenses which can use up all resources and possibly expose micro entrepreneurs to exploitative credit conditions. However, not formal education but financial literacy would seem to inform individual choices and priorities concerning investment of savings. These choices are what determines whether micro entrepreneurs are able to minimize their vulnerability to structural givens within their sphere of influence. In order to enhance financial literacy, savings and access to micro credit, the connection between social and financial capital should be further explored. Lessons learnt from informal businesses can lead to an adaptation of development strategies assisting micro entrepreneurs in the unorganized informal sector. -- -- T.p. verso.
Characteristics of women entrepreneurs : a case study in Kokkola, Finland
Discarding the mirror : the importance of intangible social resources to responsibility in business in a Finnish context
The economics of microfinance
A word on theories of entrepreneurship and theories of small business interface : a few comments
How to start a home-based jewelry making business
Pricing decision of SME : images and deliberations within a meaningful frame
Human centered design toolkit
This thesis is about creating a web site design for a small company called Le Ray Collections, whose business consists of dealing in collectible antique items, both in France and abroad. A big part of the company's income comes from selling and buying on the Internet, especially on eBay. Having a web site is a natural development for businesses in today's technological age.     The objective of this thesis was to build a web site design for a company that is already successful, but that currently has no web site. The aim was to create a visually beautiful, simple and functional site that would match the image of Le Ray Collections. The site's purpose is to serve the company as a “business card” on the Internet, especially to give information to potential new clients who regularly buy online.     The theoretical part deals with entrepreneurship, the importance of having a web site and web design. The specific case part describes the different steps of this project, how the web site was done and what guidelines were used.     This thesis is a product-oriented thesis about product development. The new product is a web site designed in two languages, French and English. The site was made between April and October 2010. The purpose was to create a web site design that Le Ray Collections can later publish on the Internet.
Essentials of entrepreneurship and small business management
Summary.
The envelope manufacturer
Rural capitalists in Asia : a comparative analysis on India, Indonesia and Malaysia
Small business and entrepreneurship : volume III
How to raise money for your small business in Finland
Self-selected self-employed : the role of education in success
Enterprise and culture
The Jua Kali informal sector as an employment strategy in Kenya in 1989-1999
Entrepreneurship and small business
The portable MBA in entrepreneurship : case studies
Unlabel : selling you without selling out
The creative entrepreneur : a DIY visual guidebook for making business ideas real
Pro-poor social and economic opportunities in the African ICT innovation ecosystem : perspectives and case study of Iringa, Tanzania
Embedded entrepreneurship : market, culture, and micro-business in insular Southeast Asia
International handbook of research on indigenous entrepreneurship
The paradox of property and business formalisation in Tanzania
DesignDirect : how to start your own micro brand
Preparing effective business plans : an entrepreneurial approach
Managing fast growth in a small business : Case company: Diamond Beer Oy
Abstract: A journey into the core of the occupational competence and attitudes of small business entrepreneurs : a study based on a review of literature and a DACUM analysis.
Markets of dispossession : NGOs, economic development, and the state in Cairo
Tourism, ethnic diversity and the city
Small firm growth and performance : entrepreneurship and beyond
Entrepreneurship & small business management
The other hundred entrepreneurs : 100 faces places stories
How to open and operate a financially successful coffee, espresso & tea shop : with companion CD-ROM
Understanding enterprise, entrepreneurship and small business
Brewing up a business : adventures in beer from the founder of Dogfish Head Craft Brewery
Web site design for Le Ray Collections
A distillation of experience of the many dozens of coffee and sandwich businesses the authors have opened, both personally and for clients.
Agribusiness and rural enterprise
Jatropha: a smallholder bioenergy crop : the potential for pro-poor development
A delicious life : new food entrepreneurs
Small business and entrepreneurship : volume I
Entrepreneurial networking of small businesses in Latin-America : the case of Villa el Salvador in Peru
Hit the ground running : doing micro business training in South Africa
Self help group: an approach to women empowerment in Chhattisgarh
The foundations of small business enterprise : an entrepreneurial analysis of small firm inception and growth
Entrepreneurship and small business : start-up, growth and maturity
Determinants of knowledge-intensive entrepreneurship in Southeast Finland and Northwest Russia
The Coffee Boys' step-by-step guide to setting up and managing your own coffee bar : how to open a coffee bar that actually lasts and makes money
Entrepreneurs' strategic orientation : modeling strategic behavior in small industrial owner-managed firms
Entrepreneurship for everyone : a student textbook
Business plans that work : a guide for small businesses
Small business and entrepreneurship : volume II
Understanding enterprise : entrepreneurship and small business
Empowering credit - more than just money : the socio-economic impact of micro-finance on women in Nairobi, Kenya
Report of the FAO/Worldfish Center Workshop on Interdisciplinary Approaches to the Assessment of Small-Scale Fisheries : Rome, 20-22 September 2005.
Hit the ground running: doing microbusiness training in South Africa
Summary: Entrepreneurship and gender : a journey of learning : from the individual perspective to the relational perspective.
Developing the business practices of an SME operating in the music service industry : a perspective on organic growth and development as led by the owner-manager
Going freelance
"One of the most provocative entrepreneurs of our time, who started Eckō Unltd out of his parents' garage and turned it into a media empire, Marc Eckō reveals his formula for building an authentic brand or business. Marc Eckō began his career by spray-painting t-shirts in the garage of his childhood home in suburban New Jersey. A graffiti artist with no connections and no fashion pedigree, he left the safety net of pharmacy school to start his own company. Armed with only hustle, sweat equity, and creativity, he flipped a $5,000 bag of cash into a global corporation now worth $500 million. Unlabel is a success story, but it's one that shares the bruises, scabs, and gut-wrenching mistakes that every entrepreneur must overcome to succeed. Through his personal prescription for success--the Authenticity Formula--Eckō recounts his many innovations and misadventures in his journey from misfit kid to the CEO. It wasn't a meteoric rise; in fact, it was a rollercoaster that dipped to the edge of bankruptcy and even to national notoriety, but this is an underdog story we can learn from: Ecko's doubling down on the core principles of the brand and his formula for action over talk are all lessons for today's entrepreneurs. Ecko offers a brash message with his inspirational story: embrace pain, take risks, and be yourself. Unlabel demonstrates that, like or not, you are a brand and it's up you to take control of it and create something authentic. Unlabel is a groundbreaking guide to channeling your creativity, finding the courage to defy convention, and summoning the confidence to act and be competitive in any environment"--
The rationale of taking social responsibility : social embeddedness of business owners in Uganda
Tourism in Southeast Asia : challenges and new directions
Microcredit, gender and neoliberal development in Bangladesh
Small business and entrepreneurship
Small business and entrepreneurship : volume V
Family business in transition : need for new entrepreneurs and entrepreneurship education workshop proceedings : IFHE - International Federation for Home Economics European workshop and regional meeting in Savonlinna, Finland, June 6th, 2006
The financing of small business : a comparative study of male and female business owners
Entrepreneurial small business
Growing an entrepreneurial business : concepts and cases
An exploratory investigation of entrepreneurial space: the case of small sawmills, North Karelia, Finland
Women and the birth of Russian capitalism : a history of the shuttle trade
Entrepreneurial identity among the rural small business owner-managers in Finland
Summary in Finnish.
Ethnic economies
Favouring a demonised plant : Khat and Ethiopian smallholder-enterprises
By the mid-1990s, shuttle trade - a practice in which individual peddlers travel abroad and then return with foreign merchandise in their suitcases for resale - constituted the backbone of Russian consumer trade and was a substantial source of revenue. This book assesses the reasons why women were attracted to this business.
Small business : an entrepreneur's plan
Entrepreneurial management in small firms
Pricing accounting services in a micro enterprise : Case: Accounting Entrepreneurship in the Northern Ostrobothnia Region
Business and investment strategies of micro enterprises in disaster affected areas of Gujarat, India
Global tourism : cultural heritage and economic encounters
The essence of small business
An ethnographic study of women's small ICT business in Finland
Accelerated internationalisation as a network-based international opportunity development process
Small business management : entrepreneurship and beyond
Design thinking for entrepreneurs and small businesses : putting the power of design to work
International Council for Small Business, 52nd World Conference, 13th-15th June, Turku, Finland : abstracts
European employment observatory review : self-employment in Europe 2010
"Examines the importance of cultural meaning in the creation and utilization of economic value. Based on case-studies from Thailand, Malaysia, Singapore and Indonesia, the authors demonstrate that micro-scale entrepreneurship is intertwined with prevailing conceptions, moralities and habituations in the entrepreneurs' social milieu. More specifically, the volume argues that meaning-making is integral to economic opportunity; that economic actors' market agency is shaped by cultural experiences; that entrepreneurs' prototypical "individualism" is socially contingent; and that cultural meanings channel economic value among economic and social domains. Addressing core questions about "embedding", the authors suggest theoretical convergences between economic anthropology and economic sociology"--
The comprehensive and thoroughly accessible International Handbook of Research on Indigenous Entrepreneurship aims to develop a multidisciplinary theory explaining entrepreneurship as a function of cultural perceptions of opportunity. The Handbook presents a multitude of fascinating, superbly illustrated studies on the facets of entrepreneurship amongst indigenous peoples. Chapters elaborating on the history, culture, values and objectives underpinning indigenous entrepreneurship introduce the subject, providing essential background information. A series of sections then convey the variances and idiosyncrasies of indigenous entrepreneurship in Africa, Asia, Europe, the Americas and the South Pacific. The Handbook concludes by drawing on its original, rich and varied empirical studies to explain why people from different cultures possess different indigenous values, and therefore different entrepreneurship experiences and practices, even when exposed to similar stimuli. Proposing that what is an opportunity for some people is less so for others with different ideals, and that opportunity recognition is largely culturally determined, this unique, colorful account of indigenous enterprise will provide an intriguing read for those with an interest in entrepreneurship and development studies.
"Updated business wisdom from the founder of Dogfish Head, the nation's fastest growing independent craft brewery Starting with nothing more than a home brewing kit, Sam Calagione turned his entrepreneurial dream into a foamy reality in the form of Dogfish Head Craft Brewery, one of America's best and fastest growing craft breweries. In this newly updated Second Edition, Calagione offers a deeper real-world look at entrepreneurship and what it takes to operate and grow a successful business. In several new chapters, he discusses Dogfish's most innovative marketing ideas, including how social media has become an integral part of the business model and how other small businesses can use it to catch up with bigger competitors. Calagione also presents a compelling argument for choosing to keep his business small and artisanal, despite growing demand for his products. Updated to offer a more complete look at what it takes to keep a small business booming An inspiring story of renegade entrepreneurialism and the rewards of dreaming big, working hard, and thinking unconventionally Shows how to use social media to reach new customers and grow a business For any entrepreneur with a dream, Brewing Up a Business, Second Edition presents an enlightening, in-depth look at what it takes to succeed on their own terms."--Provided by publisher.
Typography for the people : hand-painted signs from around the world
Yhteenveto = Finnish summary (s. 181-184.)
Obstacles to the creation of very small businesses in the European Union : final report
Provides students with a vision of small business as it really is today. This title focuses on the distinctive nature of small businesses that students might actually start versus high growth firms. It discusses traditional beliefs and models in small business, as well as the latest findings and best practices from academic and consulting arenas.
Small business management : an entrepreneur's guidebook
A journey into the core of the professional skill sets of small business entrepreneurs : a study based on a review of literature and a DACUM analysis
