http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11347 temples
temples
The last secret of the temple
Off the beaten path in Beijing = Beijing zizhu you
Dance images in temples of mainland Southeast Asia
Temples and sculptures of Bhubaneswar
Temples of Korea : Korean Buddhism, 17 temples of Korea, Buddhism terms
Angkor Vat : India's contribution in conservation 1986-1993
Palaces of Seoul : Yi dynasty palaces in Korea's capital city
Assuming no prior knowledge, Greek sanctuaries offers a good basic understanding of ancient Greek sanctuary sites and temple architecture. It introduces the reader to a select number of sites and temples in some depth, explaining technical terms along the way. The author has borne in mind the needs of students at sixth-form and university level, as well as the general reader and has covered some of the core buildings and sanctuaries usually chosen for study owing to their social importance and aesthetic excellence, including the Athenian Acropolis, Delphi and Olympia.
The temples of Kyoto
Seven wonders of the ancient world
On earth as it is in heaven : temple symbolism in the New Testament
Guide to the valley of the kings
Angkor : splendors of the Khmer civilization
The temples of Beijing
The temple of Tuthmosis III : statuary and votive monuments = Światynia Totmesa III : rzeźba i obiekty wotywne
Sri Durga Devi temple of Tellippalai
The Ezida temple of Borsippa : priesthood, cult, archives
The Temple of Jerusalem
History of the Confucius Temple
Great wonders of the world
World architecture : the masterworks
The optical corrections of the Doric temple : form and meaning in Greek sacred architecture
Tillai and Nataraja
The wonders of the world : a popular and authentic account of the marvels of nature and of man as they exist to-day. Vol. 2
Chinese gods : the unseen world of spirits and demons
Yogini cult and temples : a Tantric tradition
Angkor : an illustrated guide to the monuments
The temples of Angkor : monuments to a vanished empire
Thundering falcon : an inquiry into the history and cult of Khra- 'brug Tibet's first buddhist temple
Temple and cemetery of Confucius and the Kong family mansion in Qufu =[Qufu Kong miao, Kong lin, Kong fu]
Vǎn Miêu Quôc Tu' Giám : Temple of Literature School for the Sons of the Nation, Hanoi, Vietnam : a walking tour
Jaina shrines in India
The Great Temple at Tanjore
Sanctuary : the temples of Angkor
India : five thousand years of Indian art
Ancient monuments revealed
The conservation of Cave 85 at the Mogao Grottoes, Dunhuang : a collaborative project of the Getty Conservation Institute and the Dunhuang Academy
The Temple of the Emerald Buddha and the Grand Palace
Gods & myths of ancient Egypt : an illustrated guide to the mythology, religion an culture
Thi vân Yên Tu’ = Poetic clouds of Yên Tu’
Enciclopedia lacasurilor de cult din Bucuresti = Encyclopedia of worship places of Bucharest. II
Joining forces with Israeli cop Arieh Ben-Roi, Egyptian detective Yusuf Khalifa investigates the discovery of a body at an isolated archaeological site, a death he connects with a murdered Israeli, which ultimately leads to an enigma dating back to 70 A.D.
Temples of Kaṇṇoor̲ district
Buddhism : Rituals and monastic life
The building of the first temple : a study in readctional, text-critical and historical perspective
Jehol, city of emperors
Philae resurrected
Mazu temples and modern Taiwanese : Fujianese society
Sacred places : sites of spirituality & faith
In search of the Knights Templar : a guide to the sites in Britain
Ceylon : paintings from temple, shrine and rock
Yonghe gong = Lamasery of Harmony and peace
The building of Horyu-ji : the technique and wood that made it possible
Yongle gong bihua = Yongle Palace murals
Island of Isis : Philae, temple of Nile
Studying Hinduism in practice
Tiantan = the temple of heaven
Decorative art of Parasuramesvar temple
I have built you an exalted house : temple building in the Bible in light of Mesopotamian and Northwest Semitic writings
The civilization of Angkor
The Preah Ko temple : emergency consolidation at Angkor, Campodia. Vol. 4, Drawings
Temples of India
The Maitraka and the Saindhava temples of Gujarat
Egyptian temples
Angkor : an introduction to the temples
Banaras : urban forms and cultural histories
Masterpieces of Chinese Tibetan Buddhist Altar Fittings in the National Palace Museum
Census of India, 1961. Vol. 9, pt. 11-D, Madras. Temples of Madras State, 3.
Khajuraho : temples of love / text: Pramila Poddar ; photographs: Pramod Kapoor
Tiantan = The temple of heaven
Sacred places of a lifetime : 500 of the world's most peaceful and powerful destinations
Image of the world and symbol of the Creator : on the cosmological and iconological values of the temple of Edfu
The temple of the golden pavilion
Mandalas in temple worship. Volume 1
Sacred spaces : contemporary religious architecture
The Acropolis : you can still hear the marble breathing
The secret of Crete
Decoding a Hindu temple : royalty and religion in the iconographic program of the Virupaksha Temple, Pattadakal
Olympia : the archaeological site and the museums
Changing forms and cultural identity : religious and secular iconographies. Vol. 1
Luxor & its temples
The Babylon rite
The wonders of the world : a popular and authentic account of the marvels of nature and of man as they exist to-day. Vol. 1
Ten lives of the Buddha : Siamese temple paintings and Jataka tales
The Chola temples : Thañjāvūr, Gaṅgaikoṇḍachoḷapuram & Dārāsuram
God's gold : the quest for the lost temple treasure of Jerusalem
See inside ancient Egypt
The mythical origin of the Egyptian temple
Acropolis restoration : the CCAM interventions
The association between creation and the temple is a key element of the cultural context of the Hebrew Bible, and foundational for understanding its cultic theology. Situated within the common cultic ideology of the ancient Near East, Israel's temple on the mountain of God was considered the central axis and naval of creation, its architecture, furnishings, and rituals pervaded by cosmogonic symbolism. Having emerged out of the twentieth century's predisposed disdain for priestly material, the theological prominence of the temple within the Hebrew Bible is increasingly recognized by scholars. This volume, republishing pivotal scholarship on the interface of cult and cosmos, forms a primer on this significant area of study, tracing major voices in the conversation, from archaeological and ancient Near Eastern studies to biblical studies and the theological prospect of Israel's cults.
Chinese architecture
The great hypostyle hall at Karnak. Volume 1, Part 1, The wall reliefs
Divine households : administrative and economic aspects of the New Kingdom royal memorial temples in Western Thebes
The Parthenon : illustrations, introductory essay, history, archeological analysis, criticism
Indian temples and palaces
Worshiping the three sage kings and five virtuous emperors : The Imperial temple of emperors of successive dynasties in Beijing
Houses of worship : an identification guide to the history and styles of American religious architecture
Books of breathing and related texts
Through camps to Great Mother : nazi camps and temple sites
Constantinople to Cordoba : dismantling ancient architecture in the East, North Africa and Islamic Spain
Architecture of Thailand : a guide to traditional and contemporary forms
Temples and sanctuaries in the Roman East : religious architecture in Syria, Iudaea/Palaestina and Provincia Arabia
Sacred architecture in the traditions of India, China, Judaism and Islam
Studies in Greek temple architecture
"A survey of the various ways in which the extensive remains of ancient architecture were reused or destroyed in the crescent from Greece and Turkey through Syria, Palestine, North Africa to Islamic Spain. The book complements and echoes some of the themes in the author's "Marble Past, Monumental Present" (2009). Offering a large number of varied examples, it examines how the ancient landscape was transformed - towns, roads and ports, fountains and waterways, tombs, palaces, villas and inscriptions. It then addresses reuse in churches, mosques and other structures, dealing also with collectors and museum-builders. Also considered are the dismantling and transport of the often massive blocks, and the superstitions surrounding antiquities which contributed to their continuing renown or to their destruction."--Publisher's website.
Temple fairs in China
Female figurines from the Mut Precinct : context and ritual function
Ritual and ceremonious buildings : altars and temples for worship of natural deities, and human sages and ancestors
The home and the world : a view of Calcutta
Follies and pleasure pavilions : England, Ireland, Scotland, Wales
Greek sanctuaries : an introduction
Sobory i hramy Sankt-Peterburga = Cathedrals and temples of St. Petersburg
Appreciation of classical gardens. 1
See inside the ancient world
The temple architecture of India
The Eastern part of the Mons Oppius in Rome : the Sanctuary of Isis et Serapis in Regio III, the Temples of Minerva Medica, Fortuna Virgo and Dea Syria, and the Horti of Maecenas
How the Temple thinks : identity and social cohesion in ancient Judaism
The Temple of Apollo Epicurius at Bassae was an Ancient Greek temple known for its architecture. It is located in a rural location and was dedicated to the god of healing. The temple was built from 420 to 400 BC. Its architect probably was Iktinos. It is a Doric temple, with dimensions of 14.48 x 38.24 m. Part of it is modelled after the temple of Apollo at Delphi. The originality of this monument lies in its internal design. A 31 meter long frieze encircled the inside on all four sides. This masterpiece has been transported to the British Museum in London. The temple also boasts the oldest Corinthian capital that has so far been found.
Power, memory, architecture : contested sites on India's Deccan Plateau, 1300-1600
Chinese tourism : Taoism
Perspectives in social sciences. 1, Historical dimensions
Thailand : temples and traditions
The temple complex at Horvat Omrit. Vol. 1, the architecture
Stones of the Parthenon
Japanese temples : sculpture, paintings, gardens and architecture
Shaolin : temple of Zen
Terra Mystica
What can we say about 1 Kings 6-8 that attributes the construction of the temple in its full glory to Solomon? Peter Dubovský approaches these texts from the diachronic point of view by investigating evidence gathered from the ancient Near East demonstrating that temples were often changed. He analyzes biblical texts indicating that the first temple underwent some important changes. This result leads to the final step of his investigation: he offers a minimalist version of a chronological development of the first temple and ventures to offer a more nuanced model. This conclusion, on the one hand, should be ultimately confronted with the results of archaeological excavation once they become available; on the other hand, this study can point to some nuances that only a text can preserve and no archaeologist can ever unearth.
Indiana Jones and the kingdom of the crystal skull
Conservation of ancient sites on the Silk Road : proceedings of an International Conference on the Conservation of Grotto Sites
The seventh templar : an annotated translation of passages from a historical novel by Juha-Pekka Koskinen
An ancient Greek temple
Samantha Sutton and the labyrinth of lies
Buddhist temple
Wooden temples of Japan
Cult and cosmos : tilting toward a temple-centered theology
"Horyu-ji temple was first erected in the 7th century and has come down to us today in the magnificent form it achieved in 711, over 1,300 years ago. It has given lie to the common misconception that wood is destined to quickly rot and decay, and has demonstrated the enduring value of wood, not to mention the fact that the temple has been designated a World Heritage Site as the earth's oldest wooden structure. Here Tsunekazu Nishioka, the master carpenter who undertook the repair of this monumental structure in the mid 20th century, shares the insights and knowledge he gained from that experience. To make Nishioka's words and observations more easily understood by later generations, Jiro Kohara has buttressed them with scientific experiments and commentary, bringing into sharp view Hory-ji's long-concealed mysteries and secrets. The result is a revealing picture of Japan's immemorial love of trees and wood, a broad-ranging introduction to the country's wood culture." from back cover.
"Volume One of The Temple Complex at Horvat Omrit presents a detailed examination of the surviving architecture of the three Roman period temple phases at the newly excavated sanctuary at the archaeological site of Omrit in northern Israel. All three temples were built according to the Corinthian order and the author describes and illustrates the state of the remains, proposes reconstructions of each phase, and places each temple in the broader historical context"--Provided by publisher.
Sacred sites of ancient Egypt : an illustrated guide to the temples, tombs and pyramids
Narratives of sorrow and dignity : Japanese women, pregnancy loss, and modern rituals of grieving
Delphi and museum
The shrines of Tut-Ankh-Amon
Nubia : a triumph of international solidarity : Official inauguration of the temples of Philae and the twentieth anniversary of the International Campaign to Save the Monuments of Nubia, 10 March 1980.
The Bayon temple : the report of the Polish-Cambodian archaeological and preservation mission 1990. Vol. 1
The bubastite portal
The Temple scroll : the hidden law of the Dead Sea sect
Temples of South India
Appreciation of classical gardens. 2
Gods and temples in South India
Buddhist temples of Kyōto and Kamakura
Chamundesvari temple in Mysore
The battle reliefs of King Sety I
Insider's guide to Beijing 2008 = Zai Beijing shenghuo zhinan 2008
The temple of Apollo Epikourios at Bassae
Angkor Wat and Siem Reap encounter
