http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11355 regional structure
regional structure
Hungary: society, state, economy and regional structure in transition
Summary (s. 6-7): A sustainable regional structure is necessary for both economy and the environment.
Alueellinen rakenne 1985 seutukaavaliittojen rakennesuunnitelmien mukaan = Finlands regionala struktur år 1985 enligt regionplansförbundens strukturplaner = Regional structure for Finland 1985 according to structure plans of regional planning associations
Rural area typology in Finland : a tool for rural policy
Local and regional reform processes in Norden
This paper applies new panel estimation techniques to the estimation of the elasticity of private production with respect to public capital in a regional setup. We use the widely applied production function approach and regional data from Finland in the period of 1975-2004. In contrast to many previous studies about the productivity of public capital, we focus especially on panel estimation techniques. We show that the results from commonly applied fixed effects OLS are probably biased and sensitive to change of an estimator. To get more reliable results, we use the panel DOLS and panel DSUR estimators.
Urban form and greenhouse gas emissions : summary
Advocacy coalitions in EU regional policy in Finland : A study on Finnish policy actors ̀ objectives for the 2014-2020 structural fund programme period
Ageing and economic performance : dilemmas and dichotomies
[Summary]: Highway no. 3 : from a 'Turku-and-Vyborg' Finland to a 'Helsinki-and-Tampere' Finland.
Handbook of regional and urban economics. Vol. 2, Urban economics
The impacts of urban structure and the related consumption patterns on the carbon emissions of an average consumer
The role of the Latvian planning regions in national regional development policy implementation and European Union structural funds management
Does geography play a role in takeovers? : theory and Finnish microlevel evidence
Unemployment, selective employment measures and inter regional mobility of labour
Summary (s. 11-12): Local and regional reform processes in Norden.
The relationship between regional value added and public capital in Finland : what do the new panel econometric trends tell us?
Spatial interaction and spatial structure : a study of public facility location
Political Economy of Bronze- and Iron Age Societies in the Eastern Coast of the Bothnian Bay ca. 1500 BC-AD 1300
The relationship between regional value added and public capital in Finland : what do the new panel econometric techniques tell us?
Cross-regional analysis of population aging in the Arctic
The urban future - a city for everyone : the Urban II Community Initiative Programme
A Europe of regions and cities : strategies and prospects for EU enlargement
Spatial structure as an influence on territorial performance
Migration and regional development in the rural communes of Kainuu, Finland in 1980-85
English abstract: Regional image and identity on the move.
Structural policy effects in Finnish rural areas : a quantitative social accounting matrix approach
Differences in the spatial structure of the population between Finland and Sweden in 1995 : a GIS viewpoint
The long-term future of regional policy : a Nordic view : report on a Joint NordREFO/OECD Seminar, Reykjavik, 4th-5th May 1988.
Finnish Government Programme for Sustainable Development : Council of State Decision-in-Principle on the promotion of ecological sustainability
Developing transnational industrial platforms : the strategic conception of the Öresund region
This article analyses structural and regional development and concentration of agriculture in terms of jobs and value of production, here value added, in Finland during 1975-2008 based on statistical and georeferenced data. The empirical results showed us that, while the relative socioeconomic importance of agriculture has decreased all over Finland, the role of agriculture varies a great deal between regions. Agricultural development trends both in terms of number of jobs and value of production, have been different from total economic development since the mid-1980s. As with economic functions in general, a regional concentration trend has taken place in agriculture. However, this trend has been stronger in all industries together and compared to other industries, agriculture as a whole is still regionally evenly dispersed. The reasons behind this can be found in historical, societal and political factors, and tight connections between agriculture and surrounding land and natural circumstances.
Regional dynamics. 1
Regional housing and labour markets
Keski-Suomen tila 93 = State of Central Finland 93
Atlas of Finland. Appendix 270 (1993), National settlement system
Territoriality, place and space
Migrating back to history? : the settlement structure and migration in Finland, a 400 years ̓perspective
Rural change: structured coherence or unstructured incoherence?
The changing pattern of Finnish regional politics
Regional convergence and migration in Finland 1960-95
Identities and regions : exploring spatial narratives, legacies and practices with civic organizations in England and Finland
Maaseudun aluerakenteen muutos 1985-1995 = Förändringen av landsbygdens regionala struktur = Change of rural regional structure
The changing social structure
Studies of commuting and labour market integration
Silver in the Viking Age : a regional-economic study
Atlas of Finland : appendix. 270 (1993), National settlement system
Finland in Europe : potential of Finland's territorial development in the context of European integration
Migration and regional development in the rural communes of Kainuu, Finland 1980-85
Long-distance migration and labour market adjustment : empirical evidence from Finland 1970-90
Regional economic structures in Finland : analyses of location and regional economic impact
Kanta-Hämeen seutukaava : kokonaissuunnitelma v. 2000 = Regional Plan for Kanta-Häme : overall plan for the year 2000.
Regions : statistical yearbook 2004
Suomen aluerakenne 1995 seutukaavaliittojen "kokonaissuunnitelmien 1984" mukaan = Finlands regionala struktur år 1995 enligt regionplansförbundens helhetsplaner = Regional structure for Finland 1995 according to overall plans of regional planning associations
Proactive Approach to Structural Change
Portrait of the islands
Urban regions in KASPNET : urban structures
Structural development and regional concentration of agriculture in Finland in 1975-2008
Regions : statistical yearbook 2005 : data 1999-2003
Regional differences in migratory behaviour in Finland
Towards sustainable choices : a nationally and globally sustainable Finland : the national strategy for sustainable development
Investing in Europe's future : fifth report on economic, social and territorial cohesion
This paper applies new panel estimation techniques to the estimation of the elasticity of private production with respect to public capital in a regional setup. We use the widely applied production function approach and regional data from Finland in the period of 1975-2004. In contrast to many previous studies about the productivity of public capital, we focus especially on panel estimation techniques. We show that the results from commonly applied fixed effects OLS are probably biased and sensitive to change of an estimator. To get more reliable results, we use the panel DOLS and panel DSUR estimators. According to results, public capital seems to have had a positive impact on private production.
Land development handbook : planning, engineering, and surveying
Regions : statistical yearbook 2006 : data 2000-2004
Urban systems : action group reports
Spatial variables as analytical concepts : levels, territory and action
On the concept and delimitation of the present-day provinces of Finland
Regional and structural patterns of tourism in Finland
Nordic regions in profile
Suomen kartasto = Atlas of Finland. Appendix 270 (1993), National settlement system
Processes of residential differentation in socialist cities : literature review on the cases of Budapest, Prague, Tallinn and Warsaw
Kanta-Hämeen kehittäminen 1985-2010 : kokonaissuunnitelma 1984 = Development plan of Kanta-Häme 1985-2010 : comprehensive plan 1984.
Regional dynamics. 2
Economic geography and structure of the Russian part of the Barents region
Stand structural dynamics on pristine and managed boreal peatlands
Development of Russian Arctic Offshore : II International Conference : abstracts
Restructuration and socio-spatial research
In this article, general and regional patterns of tourism in Finland are compared with the preconditions for tourism development. A new model of the 'regionalism' of Finland's tourism is presented. A comparison of regional tourism demand (actual tourist flows) with preconditions and supply shows that actual tourism development does not yet correspond sufficiently to the predominant image of Finland as a destination of nature-based recreation activities. The author suggests the promotion of tourism by means of a new image of 'modern periphery' and its specific application to different tourist segments and nationalities.
Regional development zones in spatial development in Finland : governing spatial development through new territorial frames
Supporters and dependants : the concept of economic dependency ratio as an indicator of changes in regional structures in Finland
KASPNET - summary of urban structures
Towards a competitive and competent Eastern Finland : regional structure development trends : summary
Regionality and/or locality : East-Central European Regional Seminar, Budapest-Györ-Kecskemét, 4-8 October, 2006
The actions of the Arctic states respecting the continental shelf : a reflective essay
Regions : statistical yearbook 2002
Kanta-Hämeen kehittäminen 1988-2010 : seutusuunnitelma 1988 = Development plan of Kanta-Häme 1988-2010 : regional scheme 1988.
Sustainable structure for the metropolitan area
Portrait of the regions. Volume 4, Austria, Finland, Sweden, Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway, Switzerland
Handbook of regional and urban economics. Vol. 1, Regional economics
Summary.
The regions and the new Europe : patterns in core and periphery development
Innovation and regional development : experiences in the GDR
Suomen aluerakenne 1990 seutukaavaliittojen "kokonaissuunnitelmien 1980" mukaan = Finlands regionala struktur år 1990 enligt regionplansförbundens helhetsplaner = Regional structure for Finland 1990 according to overall plans of regional planning associations
5. Nordia-päivä Oulussa 28.10.1994 = The fifth Nordia-event in Oulu 28th October 1994
Helsinki kympistä Nuorgamiin : suomalaiset kuluttajat postinumeroalueittain = Finnisch consumers by zip-code area
Helsinki kympistä Nuorgamiin : suomalaiset kuluttajat postinumeroalueittain = Finnish consumers by zip-code area
Finland 2017 : spatial structure and land use
Spatial differentiation in Finland : a welfare approach
Marketing tourism destinations : a strategic planning approach
Aspects of localities : 3. East-Central European regional seminar. Pécs-Orfű, 7-10 October, 2010
Competitiveness, welfare and eco-efficiency : perspectives for spatial structure and land use in Finland
