http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11300 code switching (use of language)
code switching (use of language)
Abstract. - Summary.
On anglicisation of academic Finnish : the case of the University of Vaasa
"Onko tämä sitä creativitya" : a case study of the functions of code switching by IB students in a WhatsApp conversation
Code-switching in bilingual children
Speaking Chicana : voice, power, and identity
On structures of code-switching in medical texts from medieval England
"When life gives u lemons, go for a #run. #mindfullofthoughts" : Finnish sports and fitness people's use of English on Instagram
"Because you're worth it" : multilingualism in Finnish television advertising
Error error lataa patteri : from language alternation to global multilingual repertoires in Finnish youth radio programs in Finland and Sweden
Language contact and displays of social identity : the communicative and ideological dimension of code-mixing in a business setting
Bilingualism and multilingualism. Vol. 1, Linguistic and Developmental Perspectives
Communication strategies related to code-switching in a NNS-NS, Finnish Australian, contact environment
Bilingual practices in an online community : code-switching and language mixing in community and identity construction at www.godspeed.fi
Morphological integration of Estonian lexical elements in a Finnish language base during the first years of immigration
Accommodation in spoken interactions: identity creation and maintenance through code-switching
Languaging and language practices
The Routledge sociolinguistics reader
Codeswitching in business documents : Finnish working instructions and minutes of meetings at Wärtsilä's experimental power plant
Two languages, two modalities:a special type of early bilingual language acquisition in hearing children of Deaf parents
Linguistic code shift in the globalized world
Social stratification and patterns of code-switching in Early English letters
Code-switching in Greater Bilbao : a bilingual variety of colloquial Basque
The cambridge handbook of linguistic code-switching
Codeswitching and Empowerment in the Macaronic Irish lyric
Bilingual speech : a typology of code-mixing
Variationslinguistik = Linguistics of variation = La linguistique variationnelle
'What we do cón amore' : structures of code-switching in eighteenth-century personal letters
Attitudes towards Finnish language maintenance in Australia : profiles or Finnish speakers
Modeling bilingualism from structure to chaos : in honor of Kees de Bot
Africa and applied linguistics
Government and codeswitching : explaining American Finnish
Explorations in Indian sociolinguistics
Two languages, two modalities : a special type of early bilingual language acquisition in hearing children of Deaf parents
A Sequential Analytic Approach to Code-Switching in  the Ikwerre community of Port Harcourt, Nigeria
The functions and meanings of English code-switching in Finnish print advertising
"It's a question about tycke and smak" : code-switching and language choice in a Nordic company
Case-marking in contact : the development and function of case morphology in Gurindji Kriol
Pedagogigal [i.e. pedagogical] and social functions of code-switching in EFL classrooms
The language of schooling : a functional linguistics perspective
Approaches to Slavic interaction
Functional operational strategies for code-switching in a NNS-NS, Finnish-Australian English contact environment
The English language in Finnish humor : Codeswiching as a means of joking in the Finnish version of Have I got news for you
"Very élegante, very fun, very you" : English influence in French advertising
"Jokaisella porukalla on oma inside-läppänsä" : functions of code swiching in spoken and online interaction
"Dobro jutro i woke up!" : forms and functions of text messages in English as a lingua franca
Third language acquisition in adulthood
Voices of authority : education and linguistic difference
Code-switching between Finno-Ugric and Indo-European languages : the Australian Finnish and Hungarian evidence
Mä haluun mun carin! : The use of language mixing in English immersion schools in Finland
"It's normal, it's us, it's life!" : patterns of code switching and language choice in a bilingual family
Upper-secondary school students' use of, motivations for and perceptions of Finnish-English code-switching in northern and southern Finland
"Trifling shews of learning"? : Code-switching in English seremons from the Lampeter corpus of Early Modern English tracts, 1640-1740
Codeswitching in the Greek-Cypriot community in London
Code-switching in early English
Diglossia in British sign language
Multilingual language use and metapragmatic reflexivity in Finnish internet football forums : a study in the sociolinguistics of globalization
Talk in two languages
"Hold on! Apua tulossa." : English practices among Finnish Twitter users
"The most comprehensive overview available, this handbook is an essential guide to sociolinguistics today. Reflecting the breadth of research in the field, it surveys a range of topics and approaches in the study of language variation and use in society. As well as linguistic perspectives, the handbook includes insights from anthropology, social psychology, the study of discourse and power, conversation analysis, theories of style and styling, language contact and applied sociolinguistics. Language practices seem to have reached new levels since the communications revolution of the late twentieth century. At the same time face-to-face communication is still the main force of language identity, even if social and peer networks of the traditional face-to-face nature are facing stiff competition of the Facebook-to-Facebook sort. The most authoritative guide to the state of the field, this handbook shows that sociolinguistics provides us with the best tools for understanding our unfolding evolution as social beings."--Publisher's website.
Monolingual people - bilingual speech : a study on language alternation and code switching among Finnish speaking university students of English
Representation of global and local in advertising : multimodal code-switching?
Code-switching, languages in contact and electronic writings
Patterns of English-Finnish codeswitching in Finland and in the United States
Bilingualism as interactional practices
New perspectives on English as a European Lingua Franca
A government approach to Finnish-English intrasentential code-switching
<FOREIGN> : a study on code-swiching in the ELFA corpus
English elements in the spoken discourse of Finnish teenagers playing an English video game
Finno-Hungarian code-switching : verbs in bilingual children's speech
El Making of ... Top Trendit! : Anglicisms in women's magazine advertising in Finland and Spain
Cultures in interaction : construction of ethnic identities in Amy Tan's "The bonesetter's daughter"
Chicano discourse : socio-historic perspectives
Linguistic genocide or superdiversity : new and old language diversities
Developing in two languages : Korean children in America
Codeswitching worldwide
Applied linguistics in Latin America
English in Finnish sports blogs
One speaker, two languages : cross-disciplinary perspectives on code-switching
The forms and functions of multilingual practices in early modern school drama from the King's School, Canterbury
Code-switching and language shift : in Australian Finnish in comparison with Australian Hungarian
The functions of code-switching : a case study of an IB-English group in a collaborative task
The language of alienation in Anita Desai's Baumgartner's Bombay
Finnish health care and social work students' perceptions of Finnish-English code-switching : a survey study
Korean-Swedish code-switching : theoretical models and linguistic reality
The aim of this paper is to examine codeswitching in mainly Finnish language email data collected from 11 students during their first three years of residence in Estonia. The research focuses on the morphological integration of intrasentential switches to Estonian in the Finnish language base - i.e. the inflection of the switched items with either Estonian or Finnish suffixes. In order to find out how and why this integration changes, it is analysed against time (lenght of stay) and the speakers' language background (childhood bilingual vs. monolingual). The conclusion is drawn that during the three-year study period the amount of morphologically integrated switches decreases as a growing number of switches maintain the grammatical features of the "donor" language. The order in which Estonian case endings emerge is shown to be similar to their order of trequency in texts written by speakers of Estonian as a second language. A connection is also drawn between the emergence of non-integrated switches and their function as contextualisation cues. A further result of the study is that a background of childhood bilingualism semms to favour morphological non-integration of intrasentential switches.
English in Suosikki magazine's ads 1970-2012
Code-switching in medieval medical writing
Negotiating interpersonal identities in writing : code-switching practices in Charles Burney's correspondence
Code-switching
Code-switching as an indicator of language change. The cases of Finnish and Hungarian in Australia
Are we facing an immense wave of language death or a period of remarkable new linguistic variation? Or both? This book answers this question by analysing studies of language endangerment and loss along with those of language change, revitalization and diversity. Using case studies from Russia and the EU, the authors compare historical language variation to that of the present day, arguing that accelerated language extinction can be considered a result of colonization, modernization and globalization, but so too can many new creoles, intertwined and mixed languages, new ethnic identities, new groups of urban dwellers or migrant groups, all with their own distinct cultural traits. The book therefore surmises that the linguistic heritage of today is simultaneously more endangered and more diverse than ever before.
The functions of teachers' language choice and code-switching in EFL classroom discourse
Folk stories and personal narratives in Palestinian spoken Arabic : a cultural and linguistic study
An EFL teacher's code-switching and language choice in primary school : a case study
"Tää on taas 'one of those days' selvästikin." : The use of English on a Finnish website
Ninth-graders’ understanding of Anglicisms
Emergent bilingual constructions : Finnish-Estonian codeswitching in interaction
Code-mixing and borrowing : a study of the use of English by Finnish adolescents when speaking Finnish
Linguistic and interactional practices in a bilingual Finnish-American family : Code-switching, cooperation and identity work
Social context and fluency in L2 learners : the case of Wales
Translation, sociolinguistic and consumer issues in interpreting
Whether in family life, social interactions, or business negotiations, half the people in the world speak more than one language every day. Yet many myths persist about bilingualism and bilinguals. Does being bilingual mean you are equally fluent in two languages, or that you belong to two cultures, or even that you have multiple personalities? Can you become bilingual only as a child? Why do bilinguals switch from one language to another in mid-sentence? Will raising bilingual children confuse and delay their learning of any language? In a lively and often entertaining book, an international authority on bilingualism, son of an English mother and a French father, explores the many facets of bilingualism. In this book, Francois Grosjean draws on research, interviews, autobiographies, and the engaging examples of bilingual authors. He describes the various strategies - some useful, some not - used by parents raising bilingual children, explains how children easily pick up and forget languages, and considers how bilingualism affects the experience and expression of emotions, thoughts, and dreams. This book shows that speaking two or more languages is not a sign of intelligence, evasiveness, cultural alienation, or political disloyalty. For millions of people, it's simply a way of navigating the complexities of life.
Codeswitching in university English-medium classes : Asian perspectives
In the complex, multilingual societies of the 21st century, codeswitching is an everyday occurrence, and yet the use of students' first language in the EFL classroom has been consistently discouraged by teachers and educational policy makers. This volume begins by examining current theoretical work on codeswitching and then proceeds to examine the convergence and divergence between university language teachers' beliefs about codeswitching and their classroom practice. Each chapter investigates the extent of, and motivations for, codeswitching in one particular situation, and the interactive and pedagogical functions for which alternative languages are used. Many teachers, and policy-makers, in schools as well as universities, may rethink existing 'English only' policies in the light of the findings reported in this book.
Functional differences between Finnish-English and English-Finnish intrasentential codeswitching : Is there an explanation?
In this study, early bilingual language acquisition was explored from the age of 12 to 36 months in 10 hearing children of Deaf parents, KODAs (Kids of Deaf Adults). KODA children's language acquisition is bimodal; they acquire simultaneously sign language in visual-gestural and spoken language in auditory-vocal modality. This study aimed to describe the developmental paths of early bilingual language acquisition and their interrelationships with language input. Additionally, the characteristics of children's language use and their associations with the features of the linguistic environment, child's language competence and contextual variables were examined.Information about the children's linguistic environment was collected with parental interviews. Children's linguistic development (productive vocabulary) was measured with the MacArthur Communicative Development Inventory (MCDI) in both Finnish Sign Language (FinSL) and the Finnish language between the ages of 12 to 30 months. Children's development in the Finnish language was tested at the age of 36 months by using the Reynell Developmental Language Scales III. Additionally, the children's interaction was video recorded twice a year between the ages of 12 to 36 months during three different play sessions: with their Deaf parent, with the Deaf parent and a hearing adult and with the hearing adult alone.A large variation was uncovered in both the amount and type of language input and the children's bilingual developmental paths. According to the results of the MCDI, KODA children's (N = 8) mean size of productive vocabulary in both languages separately was smaller when compared to the monolingual norms. However, in all but three children, their total vocabulary, which includes both productive vocabulary of FinSL and Finnish, was comparable with age peers. According to the Reynell test in Finnish, three children scored at age level, three within –1 SD and two children within –2 SD.Contextual variables clearly influenced the KODA children's language use. KODA children, as young as 12 months old, accommodated their use of language and communication modes according to the language(s) of their interlocutor(s). Children preferred to code-mix when communicating with their Deaf parent by producing simultaneous, mainly semantically congruent signs and words.
Summary.
Multidisciplinary approaches to code switching
Code-switching and English in Finland
"Heippahei kaikki sweetheartsit" : bilingual practices in community and identity construction on the Finnish online discussion forum HIMa
Multilingual behavior in youth groups : Scandinavian studies in the simultaneous use of two or more languages in group conversations among children and adolescents
Eleven years of bilingualism : a longitudinal study on the pragmatics syntax of Finnish-English code switching
An introduction to sociolinguistics
Code-switching from Finnish into English of second and third generation Canadian Finnish teenagers : do strong Finnish cultural backgrounds and attitudes towards maintaining Finnish affect it?
People, products, and professions : choosing a name, choosing a language ; Fachleute, Firmennamen und Fremdsprachen
Language selection and switching in Strasbourg
Original and adopted code-switching in Finnish fashion and lifestyle blogs
Norwegian verbs in a Finnish morpho-syntactic frame : code-switching or borrowing?
(In)vulnerable domains in multilingualism
Codeswitching
Bilingual : life and reality
Languages in contact
The Cambridge handbook of sociolinguistics
The development of language-mixing through different activities in bilingual first language acquisition
Bilingualism : beyond basic principles : Festschrift in honour of Hugo Baetens Beardsmore
