http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11345 home museums
home museums
At home with Charles Dickens
Birthplace of Sibelius = Das Geburtshaus von Sibelius
The 17th-century dolls' houses of the Rijksmuseum
Winterthur Museum and Gardens : A Winterthur book
Dolls and dolls' houses
Horrid Henry and the zombie vampire
Dolls' houses : from the V&A museum of childhood
Tankavaara : goldvillage : gold prospector museum : goldpanning site
Sibeliuksen Ainola = Sibelius and Ainola
Ainola : the home of Jean and Aino Sibelius
Bringing art to life : turn-of-the-century Finnish artists' homes
Fredrik and Anna Drake's home
The Leo Tolstoy House-Museum in Yasnay Polyana
The innocence of objects : the Museum of Innocence, Instanbul
Calling on the composer : a guide to European composer houses and museums
Nordic artists' homes
Good housekeeping : a domestic ideal in miniature : the Nuremberg doll houses of the 17th century in the Germanisches Nationalmuseum
Out of the tower : essays on culture and everyday life
Guide : Westphalian Open Air Museum Detmold, Museum of Rural History and Culture
Mount Vernon : Virginia : an illustrated handbook
Kemin historiaa etsimässä = In search of history of Kemi
Ainola : the home of Sibelius : a guide
Charles A. Lindbergh House
St Petersburg : the hidden interiors
Poppenhuizen = dolls' houses : with English text
Gränslöst : 1700-tal speglat i nuet = Unbounded : the eighteenth century mirrored by the present
The visual arts and early childhood learning
Runeberg's home at Borgå : guide-book
Decoration, curios, evidence : home museums and the artist as collector / Leila Koivunen
Museums in FC : archaeology, art, ethnography, natural science, entertainment, history, house museums
Glensheen : the construction years
Landhäuser in Holland = Country houses of Holland = Les maisons romantiques de Hollande
Living museums in Scandinavia
James J. Hill House
Taiteen muisti : konservoinnin kerrostumia = Art's memory : layers of conservation
Interpreting historic house museums
Domesticating history : the political origins of America's house museums
Sinebrychoff : from collectors' home to art museum
101 things to see and do in Helsinki
At home with Victor Hugo
A guidebook to the memorial to František Palacký and František Ladislav Rieger
Writers' houses : a literary journey in England
Hvitträsk : koti taideteoksena = the home as a work of art
Birthplace of Jean Sibelius = Der Geburtsort von Jean Sibelius
A monster helping of Horrid Henry
The Mannerheim Museum : baron C. G. E. Mannerheim, marshall of Finland, and his home = Das Mannerheim-Museum : freiherr C. G. E. Mannerheim, Marschall von Finnland, und sein Heim
Gr. Pálffy János mügyüjteménye különös tekintettel iparmüvészeti kollekciójára] = [The collection of Count János Pálffy with especial regard to the objects of applied arts : summary of the Ph.D. thesis] / Horváth Hilda
Summary.
A miscellany of objects from Sir John Soane's Museum : consisting of paintings, architectural drawings and other curiosities from the collection of Sir John Soane / Peter Thornton and Helen Dorey
Graceland : going home with Elvis
From the mixed-up files of Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler
The Nissim de Camondo Museum / Nadine Gasc, Gérard Mabille
Tuscany interiors
Russian houses
Runeberg's home at Porvoo
At home with John Keats
Runeberg's home at Borgå : a guide-book
In Hemingway's garden = Hemingwayn puutarhassa
Fill your soul! : paths of research into the art of Akseli Gallen-Kallela
Historic house museums speak to the public : spectacular exhibits versus a philological interpretation of history : acts of the annual conference, Genoa, 1-4 November 2000 / Rosanna Pavoni, editor ; International Committee DEMHIST
Mount Vernon : an illustrated handbook
Oswald and the objects : improving the access of Finnish daycare centers to Design Museum's educational activities
Ainola, the home of Sibelius : a guide / [text: Elina Anttila]
A gentleman's home : the museum of Gustaf Mannerheim, Marshal of Finland
Storybook Helsinki and Beyond
Artists in residence
The small world of antique dolls' houses
