http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11343 rhytmics (music theory)
rhytmics (music theory)
Meter in music, 1600-1800 : performance, perception, and notation
Crazy mixed-up meters : a book of rhythm in changing time signatures for all instruments
Fundamentals of guitar : a workbook for beginning, intermediate or advanced students
Syncopation for drums : Includes music theory for beginners.
Balkania : rhythms in songs and dances from Albania, Bulgaria, Greece, The Republic of Macedonia, Romania and Serbia
Musicianship for the jazz vocalist
The musician's guide to reading & writing music
Rhythms complete : guitar
Time for the future : polyrhythm in harmony
The geometry of musical rhythm : what makes a "good" rhythm good?
Why birds sing : a journey into the mystery of bird song
Rhythmic horizons : new concepts in rhythmic structure and creative ideas for drumset composition
This book covers topics such as comping rhythms, left hand comping, trombone voicings, bepop comping, and open voicings. With an introduction, transcriptions, interviews, and appendix. The CDs contain example and play-along tracks.
Music theory : a practical guide for all musicians
Rhythmic reading : for all instruments
Music theory in practice, grade 3
Jazz improvisation. 2, Jazz rhythm and the improvised line
Essential grooves for writing, performing and producing contemporary music
Music theory in practice, grade 1
Gurudev's drumming legacy : music, theory and nationalism in the Mr̥daṅg aur tablā vādanpaddhati of Gurudev Patwardhan
Action and perception in rhytm and music : papers given at a symposium in the third international conference on event perception and action
Syncopated rhythms : For the contemporary drummer
Music theory in practice, grade 4
Polyrhythmic : advanced rhytmic studies
Rhythm perception and production
Music games that teach
From rhythm to form : Ilmari Krohn's systematic theory of musical rhythm and form
Metric modulations : contracting and expanding time within form : vol. 2
Modern reading text in 4/4 : for all instruments
Sight-read any rhythm instantly : [all instruments]
Encyclopedia of reading rhythms : text and workbook for all instruments
Beats for beginners : the basics of rhythm guitar
Odd times : Workout in "odd" time signatures
The elements of music : concepts and applications. Volume two
Generating musical patterns using mutually inhibited artificial neurons
Sing and play with us
Modern rhythmic notation
Modern improvisation
Syncopated rhythms for the contemporary drummer
How musical rhythm reveals human attitudes
The rhythmic structure of music
Creative rhythmic concepts for jazz improvisation
Modus vetus : sight singing and ear-training in major/minor tonality
Odd time reading text : Rhytmic studies designed to develop accuracy and speed in sight reading as applied to odd time signatures : for all instruments
Rhythm and timing of movement in performance : drama, dance and ceremony
The right way to read music
Rhythm brought to life : a rhythmic primer : a new academic approach
The logical approach to rhythmic notation
Music theory in practice, grade 5
The rhythm in Arabian music
Do-it-yourself musical ear training
Kippen sets the work and objectives of the original author in the context of a rich historical, social and political background. By also discussing radical differences in the second edition of 1938, published by Gurudev's nephew, the vocalist Vinayakrao Patwardhan, Kippen illuminates the process by which 'tablā theory' was being created in the early 20th century. Both Patwardhans were enthusiastic supporters of Paluskar's nationalist imperatives, and active participants in his drive to institutionalize music, codify and publish notations of it, and promote a modern, Hindu vision of India wherein its identity could once again be linked to a glorious golden age in distant antiquity.
Rhythms complete : for solo. Unison with all instruments Bb-Eb-C-bass clef instruments
Beating time & measuring music in the early modern era
Beginning theory for adults : the grown-up approach to music theory
Qwiklicks. Blues guitar rhythm basics
Tonal dynamics and metrical structures in jazz improvisation
Progressive steps to syncopation : for the modern drummer
Polyrhythmic : advanced rhythmic studies
MIRtoolbox : version 1.6.1
An approach to comping : the essentials
The musician's guide to aural skills. Volume 2, Ear-training and composition
Qwiklicks : Blues guitar rhythm basics
The 1903 Mr̥daṅg aur tablā vādanpaddhati is a revelatory text that has never been translated or analysed. It is a manual for playing the two most important drums of North Indian (Hindustani) music, the pakhāvaj (mr̥daṅg) and the tablā. Owing to its relative obscurity, it is a source that has never been discussed in the literature on Hindustani music. Its author, Gurudev Patwardhan, was Vice Principal of V.D. Paluskar's first music school in Lahore from its inception in 1901 to 1908. Professor James Kippen provides the first translation of this immensely important text and examines its startling implications for rhythmic and metric theory. It is the earliest work on Indian drumming to contain a notation sufficiently precise to allow definitive reconstruction. The compositions are of considerable musical interest, for they can be readily realized on the tablā or pakhāvaj.
Rhythm analysis and basic co-ordination
Basics in jazz arranging
The reference rhythm method
Intro to polyrhythms : contracting and expanding time within form : vol. 1
Developing Afro-Jazz rhythmic concepts. Book 1
Inside the music
Tabla : a rhythmic introduction to Indian music
Musical projects and games : a collection of classroom games and projects for junior and middle schools
Rhythm and meter patterns
Rhythm coach : rhythm workouts for instrumentalists, singers, dancers : level one
Phrase rhythm in tonal music
Rhythm coach : rhythm workouts for instrumentalists, singers, dancers. Level one
Music lessons : approach to the tonal music
Rhythm and tempo : a study in music history
How to read music
Sight singing : pitch, interval, rhythm
Berklee music theory. Book 1 : Basic principles of rhythm, scales and intervals
Jazz theory resources : tonal, harmonic, melodic, & rhythmic organization of jazz. vol. 1
The musician's guide to aural skills. Volume 1, Sight-singing, rhythm-reading, improvisation, and keyboard skills
Joseph Riepel's Theory of metric and tonal order : phrase and form : a translation of his Anfangsgründe zur musicalischen Setzkunst, chapters 1 and 2 (1752/54, 1755)
Time awareness for all musicians
Intro to polyrhythms : contracting and expanding time within form. Vol. 1
Jazz theory resources : tonal, harmonic, melodic, & rhythmic organization of jazz. vol. 2
Rhythmic vocabulary : a musician's guide to understanding and improvising with rhythm
Music theory in practice, grade 2
Music lesson : the relative method of reading and writing the tonalic music
Ancient traditions, future possibilities : Rhytmic training through the traditions of Africa, Bali, and India
Polyrhythms : the musician's guide
Getting started in music
Encyclopedia of reading rhytms
Pure rhythm : rhythm cycles and polymetric patterns for instrumentalists, percussionists, composers and music educators
Rhythms complete : bass
Essentials of music for audio professionals : a concise course in music fundamentals for engineers, producers, directors, editors, managers, and other audio recording professionals
Source readings in music history. Vol. 5, The late eighteenth century
Rhythmic training
The stratification of musical rhythm
The rhythm in African music
Mathematical rhytmic structure of Chinese percussion music : an analytical study of Shi Fan Luo Gu Collection
Joel Rothman's teaching rhythm : for all instruments/class or individual instruction
Ear training : basic instruction in melody and rhythm reading
Music theory : a pocket reference guide for all musicians
