http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1139 sound recording (activity)
sound recording (activity)
Studio-in-a-box : the new era of computer recording technology
Audio explained
Recording in the digital world : complete guide to studio gear and software
Creative recording. 2, microphones and recording techniques
Logic Audio Macintosh 4
Premiere Pro CS5 and CS5.5 digital classroom
Sonar 3 power!
Acoustics and psychoacoustics
Recording the guitar
Teach yourself Sonar : everything you need to know to start recording now!
Sonar 8 power! : the comprehensive guide
Multimedia Sound and Music Studio : The definitive Guide for Creating Sound and Music on Macintosh and Windows Platform
Pro sound news
Cubase 5 : tips and tricks
The master tape book
Pro Tools. Volume 1
Soundtrack success : a digital storyteller's guide to audio-post production
Hard disk recorders : an introduction to the creative world of digital, hard disk recordings
The recording engineer's handbook : by Bobby Owsinski
Home studio setup : everything you need to know from equipment to acoustics
Acoustic and MIDI orchestration for the contempopary composer : [a practical guide to writing and sequencing for the studio-orchestra]
Producing and Directing the Short Film and Video
Analog recording vs. digital recording
Practical recording techniques
Audio in computers : the fundamentals of digital audio for musicians and computer users
The AudioPro home recording course. Volume 3 : a comprehensive multimedia recording text
In the field : the art of field recording
Record & compose : creative recording with the multitrack cassette recorder
The sound on sound book of desktop digital studio
Sound On Sound : Vantaa
The tape recording of dialect for linguistic sound archives: some experiences and views connected with recording work in Sweden
Modern recording techniques : fourth edition
Production sound mixing : the art and craft of sound recording for the moving image
Nuendo 5 power! : the comprehensive guide
Power tools for Pro Tools 8 : master digidesign's pro audio and music production application
The AudioPro home recording course. Volume 2 : a comprehensive multimedia audio recording text
Adobe Premiere Pro CS3 : classroom in a book : the official training workbook from Adobe Systems
Teach yourself Logic Pro : everything you need to know to start recording now!
Mixing in pro tools : skill pack
Ringtone mania! : Gold : customise your mobile!
Handbook for sound engineers : the new audio cyclopedia
The Sound on Sound book of home recording made easy : professional recordings on a demo budget
Propellerhead Reason 4 : tips and tricks
Producing and mixing contemporary jazz
Practical art of motion picture sound
Sound on sound
From demo to delivery : the process of production
Cubase SX power!
iPod & iTunes for dummies
Electric shock : from the gramophone to the iPhone : 125 years of pop music
"Capture great sound in the first place, and spend less time "fixing it in the mix" with Ian Corbett's Mic It! Microphones, Microphone Techniques, and Their Impact on the Final Mix. With his expert guidance, you'll quickly understand essential audio concepts as they relate to microphones and mic techniques, and learn how to apply them to your recording situation. Whether you only ever buy one microphone, are equipping a studio on a budget, or have a vast selection of great mics to use, you'll learn to better use whatever tools you have. Mic It! gives you the background to design and discover your own solutions to record the best sound possible. The information in these pages will help you record great source tracks that can be easily developed into anything from ultra-clean mixes to huge, organic soundscapes"--
Norton recorded anthology of Western music. Vol. 2, Classic to twentieth century
Using your portable studio
Discover your voice : learn to sing from rock to classic
Pro Tools puts professional recording and music production software in the hands of anyone with the appropriate hardware and the knowledge to use it. Musician and recording engineer Jeff Strong guides you through the latest version of this complex program, offering twice the content of the official guide at a lower price. Eight minibooks cover recording basics, getting started with Pro Tools, recording audio, editing audio, managing MIDI, mixing, mastering, and getting your music to the masses. •	The latest version of Pro Tools offers a whole range of new possibilities for the recording artist; this soup-to-nuts guide explains everything you need to know to take full advantage of it. •	Written by a professional musician and recording engineer who has authored two previous editions of this book as well as Home Recording For Musicians For Dummies and Drums For Dummies. •	Eight minibooks cover recording basics, getting started with Pro Tools, recording audio, editing audio, managing MIDI, mixing, mastering, and distributing your music. •	Explains how to configure your computer and attach hardware, proper microphone settings, steps for getting your music to sound the way you want, tips on putting your tracks together professionally, and much more.
Going pro with pro tools 8
Sound advice on microphone techniques
The making of Mike Oldfield's Tubular bells : the story of a record which has sold over 15000000 copies and helped to found the Virgin empire
Sound advice on recording & mixing vocals
The AudioPro home recording course. [1]
The art of digital audio
Creative redording : 3 : Recording on the move
The AudioPro home recording course. [Volume 1] : a comprehensive multimedia audio recording text
Recording and producing in the home studio : a complete guide
Choosing the right daw for you : take a guesswork out of selecting a digital audio workstation
From the studio to your stereo
Cubase SX/SL : mixing & mastering
The digital songstream : mastering the world of digital music
Practical recording techniques : the step-by-step approach to professional audio recording
The New Stereo Soundbook
The recording engineer's handbook
Garageband '09 power! : the comprehensive recording and podcasting guide
What's a sequencer? : A basic guide to their features and use
The recording guitarist : a guide for home and studio
The everything guide to digital home recording : tips, tools, and techniques for studio sound at home
The digital interface handbook
The art of mixing : a visual guide to recording, engineering and production
Music engineering : the electronics of playing and recording
Miking guitars in the studio
The guide to MIDI orchestration
Sonic persuasion : reading sound in the recorded age
Microphones : technology and technique
Studio bass masters : sessions tips & techniques from top baass players
Tape Op : a book about creative recording
Digital audio signal processing : an anthology
iTunes music : mastering high resolution audio delivery
Recording in the digital world : Complete guide to studio gear and software
The sound reinforcement handbook
Reason 6 Power! : the comprehensive guide
Studio recording for musicians
Recording guitar and bass : getting a great sound every time you record
Cowboys and indies : the epic history of the record industry
Handbook of recording engineering [fourth edition]
Digital electronics for musicians
Crash Course Home Recording
Becoming a computer musician
The art of record production : an introductory reader for a new academic field
Handbook for sound technicians
Mixing audio : concepts, practices and tools
Norton recorded anthology of Western music. Vol. 1, Classic to twentieth century
Adobe® EncoreTM DVD
Sun Records : an oral history
Music tech magazine : Vantaa
M-Audio Guide for the recording guitarist
The sound on sound book of recording and production techniques : for the recording musician
Secrets of recording : professional tips, tools & techniques
Adobe® Encore® DVD 2.0
Electronic and experimental music : technology, music and culture
The digital filmmaking handbook
The AudioPro home recording course. 2
How to make music on the web : get online fast expert tips & advice : record, network, promote
Recording tips for engineers : for cleaner, brighter tracks
Sound on sound : the UK's biggest selling music recording magazine
Total guitar tutor : [the ultimate guide to playing, recording and performing every guitar style]
Pro Tools for music production : recording, editing and mixing
The impact of technology in music
Making the ultimate demo
The AudioPro home recording course : a comprehensive multimedia recording text. Volume 2
Ableton Live 8 and Suite 8 : create, produce, perform
Your intro to pro tools
Art of drum layering
This one-stop digital filmmaking resource will guide you from your initial idea to getting your finished project "in the can." It will show you how to create shots and effects that are rarely associated with low-budget productions. In addition there's a special new chapter on shooting your indie film with a DSLR and an advanced discussion on finishing your film for digital cinema projection / from companion website
HOW TO SET UP A HOME RECORDING STUDIO
Understanding audio : getting the most out of your project or professional recording studio
Reaper power! : the comprehensive guide
Sound engineering explained
Sound advice on developing your home studio
Reason 4 Power! : the comprehensive guide
Mic it! : microphones, microphone techniques, and their impact on the final mix
An international history of the recording industry
Handbook of recording engineering
The Digital Interface Handbook
Home recording for beginners
Total keyboard tutor : the ultimate guide to playing, recording and performing with all keyboards
Sound and Cetacea
The musician's home recording handbook : Practical techniques for recording great music at home
The home studio guide to microphones
Stereo microphone techniques
Electronic musician : e-lehti
The mastering engineer's handbook
Sound for film and television
NMR- Laboratory, introduction with a Time Lapse and Tilt-shift video
Pro Tools all-in-one for dummies
Sound On Sound : Espoo
Power tools for Cubase 7 : master Steinberg's powerful multi-platform audio production software
Practical Recording Techniques : Second edition
Cubase VST Plug-Ins : the best software effects for VST Windows and Macintosh
Mixing secrets for the small studio
Music, sound, and technology
Sound advice on mixing
Logic Audio Windows 4
Recording production techniques for musicians
Modern recording techniques
Audio production techniques for video
Audio production worktext : concepts, techniques, and equipment
The new stereo soundbook [3rd edition]
Making music with emagic logic audio
Premiere Pro is a powerful, timeline-based video editing software, and this personal training course uses a full-color book plus video tutorials on DVD to teach you how to use all its features. Fifteen self-paced lessons encourage you to discover the creative possibilities that Adobe’ s Premiere Pro presents. Step-by-step directions, lesson files, and an instructional video demonstrate the many exciting features of Premiere Pro. You can learn from leading instructors, and do it at your own pace.
Dance music manual : tools, toys and techniques
Synchronization from reel to reel : a complete guide for the synchronization of audio, film & video
The complete singer-songwriter : a troubadour's guide to writing, performing, recording, and business
User's guide to Logic Audio 5
PC music : the easy guide
Sound on sound : Helsinki
Sound advice on compressors, limiters, expanders & gates
The home recording handbook
Logic Audio Fx collection
The art of mixing : a visual guide to recording, engineering, and production
Audio editing with Adobe Audition
Music technology from scratch
