http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11332 kingdoms
kingdoms
Last battle of the icemark
The orchid house : splendours and miseries of the kingdom of Oudh, 1827-1957 / Michael Edwardes
Finnikin of the Rock
A storm of swords. Part 2 : Blood and gold
Medieval Scotland : crown, lordship and community : essays presented to G. W. S. Barrow
Kingdom of the golden dragon
In a kingdom called the Dells, Fire is the last human-shaped monster, with unimaginable beauty and the ability to control the minds of those around her, but even with these gifts she cannot escape the strife that overcomes her world.
Pyramids : a Discworld novel
Blade of fire
Lives of the Indian princes
Separated from the girl he loves and has sworn to protect, Froi and his companions travel through Charyn searching for Quintana and building an army that will secure her unborn child's right to rule. While in the valley between two kingdoms, Quintana of Charyn and Isaboe of Lumatere come face-to-face in a showdown that will result in heartbreak for one and power for the other / WorldCat.
Occupational and qualification structures in the field of environmental protection in the metal and chemical industries in the United Kingdom
Urhea
Media, monarchy and power
Prince of Persia : the sands of time
Froi of the exiles
Three months after the Brexit vote : the current state of play
The splendour of power : early medieval kingship and the use of gold and silver in the southern North Sea area (5th to 7th century AD)
Opening of the Finnish exhibition on trans-atlantic migration via the UK
The unwilling warlord
Sons of the blood
King Flashypants and the creature from Crong
Eighteen-year-old Bitterblue, queen of Monsea, realizes her heavy responsibility and the futility of relying on advisors who surround her with lies as she tries to help her people to heal from the thirty-five-year spell cast by her father, a violent psychopath with mind-altering abilities.
Kingdoms and chiefdoms of southeastern Africa : oral traditions and history, 1400-1830
On 23 June 2016, the United Kingdom will hold a referendum on whether to remain in or leave the European Union. Opinion polls suggest the outcome of the vote is uncertain. Given that no country has yet left the EU, there are no experiences of the consequences of exit to draw on. The economic implications will largely depend on the arrangements for economic relations between the EU and the UK. However, the risk of the UK leaving the EU has already pushed down the exchange rate of the pound. The status of the City of London as an international financial centre would probably weaken, and some financial actors might relocate to the euro area..
Sikkim : requiem for a Himalayan kingdom
State and society in middle and late Silla
Game of thrones. The complete sixth season
Ancient Chorasmia was a polity which belonged to the Indo-Iranian cultural koine of Central Asia. It was situated at the northern borders of these territories surrounded by deserts, thus relatively isolated as an "oasis" during its long history. After the pioneering work of Soviet archaeologist S.P. Tolstov and colleagues in the region (correspondent with parts of today's Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan), the polity has been neglected and since then the idea of its cultural isolation in the frame of Central Asian antiquity acknowledged by scholars. But the history of this ancient Persian "nation" is a history of exchanges and interrelations, closely related with the social and cultural development of the whole Central Asian region and of the Eurasian Steppes. This book is centred on the study of these external relations and considers their impact on the inner development of the polity during a time span of ca. six centuries. The chosen timeframe corresponds with the period beginning with the emergence of true settled civilisation in Ancient Chorasmia - with its integration in the Achaemenid sphere of influence - and ends with the expansion of the Kushan Empire in Central Asia - after the advance of the Hellenistic civilisation. This volume presents new hypotheses on the historical position of Chorasmia within Central Asia, challenging the current established chronology which needed to be revisited in the light of the most recent scholarly and field works on the subject.
Working conditions and the small and medium-sized enterprises : United Kingdom
At the end of June, 17.4 million people voted for the United Kingdom to leave the EU. Share prices plummeted, the value of the pound crashed and the country was plunged into high political turmoil. The faster-than-expected appointment of a new prime minister helped to dampen political uncertainty, and market reaction quickly subsided. The effects on the real economy will be evident only later. Three months after the referendum, the UK has still not notified the European Council of its intention to leave and is still an official EU member state..
Ritual regicide versus strife : on divine kingship as an order-creating element in the political life of two Owambo kingdoms : a re-evaluation of the political significance of sacred kingship
Occupational profiles of vocational counsellors in the United Kingdom
Birth of the Witch King
The monument of the Crimean war Finnish soldiers in England
Finnikin of the rock
The cry of the icemark
The seven deadly sins. 4
Snow white & the huntsman : a novel
The monument, in Lewes, East Sussex, is dedicated to the 28 Finns who died in the local prison, after being captured when the British attacked the Åland Islands during the Crimean War 1854-1856..
The seven deadly sins. 5
Hadon of ancient Opar
The mirror king
The seven deadly sins. 1
Ancient Chorasmia : a polity between the semi-nomadic and sedentary cultural areas of Central Asia : cultural interactions and local developments from the sixth century BC to the first century AD
The medieval empire in Central Europe : dynastic continuity in the post-Carolingian Frankish realm, 900-1300
Throne of the crescent moon
Brave : the essential guide
Tiny epic kingdoms
The splintered kingdom
Community support frameworks 1989-93 : for the development of rural areas (Objective 5b) : United Kingdom : Brussels, 6 June 1990
The conseil privâe and the parlements in the age of Louis XIV : a study in French absolutism
Game of thrones. 2, A clash of kings
The settlers. 7 : Paths to a kingdom : PC DVD-ROM
The fifth season
Nightspell
The lost kingdoms of Africa
A cast of stones
Warriors of the storm
Trinity
Knights of the hawk
Immigrant entrepreneurs : venturing abroad in the age of globalization
The king's name
Community renewable energy in the northern periphery : an argument for policy change
Valtaistuinpeli : Game of thrones. 5. kausi
In the dying days of the Wars of the Roses a secret war is born. The battle for a crown is about to become a fight for the world. Bastard son, mercenary soldier, protector of the rightful king, seeker of a secret more treacherous than any in Christendom: Jack Wynter is destined to live in dangerous times. In England, the Wars of the Roses ended a decade ago with the fall of the House of Lancaster and the victory of King Edward of York. But peace sleeps uneasy in this divided realm and when the king dies unexpectedly it isn't long before old blood feuds and ambitions are awoken.
Quintana of charyn
Crown of midnight
Game of thrones : PlayStation 3
Interpreting Management and policy in Finland, United Kingdom and Germany
The magician's land
The age of the successors and the creation of the Hellenistic kingdoms (323-276 B.C.)
The seven deadly sins. 9
Crown and country : a history of England through the monarchy
The assassin's blade
Grimms' fairy tales
A Game of thrones : the graphic novel. Vol 2
Night of the hunter
Throne of the Crescent Moon
"Ecclesia Nidrosiensis" and "Noregs veldi" : the role of the church in the making of Norwegian domination in the Norse world
The broken kingdoms
Game of thrones : Xbox 360
A passing power : an examination of the sources for the history of Aram-Damascus in the second half of the ninth century B.C
The seven deadly sins. 7
Carpe Jugulum : a Discworld novel
A storm of swords. Part 1, Steel and snow
Bunyoro : an African kingdom
The last threshold
The seven deadly sins. 8
Brightly woven
Lords and ladies : a Discworld novel
The mysterious numbers of the Hebrew kings : a reconstruction of the chronology of the kingdoms of Israel and Judah
Educational and vocational guidance services for the 14-25 age group : the United Kingdom, the Republik of Ireland and Greece
Kingdoms of Europe : an illustrated encyclopedia of ruling monarchs from ancient times to the present
The orphan queen
Ten years after he pledges an oath in blood to protect Lumatere, Finnikin's cursed kingdom is at the mercy of a murderous imposter. He and his mentor must enlist the help of Evanjalin, an enigmatic young woman who claims the heir to the throne still lives. As Finnikin fights for the truth, he must also contend with his own feelings for her.
The cabinet of curiosities
Jordan : a Hashemite legacy
Nuclear-free security : refocusing nuclear disarmament and the review of the nuclear non-proliferation treaty
The red queen
Sanctuary
The kingdom of gods
Quintana of Charyn
Game of thrones : PlayStation 4
A game of thrones
Sworn sword
The Scorpion King 3 : battle for redemption
Amber and ashes
The seven deadly sins. 3
Occupational and qualification structures in the field of environmental protection in the public sector with reference to air pollution control : United Kingdom
Kongo in the Age of Empire, 1860-1913 : The Breakdown of a Moral Order
The seven deadly sins. 2
The lady of the Rivers
Charon's claw
A feast for crows
Tides of time
From a master of contemporary fantasy comes the first novel of a landmark series unlike any you've ever read before. With A Game of Thrones, George R. R. Martin has launched a genuine masterpiece, bringing together the best the genre has to offer. Mystery, intrigue, romance, and adventure fill the pages of this magnificent saga, the first volume in an epic series sure to delight fantasy fans everywhere.
The king's peace
A brief history of Montmaray
Graceling
Kingship in Indian history
Game of Thrones : Xbox One
The shadowed sun
What would Brexit mean for the financial markets?
A dance with dragons
Ancient kingdoms of West Africa : Africa-centred and Canaanite-Israelite perspectives : a collection of published and unpublished studies in English and French
