http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11387 inheritance law
inheritance law
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 5, Succession : Chapter 8-9 : Liability for obligations of the inheritance ; Succession to agricultural property
Studies in legal systems : mixed and mixing
For a long period of history, lack of access to the land has been seen as one of the most decisive factors in preventing the marriage of large parts of the rural population. This volume offers an up-to-date discussion of the interaction between inheritance practices, marriage and the household formation of those who inherited as well as of those who were excluded from inheriting the family farm or part of it. It considers to what extent and for which reasons significant differences in inheritance patterns and in the structure of rural households can be observed in Europe right up to the present. This volume focuses on impartible as well as partible inheritance and examines how the timing of property transfer, modes of transfer (ante-mortem or post-mortem) and also retirement practices gave rise to many different strategies which differed widely not only in semi-subsistence, seignorial economies, but also in highly market-oriented economies.
Private international law in Russia
Studies on the Islamic law of inheritance
The law of succession
The revival of private law in Central and Eastern Europe : essays in honor of F.J.M. Feldbrugge
Fenjia : household division and inheritance in Qing and Republican China
"The fall and restoration of Elin Tönnesdotter" : land, noble property strategies and the law in early seventeenth-century Sweden
Principles of European family law regarding property relations between spouses
Women and property in early modern England
Race, religion, and law in colonial India : trials of an interracial family
A treatise on wills
Passing on : kinship and inheritance in England
International Restitution Conference : Estonian-Russian co-operation in museology : the history and the disposition of an art collection established by professor Morgenstern at Tartu University in 1803 : 15 and 16 September 2000 Tartu, Estonia
Law, land, & family : aristocratic inheritance in England, 1300 to 1800
Frontiers of family law
Enforcing international cultural heritage law
Introduction to German law
Theobald on wills. 1. supplement [to] 14. ed
Landholding and land transfer in the North Sea area (late Middle Ages-19th century)
Testamentary formalities
Introduction to Greek law
Imperative inheritance law in a late-modern society : five perspectives
Debates in family law around the globe at the dawn of the 21st century
This ground-breaking book reveals the economic reality of ordinary women between the late 16th and early 18th centuries. Drawing on little-known sources, Amy Louise Erickson reconstructs day-to-day lives, showing how women owned, managed and inherited property on a scale previously unrecognised. Her complex and fascinating research, which contrasts the written laws with the actual practice, completely revises the traditional picture of women's economic status in pre-industrial England. Women and Property is essential reading for anyone interested in women, law and the past.
Japanese law and legal theory
Understanding Islamic law : from classical to contemporary
"Through a landmark court case in mid-nineteenth century colonial India, this book investigates hierarchy and racial difference in the British encounter with Indian society"--
An introduction to Finnish law
Playing darts with a Rembrandt : public and private rights in cultural treasures
Ainu minzoku no fukken : senju minzoku to kizuku arata na shakai = Restoration of the Ainu as an indigenous people: building a japanese society in solidarity with the Ainu
Confronting the frontiers of family and succession law : liber amicorum Walter Pintens
Estate inheritance in the Italian Alps
The International Academy of Estate and Trust Law : selected papers 1997-1999
Decedents' estates, wills and trusts in the U.S.A
The protection of the underwater cultural heritage : an emerging objective of the contemporary law of the sea
Dead hands : a social history of wills, trusts, and inheritance law
Fundamentals of Roman private law
Copyrighting creativity : creative values, cultural heritage institutions and systems of intellectual property
Parry & Clark : the law of succession
World Heritage sites and indigenous peoples' rights
Is inheritance legitimate? : ethical and economic aspects of wealth tranfers
Gendered rural spaces
Finnish law as an option : private international law in Finland
International double taxation of estates and inheritances
Tyler's family provision
Recent developments in European conflict of laws : contracts, torts, family, and successions
Papers of the International Academy of Estate and Trust Law
Many discussions of J. S. Mill's concept of liberty focus too narrowly on On Liberty and fail to acknowledge that his treatment of related issues elsewhere may modify its leading doctrines. Mill and Paternalism demonstrates how a contextual reading suggests that in Principles of Political Economy, and also his writings on Ireland, India and on domestic issues like land reform, Mill proposed a substantially more interventionist account of the state than On Liberty seems to imply. This helps to explain Mill's sympathies for socialism after 1848, as well as his Malthusianism and feminism, which, in conjunction with Harriet Taylor's views, are central to his later discussions of the family and marriage. Feminism, indeed, is shown to provide the answer to the problem which most agitated Mill, overpopulation. Thus Gregory Claeys sheds new lights on many of Mill's overarching preoccupations, including the theory of liberty at the heart of On Liberty.
Wills, inheritance, and families
Law and the cultural heritage. Vol. 3, The movement
Copyright and cultural heritage : preservation and access to works in a digital world
Inheritance practices, marriage strategies and household formation in European rural societies
Shiʻa inheritance law
Conflits et harmonisation : mélanges en l'honneur d' Alfred E. von Overbeck à l'occasion de son 65ème anniversaire = Kollision und Vereinheitlichung = Conflicts and harmonization
Bequests, property rights and cost-benefit analysis
Civil code of the Russian federation : parts one, two and three
The family and inheritance
Nieuw Nederlands burgerlijk wetboek : het vermogensrecht (zakenrecht, verbintenissenrecht en bijzondere overeenkomsten) = New Netherlands civil code : patrimonial law (property, obligations and special contracts) = Nouveau code civil Néerlandais : le droit patrimonoal (les biens, les obligations et les contrats particuliers)
Iranian family and succession laws and their application in German courts
Lakikielen sanakirja : suomi-englanti = Finnish-English law dictionary
International humanitarian law and international human rights law : pas de deux
Family law in Europe
Access to Finnish law
The Code Napoleon, or, The French Civil Code
The law of inheritance in Eastern Europe and in the People's Republic of China : I. Eastern Europe, a symposium
Theobald on wills
Materials on trusts and estates
Catalogue of the Arabic and Persian manuscripts in the Khuda Bakhsh Oriental Public Library. Vol. 34, Jurisprudence and law of inheritance
The trouble with ribs : women, men and gender in early modern Europe
Family law and the law of succession
Mill and paternalism
The scope of the rule locus regit actum in the conflict of laws
The law of inheritance in all fifty states
The law and practice of intestate succession
Property in question : value transformation in the global economy
The external dimension of EC private international law in family and succession matters
The machinery of succession
Principles of Hindu law
Modern studies in property law. Volume 1, Property 2000
Principles of Scottish private law. 4
Precedence in England and Wales
Indigenous heritage and self-determination : the cultural and intellectual property rights of indigenous peoples
Inheritance act claims : law and practice
Indigenous peoples' cultural property claims : repatriation and beyond
The logic of female succession : rethinking patriarchy and patrilineality in global and historical perspective
Les successions internationales dans l'UE : perspectives pour une harmonisation = Conflict of law of succession in the European Union : perspectives for a harmonisation = Internationales Erbrecht in der EU : Perspektiven einer Harmonisierung
A woman's kingdom : noblewomen and the control of property in Russia, 1700-1861
Access to finnish law
Introduction to Swiss law
Inheritance and wealth inequality in Britain
What ̀s yours is mine : indeterminacy in cultural property restitution debate
The law of succession, testamentary freedom : European perspectives
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 5, Succession : Chapter 3 : Intestate succession
Lakikielen sanakirja : englanti-suomi = English-Finnish law dictionary
"How did British rule in India transform persons from lower social classes? Could Indians from such classes rise in the world by marrying Europeans and embracing their religion and customs? This book explores such questions by examining the intriguing story of an interracial family who lived in southern India in the mid-nineteenth century. The family, which consisted of two untouchable brothers, both of whom married Eurasian women, became wealthy as distillers in the local community. When one brother died, a dispute arose between his wife and brother over family assets, which resulted in a landmark court case, Abraham v. Abraham. It is this case which is at the center of this book, and which Chandra Mallampalli uses to examine the lives of those involved and, by extension, of those - 271 witnesses in all - who testified. In its multilayered approach, the book sheds light not only on interracial marriage, class, religious allegiance, and gender, but also on the British encounter with Indian society. It shows that far from being products of a "civilizing mission" who embraced the ways of Englishmen, the Abrahams were ultimately - when faced with the strictures of the colonial legal system - obliged to contend with hierarchy and racial difference"--
International aspects of succession
The law of inheritance and the best interest of the child in Botswana
