http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11314 inorganic compounds
inorganic compounds
Measurements of inorganic ions and their precursor gases in ambient air in Finland
Synthetic methods of organometallic and inorganic chemistry (Herrmann/Brauer). Vol. 5, Copper, silver, gold, zinc, cadmium, and mercury
Taphonomy and interpretation
Elastic properties and structural stabilities of elements and compounds
Solubilities of inorganic and organic compounds. Volume 1, Part 2, Binary systems
The formation of organic compounds and subsequent emissions from ventilation filters
Synthetic methods of organometallic and inorganic chemistry (Herrmann/Brauer). Vol. 10, Catalysis
Applicability of comprehensive two-dimensional gas chromatography : time-of-flight mass spectrometry to environmental non-target screening : special emphasis on wastewater
Handbook of thermal conductivity. Vol. 4, Inorganic compounds and elements
Optical spectra and chemical bonding in transition metal complexes. Special volume II dedicated to professor Jørgensen
Shriver & Atkins inorganic chemistry
Thermochemical properties of inorganic substances. 1
Chemistry : course companion
Thermochemical properties of inorganic substances. 2
Principles of inorganic materials design
Chemical risk analysis
Synthesis of inorganic materials
The effect of urban vegetation on the spatial distribution of traffic related air pollution : possible effects of artificial aeration
Thermochemical properties of inorganic substances
Synthetic methods of organometallic and inorganic chemistry (Herrmann/Brauer). Vol. 4, Sulfur, selenium, and tellium
Inorganic aerosol formation during black liquor drop combustion
CRC handbook of chemistry and physics : a ready-reference book of chemical and physical data
Bioremediation of inorganics
Synthetic methods of organometallic and inorganic chemistry (Herrmann/Brauer). Vol. 7, Transition metals. Part 1
Studies of inorganic layer and framework structures using time-, temperature- and pressure-resolved powder diffraction techniques
Solubilities of inorganic and organic compounds. Volume 1, Part 1, Binary systems
Conservation of cultural heritage, Cleaning porous inorganic materials : laser cleaning techniques for cultural heritage
Inorganic materials
"Hybrid nanomaterials are unique conjugates of organic/inorganic structures. Hybrid Nanomaterials: Synthesis, Characterization, and Applications presents the basic principles underlying the synthesis and fabrication of nanohybrids, their benefits, self-assembly and fabrication, and applications. This book discusses the most recent developments pertaining to the synthesis, characterizations, and applications of hybrid nanomaterials in a format that various disciplines can understand and use. Written by experts in this field, the text provides a fundamental insight into tricks, tools, and challenges associated with these technique or technology for engineers and scientists".
Synthetic methods of organometallic and inorganic chemistry (Herrmann/Brauer). Vol. 9, Transition metals : part 3
Veden laatu = Water quality. Osa 4 = Part 4, Vesikemialliset menetelmät, epäorgaaninen kemia, metallimääritykset vedestä = Chemical methods, inorganic chemistry, the methods for metals in water analysis
An introduction to the optical spectroscopy of inorganic solids
Electrophotography
Why there's antifreeze in your toothpaste : the chemistry of household ingredients
Experimental and computational studies of transition metal complexes with polydentate amino- and amidophenolate ligands : synthesis, structure, reactivity and magnetic properties
The Nordic Expert Group for Criteria Documentation of Health Risks from Chemicals : 138. p Microbial volatile organic compounds (MVOCs)
Interaction of monoanionic phosphonates and phosphinates, their sulfur analogues and dianionic bisphosphonates with dicationic calcium and magnesium ions
A comprehensive guide to the hazardous properties of chemical substances
Synthetic methods of organometallic and inorganic chemistry (Herrmann/Brauer). Vol. 8, Transition metals. Part 2
CRC handbook of chemistry and physics
On chemical denudation caused by ground water in central Finnish Lapland
Compilation and critical examination of surface energy values of solid alloys and inorganic compounds
Inorganic trace analysis : philosophy & practice
Environmental soil chemistry
Hybrid nanomaterials : synthesis, characterization, and applications
Veden laatu = Water quality. Osa 3 = Part 3, Vesikemialliset menetelmät, epäorgaaninen kemia, perusmääritykset vedestä = Chemical methods, inorganic chemistry, basic methods in water analysis
CRC handbook of chemistry and physics. 90th : ready-reference book of chemical and physical data
Personal exposures to volatile organic compounds and carbonyls : relationships to microenvironment concentrations and analysis of sources
Syntheses, structures, and bonding of novel chalcogen-nitrogen heterocycles
Environmental impact of soil component interactions. Vol. 2, Metals, other inorganics, and microbial activities
The characterisation of inorganic matter in solid fuel by SEM-EDS
Analysis of the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants
"Written primarily as a textbook for upper-level undergraduate and beginning graduate students, this book provides fundamental knowledge concerning the biological and health effects of pollutants on living systems. Also able to serve as a reference for professionals, the book stresses the chemical and biological characteristics of major pollutants found in the air, water, and soil, and their impacts on the health and wellbeing of humans, animals, and plants. This new edition is greatly expanded and updated, includes a color insert, and contains a new chapter on Occupational Toxicology"--Provided by publisher.
Indoor air contaminants in office buildings
Solubilities of inorganic and organic compounds. Vol. 2, Ternary and multicomponent systems. Part 2
General chemistry : the essential concepts
Solubilities of inorganic and organic compounds. Vol. 2, Ternary systems. Part 1
Epäorgaanisen kemian nimistö = Finnish nomenclature of inorganic chemistry
Sources and concentrations of volatile organic compounds in urban air
Optical spectroscopy of inorganic solids
Ozonolysis of constitutively-emitted and herbivory-induced volatile organic compounds (VOCs) from plants : consequences in multitrophic interactions
Novel imidoselenium compounds and their metal complexes
Theoretical studies on adsorption interactions on inorganic surfaces : applications to semiconductors and inorganic oxides
Biodegradation and bioremediation
Structural, magnetic and spectroscopic properties of rare earth luminescent materials
The measurement variability of the one-stage and two-stage filter-pack methods in monitoring of atmospheric gaseous and particulate-bound inorganic compounds
Hybrid membrane processes in industrial water treatment : separation and recovery of inorganic compounds
Energy materials
Environmental toxicology : biological and health effects of pollutants
New heterodonor phosphine and bipyridine ligands
Preparation and characterization of novel selenium nitrogen and selenium halogen compounds
The microscopical characters of artificial inorganic solid substances : optical properties of artificial minerals
Odor and VOC control handbook
Chlorinated organic micropollutants
Conservation of cultural heritage, Surface protection for porous inorganic materials : laboratory test methods for the evaluation of the performance of water repellent products
Multiple bonds between metals atoms, third edition
The synthesis and characterization of inorganic compounds
The inorganic chemistry of materials : how to make things out of elements
11th Nordic-Baltic Symposium : Functioning of NOM in the environment : June 10-13 2007, Joensuu, Finland : Abstracts
Tenax as a collection medium for volatile organic compounds : literature survey
Infrared and Raman spectra of inorganic and coordination compounds
