http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11362 wisdom
wisdom
Divine Judgement and divine benevolence in the Book of Wisdom
Zen wisdom : daily teachings from the Zen masters
Tsong-kha-pa's final exposition of wisdom
In Turning Proverbs towards Torah, Elisa Uusimäki offers the first monograph on the early Jewish wisdom text 4Q525 from Qumran. Following the reconstruction of the fragmentary manuscript, Uusimäki analyses the text with a focus on the reception and renewal of the Proverbs tradition and the ways in which 4Q525 illustrates aspects of Jewish pedagogy in the late Second Temple period. She argues that the author was inspired by Proverbs 1-9 but sought to demonstrate that true wisdom is found in the concept of torah. He also weaved dualistic elements and eschatological ideas into the wisdom frame. The author's intention, Uusimäki argues, is to form the audience spiritually, encouraging it to trust in divine protection and blessings that are bestowed upon the pious.
Seeing the world and knowing God : Hebrew wisdom and Christian doctrine in a late-modern context
Understanding wisdom literature : conflict and dissonance in the Hebrew text
Manuscript found In Accra
Seeking the imperishable treasure : wealth, wisdom, and a Jesus saying
Social structures, aging, and self-regulation in the elderly
The way of wisdom in the Old Testament
One smart fish
A prevailing curious mind : lifelong learning consists of experience, know-how, personal growth and wisdom
Where can wisdom be found? : the Sage's language in the Bible and in ancient Egyptian literature
The wisdom of crowds : why the many are smarter than the few
The Paul-Apollos relationship and Paul's stance toward Greco-Roman rhetoric : an exegetical and socio-historical study of 1 Corinthians 1-4
Jewish wisdom in the Hellenistic age
The art of worldly wisdom
Job : where shall wisdom be found?
Wisdom literature and the structure of proverbs
Wisdom and Philosophy: Contemporary and Comparative Approaches questions the nature of the relationship between wisdom and philosophy from an intercultural perspective. Bringing together an international mix of respected philosophers, this volume discusses similarities and differences of Western and Asian pursuits of wisdom and reflects on attempts to combine them. Contributors cover topics such as Confucian ethics, the acquisition of wisdom in pre-Qin literature and anecdotes of stupidity in the classical Chinese tradition, while also addressing contemporary topics such as global Buddhism and analytic metaphysics. Providing original examples of comparative philosophy, contributors look at ideas and arguments of thinkers such as Confucius, Zhuangzi and Zhu Xi alongside the work of Aristotle, Plato and Heidegger. Presenting Asian perspectives on philosophy as practical wisdom, Wisdom and Philosophy is a rare intercultural inquiry into the relation between wisdom and philosophy. It provides new ways of understanding how wisdom connects to philosophy and underlines the need to reintroduce it into philosophy today.
Wisdom and folly in Euripides
Sophia, the Wisdom of God, has spoken to human beings at many different times and places since primeval times. Her origin in God places her alongside the Logos in cosmic significance while at the same time raising deep questions concerning her role in human evolution. What was her connection to Eve and to Mary? How has she been worshipped in the past and what is our proper relationship to her now? Michael Debus discusses archetypes of the feminine and Sophia's relationship to Mary, Jesus and the Holy Spirit, and most importantly, Sophia's significance for modern, seeking human souls. Written from an anthroposophical perspective, his sources include the Old and New Testaments, the writings of the early church fathers, as well as those of the Orthodox Church (especially Vladimir Solovyov), the Christian mystic Jakob Bohme, and many others. Basic Christian concepts such as creation, the law, sin, death and resurrection, forgiveness, redemption, and the Christian idea of spiritual evolution in freedom, appear richer and more plausible when seen in the light of Sophia's connection to humanity. This book compresses a wealth of ideas into a few chapters, and will serve many as a stimulus for further study of the role of the divine feminine in our spiritual striving.
God's Twilight Zone : wisdom in the Hebrew Bible
Wisdom and the senses : the way of creativity
Gospel and wisdom : Israel's wisdom literature in the Christian life
Creativity, wisdom, and trusteeship : exploring the role of education
Reason and insight : Western and Eastern perspectives on the pursuit of moral wisdom
The role of loss in the development of wisdom : practical knowledge, personality, structure and self-transcendence
Essential feng shui : step-by-step guide to enhancing your relationships, health, and prosperity
The pocket Thich Nhat Hanh
In addition to these major lines of inquiry, a number of other questions are pursued that are relevant to the analysis of religious epistemology, including the significance of interpretations of Genesis 1-3, the presence or absence of Torah as an explicit and formal source of revelation, and the practical dimensions of particular kinds of claims about divine revelation.
Summary: Knowledge, edification and practical wisdom.
Transgressive tales : queering the Grimms
"This collection of essays is focused on the wisdom traditions of the Hebrew Bible, including the Book of Sira. The biblical books are read as literary works on their own as well as in an ancient Near Eastern setting. Some essays scrutinize Greek and Hellenistic wisdom traditions. The authors refrain from a definition of 'wisdom' which would have been a reductionist exercise in view of the great variety of material and the complexity of the perennial problems (wo)mankind is confronted with"--
Wisdom literature
Where shall wisdom be found?
Wisdom, intuition and ethics
There has been scant scholarship on the epistemology of the Psalter. This work presents a comparative epistemological analysis of the wisdom motifs in Psalms 1, 73, 90, and 107, selected on the basis of their epistemic content and canonical placement within the Psalter.
Jesus the sage : the pilgrimage of wisdom
Wisdom : assessment, development and correlates
The collected works of Ken Wilber. Vol. 8, The marriage of sense and soul ; One taste
Wisdom : explorations in adult competence
Understanding information
Wisdom epistemology in the Psalter : a study of psalms 1, 73, 90, and 107
Mythos and logos : how to regain the love of wisdom
Manuscript found in Accra
Wisdom in ancient Israel : essays in honour of J. A. Emerton
Just one thing : developing a Buddha brain one simple practice at a time
The early Enoch literature
A compelling investigation into one of the most coveted and cherished ideals, "Wisdom" also chronicles the efforts of modern science to penetrate the mysterious nature of this timeless virtue.
Reading texts, seeking wisdom : scripture and theology
Extraordinary times, extraordinary beings : experiences of an american diplomat with maitreya and the masters of wisdom
Leading with Wisdom : spiritual-based leadership in business
The Book of Wisdom in modern research : studies on tradition, redaction and theology
Living philosophy : reflections on life, meaning and morality
Sophia, the wisdom of God : an outline of sophiology
What is the history of knowledge?
The value of creativity : the origins and emergence of a modern belief
The stoic sage : the early stoics on wisdom, sagehood and Socrates
The perfection of wisdom : the career of the predestined Buddhas
Love without pretense : Romans 12.9-21 and Hellenistic-Jewish wisdom literature
Since the end of the nineteenth century, Ireland has witnessed a profound reconfiguration of its cultural, political, constitutional and religious identities, resulting in an unparalleled questioning of the dominant discourses and narratives that have seemingly defined the nation. The essays in this collection examine the ways in which established Irish socio-cultural structures of authority and their constructs of collective identity have been challenged within literary and cultural discourses of the twentieth and twenty-first centuries. Every challenge to the purported wisdom of these authority structures adds a new facet to the complexity of Irish national identity and contributes to the continuous evolution of the 'New Ireland', a phrase often used to signify the momentous transformations of the country in times of change.
Waayo-Aragnimadii Cigaal Shidaad iyo Ceebla = The adventures of Egal Shidad and Ebla
Another significant area of exploration in this project is the way that the religious epistemology of each text relates to its tendency to make stark distinctions between insiders and outsiders. It will be demonstrated that religious epistemology is closely related to the establishment of a "sectarian consciousness" in the texts that represent developments of the wisdom tradition.
The feminine personification of wisdom : a study of Homer's Penelope, Cappadocian Macrina, Boethius' Philosophia, and Dante's Beatrice
Israel's sacred songs : A study of dominant themes
This book aims to create a Christian theology of wisdom for the present day, in discussion with two sets of conversation-partners. The first are writers of the 'wisdom literature' in ancient Israel and the Jewish community in Alexandria. Here, special attention is given to the biblical books of Proverbs, Job and Ecclesiastes. The second conversation-partners are philosophers and thinkers of the late-modern age, among them Jacques Derrida, Emmanuel Levinas, Julia Kristeva, Paul Ricoeur and Hannah Arendt. In the late-modern period there has been a reaction against an inherited conception of the conscious and rational self as mastering and even subjugating the world around, and there has been an attempt to overcome the consequent split between the subject and objects of observation. Paul S. Fiddes enters into dialogue with these late-modern concerns about the relation between the self and the world, proposing that the wisdom which is indicated by the ancient Hebraic concept of okmah integrates a 'practical wisdom' of handling daily experience with the kind of wisdom which is 'attunement' to the world and ultimately to God as creator and sustainer of all. Fiddes brings detailed exegesis of texts from the ancient wisdom literature into interaction with an account of the subject in late-modern thought, in order to form a theology in which seeing the world is knowing a God whose transcendent reality is always immanent in the signs and bodies of the world. He thus argues that participation in a triune, relational God shapes a wisdom that addresses problems of a dominating self, and opens the human person to others.
Early Israelite wisdom
"The volume throws fresh light on a major polarity in Euripidean drama, including its roots in the tradition and its reception in vase-painting and literature. Virtually all Euripidean characters are subject to folly and claim some measure of wisdom. Leading international scholars discuss the polarity and the plays' ambiguities from various angles and theoretical perspectives, offering trenchant insights into moral, social and historical issues."--
Millennium : tribal wisdom and the modern world
Goochem in mokum, wisdom in Amsterdam : papers on biblical and related wisdom read at the fifteenth joint meeting of the Society of Old Testament study and the Oudtestamentisch Werkgezelschap, Amsterdam, July 2012
Wisdom : a history
Trees of wisdom
This dissertation is a close study of the religious epistemologies of three related Dead Sea Scrolls texts---4QInstruction, the Discourse on the Two Spirits of the Community Rule, and the Hodayot (Thanksgiving Psalms). The major conclusion advanced in this project is that two different religious epistemologies can be detected among these texts. The religious epistemologies of 4QInstruction, the Discourse on the Two Spirits, and the so-called "community hymns" of the Hodayot share a common set of assumptions, concepts, and rhetorical strategies that has been significantly influenced by the wisdom tradition. The religious epistemology of the so-called "teacher hymns" of the Hodayot, however, is grounded not in sapiential but rather in prophetic models of revelation.
The wisdom within
Wisdoms of humanity : Buddhism, paganism, and Christianity
Does cultural knowledge entail normative wisdom
The virago book of fairy tales
From knowledge to wisdom : a revolution in the aims and methods of science
Studies in the Book of Ben Sira : papers of the Third International Conference on the Deuterocanonical Books, Shimeʻon Centre, Pápa, Hungary, 18-20 May, 2006
The Colossian controversy : wisdom in dispute at Colossae
The personification of Wisdom
Wisdom, intelligence, and creativity synthesized
Moral wisdom and good lives
Tiny Buddha's guide to loving yourself : 40 ways to transform your inner critic and your life
The fundamental wisdom of the middle way : Nāgārjuna's Mūlamadhyamakakārikā
This book tracks the use of a single saying of Jesus over time and among theologically divergent authors and communities and identifies six different versions of the saying in the canonical gospels and epistles, as well as the Gospel of Thomas and Q. After tracing the tradition and redaction history of this wisdom admonition, the author observes at least two distinctly different wisdom themes that are applied to the saying: the proper disposition of wealth and the search for knowledge, wisdom, or God. What he discovers is a saying of Jesus with roots in Jewish wisdom and pietistic traditions, as well as popular Greek philosophy that proved amazingly adaptable in its application to differing social and rhetorical contexts of the first century.
Mary and Sophia : the feminine element in the spiritual evolution of humanity
Conflict over wisdom : the theme of 1 Corinthians 1-4 rooted in Scripture
Can self- and other-ratings of wisdom predict wisdom-related performance?
Buddhist animal wisdom stories
Religious epistemologies in the Dead Sea scrolls : the heritage and transformation of the wisdom tradition
The sword and the stylus : an invitation to wisdom in the age of empires
The pillar function of the speeches of wisdom : Proverbs 1:20-33, 8:1-36, and 9:1-6 in the structural framework of Proverbs 1-9
This short guide to the book of Job launches a new series of guides to the Hebrew Bible that present the latest developments and most up-to-date scholarship in biblical studies. In the light of dramatic new hermeneutical approaches to the Bible that have characterized the last couple of decades, this guide to Job follows both literary and readerly approaches to the book that acknowledge the traditional historical questions but find others yet more pressing for our time. Job is a work of great literature that has engaged readers, scholars, sceptics and believers for many centuries. This guide reflects that diversity in its rounded picture of exciting new work that is taking place in the present-day readerly arena. Each chapter contains a 'key text' that highlights a particular section of the text of Job that serves as a focus for a topic of current concern. A special emphasis and interest of Katharine Dell is the matter of genre. She shows how problematic the term 'wisdom' is for this unique book, and argues that its radical sentiments earn it, rather, the title of 'parody'. Of all the biblical books it comes closest to tragedy, raising profound questions about its nature and place in the biblical canon. Job's relationship to its ancient Near Eastern counterparts, notably in ancient Mesopotamia, are also closely examined and key theological themes that characterize the book are explored. Finally different readerly approaches-feminist, liberationist, ecological and psychological-are pursued that illuminate and inform our own personal readings and generate ever fresh understandings of this enigmatic text. This is the first volume in a series, written by members of the Society for Old Testament Study, that is planned to cover all the books of the Old Testament / Hebrew Bible. There is a parallel series for the New Testament books.
The journey to wisdom : self-education in patristic and medieval literature
A handbook of wisdom : psychological perspectives
Logos and Sophie : the rhetorical situation of 1 Corinthians
The diamond sutra : the Buddha also said..
Scribes, sages, and seers : the sage in the Eastern Mediterranean world
Wisdom and philosophy : contemporary and comparative approaches
The power of saving wisdom : an investigation of spirit and wisdom in relation to the soteriology of the fourth gospel
Old Testament wisdom : an introduction
Knowledge, teaching and wisdom
The book of leadership and strategy : lessons of the Chinese masters
Sirach, scrolls, and sages : proceedings of a Second International Symposium on the Hebrew of the Dead Sea Scrolls, Ben Sira, and the Mishnah, held at Leiden University, 15-17 December 1997
The hermeneutics of the "Happy" ending in Job 42:7-17
Aristotle's ethics and medieval philosophy : moral goodness and practical wisdom
Ibn Taymiyya's Theodicy of perpetual optimism
Wisdom : its nature, origins, and development
Wisdom in the university
Don't wipe your bum with a hedgehog
Wisdom, you are my sister : studies in honor of Roland E. Murphy, O. Carm., on the occasion of his eightieth birthday
Turning Proverbs towards Torah : an analysis of 4Q525
Wisdom's root revealed : Ben Sira and the election of Israel
From knowledge to wisdom : a revolution for science and the humanities
Examines the attribution of abstract values to women by analyzing four characters spanning literary genres and more that 2000 years. This book looks at allegorical personification of Sophia, or wisdom, in ancient and medieval philosophy and literature, examining four feminine figures who personify wisdom.
The worldly and heavenly wisdom of 4QInstruction
Colossians : encouragement to walk in all wisdom as holy ones in Christ
Wisdom and apocalypticism in the Dead Sea scrolls and in the biblical tradition
From Knowledge to Wisdom argues that there is an urgent need, for both intellectual and humanitarian reasons, to bring about a revolution in science and the humanities. The outcome would be a kind of academic inquiry rationally devoted to helping humanity learn how to create a better world. The basic intellectual aim of inquiry would be to seek and promote wisdom - wisdom being the capacity to realize what is of value in life for oneself and others, thus including knowledge and technological know-how, but much else besides. "There are altogether too many symptoms of malaise in our science-based society for Nicholas Maxwell's diagnosis to be ignored." Professor Christopher Longuet-Higgins, Nature. "a strong effort is needed if one is to stand back and clearly state the objections to the whole enormous tangle of misconceptions which surround the notion of science to-day. Maxwell has made that effort in this powerful, profound and important book." Dr. Mary Midgley, University Quarterly. * "The essential idea is really so simple, so transparently right ... It is a profound book, refreshingly unpretentious, and deserves to be read, refined and implemented." Dr. Stewart Richards, Annals of Science. This second edition is revised throughout, has additional material and three new chapters.
Awareness : a de Mello sprirituality conference in his own words
Nature of beauty - beauty of nature
Way to wisdom : an introduction to philosophy
Authority and wisdom in the New Ireland : studies in literature and culture
Collective wisdom : principles and mechanisms
Moral wisdom : lessons and texts from the Catholic tradition
2500 years of Wisdom : sayings of the great masters
Wisdom and the feminine in the Book of Proverbs
Wisdom : from philosophy to neuroscience
