http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1131 sex shops
sex shops
The industrialization of prostitution and the sex trade has created a multibillion-dollar global market, involving millions of women, that makes a substantial contribution to national and global economies. The Industrial Vagina examines how prostitution and other aspects of the sex industry have moved from being small-scale, clandestine, and socially despised practices to become very profitable legitimate market sectors that are being legalised and decriminalised by governments. She argues that through these practices women's subordination has been outsourced and that states that legalise this industry are acting as pimps, enabling male buyers in countries in which women's equality threatens male dominance, to buy access to the bodies of women from poor countries who are paid for their sexual subservience. This major and provocative contribution is essential reading for all with an interest in feminist, gender and critical globalisation issues as well as students and scholars of international political economy.
The tunnel
This new collection of empirical investigations shows how patterns of prostitution in today's world are radically changing. Western affluence, deepening poverty in many Third World villages, the cheapness of international travel, cultural shifts in attitudes to extra-marital sex, and the Internet are all making an impact. The volume includes personal testimony alongside its empirical information and sociological investigation. It stresses the importance of looking at all three sets of actors involved -- the prostitutes themselves, clients, and the pimps and international traffickers -- to provide an up-to-date portrait of prostitution today.
Why some things should not be for sale : the moral limits of markets
Organisation of policy meets the commercialisation of sex : global linkages, policies, technologies
Corporeal globalization : narratives of embodied subjectivity and otherness in the sexscapes of globalization
"Markets are important forms of social and economic organization. They allow vast numbers of people, most of whom never meet, to cooperate together in a system of voluntary exchange... The noted philosopher Debra Satz takes a skeptical view of markets, pointing out that free markets are not always a force for good. The idea of free exchange of child labor, human organs, reproductive services, weapons, life saving medicines, and addictive drugs, strike many as toxic to human values. She asks: What considerations ought to guide the debates about such markets? ...Satz develops a broader and more nuanced view of markets whereby they not only allocate resources and incomes, but shape our culture, foster or thwart human development, and create and support structures of power--Provided by publisher.
Discourses surrounding prostitution policies in the UK
The industrial vagina : the political economy of the global sex trade
Louis Theroux : the collection
Matrioshki. The complete season 1.
Minors in the sex trade : report of the European Comission STOP Project
Brandwashed : tricks companies use to manipulate our minds and persuade us to buy
Sex trafficking : inside the business of modern slavery
Modern Babylon? : prostituting children in Thailand
The prostitution of women and girls
Migration, agency, and citizenship in sex trafficking
Tourism and inequality : problems and prospects
The girl who played with fire
International sex trafficking of women & children : understanding the global epidemic
Slavery Inc.: the untold story of international sex trafficking
Human Trafficking and Tourism   : Case: Thailand in the Media
Global woman : nannies, maids and sex workers in the new economy
Sex at the margins : migration, labour markets and the rescue industry
To plead our own cause : personal stories by today's slaves
Global woman : nannies, maids, and sex workers in the new economy
Erotic bible to Europe : from kinky to chic
The sex myth : why everything we're told is wrong
Transnational prostitution : changing patterns in a global context
2050 - tomorrow's tourism
Globalization, prostitution and sex-trafficking : corporeal politics
Summary (kuvailulehti): Flesh for sale : a seminar to celebrate the 30th anniversary of the Council for Gender Equality on 4 December 2002.
Human factors of a pleasure boutique : developing a qualitative user research approach for a taboo subject
