http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11301 linguistic interference
linguistic interference
Whether in family life, social interactions, or business negotiations, half the people in the world speak more than one language every day. Yet many myths persist about bilingualism and bilinguals. Does being bilingual mean you are equally fluent in two languages, or that you belong to two cultures, or even that you have multiple personalities? Can you become bilingual only as a child? Why do bilinguals switch from one language to another in mid-sentence? Will raising bilingual children confuse and delay their learning of any language? In a lively and often entertaining book, an international authority on bilingualism, son of an English mother and a French father, explores the many facets of bilingualism. In this book, Francois Grosjean draws on research, interviews, autobiographies, and the engaging examples of bilingual authors. He describes the various strategies - some useful, some not - used by parents raising bilingual children, explains how children easily pick up and forget languages, and considers how bilingualism affects the experience and expression of emotions, thoughts, and dreams. This book shows that speaking two or more languages is not a sign of intelligence, evasiveness, cultural alienation, or political disloyalty. For millions of people, it's simply a way of navigating the complexities of life.
Dual language development and disorders : a handbook on bilingualism and second language learning
Cross-linguistic aspects of processability theory
Approaching language transfer through text classification : explorations in the detection-based approach
"In the 30 years since Rod Ellis first published the award-winning Understanding second language acquisition, it has become a classic text. This new, fully updated edition continues to provide an authoritative and highly readable introduction to key areas of theory and research in second language acquisition. Ellis presents a comprehensive overview of the different theories in this field and examines critical reactions to them. The book reflects recent trends in looking at cognitive and social aspects of second language acquisition, as well as examining the roles played by implicit and explicit instruction in language learning"--Page [4] of cover
Fluency in Finnish-speaking and Swedish-speaking learners' spoken English at upper secondary school and university level
This book presents the latest developments in crosslinguistic influence (CLI) and multilingualism research. The contributors, both veteran researchers and relative newcomers to the field, situate their research in current debates in terms of theory and data analysis and they present it in an accessible way. The chapters investigate how and when native and non-native language knowledge is used in language production. They focus on lexis, syntax, tense-aspect, phonology of multilingual production and link it to a range of concepts such as redundancy, affordances, metalinguistic awareness and L2 status. The empirical data have been collected from participants with a wide combination of languages: besides English, German, French and Spanish, there is Finnish, Swedish, Polish, Chinese and Catalan.
Learner English : a teacher's guide to interference and other problems
Understanding second language acquisition
Code-switching and language shift : in Australian Finnish in comparison with Australian Hungarian
New trends in crosslinguistic influence and multilingualism research
Hammering the errors : a study of translations errors in the Finnish translations of Mickey Spillane's The big kill
Bilingual : life and reality
Code-switching from Finnish into English of second and third generation Canadian Finnish teenagers : do strong Finnish cultural backgrounds and attitudes towards maintaining Finnish affect it?
Turkic languages in contact
Compare or contrast? : current issues in cross-language research
Finnish summary.
Linguistic transfer as a cause of error in a selection of English essays of Finnish ninth graders
Performance features in simultaneous interpreting from English into Finnish
Recent work has pointed to the need for a detection-based approach to transfer capable of discovering elusive crosslinguistic effects through the use of human judges and computer classifiers that can learn to predict learners' language backgrounds based on their patterns of language use. This book addresses that need. It details the nature of the detection-based approach, discusses how this approach fits into the overall scope of transfer research, and discusses the few previous studies that have laid the groundwork for this approach. The core of the book consists of five empirical studies that use computer classifiers to detect the native-language affiliations of texts written by foreign language learners of English. The results highlight combinations of language features that are the most reliable predictors of learners' language backgrounds.
Becoming biliterate : identity, ideology, and learning to read and write in two languages
Cross-linguistic influence of Finnish on English prepositions : a comparative study of mainstream, Middle Years Programme and Diploma Programme learners in Finland
Aspects of translation of European patent applications from English into Finnish
Prior linguistic knowledge matters : the use of the partitive case in Finnish learner language
Voices of authority : education and linguistic difference
Transfer in the lexis of third language learners : a study of ninth form learners of English in two comprehensive schools in Finland
Codeswitching in the Greek-Cypriot community in London
Linguistic borrowing in bilingual contexts
One mind, two languages : bilingual language processing
Interplay of L1 transfer and age in learning English pronunciation among native speakers of Finnish and German : a comparative study
Mä haluun mun carin! : The use of language mixing in English immersion schools in Finland
Language : contexts and consequences
Syntactic transfer, contact-induced change, and the evolution of bilingual mixed codes : focus on Karelian-Russian language alternation
Substratum influence in Irish English : yes/no -questions and their responses
Language contact, creolization, and genetic linguistics
The psycholinguistic analysis and measurement of interference errors
English summary: The analysis and measurement of interference errors.
Manifestations of translatedness : a case study of anglicisms in the novel Trainspotting
Language transfer : cross-linguistic influence in language learning
Interlanguage request modification
Errors in foreign language learning : a comparative study of Finnish and immigrant students' errors in composition writing
Writer and translator : one or two writing styles?
On the relationship of the translatorial and situational aspects of international news communication from English into Finnish : a insider's view
The syntax of spoken Indian English
Crosslinguistic influence on prepositions in L2 English : a comparison of Russian and Finnish learners' written production
Abstract. - Summary.
Studying processability theory : an introductory textbook
Multilingualism in the European Court of Justice : translation process and translators' working environment in the ECJ
Phonological adoption through bilingual borrowing : comparing elite bilinguals and heritage bilinguals
One speaker, two languages : cross-disciplinary perspectives on code-switching
Cognitive aspects of bilingualism
Two or more languages : proceedings from the 9th Nordic conference on bilingualism : August 10-11, 2006, Joensuu
Knowledge of English vocabulary among Finland-Swedish 4th formers : a study conducted in Pargas and Åbo
