http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11308 spores
spores
Seed and spore banks of two boreal mires
Cryptogamous plants in the forest communities of Bialowieza National Park : Ecological atlas (project CRYPTO 4)
Monographic studies on Orthotrichum (Musci)
Atlas of airborne fungal spores in Europe
Handbuch der Pflanzenphysiologie = Encyclopedia of plant physiology. Bd. 15, Teil 1, Differenzierung und Entwicklung
The ferns and fern-allies of west tropical Africa .. : being a supplement to second edition of the flora of west tropical Africa
The air spora : a manual for catching and identifying airborne biological particles
Pollen and spore morphology : plant taxonomy. Pteridophyta
Ecology of Daldinia spp. with special emphasis on Daldinia loculata
Proceedings of the Congress of East Asiatic Bryology, Helsinki, August 12-19, 1990
Molds, mushrooms and mycotoxins
Cryptogams of the Himalayas : scientific results of the Botanical Expedition to the Himalayas and Adjacent Areas 1986. Vol. 1, The Kathmandu Valley
Retention of Bacillus cereus and its toxin, cereulide, in cellulosic fibres
A manual of the spores of New Zealand Pteridophyta : a discussion of spore morphology and dispersal with reference to the identification of the spores in surface samples and as microfossils
Bacillus cereus spores and cereulide in food-borne illness
Oospores of Phytophthora infestans in soil provide an important new source of primary inoculum in Finland
Aerobiology in Finland : information service, methodology, and allergological applications
The taxonomy of Ulva Linnaeus, 1753, and Enteromorpha Link, 1820, (Chlorophyceae) in the Netherlands
Studies on the microfossils in the tills of the North European glaciation
The life cycle and genetic structure of the red alga Furcellaria lumbricalis on a salinity gradient
Plant resources of South-East Asia. 15 :1, Cryptogams: Algae
The Victorian fern craze : a history of pteridomania
Germplasm diversity and evaluation : algae, fungi, and lichens
British ferns and their allies : an abridgement of the "Popular history of British ferns," and comprising the ferns, club-mosses, pepperworts, and horsetails
Small-scale pattern and mobility of plant species in alvar grassland
Phellinus species on Betula : mating tests, RFLP analysis of enzymatically amplified rDNA, and relations to Phellinus alni
Danish fungi as represented in the herbarium of E. Rostrup
Bacillus cereus : adhesion ability to biological and non-biological surfaces, enterotoxins, characterization
Tropical plant science
Preservation and germination experiments with some Anthracoidea spores
Alternative sigma factors F, E, G, and K in Clostridium botulinum sporulation and stress response
Botany of the Canadian eastern arctic. Part 2, Thallophyta and Bryophyta
Potential of infrared heating as a method for decontaminating food powder : process development and impact on product quality
Polttopuuhakkeen käsittelystä aiheutuva ilman homepölypitoisuus sekä siihen vaikuttavat tekijät = The mould dust concentration caused by the handling of fuel chips and its modifying factors
Strasburger's textbook of botany
Cryptogams of the Himalayas : scientific results of the Botanical Expedition to the Himalayas and Adjacent Areas 1988. Vol. 2, Central and Eastern Nepal
Studies on moss spores. 1, The triglycerides of Polytrichum commune spores and their mobilization and degradation in relation to the germination phases
Cryptogams of the Himalayas : scientific results of the Botanical Expedition to the Himalayas and Adjacent Areas 1986. Vol. 3, Nepal and Pakistan
Cryptogamic botany. Vol. 1, Algae and Fungi
Spore flora of Taiwan
Food microbiology laboratory
Cryptogamic botany
Catalogue of Canadian plants. Part 6 , Musci
Influence of chemicals on inoculum production by Leptosphaeria maculans on canola (Brassica napus L.) residues
Studies in Hawaiian pollen statistics. Part 1, The spores of the Hawaiian pteridophytes
Sovremennoe sostoânie biologiceskogo raznoobraziâ na zapovednyh territoriâh Rossii = the present-day state of biological diversity within protected areas. Vypusk 3, Liǎjniki i mohoobraznye = Issue 3. Lichens and bryophytes
Continuous nitrogen flushing of pasteurized milk : consideration of anaerobes and sporeformers
Liverworts, mosses and ferns of Europe
Taxonomy and phylogeny of Buellia species with pluriseptate spores (Lecanorales, Ascomycotina)
Reference manual of fern spores
Sporopollenin : proceedings of a symposium held at the Geology department, Imperial college, London, 23-25 September, 1970
Harmonization of sampling and analysis of mould spores
Revision of the genus Solorina (Lichenes) in Europe based on spore size variation
Fossil plants and spores : modern techniques
Food and indoor air isolated Bacillus non-protein toxins : structures, physico-chemical properties and mechanisms of effects on eukaryotic cells
An atlas of plant structure. Vol. 2
Cryptogamous plants in the forest communities of Białlowieża National Park : functional groups analysis and general synthesis (project CRYPTO 3)
AN ATLAS OF PLANT STRUCTURE 1.
Cryptogams distributed by the Farlow Herbarium of Harvard University : Reliquiae Farlowianae. 1-600
Non-flowering plants
Nonvascular plants: form and function
New species in Junghuhnia (Polyporales, Basidiomycota)
Common Interior Alaska cryptogams : fungi, lichenicolous fungi, lichenized fungi, slime molds, mosses and liverworts
Cryptogam spores and other non-pollen microfossils as sources of palaeoecological information: case studies from Spain
Sporal regeneration of bracken (Pteridium aquilinum (L.) Kuhn.) in Finland in the light of the dimensions and the age of its clones
Release and germination of basidiospores of Melampsora pinitorqua (Braun) Rostr. and M. larici-tremulae Kleb. at various temperatures
Silage contains a number of potential hazards to the safety and quality of milk and dairy products. This paper reviews the present knowledge about silage as a source of (1) spores of anaerobic spore-formers (Clostridium species) and aerobic spore-formers (mainly Bacillus and Paenibacillus species), (2) the zoonotic pathogenic bacteria Listeria monocytogenes and Escherichia coli, and (3) mycotoxins. A distinction is made between field-derived mycotoxins, i.e. mycotoxins that are formed during growth of crops in the field, and ensilage-derived mycotoxins, i.e. mycotoxins that are formed after ensiling. The routes of transmission of these hazards from feed to milk, the effect of pasteurization of milk, and reduction strategies are discussed. Aerobic deterioration of silages is a major factor influencing levels of spores of both aerobic and anaerobic spore-formers, L. monocytogenes, and certain mycotoxins.
Toxinogenic Bacillus pumilus and Bacillus licheniformis from mastitic milk
Fungi fimicoli italici : a guide to the recognition of basidiomycetes and ascomycetes living on faecal material = guida al riconoscimento dei basidiomiceti e degli ascomiceti che vivono su materia fecale
Application of an aerating incubator to the microbiology of paper industry
Phylogeny and evolutionary relationships of the moss families Brachytheciaceae and Meteoriaceae
Occurrence of emetic toxin producing Bacillus cereus in the dairy production chain
Silage and the safety and quality of dairy foods : a review
Pollen and spores of Chile : modern types of the Pteridophyta, Gymnospermae, and Angiospermae
Pollen and spore morphology : Plant taxonomy. Gymnosperme, Pteridophyta, Bryophyta
Oak-rich temperate forest : conservation ecology of cryptogams and vascular plants at local and landscape level
Microbial contamination of building materials : growth and aerosolization
Contamination routes of Clostridium botulinum in the honey production environment
A biology of the algae
Measuring and modelling airborne dispersal in wood decay fungi
Cryptogamic botany. Vol. 2, Bryophytes and pteridophytes
Early land plant spores from the Paleozoic of Sweden : taxonomy, stratigraphy and palaeoenvironments
Spores. Ferns : Microscopic illusions analyzed. Vol. 2, Varied plant groups introduce true ferns through spore tetrad structure
Timing of fungicide control of Gremmeniella abietina on Scots pine seedlings
An evolutionary survey of the plant kingdom
The crayfish plague pathogen Aphanomyces astaci : genetic diversity and adaptation to the host species
Occupational exposure to airborne spores of fungi and actinomycetes with special emphasis on agricultural work
The microbiology of the atmosphere
