http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11313 silicates
silicates
Silicate analysis : a manual for geologists and chemists with chapter on check calculations and geochemical data
Studies on wheat straw pulp fractionation:fractionation tendency of cells in pressure screening, hydrocyclone fractionation and flotation
Silicon and its impacts on phosphorus in eutrophic freshwater lakes
Silicate science. 6, Silicate structures and dispersoid systems
Micro- and mesoporous mineral phases
Plant fibres are an important part of modern daily life. The most obvious consumer products manufactured from them are paper, cardboard and the fibreboards used in the construction and furniture industries. Plants producing a woody stem are the most widely used raw materials for these fibre products but fibres originating from other plants, i.e. non-wood fibres, are used too. One of the most promising potential non-wood fibre resource categories is that of grasses, of which the cereals are the most important plants grown worldwide. A huge amount of straw is generated as an agricultural by-product annually, but the amount used as an industrial raw material is low because it contains components that are detrimental either to processability or to product quality.The purpose of pulp fractionation is to divide pulp into fractions with distinct properties. Industrially feasible fractionation methods are pressure screening, hydrocyclone fractionation and flotation. In pressure screening, separation is based on a mechanical barrier and particles are fractionated according to their dimensions, while a hydrocyclone fractionates particles according to their density and specific surface area and flotation fractionates particles according to their surface chemistry. These methods are traditionally used for removing impurities from pulp but numerous reports on pulp fractionation can also be found. Previous fractionation experiments were performed using wood-based pulps, whereas no previous studies are available concerning the fractionation of pulps manufactured using grasses.The aim of the present work was to determine whether it is possible to fractionate wheat straw pulp by methods that are feasible on an industrial scale. The experimental part was concerned with wheat straw pulp fractionation by pressure screening, hydrocyclone fractionation and flotation.The results show that all these fractionation methods were able to divide the wheat straw pulp into fractions with different cell properties and cell types, e.g. distinct cell lengths, cell wall thicknesses or surface chemistries. Likewise, fractionation can be used to remove detrimental components or to optimize pulp properties according to their end use or to optimize pulp processing sequences. Due to the uniform structure of grasses, it is likely that the results can be generalized to other grasses than that employed here.
Vibrational spectra and structure of silicates
Synthesis and characterization of silica monoliths with a hierarchical pore structure
Colloidal silica : fundamentals and applications
Phyllosilicates and clay minerals : a laboratory handbook for their X-ray diffraction analysis
Amphiboles : crystal chemistry, occurence, and health issues
Role of resuspension and silicate in internal phosphorus loading
Silicate science. Vol. 6, Silicate structures and dispersoid systems
Preparation of micro- and  mesoporous Silica materials, and templating effect of MCM-41 and SBA-15  Silicas on Cobalt deposition"
Rock-forming minerals. 2, Chain silicates
Rock-forming minerals. Vol. 3, sheet silicates
Physico-chemical properties of sol-gel synthesized titanosilicates for the uptake of radionuclides from aqueous solutions
Methods of silicate analysis
Rock-forming minerals. 2, chain silicates
Developing genetically engineered oncolytic viruses for cancer gene therapy
Rock-forming minerals. Vol. 3, Sheet silicates
The structure and surfaces of 2:1 phyllosilicate clay minerals
Silica supported metallocene catalysts for olefin polymerization : modification of silica and methylaluminoxane
Silicate nickel and its application to the exploration of nickel ores
Silica, some silicates, coal dust and para-aramid fibrils
Structure, dynamics and properties of silicate melts
Influence of surface functionalization on the behavior of silica nanoparticles in biological systems
Studies on wheat straw pulp fractionation : fractionation tendency of cells in pressure screening, hydrocyclone fractionation and flotation
