http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11344 rhythm
rhythm
Takannessa: What is the relationship between music and time? How does musical rhythm express our social experience of time? In Groove: An Aesthetic of Measured Time, Mark Abel explains the rise to prominence in Western music of a new way of organising rhythm - groove. He provides a historical account of its emergence around the turn of the twentieth century, and analyses the musical components which make it work. Drawing on materialist interpretations of art and culture, Mark Abel engages with aesthetic arguments, challenging in particular Adorno's critique of popular music. He concludes that groove does not simply reflect the temporality of contemporary society, but, by incorporating abstract time into its very structure, is capable of effecting a critique of it"
Design! : a lively guide to design basics for artists & craftspeople
Rhythmic illusions
Pure rhythm : rhythm cycles and polymetric patterns for instrumentalists, percussionists, composers and music educators
Polyrhythmic : advanced rhythmic studies
The role of the circadian clock in adaptation in seasonally changing environment in Drosophila montana
Intro to polyrhythms : contracting and expanding time within form : vol. 1
The rhythm of twelfth-century polyphony : its theory and practice
The stratification of musical rhythm
Rhythm and mouvement : applications of Dalcroze Eurhythmics
The Art of rhythmic expression
Creative rhythmic concepts for jazz improvisation
Polyrhythms : The musicians guide
"What is the relationship between music and time? How does musical rhythm express our social experience of time? In Groove: An Aesthetic of Measured Time, Mark Abel explains the rise to prominence in Western music of a new way of organising rhythm - groove. He provides a historical account of its emergence around the turn of the twentieth century, and analyses the musical components which make it work. Drawing on materialist interpretations of art and culture, Mark Abel engages with aesthetic arguments, challenging in particular Adorno's critique of popular music. He concludes that groove does not simply reflect the temporality of contemporary society, but, by incorporating abstract time into its very structure, is capable of effecting a critique of it"--Provided by publisher.
How to play Latin American rhythm instruments
Ancient traditions, future possibilities : Rhytmic training through the traditions of Africa, Bali, and India
Beat it! : group percussion for beginners. African dances
Rhythmic reading : for all instruments
A psychoacoustic model of harmonic cadences
Advanced jazz/rock rhytms : for all treble clef instruments
Evening owls have increased odds for both psychiatric and somatic illnesses
The refinement of rhythm. Volume 2. Supplement for rhythmic dictation : a manual with supporting CDs to master the dictation of rhythm  / Bengt-Olov Palmqvist
Early repolarization in the inferolateral leads of the electrocardiogram:prevalence, prognosis and characteristics
Edith Södergran and liberty
Sacred beat : from the heart of the drum circle
Environmental factors modulating cold tolerance, gene expression and metabolism in Drosophila montana
Communication in eighteenth-century music
The rhythm of English prose : a manual for students
Old English poetic metre
Metre and rhythm in Greek verse
Brazilian rhythm section training
Speech rhythms as cyclical activity
The rhyming rabbit
You and rhythm : a handbook of rhythm activities for the elementary school classroom
Rhythmic patterns of contemporary music
Measuring Dopamine and Melatonin Concentrations from the Mouse Retina : Descriptive Literature Review
Rhythm tune up : for all musicians on all instruments : no music reading necessary
MIRtoolbox : version 1.6.1
Our sense that a waltz is "in three" or a blues song is "in four with a shuffle" comes from our sense of musical meter. Hearing in Time explores the metric aspect of our musical experience from a psychological point of view. Musical meter is taken as a musically-specific instance entrainment, that is, our more general ability to synchronize our actions to the rhythms around us. As such, musical meter is subject to a number of fundamental perceptual and cognitive constraints. These constraints are the cornerstones of Hearing in Time's account of musical meter. Hearing in Time also takes into account the fact that listening to music, like many other rhythmic activities, is something that we do a lot. It also approaches musical meter in the context of music as it is actually performed, with nuances of timing and dynamics, rather than as a theoretical ideal. Hearing in Time's approach to meter is not based on any particular musical style or cultural practice, and so it discusses musical examples from a wide range of musical styles and cultures--from Beethoven and Bach to Brubeck and Ghanaian (Ewe) drumming. In taking this broad approach a number of fundamental similarities between a variety of different metric phenomena--such as the difference between so-called simple versus complex or additive meters--become apparent. Hearing in Time is written for musicians, musicologists, music theorists and psychologists who are interested in rhythm and meter. Only a modest ability read a musical score is presumed, and most musical examples are taken from familiar popular and classical repertory.
An investigation into the perception and production of slow rhythms
Conga, bongos & rhythm technique for related rhythm instruments
Rhythm in cognition and grammar : a Germanic perspective
The ABCs of Brazilian percussion
Rhetoric and rhythm in Byzantium : the sound of persuasion
The art of Latin drumming : a new approach to learn traditional Afro-Cuban and Latin American rhythms on drums : in English and Spanish
Drug treatment for circadian rhythm sleep disorders
Latin & tribal beats 03.
The refinement of rhythm : a practical guide with supporting CDs for learning to perform increasingly challenging rhythms. Volume 1 / Bengt-Olov Palmqvist
A guide for the modern jazz rhythm section : a structural and developmental guide for succes in today's jazz rhythm section
How to play Latin American instruments
Dictionary of dance rhythms : supplementary book no. 1 = Dictionnaire de rythmes = Rhytmen-lexikon
A butcher's at chitty chitty bang bang : some linguistic aspects of Cockney dialect and rhyming slang
Long QT Syndrome : a pamphlet for community awareness in prevention of sudden cardiac death in the young
The dancing chimpanzee : a study of primitive music in relation to the vocalising and rhythmic action of apes
Groove : an aesthetic of measured time
Guide to rhythmically moving. 2
"Rhetoric and Rhythm in Byzantium takes a fresh look at rhetorical rhythm and its theory and practice, highlighting the close affinity between rhythm and argument. Based on material from Byzantine and Old Church Slavonic homilies and from Byzantine rhetorical commentaries, the book redefines and expands our understanding of both Byzantine and Old Church Slavonic prose rhythm. It positions rhetorical rhythm at the intersection of prose and poetry and explores its role in argumentation and persuasion, suggesting that rhetorical rhythm can carry across linguistic boundaries, and in general aims to demonstrate the stylistic and argumentative importance of rhythm in rhetorical practice. Along the way, it challenges the entrenched separation between content and style and emphasizes the role of rhythm as a tool of invention and a means of creating shared emotional experience"--
Improve your groove : the ultimate guide for bass
Gregorian chant : a history of the controversy concerning its rhythm
Language in time : the rhythm and tempo of spoken interaction
Give the drummers some! : the great drummers of r&b, funk & soul
Mathematical rhythmic structure of Chinese percussion music : an analytical study of Shifan Luogu collections
Time and process : interdisciplinary issues
John McGann's rhythm mandolin : from bluegrass to celtic to swing : for all levels
Joel Rothman's teaching rhythm : for all instruments/class or individual instruction
English speech rhythm : form and function in everyday verbal interaction
Hippocampal field potentials in animal models of Alzheimer's disease
Metrical phonology: a coursebook
The temporal structure of Estonian runic songs
African rhythm : a Northern Ewe perspective
The golden way : the Hebrew sonnet during the Renaissance and the Baroque
Rhythmic movements and moveable rhythms : syntheses of expressive timing by means of rhythmic frequency modulation
Rhythm : a step by step guide to understanding rhythm for guitar
The first book of rhythms
Encyclopedia of reading rhythms : text and workbook for all instruments
Rhythm coach : rhythm workouts for instrumentalists, singers, dancers. Level one
Sleep and biological rhythms : basic mechanisms and applications to psychiatry
The rhythm inside : connecting body, mind, and spirit through music
Module, proportion, symmetry, rhythm
Let's play rhythm : variations on rhythm changes for the study of improvisation, ear training and compositions
Oral performance and its context
Physiological determinants and assessment of stress and recovery among media workers
Induced pluripotent stem cell-derived disease model for catecholaminergic polymorphic ventricular tachycardia
The refinement of rhythm : a practical guide with supporting CDs for learning to perform increasingly challenging rhythms. Volume 2 / Bengt-Olov Palmqvist
Polyrhythmic : advanced rhytmic studies
Sounds fun : a book of musical games
Hearing in time : psychological aspects of musical meter
Metric modulations : contracting and expanding time within form : vol. 2
Rhythm is the cure : southern Italian tambourine : dedicated to the healing powers of the tarantella rhythm
West African rhythms for drumset
The rhytms of tonal music
Towards a typology of poetic forms : from language to metrics and beyond
Rhythm, music & education
Toward a reliable classifier for arrhythmia diagnosis
Christopher Norton's essential guide to pop styles : for keyboard
Dictionary of dance rhythms = Dictionnaire de rythmes ; Rhythmen-Lexikon
The Reggae riddim : Essential information for all reggae musicians
Stolen time : the history of tempo rubato
Motor neuron based virtual drummer
Rhythm coach : rhythm workouts for instrumentalists, singers, dancers : level one
Metre, rhythm and verse form
Efficacy and safety of radiofrequency catheter ablation in the treatment of atrial fibrillation
Metre and Rhythm in Greek Verse gives a general and comprehensive view of our up-to-date knowledge of ancient Greek song and recitation and goes further into the study of the different poetic genres and metrical-rhythmical phenomena. Unlike most of the previous research, it makes a combined use of all the sources available: metrical data, prosodic analysis, ancient works on rhythm and metrics, ancient musical documents and comparison with later musical tradition as well as with other cultures. The book provides new and interesting perspectives on the subject. It gives a broader framework to understand some metrical zeugmata and discovers new relations between syllables and rhythmical time-lengths. For some specific genres, the author goes over various possible analysis methods. In many other cases, he gives innovative arguments to support generally accepted interpretations or provides new evidence to defend traditional analyses which had been abandoned for decades. Metre and Rhythm in Greek Verse is a systematic and updated study on ancient Greek rhythm, a work which fills a gap in the reflourishing research on ancient Greek music.
Polyrhythmic : advanced rhythmic studi es
Rhythm tune up : For all musicians on all instruments : No music reading necessary
Phonetics and phonology. Vol. 1, Rhythm and meter
Solkaṭṭu manual : an introduction to the rhythmic language of South Indian music
"Media work is a good example of working life in modern 24/7 society. Time pressure and cognitive strain due to overflow of media inputs enhance job strain. New technology requires constant learning and implementation of new working modalities. Employees might continue work-related activities at home and outside the workplace. This may lead to overcommitment and extension of the real working time. Irregular shift work is common. Sudden changes in information flow, technical problems and alterations in team resources may hinder recovery and increase stress. On the other hand high demands may increase the well-being, if the worker can use the skills and has good job control. Self-assessments of stress and well-being combined with physiological measurements help us also to identify work-related and personal factors that could explain good or poor recovery." -- (Back Cover)
The basic forms of cinematography : form, rhythm, colour and relativity
Crazy mixed-up meters : a book of rhythm in changing time signatures for all instruments
The refinement of rhythm. Volume 1. Supplement for rhythmic dictation : a manual with supporting CDs to master the dictation of rhythm  / Bengt-Olov Palmqvist
Music, science, and the rhythmic brain : cultural and clinical implications
Rhythms in plants : phenomenology, mechanisms, and adaptive significance
Rhythm perception and production
Mysterious music : rhythm and free verse
Modern reading text in 4/4 : for all instruments
Bass grooves : develop your groove & play like the pros in any style
Music games that teach
Time for the future : polyrhythm in harmony
Beginning djembe : essential tones, rhythms & grooves
Stress in the speech stream : the rhythm of spoken English : [student text]
Electrocardiographic risk markers of sudden cardiac death in middle-aged subjects
Tabla : a rhythmic introduction to Indian music
Brain and body percussion : the relationship between motor and cognitive functions
Odd time reading text : Rhytmic studies designed to develop accuracy and speed in sight reading as applied to odd time signatures : for all instruments
Percussive acoustic guitar
Rhythmic phrasing in English verse
Encyclopedia of reading rhytms
The flamenco fanatic : the complete guide
The elements of music : melody, rhythm & harmony
Harmonic rhythm : analysis and interpretation
The rhythm in Arabian music
Versatility in versification : multidisciplinary approaches to metrics
Action and perception in rhytm and music : papers given at a symposium in the third international conference on event perception and action
The role of electrocardiographic abnormalities, obesity, and diabetes in risk stratification for sudden cardiac death in the general population
World groove : elemental rhythms from around the globe
Guide to rhythmically moving. 1
Inner rhythm : dance training for the deaf
The oral style
Geometric rhythm interpreation in Mari charms
Poetry into song : performance and analysis of lieder
The art of practicing : a guide to making music from the heart
Songs in motion : rhythm and meter in the German lied
Rhythmic figures for bassists. Volume 1, Eight notes
Cultural rhythms in emotions, narratives and dance
Happiness is ... a good transcription : shortcomings in the sheet music publications in the music of the Beatles (1967-68)
Aspects of Swedish speech rhythm
Rhythms complete : bass
New York guitar method : ensemble book. Vol. 1
Advanced jazz/rock rhytms : for all bass clef instruments
Hand drums for beginners : an easy beginning method
Earth rhythms catalog. Vol. 1, Ethnic rhythms of Africa, Brazil, Caribbean, Latin America
Presence and pleasure : the funk grooves of James Brown and Parliament
Theme of "swinging" in shamanism and folk culture
Basics in ryhythm : an instructional text for all instruments
Abstract: Long QT Syndrome : a pamphlet for community awareness in prevention of sudden cardiac death in the young.
Inner rhythm : dance trainig for the deaf
The rhythm in African music
Rhythms complete : guitar
Rhythmicity
It's not on the page! : how to integrate jazz and jazz rhythm into choral and solo repertoire
Characteristics of subjects with Brugada syndrome type electrocardiogram
Rhythm music & education
Musical time : the sense of order
