http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11394 chief executive officers
chief executive officers
The Athena doctrine : how women (and the men who think like them) will rule the future
Abstract (s. 3).
Market reaction towards CEO appointments : do executive gender and age matter?
Marissa Mayer and the fight to save Yahoo!
Managers, not MBA's : a hard look at the soft practice of managing and management development
Leading at the speed of growth : journey from entrepreneur to CEO
Boosting future prospects or softening promises of success? : the use of emphatics and hedging in the letter to shareholders sections of annual reports
Harvard Business Review on CEO succession
Transformational CEOs : leadership and management success in Japan
Brought to life through real world examples and backed by rigorous data, the authors show how feminine traits are ascending, and bringing success to people and organizations around the world. By nurturing, listening, collaborating and sharing, women and men are solving problems, finding profits, and redefining success in every realm.
12 disciplines of leadership excellence : how leaders achieve sustainable high performance
The role of personal contacts of foreign subsidiary managers in the coordination of industrial multinationals : the case of Finnish subsidiaries in Portugal
Problematic departures : CEO exits in large Swedish publicly traded corporations
The effect of the CEO market on company risk-taking
"I'm delighted to report" : rhetorical organisation and strategies in chairman's statements in Anglo-American and Finnish annual reports
Comparative company law : a case-based approach
The lean CEO : building world-class organizations, one step at a time
PKC management has faith in success
An examination of leadership and teamwork at the top level of the company.
In this compelling memoir, Nokia's legendary CEO Jorma Ollila presents a riveting account of the inner workings of the company that created the global mobile revolution. CEO from 1992 to 2006, Ollila led Nokia from near catastrophe to become the world's leading mobile phone manufacturer. He built a company where visionary thinking and courageous decisions were combined with exceptional creativity and first-rate engineering, leading to phenomenal growth. Readers will follow Ollila's personal and professional journey, where they'll learn about the fine line between stratospheric success and disastrous failure. His stories are filled with lessons about the nature of leadership, the importance of shared values, and the need for strategic thinking.Ollila offers a uniquely clear picture of life as a CEO, with many insights into how business is conducted at the highest levels. He is especially upfront about working with his executive and management teams as well as encounters with figures such as Bill Gates, Steve Jobs, and George Soros. He offers poignant as well as illuminating stories of hair-raising risks and huge successes, but also of poor judgment and bad decision-making. Against All Odds, translated into English for the first time, includes a new Epilogue to bring the reader up-to-date on Ollila's thoughts about more recent events regarding the company, up to and including their decision to sell their mobile phone business to Microsoft.
Shift : inside Nissan's historic revival
Managing leadership transition for nonprofits : passing the torch to sustain organizational excellence
Leadership secrets of the world's most successful CEOs : 100 top executives reveal the management strategies that made their companies great
/ move : the CEO's playbook for capturing value
Executive compensation : does it pay to pay more?
Finlandia Record's creative force : Jaakko Borg
Against all odds : leading Nokia from near catastrophe to global success
Compensation models in theory and practice : effects of the credit crunch on executive compensation practices
Division of powers between the owners and the management of a public corporation in the Anglo-Saxon and the Roman Germanic civil law company regimes
Leading in the top team : the CXO challenge
Lean in : women, work, and the will to lead
The impact of performance-based CEO compensation on company performance and valuation : a study of Finnish stock listed “new economy” companies
From a gravel pit to the far reaches of the world : the story of Larox and its founder, Mr Nuutti Vartiainen
CEO compensation : a case study
Hot seat : the startup CEO guidebook
The five temptations of a CEO : a leadership fable
Managing business risk : a practical guide to protecting your business
Essays on stock option schemes and CEO compensation
The changing world of the CFO : CFO survey 2007.
The powers to lead
Author and four-time founder/CEO Dan Shapiro tells the stories of dozens of startups whose companies lived and died by the advice in these pages. From inception to destruction and triumph to despair, this rollercoaster read takes aspiring entrepreneurs from the highs of billion-dollar payouts and market-smashing success to the depths of impostor syndrome and bankruptcy.
Hunt for the new CEO : a review of the selection process
Managing in turbulence : an empirical study of small firms operating in a turbulent environment
Crisis leadership : through the eyes of successful founder-CEOs
Metatext and the company's future outlook : the use of hedging and emphatics in the letter to shareholders sections of annual reports
Essays on executive equity-based compensation and equity ownership
Howling at the moon : the true story of the mad genius of the music world
CEO compensation, firm size and firm performance : evidence from Finnish panel data
The impact of powerful CEOs on corporate financial performance
Billionaire boy : Mark Zuckerberg in his own words
