http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11330 empires
empires
Ancient Empires is a relatively brief yet comprehensive and even-handed overview of the ancient Near East, the Mediterranean, and Europe, including the Greco-Roman world, Late Antiquity, and the early Muslin period. The book emphasizes the central, if problematic, connection between political and ideological power in both empire-formation and resistance. By defining the ancient world as a period strectching from the Bronze Age into the early Muslim world, it is broader in scope than competing books; yet at the same time its tight thematic concentration keeps the narrative engagingly focused.
This volume deals with the institution and evolution of imperial cult at the provincial level from the earliest foundations under Augustus down to the mid-third century A.D. On the basis of detailed examination of evidence from the different regions or provinces of the Latin west the emphasis of provincial cults can be seen to move first from the living emperor and Roma to the deified emperor, then from a composite cult of living and deified dead emperors to a renewed emphasis on the reigning emperor in the late second and early third centuries. Analysis is based primarily on the study of epigraphical, numismatic and iconographic evidence, generously illuminated by plates. The volume concludes with a series of essays summarizing the main lines of development in the light of various related issues.
History sees Augustus Caesar as the first emperor of Rome, whose system of ordered government provided a firm and stable basis for the expansion and prosperity of the Roman Empire. Hailed as 'restorer of the Republic' and regarded by some as a deity in his own lifetime, Augustus was emulated by many of his successors. David Shotter reviews the evidence in order to place Augustus firmly in the context of his own times. Key topics discussed include: the background to Augustus Caesar's spectacular rise to power - his political and imperial reforms - the creation of the Republica of Augustus - the legacy Augustus Caesar left to his successors. Revised throughout, the second edition of this successful book takes the most recent research in the field into account. David Shotter also includes more coverage of the social and cultural aspects of this complex character's reign together with an expanded guide to further reading.
Caesar Augustus : seven aspects
Sacred stories : religion and spirituality in modern Russia
BYZANTIUM : the early centuries
Always I am Caesar
Drawing from a variety of sources - literary, visual, archaeological; papyri, inscriptions and coins - the author studies the nature of Diocletian's imperial strategy, his wars, his religious views and his abdication. The author also examines Galerius' endeavour to take control of Diocletian's empire, his failures and successes, against the backdrop of Constantine's remorseless drive to power. The first comprehensive study of the Emperor Galerius, this book offers an innovative analysis of his reign as both Caesar and Augustus, using his changing relationship with Diocletian as the principal key to unlock the complex imperial politics of the period.
Historical atlas of empires
Monarchies 1000-2000
In the first single-author account of German history from the Reformation to the early nineteenth century since Hajo Holborn's study written in the 1950s, Dr Whaley provides a full account of the history of the Holy Roman Empire. Volume II extends from the Peace of Westphalia to the Dissolution of the Reich.
Twilight of the Romanovs: a photographic odyssey across imperial Russia
Nero : the end of a dynasty
Galerius and the will of Diocletian
Wilhelminism and its legacies : German modernities, Imperialism, and the meanings of reform, 1890-1930 : essays for Hartmut Pogge von Strandmann
Of religion and empire : missions, conversion, and tolerance in Tsarist Russia
An exploration of the relations between politics and culture in Britain and its expanding empire. It includes case studies ranging from the American Revolution to archaeology in the Mediterranean, Near East, and India that illuminates the history of heroic monuments, battle paintings, and key British cultural institutions.
Subject and ruler : the cult of the ruling power in classical antiquity : papers presented at a conference held in The University of Alberta on April 13-14, 1994, to celebrate the 65th anniversary of Duncan Fishwick
The fall of the Russian monarchy : a study of the evidence
The political systems of empires
A companion to the Flavian age of imperial Rome
"East and West in the Roman Empire of the Fourth Century examines the (dis)unity of the Roman Empire in the fourth century from different angles, in order to offer a broad perspective on the topic and avoid an overvaluation of the political division of the empire in 395. After a methodological key-paper on the concepts of unity, the other contributors elaborate on these notions from various geo-political perspectives: the role of the army and taxation, geographical perspectives, the unity of the Church and the perception of the Divisio Regni of 364. Four case-studies follow, illuminating the role of concordia apostolorum, antique sports, eunuchs and the poet Prudentius on the late antique view of the Empire. Despite developments to the contrary, it appears that the Roman Empire remained (to be viewed as) a unity in all strata of society. Contributors to this volume are Jan Willem Drijvers, Christian Gnilka, Hervé Inglebert, Gitte Lønstrup Dal Santo, David Potter, Sofie Remijsen, Josef Rist, Shaun Tougher and Giusto Traina"--
The economic reforms of Diocletian
Nero's personality and crimes have always intrigued historians and writers of fiction. However, his reign also illuminates the nature of the Julio-Claudian Principate. Nero's suicide brought to an end the dynasty Augustus had founded, and placed in jeopardy the political system he had devised.Miriam T. Griffin's authoratitive survey of Nero's reign incorporates both a chronological account, as well as an analysis of the reasons for Nero's collapse under the pressure of his role as emperor.
Emperors of Rome : imperial Rome from Julius Caesar to the last emperor
The twelve Caesars
Emperor and author : the writings of Julian the Apostate
Emperor worship and Roman religion
East and West in the Roman Empire of the fourth century : an end to unity?
This fresh and engaging book looks at each of the Roman emperors from Julius Caesar in 44BC to Romulus Augustulus in AD 476, illuminating not only the manner of their deaths but what their final days tell us about their lives. We also hear how the most powerful position in the history of the Western world held a permanent appeal, despite its perils, with eager candidates constantly coming forward to seize the throne. Very few of the Roman emperors died a natural death. The insane Caligula was murdered after leaving the theatre; Caracalla while he was relieving himself. Caesar was stabbed twenty three times and Otho was dragged into the Tiber with a flesh-hook. However great an emperor's power, danger was ever present. Emperors Don't Die in Bed provides a clear history of the imperial succession as well as a compelling depiction of the intrigue and drama of Roman imperial politics.
The Emperor Julian
Queen's apprentice : Archduchess Elizabeth, Empress Maria, the Habsburgs, and the Holy Roman Empire, 1554-1569
Civilization and the Caesars : the intellectual revolution in the Roman Empire
Charles V : elected emperor and hereditary ruler
Napoleon and the transformation of Europe
A companion to Latin Greece
Representing five major areas of Augustan scholarship - historiography, poetry, art, religion, and politics - the nineteen contributors to this volume bring us closer to a balanced, up-to-date account of Augustus and his principate.
The making of a Christian empire : Lactantius & Rome
The Caesars
The history of make-believe : Tacitus on imperial Rome
Chronicle of the Roman emperors : the reign-by-reign record of the rulers of Imperial Rome
Joseph II. 2, Against the world, 1780-1790
Grandville Noël : a fantasy
Revelations of Russia : or the Emperor Nicholas and his empire in 1844
Germany and the Holy Roman Empire. Vol. 2, The Peace of Westphalia to the dissolution of the Reich, 1648-1806
The imperial cult in the Latin west : studies in the ruler cult of the Western provinces of the Roman empire. Vol. 3, Provincial cult. P. 2: The provincial priesthood
Mysticism and kingship in China : the heart of Chinese wisdom
Byzantium : a history
Becoming Charlemagne : Europe, Baghdad, and the empires of A.D. 800
Conservator urbis suae : studies in the politics and propaganda of the emperor Maxentius
In the first single-author account of German history from the Reformation to the early nineteenth century since Hajo Holborn's study written in the 1950s, Dr Whaley provides a full account of the history of the Holy Roman Empire. Volume I extends from From Maximilian I to the Peace of Westphalia.
The cabinet of curiosities
State, territory and identity : the principle of national self-determination, the question of territorial sovereignty in Carinthia and other post-Habsburg territories after the First World War
The twelve caesars
The twilight of imperial Russia : with 13 pages of plates
Byzantium : the decline and fall
The imperial cult in the Latin west : studies in the ruler cult of the Western provinces of the Roman empire. Vol. 3, Provincial cult. P. 1: Institution and evolution
This volume analyzes the priesthood of the provincial cult in every province of the Latin west where evidence has survived in the period from Augustus down to the mid third century. Particular attention is paid to the epigraphic record, notably the Testimony of honorific statues especially at provincial centres, but discussion also focusses on the origin and background of provincial priests, their office and duties, and their careers both before and after holding provincial office. Of special interest are the sixteen tables that list the main facts preserved by the epigraphic record, also a concluding overview that summarizes the principal features of the institution including the office of priestess and the role of administrative officials. Some fifty plates illustrate the text.
History sees Augustus Caesar as the first emperor of Rome, whose system of ordered government provided a firm and stable basis for the expansion and prosperity of the Roman Empire. Hailed as 'restorer of the Republic' and regarded by some as a deity in his own lifetime, Augustus was emulated by many of his successors. David Shotter reviews the evidence in order to place Augustus firmly in the context of his own times.
Byzantium : the apogee
The emperor and the Roman army 31 B.C. - A.D. 235
Twentieth century Russia reader
Slaves of the mastery
This book explores how deities were used to communicate and negotiate imperial power under the Severan dynasty (AD 193-235). Septimius Severus connected his reign to the divine support of Liber Pater and Hercules, while Caracalla placed a particular emphasis on the gods Apollo, Aesculapius and Sarapis. Elagabalus' reign was characterised by the worship of the Emesene deity Elagabal, which resulted in a renewed emphasis on the cult of Jupiter under Severus Alexander. Numismatic evidence is reintegrated into the wider material culture of the Severan period in order to bring new insights into the use of the divine in this period, as well as the role played by the provinces in the formation and reception of this ideology.
Byzantium : the early centuries
Firesong
Resurrection of the legion = Fùhuó de jūntuán
Under divine auspices : divine ideology and the visualisation of imperial power in the Severan period
Constantine and the conversion of Europe
The Holy Roman Empire, 1495 - 1806
The Emperors of Rome charts the rise and fall of the Roman Empire through profiles of the greatest and most notorious of the emperors, from the autocratic Augustus to the feeble Claudius, the vicious Nero to the beneficent Marcus Aurelius, through to the maniac Commodus and beyond. Interwoven with these are vivid descriptions of sports and art, political intrigues and historic events. In this entertaining and erudite work, acclaimed classical scholar David Potter brings Imperial Rome, and the lives of the men who ruled it, to vivid life.
The Roman emperors
Byzantium : the surprising life of a medieval empire
Emperors of Rome : the story of imperial Rome from Julius Caesar to the last emperor
Domitian : tragic tyrant
Germany and the Holy Roman Empire. Vol. 1, Maximilian I to the Peace of Westphalia, 1493-1648
The Terracotta Army and treasures of the First Emperors of China
Interesting times : a Discworld novel
Emperor Charles V : 1500-1558
Iudex vice Caesaris : deputy emperors and the administration of justice during the principate
The archaeology of public policy in Late Roman Greece
Great women of Imperial Rome : mothers and wives of the caesars
Augustus : From revolutionary to Emperor
Child emperor rule in the late Roman west, AD 367-455
Augustus : godfather of Europe
Roman emperors and Athenian life, from Augustus to Hadrian
Ancient empires : from Mesopotamia to the rise of Islam
David Shotter provides a concise and accessible survey of the character and life of Tiberius Caesar, heir of Augustus Caesar and emperor of Rome from AD 14 to AD 37. Tiberius Caesar sheds light on many aspects of the reign of this enigmatic emperor, including the influential and often problematic relationships Tiberius maintained with the senate, his heir Germanicus and Sejanus. Other key topics discussed include: Tiberius's rise to power ; Tiberius's struggle to meet the demands of his role ; how far Tiberius's policies differed from those of Augustus ; why Tiberius retired from official duties in AD 26.
Leopold I of Austria
Joseph II and enlightened despotism
Novelized, televised, and endlessly scrutinized by scholars, the fall of the Roman Republic marks one of history's great turning points. Historians have studied the descent of the Republic into civil war as a great political tragedy, a warning from the past about the unsustainability of empires; political scientists have labeled it a parable about militarism, populism, moral decay, or the inevitable corruption of political systems. Yet the familiar story of the Roman Republic's downfall continues to be the story of its elites. What if we started thinking about Roman politics not from the perspectives of Caesar and Cicero, but from the point of view of the soldier, the peasant, or the pauper? In an original account of what he calls Rome's revolution, Richard Alston reinscribes these humble protagonists into their tumultuous era. They, like the ruthless aristocrats they swore allegiance to, were political agents, negotiating their positions in the context of a "failed state." Rome's Revolution blends riveting historical narrative with socio-economic analysis, restoring a rich context to the cataclysmic violence of the period. In addition to chronicling the drama of aristocratic rivalries, the book digs beneath the high politics of Cicero, Caesar, Antony and Octavian to examine the problems of making a living in first-century BC Italy. Portraying the revolution as the crisis of a violent society - both among the citizenry and among a ruling class whose legitimacy was dwindling - Rome's Revolution provides new insight into the motivations that drove men to march on their capital city and slaughter their compatriots.
Hadrian : empire and conflict
Contact and conflict in Frankish Greece and the Aegean, 1204-1453 : crusade, religion and trade between Latins, Greeks and Turks
Mercurino di Gattinara and the creation of the Spanish Empire
The Holy Roman Empire, reconsidered
Chronicles of the Crusades
Criticism and critique : sidelights on the Konradiner
Charlemagne : empire and society
The Holy Roman Empire
Between republic and empire : interpretations of Augustus and his principate
The Holy Roman Empire, 1495-1806 : a European pespective
From Tiberius to the Antonines : a history of the Roman Empire AD 14-192
This volume focuses on the headquarters of provincial cults and the principal features of the worship offered there on behalf of the province. Evidence for provincial centres survives in various forms of varying degress of reliability but, while no standard pattern emerges, it seems clear that every province established a permanent base that served similar cultic, administrative, recreational and ideological purposes. Traces of provincial worship are more fleeting but a rough picture can be reconstructed of priestly regalia and of the calendar, rites and associated liturgy and ceremonial that marked the differing cults of individual provinces. Both studies conclude with an overview of the main conclusions and are profusely illustrated with over a hundred plates or diagrams.
A history of Russia, Central Asia and Mongolia. Vol. 1, Inner Eurasia from prehistory to the Mongol Empire
The history and coinage of the Roman Imperators 49-27 BC
Over the last forty years or so, research on the history of the 'Holy Roman Empire of the German Nation' (1495-1806) has been transformed almost beyond recognition. Once derided as a political non-entity, a chaotic assemblage of countless principalities and statelets that lacked coercive power and was stifled by encrusted structures and procedures, the Reich has been fully rehabilitated by more recent historiography. It is now being hailed by some as a model of peaceful conflict resolution in the centre of Europe which, in the long run, was able to defuse the religious tensions created by the confessional divide of the sixteenth century and to protect its smaller members against the voracious appetite of more powerful neighbours.
Rome's revolution : death of the republic and birth of the empire
Alchemy and authority in the Holy Roman Empire
Empress Dowager Cixi : the concubine who launched modern China
This book presents seven fresh and original views of Caesar Augustus, as the authors of the papers collected here consider the image which he presented of himself, how poets and historians reacted to him, the nature of his rule, and the representation of the newly established monarch among his subjects in the provinces. The contributors are well-known historians and scholars: Zvi Yavetz (Tel Aviv), Fergus Millar (Oxford), Claude Nicolet (Paris), Emilio Gabba (Pavia), Werner Eck (Cologne), Glen Bowersock (Princeton), and Jasper Griffin (Oxford).
The imperial cult in the Latin west : studies in the ruler cult of the Western provinces of the Roman empire. Vol. 3, Provincial cult. P. 3: The provincial centre; provincial cult
Marcus Aurelius's concept of life
The last mortal bond
The business of alchemy : science and culture in the Holy Roman Empire
Reproducing Rome : motherhood in Virgil, Ovid, Seneca, and Statius
Empires of the imagination : politics, war and the arts in the British world, 1750-1850
The cult of Silvanus in the Roman world
