http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11309 seed
seed
Climatic adaptation of seed maturity in Scots pine and Norway spruce populations
Most pathogens on potato have been imported into Finland via contaminated seed more than hundred years ago. The history of migration and the consequences for potato production of potato wart, blackleg and soft rot, Potato mop-top virus (PMTV) and its vector powdery scab are reviewed as examples of economically important and biologically different potato pathogens. Potato wart spread alarmingly during 1920-1960. Plant quarantine acts and the use of resistant cultivars were successful in eradicating the disease. The pathogens causing blackleg and soft rot increased rapidly in 1960-1970. Development of seed certification schemes after the end of the 1970s decreased disease incidence and made the disease insignificant other than for seed potato production. Introduction of new strains of blackleg bacteria in 2003 caused the disease again to become a considerable threat to potato production. PMTV was imported into Finland in the 1970s where it spread rapidly, especially in starch potato production. Currently it is common in all potato production except that of seed potato. The disease cannot be eradicated but contamination of clean fields can be prevented. New diseases can spread to Finland in future but population changes of existing pathogens have recently caused more problems than species completely new to Finland.
Relationship between Megastigmus suspectus borr.size and Abies alba mill.seed size
Seed fate : predation, dispersal, and seedling establishment
Seedling establishment and growth after direct seeding with Pinus sylvestris : effects of seed type, seed origin, and seeding year
African seed enterprises : sowing the seeds of food security
Effect of fertilization on flowering and seed crop in Scots pine seed orchards
Seed production of agricultural crops
Blackcurrant seed oil for prevention of atopic dermatitis
Seasonal variation in fruit consumption and seed dispersal by canopy frugivorous bats in lowland mature and successional forests of Peru
Seed planning and policy for agricultural production : the roles of government and private enterprise in supply and distribution
Index Kewensis.  Supplement twenty : names of seed-bearing plants at the rank of family and below published between January 1991 and the end of 1995 with some omissions from earlier years
Frugivores and seed dispersal
International rules for seed testing / published by the International Seed Testing Association (ISTA)
Seed orchards are the link between tree breeding and reforestation. This paper presents data on cone, seed and pollen production and seed quality gathered over 21 years in a Pinus sylvestris (L.) experimental seed orchard containing plots with 14 different combinations of stand density and targeted pruning height. The treatments' stand densities ranged from 267 to 4000 stems ha-1, and the target graft heights ranged from 2 to 6 meters. Pollen production began at the same orchard age for all studied combinations of stand density and target height but the level of pollen production per hectare increased more rapidly in treatments with higher stand densities. In treatments with dense spacing, cone and seed production initially increased more rapidly than in treatments with wider spacing, thereby providing an earlier return on investment and a shorter seed production lag time. However, the levels of cone and seed production in such treatments over the entire study period were not appreciably different to those achieved in treatments with wider spacing and higher target height. The treatments did not differ substantially with respect to seed quality. These results show that comparable levels of seed production can be obtained with different combinations of stand density and target height, giving seed orchard owners and managers a wide range of viable management options..
International rules for seed testing : rules 1996 : adopted at the twenty-fourth International Seed Testing Congress, Denmark 1995, to become effective on 1 July 1996.
Seed production characters and germination performance of reed canary grass in Finland
Promoting the growth and development of smallholder seed enterprises for food security crops : case studies from Brazil, Côte d'Ivoire and India
Natural regeneration of Scots pine and Norway spruce close to the timberline in northern Finland
The effect of storage ageing and spring sprouting of seed tubers on the yield of three potato varieties in the Finnish Lapland : Research Note
The influence of raw grass pea (Lathyrus sativus L.) seeds on growth performance and biochemical and haematological parameters in the blood of grower-finisher pigs
Provisional tree seed zones and transfer guidelines for Alaska
The aim of the present study was to examine the influence of raw seeds of grass pea (Lathyrus sativus L.) in feed mixtures for grower-finisher pigs on growth performance, and biochemical and haematological parameters in their blood, as well as on the weight of the liver and the kidney. The experiment was performed on 96 grower-finisher pigs of (Polish Landrace × Polish Large White) × Pietrain, weighing from 25 to ca. 100 kg. The pigs were divided into four diet groups. The feed compound of the control group contained extracted soybean meal. In experimental groups soybean meal protein was replaced by raw grass pea seeds in quantities of 50% in grower and/or finisher diet, and 100% in both fattening period. The use of raw grass pea seeds amounting to 50% of protein feeds in finisher diet did not result in lower growth performance in comparison to the control group. However, the fatteners fed grass pea seeds amounting to 50% of protein feedstuffs in both fattening periods revealed the highest feed and energy intake per kg of live weight gain, compared to the group feed grass pea only in the second phase of the fattening period. A higher share of grass pea seeds in the mixture led to weaker growth performance and carcass characteristics. Hypertrophy of kidney and liver was noted in the animals which were fed with raw seeds of grass pea amounting to 100% of protein feeds. Also, hyperactivity of ALAT, ASAT and alkaline phosphatase was observed in the animals' serum. No negative influence of applying raw seeds of grass pea amounting up to 50% of protein feeds in grower and/or finisher periods on the parameters examined was noted.
The plant hormone ethylene
Histological differences between chilled and nonchilled seeds in Rubus chamaemorus L.
Quality declared seed system : expert consultation, Rome 5-7 May 2003
Investigations into the flowering and seed quality of forest trees
Seed ecophysiology of temperate and boreal zone forest trees
Structural and seasonal aspects on the imbibition and germination of northern conifer seeds
Single seed Near Infrared Spectroscopy discriminates viable and non-viable seeds of Juniperus polycarpos
Seed viability and vigour play important roles in seedling emergence, plant stand establishment and yield potential. The majority of cereal fields in Finland are typically sown with farm saved seed (FSS). If the quality of the seed is not known, there can be insidious yield reduction. This research was conducted to study the effects of seed quality on seedling emergence rate, seedling number and yielding capacity. The study comprised three-year field experiments conducted during 2007-2009, established at three sites: Jokioinen, Nousiainen and Ylistaro. Spring barley cultivars Saana (2007) and Annabell (2008-2009) were sown at rate of 500 germinating seeds m-2. Five seed lots were included as treatments: farm saved seed (FSS); downgraded seed <2.5 mm (FSS<2.5 mm); upgraded seed >2.7 mm (FSS>2.7 mm); upgraded seed >2.7 mm with disinfection (FSS>2.7 mm + dis); and commercial certified seed with disinfection (CCS). Up- and down-graded seed lots (FSS<2.5 mm, FSS>2.7 mm, and FSS>2.7 mm + dis) all originated from the FSS. Seedling emergence rate was measured from the time when coleoptiles started to break through the soil surface. The number of seedlings (3 × 1 m row per plot) was recorded at five-day intervals four times from the same rows. Plots were harvested at physiological maturity and grain yield (kg ha-1), hectolitre weight (HLW, kg) single grain weight (SGW, mg) and grain protein content (%) were recorded. Seed lots of CCS and FSS>2.7 mm + dis enhanced seedling emergence rate and increased the number of plants compared with other treatments. These two seed lots also produced the highest grain yield and had the lowest grain protein. Seed quality had an apparent effect on plant stand establishment and grain yield. A seed lot effect was evident despite identical targeted sowing rates that took into account germination rate and seed weight. Therefore, differences in seedling emergence and yielding capacity were likely outcomes of variation in seed vigour among the five treatments.
Long-term variation in Scots pine seed crop size and quality in northern Finland
Organic seed production and saving : the wisdom of plant heritage
Germination of pretreated Scots pine seeds after long-term storage
This book is arranged in 3 sections. The first section (Chapters 2-4) provides an introduction to the flower seed industry and identifies the users of flower seeds. These chapters provide a historical treatment of the industry and emphasize the challenges and opportunities for the ornamental and bedding plant and wildflower industries. The second section (Chapters 5-10) considers the science of flower seed production. Discussions focus on the establishment of successful breeding programmes by seed companies, factors controlling flower induction to obtain high-quality seeds and maximize yield, structure and anatomy of flower seeds, as well as the physiological events that govern seed germination, dormancy imposition and release, and seed deterioration. The third section (Chapters 11-17) discusses the technology of flower seeds. This includes chapters on cleaning, enhancements, germination, viability and vigour testing of flower seeds. Specific guidelines and information to accomplish these tasks are given. A chapter is also provided, describing the activities of the Ornamental Plant Germplasm Centre, the only governmental organization dedicated to conserving germplasm for the future genetic improvement of flower crops.
World list of seed processing equipment
Yield and quality of winter oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) seeds in response to foliar application of boron
A review of plant-based nutrition interventions on heart disease, obesity and diabetes : suggestions for an educational curriculum
Dormant seeds in Danish ruderal soils : an experimental study of relations between seed bank and pioneer flora
Seed and spore banks of two boreal mires
The evolution and classification of flowering plants
Bats stab! : translators' (in)visibility in language-play translations The Poisonwood Bible and its Finnish, Swedish and French tranlations
Summary: A histological study of chilled and nonchilled seeds of Rubus chamaemorus L. has shown considerable loss of storage granules in the latter case. Chilling helps to maintain viability.
Seed potato systems in the Philippines : a case study
This paper presents the results of a 3-year field experiment conducted on soil with moderate levels of boron (B) in north-eastern Poland to determine the influence of foliar application of B (0, 150 and 300 g ha-1) on the yield components, yield, mineral composition, nutritional value and feed value of winter oilseed rape seeds. Foliar application of B at the beginning of bud formation in winter oilseed rape increased seed yield by 0.19 (3%) at the lower B fertilization level to 0.26 Mg ha-1 (4%) at the higher B fertilization level. The observed increase in the yield of winter oilseed rape seeds in response to foliar application of B can be attributed to this micronutrient's positive influence on seed production in siliques. Foliar fertilization with B increased B content and decreased Zn and Fe levels in the seeds of winter oilseed rape. When B fertilizer was applied at the rate of 150-300 g ha-1, the N and Ca content of the evaluated seeds increased. The fertilizer improved the nutritional value (crude fat content, fatty acid concentrations) of seeds, but deteriorated their feed value (total protein content, acid detergent fiber concentrations, neutral detergent fiber concentrations, quantitative and qualitative composition of glucosinolates)..
Flora of Peninsular Malaysia. Series 2, Seed plants, Vol. 1
Seed loss and volunteer seedling establishment of rapeseed in the northernmost European conditions: potential for weed infestation and GM risks
Population dynamics of Malus sylvestris stands in grazed and ungrazed, semi-natural grasslands and fragmented woodlands in Mols Bjerge, Danmark
Seed health problems in tropical forest tree seeds and their impact on seedling production
Plant dormancy : physiology, biochemistry and molecular biology
On the seeding capacity of forest trees. III.
Near Infrared Spectroscopy as non-destructive method for sorting viable, petrified and empty seeds of Larix sibirica
Seed preservation and longevity
Effects of pruning and stand density on cone and pollen production in an experimental Pinus sylvestris seed orchard
Reproductive phenology in a Norway spruce seed orchard
Seed potato systems in Ecuador : a case study
International rules for seed testing. Annexe to chapter 7, Seed health testing methods / published by the International Seed Testing Association (ISTA)
Impact of temperature and germination time on the success of a C4 weed in a C3 crop : Amaranthus retroflexus and spring barley
Vegetable seed production
Larix sibirica Ledeb. is one of the promising timber species for planting in the boreal ecosystem; but poor seed lot quality is the major hurdle for production of sufficient quantity of planting stocks. Here, we evaluated the potential of Near Infrared (NIR) Spectroscopy for sorting viable and non-viable seeds, as the conventional sorting technique is inefficient. NIR reflectance spectra were collected from single seeds, and discriminant models were developed with Orthogonal Projections to Latent Structure - Discriminant Analysis (OPLS-DA). The computed model predicted the class membership of filled-viable, empty and petrified seeds in the test set with 98%, 82% and 87% accuracy, respectively. When two-class OPLS-DA model was fitted to discriminate viable and non-viable (empty and petrified seeds combined), the predicted class membership of test set samples was 100% for both classes. The origins of spectral differences between non-viable (petrified and empty) and viable seeds were attributed to differences in seed moisture content and storage reserves. In conclusion, the result provides evidence that NIR spectroscopy is a powerful non-destructive method for sorting non-viable seeds of Larix sibirica; thus efforts should be made to develop on-line sorting system for large-scale seed handling..
Fundamentals of plant breeding and hybrid seed production
Effects of haulm killing and gibberellic acid on seed potato (Solanum tuberosum L.) and techniques for micro- and minituber production in northern latitudes
Index Kewensis. Supplement twenty one : names of seed-bearing plants at the rank of family and below published between January 1996 and the end of 2000 with some omissions from earlier years
Scanning electron microscopy of the surface structure of seeds from the genus Epilobium in Fennoscandia for determining the species
Elevation in temperatures due to climate change could promote the invasion by C4 weed species of arable fields in the boreal region, which are dominated by C3 crops. The success of Amaranthus retroflexus L. (a C4 weed) in spring barley (a C3 crop) was studied at current and elevated temperatures (3°C difference) in a greenhouse experiment in southern Finland. The competition treatments included no competition and four levels of competition with barley, differing in terms of germination time. The success of A. retroflexus was measured as growth (height and biomass) and seed production (number and biomass). Elevation in temperature enhanced seed production of A. retroflexus, but the impact on growth was minor (only difference in plant height in one treatment). The growth and seed production of A. retroflexus in competition with barley was minimal although the growth of barley decreased with the rise in temperature. The results indicate that climate change could improve growth of a C4 weed such as A. retroflexus, but it is unlikely to succeed in spring barley.
On sterility and other injuries in dioecious Melandrium irradiated with x-rays and gamma rays
Evaluation of reed canary grass for different end-uses and in breeding
Guidelines for tree seed crop forecasting
Seed potato systems in developed countries: Canada, the Netherlands and Great Britain
Germination of ancient seeds : floristical observations and experiments with archaeologically dated soil samples
Seeds : ecology, biogeography, and evolution of dormancy and germination
Logging versus fire : how does disturbance type influence the abundance of Pinus strobus regeneration?
Agricultural seed production
Hartmann & Kester's plant propagation : principles and practices
Flower seeds : biology and technology
Summary.
Seed multiplication by resource-limited farmers : proceedings of the Latin American Workshop, GoiÃania, Brazil, 7 - 11 April 2003 ; [Latin American Workshop on Seed Multiplication by Resource-Limited Farmers]
A new definition of genus Tamayorkis (Malaxideae, Epidendroideae, Orchidaceae)
Seed aging : implications for seed storage and persistence in the soil
Evolution of seed attributes, dispersal and population dynamics of plants, with special emphasis on fragmented habitats
Proceedings of the ISTA Forest Tree and Shrub Seed Committee Workshop, Prague-Průhonice, Czech Republic, October 20-22, 2003
Cadmium content of Finnish linseed and estimated consumer intake
7th International Symposium on Timing Field Production of Vegetables : Skierniewice, Poland, August 23-27, 1993
Seed policy and programmes in Latin America and the Caribbean : proceedings of the Regional Technical Meeting on Seed Policy and Programmes in Latin America and the Caribbean : Merida, Mexico, 20-24 March 2000
Seed plants of the High Andes of Ecuador - a checklist
Handbook of seed technology for genebanks. Vol. 2, Compendium of specific germination information and test recommendations
A matter of life and death : polyamine metabolism during zygotic embryogenesis of pine
Tree seed suppliers directory : sources of seeds and microsymbionts
Growth, crown structure and seed production of birch seedlings, grafts and micropropagated plants
Interaction of prechilling, temperature, osmotic stress, and light in Picea abies seed germination
Effects of haulm killing and gibberellic acid on seed potato (<em>Solanum tuberosum L.</em>) and techniques for micro- and minituber production in northern latitudes
Seed quality effects on seedling emergence, plant stand establishment and grain yield in two-row barley
Commercial cultivars and farmers' access to crop diversity: a case study from the Nordic region
Quality characteristics of edible linseed oil
Faith in a seed : The dispersion of seeds and other late natural history writings
Seed science and technology
Rapeseed soil seed bank development and volunteer plant establishment represent substantial risk for crop infestation and GM contamination. This study was designed to complement such investigations with novel understanding from high latitude conditions. Four experiments were designed to characterise seed loss at harvest, persistence, viability and capacity for volunteer seedling establishment, as well as impact of management measures on soil seed bank dynamics. Oilseed rape was the primary crop investigated due to the availability of GM cultivars and because of the increasing importance. Harvest losses and soil seed bank development were significant. Volunteer seedlings emerged at reasonably high rates, especially in the first autumn after harvest, but about 10% of buried seeds maintained their viability for at least three years. Soil incorporation methods had no major effect on numbers of volunteer seedlings, but herbicide treatments controlled volunteer seedlings efficiently, though not completely, due to irregular timing of seedling emergence.
Variation in flowering abundance and its impact on the genetic diversity of the seed crop in a Norway spruce seed orchard
A matter of life and death - polyamine metabolism during zygotic embryogenesis of pine
The encyclopedia of seeds : science, technology and uses
The surfaces of seeds from nineteen species of Epilobium in Fennoscandia were investigated with scanning electron microscope. The photographs were taken of seeds at magnifications of approximately 45 or 90 times, respectively, depending on the size of the seed. In addition, photographs of four times higher magnification were taken of the base of each seed, as well as detailed pictures of the seed surface at a magnification of about 560 times. In general, the photographs of the seeds were found to provide sufficient evidence to identify the species..
Physiology of seeds: an introduction to the experimental study of seed and germination problems
Plant life histories : ecology, phylogeny and evolution
Catalogue of seed plants of the West Indies
A large quantity of non-viable (empty, insect-attacked and shriveled) seeds of Juniperus polycarpos (K. Koch) is often encountered during seed collection, which should be removed from the seed lots to ensure precision sowing in the nursery or out in the field. The aims of this study were to evaluate different modelling approaches and to examine the sensitivity of the change in detection system (Silicon-detector in the shorter vis-a-vis InGsAs-detector in the longer NIR regions) for discriminating non-viable seeds from viable seeds by Near Infrared (NIR) spectroscopy. NIR reflectance spectra were collected from single seeds, and discriminant models were developed by Partial Least Squares - Discriminant Analysis (PLS-DA) and Orthogonal Projection to Latent Structures - Discriminant Analysis (OPLS-DA) using the entire or selected NIR regions. Both modelling approaches resulted in 98% and 100% classification accuracy for viable and non-viable seeds in the test set, respectively. However, OPLS-DA models were superb in terms of model parsimony and information quality. Modelling in the shorter and longer wavelength region also resulted in similar classification accuracy, suggesting that prediction of class membership is insensitive to change in the detection system. The origins of spectral differences between non-viable and viable seeds were attributed to differences in seed coat chemical composition, mainly terpenoids that were dominant in non-viable seeds and storage reserves in viable seeds. In conclusion, the results demonstrate that NIR spectroscopy has great potential as seed sorting technology to upgrade seed lot quality that ensures precision sowing..
Uncultivated nuts of the United States
40 years of EUCARPIA : European Association for Research on Plant Breeding
Amendments to the international rules for seed testing 1985 : as agreed on by the 22nd ISTA Congress in Edinburgh, July 1989 : valid July 1st, 1990.
Effects of clone and fertilization on the seed and foliar chemical composition of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) grafts
The catalogue enumerates all taxa of Gymnosperms, Dicotyledons, and Monocotyledons occurring in the West Indies archipelago excluding the islands off the coast of Venezuela (Netherlands Antilles, Venezuelan Antilles, Tobago, and Trinidad). For each accepted taxon, nomenclature (including synonyms described from the West Indies and their references to publication), distribution in the West Indies (including endemic, native, or exotic status), common names, and a numerical listing of literature records are given. Type specimen citations are provided for accepted names and synonyms of Cyperaceae, Sapindaceae, and some selected genera in several families including the Apocynaceae (Plumeria), Aquifoliaceae (Ilex), and Santalaceae (Dendrophthora). More than 30,000 names were treated comprising 208 families, 2,033 genera, and 12,279 taxa, which includes exotic and commonly cultivated plants. The total number of indigenous taxa was approximately 10,470 of which 71% (7,446 taxa) are endemic to the archipelago or part of it. Fifteen new names, 37 combinations, and 7 lectotypifications are validated. A searchable website of this catalogue, maintained and continuously updated at the Smithsonian Institution, is available at http://botany.si.edu/antilles/WestIndies/
Wild flowers of Britain & Northern Europe
Recruitment and understorey herb dynamics in deciduous and mixed coniferous forest
Establishment and height development of harvested and naturally regenerated Scots pine near the timberline in North-East Finnish Lapland
Examples of alien pathogens in Finnish potato production - their introduction, establishment and consequences
Effects of seed size and habitat on recruitment patterns in grassland and forest plants
Polymer coated turnip rape seed did not facilitate early broadcast sowing under Finnish growing conditions
Agricultural diversification is one way of meeting the future challenges associated with climate change and population growth, making farmers' access to a diversity of high-yielding, good quality cultivars critical. In this paper we provide an overview of the seed system in the Nordic region from the 1950 to the present. The emphasis  is on breeding businesses and their production of cultivars. Key primary sources have been the national variety lists, other written sources on plant breeding, and a survey. We document how enterprises have merged and how this consolidation process has affected the production of new cultivars and led to an emphasis on major crops, resulting in the abandonment of breeding activities for several other crops. The results are discussed in relation to structures and in the broader context of agrobiodiversity issues in peripheral regions of the world.
Atlas of seeds and small fruits of Northwest-European plant species (Sweden, Norway, Denmark, East Fennoscandia and Iceland) with morphological descriptions. Part 2, Cyperaceae
Seed potatoes : UN/ECE standard S-1
On the ecology and evolution of seed and bud dormancy
"This paper reviews case studies on smallholder seed enterprises in Brazil, Côte d'Ivoire and India, as well as relevant world literature in order to identify key issues that facilitate or constrain the development of the seed factor. The final section provides some guidelines on policy design and implementation to promote the development of sustainable seed enterprises at different stages in the evolution of national seed factors. It provides examples of good practices and hence seeks to assist governments in identifying ways in which they can support the development of smallholder seed enterprises that will provide the most appropriate varieties to smallholder farmers in their efforts to boost food production."--Provided by publisher
