http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11331 forms of government
forms of government
Res publica redefined? : the Polish-Lithuanian transition period of the 1560s and 1570s in the context of European state formation processes
A history of Egypt : from the earliest times to the present
Patterns of government : the major political systems of Europe
A history of Soviet Russia. [11], Foundations of a planned economy 1926-1929
Regime legitimacy in post-communist countries
Herodotus and the philosophy of empire
The British constitution in the twentieth century
The constitutional review
Monarchies 1000-2000
A history of the Modern British Isles, 1603-1707 : the double crown
Making the European polity : reflexive integration in the EU
The book of rule : how the world is governed
Written constitutions : a computerized comparative study
The nature and development of the modern state
Mexico : what everyone needs to know
Constitutional politics : essays on constitution making, maintenance, and change
To keep the Republic : governing the United States in its third century
Borderland : a journey through the history of Ukraine
In the shadow of the sultan : culture, power and politics in Morocco
Russia and its constitution : promise and political reality
Effects of direct support on artists' incomes
Encyclopedia of world constitutions
Monarchism and absolutism in early modern Europe
A handbook of Greek constitutional history
Republicanism, liberty, and commercial society, 1649-1776
Access to business subsidies : what explains complementarities and persistency?
Early modern Europe : crisis of authority
Government in the future
Early state, its alternatives and analogues
Republicanism : a theory of freedom and government
Business support programmes : SME policy description, compensation mechanisms and evaluation systems in five countries and in the European Commission : backround paper for the Ministry of Trade and Industry's working group on the Effectiveness of Business Support Programmes
American government : With self-scoring examination by Samuel Smith
Cases in comparative politics
We the people. 1, Foundations
Worldmark encyclopedia of the nations. Volume 1, United Nations
The socio-political system of Yugoslavia
The rise and decline of the state
Civil society, constitution and legitimacy
The constitutional history of England : in its origin and development. 1-3
Ethnic diversity and federalism : constitution making in South Africa and Ethiopia
Soviet state and society under Nikita Khrushchev
The history of government from the earliest times. Vol. 1, Ancient monarchies and empires
We the people. Volume 2, Transformations
The book of government or rules for kings
Political writings
A commentary on the constitution of the United States. Pt 1, The powers of government. Vol. 1, Federal and state powers
The dissolution of the Habsburg monarchy
The history of government from the earliest times. Vol. 2, The intermediate ages
A view on the British constitutional monarchy from Magna Carta to the 21st century : an essay
The new Germany : national socialist government in theory and practice
Constitutional theory
The making of the modern state : a theoretical evolution
Modern political systems : Europe
Comparisons, regimes, elections : festschrift for Lauri Karvonen
The eighteenth-century constitution 1688-1815 : documents and commentary
Legality and legitimacy
The working constitution of the United Kingdom and its outgrowths
Restructuring the state - regional impacts : a comparative Nordic perspective
The last empire : the final days of the Soviet Union
Business subsidies and bureaucratic behaviour : a revised approach
The Russian constitutional experiment : government and Duma, 1907-1914
Documents on European government
The declaration of independence
AS & A level government & politics through diagrams
Finland 1917-1919 : three conflicts, one country : an American historian traces the tumultuous years following Finland's achievement 0f independence 90 years ago
Bureaucracy, aristocracy and autocracy : the Prussian experience 1660-1815
Emperor Hirohito and Shōwa Japan : a political biography
The constitution of Finland : a contextual analysis
American government : a comparative approach
Evaluation and monitoring of business aid in Finland : applicant enterprises projects and distributors of aid in industrially declining regions : a quantitative approach
Paths to development in Asia : South Korea, Vietnam, China, and Indonesia
Constitutional federalism in a nutshell
Republics and kingdoms compared
Institutional design in new democracies : Eastern Europe and Latin America
Abu Dhabi : oil and beyond
Pan-Saami cooperation : towards a trans-border polity?
Natural rights and the new republicanism
Abstract: Order or autonomy? The concept of power in the Finnish constitutional debate of 1918.
Impact of business subsidies on growth of firms : preliminary evidence from Finnish panel data
An evaluation of the effects of national aids for Southern Finland
The monarchy and the constitution
German identity began to take shape in the late Middle Ages during a period of political weakness and fragmentation for the Holy Roman Empire, the monarchy under which most Germans lived. Between the thirteenth and fifteenth centuries, the idea that there existed a single German people, with its own lands, language and character, became increasingly widespread, as was expressed in written works of the period. This book - the first on its subject in any language - poses a challenge to some dominant assumptions of current historical scholarship: that early European nation-making inevitably took place within the developing structures of the institutional state; and that, in the absence of such structural growth, the idea of a German nation was uniquely, radically and fatally retarded. In recounting the formation of German identity in the late Middle Ages, this book offers an important new perspective both on German history and on European nation-making.
Caesar and the fading of the Roman world : a study in Republicanism and Caesarism
Aurelio Lippo Brandolini's Republics and Kingdoms Compared is the most fascinating and least-known work of humanist political theory before Machiavelli. A Socratic dialogue set in the court of King Mattias Corvinus of Hungary (ca. 1490), the work depicts a debate between the king himself and a Florentine merchant at his court on the relative merits of republics and kingdoms. In effect a searing critique of Florentine civic humanism, the work discusses such issues as free trade and the morality of commerce, the inequalities of wealth typical of republics, the nature of freedom and justice, the reasons for the rise and fall of empires, the causes of political corruption, and the conditions necessary for the flourishing of arts, letters, and culture generally. This is the first critical edition and the first translation into any language.
Nation-building and citizenship : studies of our changing social order
The Inca empire : the formation and disintegration of a pre-capitalist state
Local government law : cases and materials
It's our welfare : report of the citizens' commission on the future of the welfare state
Federalism, feminism and multilevel governance
Nationalism, ethnic identity and conflict management in Russia today
Government & politics in the Nordic Countries : Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, Sweden
After empire : multiethnic societies and nation-building : the Soviet Union and the Russian, Ottoman, and Habsburg empires
Constitutional change, seemingly so orderly, formal, and refined, has in fact been a revolutionary process from the first, as Bruce Ackerman makes clear in We the People: Transformations. The Founding Fathers, hardly the genteel conservatives of myth, set America on a remarkable course of revolutionary disruption and constitutional creativity that endures to this day. After the bloody sacrifices of the Civil War, Abraham Lincoln and the Republican Party revolutionized the traditional system of constitutional amendment as they put principles of liberty and equality into higher law. Another wrenching transformation occurred during the Great Depression, when Franklin Roosevelt and his New Dealers vindicated a new vision of activist government against an assault by the Supreme Court. These are the crucial episodes in American constitutional history that Ackerman takes up in this second volume of a trilogy hailed as "one of the most important contributions to American constitutional thought in the last half-century" (Cass Sunstein, New Republic). In each case he shows how the American people--whether led by the Founding Federalists or the Lincoln Republicans or the Roosevelt Democrats--have confronted the Constitution in its moments of great crisis with dramatic acts of upheaval, always in the name of popular sovereignty. A thoroughly new way of understanding constitutional development, We the People: Transformations reveals how America's "dualist democracy" provides for these populist upheavals that amend the Constitution, often without formalities. The book also sets contemporary events, such as the Reagan Revolution and Roe v. Wade, in deeper constitutional perspective. In this context Ackerman exposes basic constitutional problems inherited from the New Deal Revolution and exacerbated by the Reagan Revolution, then considers the fundamental reforms that might resolve them. A bold challenge to formalist and fundamentalist views, this volume demonstrates that ongoing struggle over America's national identity, rather than consensus, marks its constitutional history.
The constitution of the Roman Republic
Noble conceptions of politics in eighteenth-century Sweden (ca 1740-1790)
Comparisons, regimes, elections : Festschrift for Lauri Karvonen
Some chiefs are "more under" than others : kinship, ritual, and the concept of political hierarchy among the Asante
The sovereign state and its competitors : an analysis of systems change. Hendrik Spruyt
Tribes and state formation in the Middle East
From Roman provinces to medieval kingdoms
Introduction to American government
Political messianism : the romantic phase
State and society in middle and late Silla
Political discussion in modern democracies : a comparative perspective
Discourses concerning government
Europe between democracy and dictatorship, 1900-1945
The shaping of German identity : authority and crisis, 1245-1414
The history of government from the earliest times. Vol. 3, Empires, monarchies, and the modern state
The republican legacy in international thought
The constitution of Finland
Requiem for a constitution : constitutionalism and political culture in early 20th century Sweden
The state of Europe : transformations of statehood from a European perspective
On the constitutional features of Estonia
Impacts of state aid rules on the voluntary tasks of municipalities in support of local livelihood
