http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11383 explorers
explorers
Shackleton's whisky : the extraordinary story of an heroic explorer and twenty-five cases of unique MacKinlay's Old Scotch
The anthropology of expeditions : travel, visualities, afterlives
Livingstone : man of Africa : memorial essays, 1873-1973
"In the West at the turn of the twentieth century, public understanding of science and the world was shaped in part by expeditions to Asia, North America, and the Pacific. The Anthropology of Expeditions draws together contributions from anthropologists and historians of science to explore the role of these journeys in natural history and anthropology between approximately 1890 and 1930. By examining collected materials as well as museum and archive records, the contributors to this volume shed light on the complex social life and intimate work practices of the researchers involved in these expeditions. At the same time, the contributors also demonstrate the methodological challenges and rewards of studying these legacies and provide new insights for the history of collecting, history of anthropology, and histories of expeditions. Offering fascinating insights into the nature of expeditions and the human relationships that shaped them, The Anthropology of Expeditions sets a new standard for the field. "--
CONSUMER ATTITUDES AND BEHAVIOR WHEN SELECTING A HOLIDAY DESTINATION  : Introducing Kurdistan to the Finnish traveler
Weaving together the true life historical expeditions of Ada Blackjack and Robert Bartlett, in 1912 and 1916, with a contemporary fictional story, How to Survive in the North is a unique and visual narrative journey that shows the strength it takes to survive in even the harshest conditions – whether that be struggling for survival in the Arctic in the 1900s or surviving a mid-life crisis in the present day.
The last viking : the life of Roald Amundsen
Burton : a biography of Sir Richard Francis Burton
Celebrated travels and travellers. [2] : The great navigators of the eighteenth century ; with 96 illustrations by Philippoteaux, Benett, and Matthis, and 20 maps by Matthis and Morieu: by Jules Verne
Old worlds to new : the age of exploration and discovery
No man's sky : PlayStation 4
David Livingstone : the unexplored story
Round about the Earth : circumnavigation from Magellan to orbit
Life of Christopher Columbus
Venice in the days of Marco Polo
Pilgrims' reflections on the Camino de Santiago and Glastonbury as expressions of vernacular religion : fieldworker's perspective
Cold : extreme adventures at the lowest temperatures on Earth
My life as an explorer
The hall of a thousand columns : Hindustan to Malabar with Ibn Battutah
In the footsteps of Adam : an autobiography
To the Arctic!
Missionary travels and research in South Africa : including a sketch of sixteen year's residence in the interior of Africa
National Geographic Expeditions Atlas
The letters of T. E. Lawrence
François Péron : an impetuous life : naturalist and voyager
When China ruled the seas : the treasure fleet of the Dragon Throne 1405-1433
To the heart of the Nile : Florance Baker's extraordinary life from the harem to the heart of Africa
The picture history of great explorers. Gillian Clements
Savage harvest : a tale of cannibals, colonialism, and Michael Rockefeller's tragic quest for primitive art
A bride's story. 3
Ludwig Leichhardt : lost in the outback
Alexander von Humboldt (1769–1859) was an intrepid explorer and the most famous scientist of his age. In North America, his name still graces four counties, thirteen towns, a river, parks, bays, lakes, and mountains. His restless life was packed with adventure and discovery, whether he was climbing the highest volcanoes in the world or racing through anthrax-infected Siberia or translating his research into bestselling publications that changed science and thinking. Among Humboldt’s most revolutionary ideas was a radical vision of nature, that it is a complex and interconnected global force that does not exist for the use of humankind alone.
Those who dared
Columbus
Summary in Estonian.
Eskimos and explorers
Columbus : the story of Don Cristóbal Colón, admiral of the ocean and his four voyages westward to the Indies according to contemporary sources retold and illustrated by Björn Landström ; Transl. from the Swedish by Michael Phillips and Hugh W. Stubbs ; Map lettering by Olof Landström
The voyages of Captain Cook
North-east passage : Adolf Erik Nordenskiöld, his life and times
Endeavouring Banks : exploring collections from the Endeavour voyage 1768-1771
A book of traveller's tales
The man who presumed : a biography of Henry M. Stanley
Retracing the steps of Michael C. Rockefeller, who went missing in 1961 during an expedition to New Guinea, an avid traveler immerses himself in the world of former headhunters and cannibals to uncover the truth behind Rockefeller's disappearance
Green was the earth on the seventh day
Destination countries' risk image as perceived by Finnish travellers
The lost Amazon : the pioneering expeditions of Richard Evans Schultes : a rare photographic journey to an uncharted land
The Faber book of exploration : an anthology of worlds revealed by explorers through the ages
Explorers' botanical notebook : in the footsteps of Theophrastus, Marco Polo, Linnaeus, Flinders, Darwin, Speke and Hooker
Forgotten footprints : lost stories in the discovery of Antarctica
Megasthenes (c. 350-290 BCE) : Hellenistic envoy in India
Explorers of the Amazon
Sir Joseph Banks and Iceland
The Race for the South Pole : the expedition diaries of Scott and Amundsen
Who was who in world exploration
Stanley : the impossible life of Africa's greatest explorer
Tax-free shopping in Kajaani by Russian tourists
The still point
India, South
The Canadian Rockies : early travels and explorations
The explorers : from the ancient world to the present
Glorious misadventures : Nikolai Rezanov and the dream of Russian America
The modern explorers
The lost cities of the Mayas : the life, art and discoveries of Frederick Catherwood
Rossijskoe izučenie Central'noj Azii : istoričeskie i sovremennye aspekty ( k 150-letiû P. K. Kozlova) = The Russian exploration of Central Asia in historical perspective and its contemporary aspects (in commemoration of the 150th anniversary of Petr K. Kozlov)
The Nebula valley has just emerged from a dark era, when for centuries, monstrous creatures inhabited the mists. It is now time for guilds of brave explorers to travel through the foggy pathways, exploit the resources and build new buildings and towns on the ruins of the devastated cities. Nebula will restore its peace and prosperity, and you are to become the heroes of the valley!
Richard Spruce (1817-1893) : botanist and explorer
Footprints of foreign explorers on the Silk Road
The abominable snowman : a short story from dragons at crumbling castle
Sir Joseph Dalton Hooker, traveller and plant collector
No such thing as failure
"This book follows the journey of over 80 pioneering botanists and the important findings and collections they have made. It includes each journey and routes taken with the help of maps and personal notes. Each story explains the complications and difficulties that each botanist had to overcome but the many discoveries made along the way."--
Lewis & Clark
South : the story of Shackleton's last expedition
The journals of the expedition : under the command of capts. Lewis and Clark to the sources of the Missouri, thence across the Rocky Mountain and down the river Columbia to the Pacific Ocean, performed during the years 1804-5-6 by order of the Government of the United States. Vol. 1
Foundations of southeastern botany: an annotated bibliography of southeastern American botanical explorers prior to 1824
The voyage of the "Discovery". vol. 1
Desert traveller : the life of Jean Louis Burckhardt
Hawkins, William (d. 1613) : English traveler
The last voyage of Columbus : being the epic tale of the great captain's fourth expedition, including accounts of mutiny, shipwreck, and discovery
Fields of ice
Encyclopedia of World Explorers : from Armstrong to Shackleton
Siebold and Japan : his life and work
The life of Sir Ernest Shackleton
Christopher Columbus
I married adventure : the lives and adventures of Martin and Osa Johnson
Shooting stars : ten historical miniatures
Great journeys : travel the world's most spectacular routes
The third gate : a novel
From Finland to Niagara Falls : explorer Pehr Kalm in North America, 1748-1751
Passionate pilgrims : English travelers to the world of the desert Arabs
Dr. G. Schweinfurth's journeys in the Sudan
Decommodifying volunteer tourism? : insights from nordic non-governmental organizations
HOW TO MARKET FINNISH HOLIDAY RESORTS TO TOURISTS FROM AUSTRALASIA
A brief history of plant collection in Yunnan : 1919-1950
Shackleton : By Endurance We Conquer
Travels in West Africa : Congo Français, Corisco and Cameroons
Botanical exploration of southern Africa : An illustrated history of early botanical literature on the Cape flora : Biographical accounts of the leading plant collectors and their activities in southern Africa from the days of the East India Company until modern times
The Malay archipelago : the land of the orang-utan, and the bird of paradise : a narrative of travel, with studies of man and nature
The ancient explorers
Cape floral kingdom : classic story of South Africa's wild flowers
Twenty explorers
Among unknown tribes : rediscovering the photographs of explorer Carl Lumholtz
The worst journey in the world
The study of online hospitality exchange : The case of couch surfing network
A rage to live
The secret of Abdu El Yezdi : a Burton & Swinburne adventure
Heart-beguiling Araby
The Worst Journey in the World is a gripping account of an expedition gone disastrously wrong. One of the youngest members of Scott's team, Apsley Cherry-Garrard was later part of the rescue party that found the frozen bodies of Scott and the three men who had accompanied him on the final push to the Pole.
Between man and beast : a tale of exploration and evolution
Ísland á nítjándu öld : leidangrar og listamenn : artist and odysseys = Nineteenth-century Iceland
The voyage of the "Discovery". vol. 2
The last Viking : the life of Roald Amundsen, conqueror of the South Pole
The expedition : solving the mystery of a polar tragedy
True grit : the epic true stories of survival and heroism that have shaped my life
Burton : Arabian nights adventurer
Thor Heyerdahl : the explorer
A short history of polar exploration
Captain Sir Richard Francis Burton : the secret agent who made the pilgrimage to Mecca, discovered the Kama Sutra, and brought the Arabian nights to the west
The return of the discontinued man : a Burton & Swinburne adventure
Oliver and the seawigs
Lego Indiana Jones : the original adventures : PlayStation 3
A pioneering plantsman : A. K. Bulley and the great plant hunters
THE USBORNE BOOK OF EXPLORERS
Endurance : Shackleton's incredible voyage
Zheng He's voyages down the western seas
In search of kings and conquerors : Gertrude Bell and the archaeology of the Middle East
The map of lost memories : a novel
The great travelers : a collection of firsthand narratives of wayfarers, wanderers and explorers in all parts of the world from 450 b.c. to the present. Vol. 1
The dream of Lhasa : the life of Nikolay Przhevalsky (1839-88) explorer of Central Asia
Oriental assembly
Across Asia from West to East in 1906-1908. 1
Ancient Egypt : an introduction
The expedition : a love story : solving the mystery of a polar tragedy
Ísland á átjándu öld : myndir úr leidöngrum Banks og Stanleys : a pictorial record from the Banks and Stanley expeditions = Eighteenth-century Iceland
Cold : extreme adventures at the lowest temperatures on earth
How to survive in the north
It’s the beginning of the 20th century and North Pole is yet to be conquered by man. Several teams are on the mission at once. The competition is harsh and the arctic is merciless. Which team will be the sole survivor and be remembered always as bold conquerors?
Exploration and discovery
Eric the Red : the Viking adventurer
The journals of the expedition : under the command of capts. Lewis and Clark to the sources of the Missouri, thence across the Rocky Mountain and down the river Columbia to the Pacific Ocean, performed during the years 1804-5-6 by order of the Government of the United States. Vol. 2
Beneath London
Great Explorers
Costa Rica : Reveal the rainforest
Race to the north pole
The letters and journals of Simon Fraser
The life and explorations of David Livingstone, LL.D. : carefully compiled from reliable sources
The voyage of Columbus
I am just going outside : Captain Oates - Antarctic tragedy
Undying curiosity : Carsten Niebuhr and The Royal Danish Expedition to Arabia (1761-1767)
Shipton and Tilman : the great decade of Himalayan exploration
Scott of the Antarctic
The fatal impact : an account of the invasion of the South Pacific 1765-1840
I wonder why Columbus crossed the ocean : and other questions about explorers
Captain Cook, the seamen's seaman : a study of the great discoverer
Invention of Nature : the adventures of Alexander von Humboldt, the lost hero of science
The marketing research on potential outbound tourists in Shanghai to travel in the Kuopio region
Shackleton : Antarctic odyssey
Explorers' sketchbooks : the art of discovery & adventure
The Weaver boy, who became a missionary : being the story of the life and labours of David Livingstone
The discovery of River Gambra (1623)
Flora of the Guianas : supplementary series. Fasc. 3. The Guyanan plant collections of Robert and Richard Schomburgk (J.A.C van Dam)
You and your fellow adventurers are discovering the wildlife of the rainforest: toucans, monkeys, jaguars and more! Each turn, you and your fellow explorers will reveal what is hiding. Will you take your data back, or keep pushing on, even though another explorer might take credit for your hard work? Avoid mosquitos, discover animals and prove that you are the best explorer in Costa Rica!
Explorers and discoverers of the world
