http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11358 sublime
sublime
The feminine sublime : gender and excess in women's fiction
American sublime : landscape painting in the United States, 1820-1880
Schopenhauer and the aesthetic standpoint : philosophy as a practice of the sublime
Beauty and the contemporary sublime / Jeremy Gilbert-Rolfe
The assasination of experiénce by painting, Monory = L'assassinat de l'experience par la peinture, Monory : postmodern romantics = romantiques postmodernes / Francois Lyotard, Jacques Monory ; Sarah Wilson ed.
Critical aesthetics and postmodernism
Aristotle in twenty-three volumes. 23, The poetics
Postmodernism : ICA documents / ed. by Lisa Appignanesi
"This volume offers readers a unique and comprehensive overview of theoretical perspectives on "the sublime," the singular aesthetic response elicited by phenomena that move viewers by transcending and overwhelming them. The book consists of an editor's introduction and fifteen chapters written from a variety of disciplinary perspectives. Part One examines philosophical approaches advanced historically to account for the phenomenon, beginning with Longinus, moving through eighteenth and nineteenth century writers in Britain, France, and Germany, and concluding with developments in contemporary continental philosophy. Part Two explores the sublime with respect to particular disciplines and areas of study, including Dutch literature, early modern America, the environment, religion, British Romanticism, the fine arts, and architecture. Each chapter is both accessible for nonspecialists and offers an original contribution to its respective field of inquiry"--
The sublime : the precursors and British eighteen-century conceptions
The shock of the ancient : literature & history in early modern France
These essays recover the lively discussions on the topics of "magnificence" and "the sublime" in the art and literature of antiquity, the Renaissance, and the ages following, and apply them to the Middle Ages to draw exciting new conlusions.
Intercultural aesthetics : a worldview perspective
The sublime : a reader in British eighteenth-century aesthetic theory
Critique of judgement
The sublime, terror and human difference
The preference for the primitive : episodes in the history of Western taste and art
Philosophy and the arts : collected essays
The poetics
A philosophical enquiry into the sublime and beautiful
Philosophies of art and beauty : selected readings in aesthetics from Plato to Heidegger
The idea of form : rethinking Kant's aesthetics
Studies in eighteenth-century British art and aesthetics
Milton and the ineffable
The sublime : from antiquity to the present
This book examines the promotion of the sensuous as part of religious experience in the Roman Catholic Church of the early modern period. During the Counter-Reformation, every aspect of religious and devotional practice was reviewed, including the role of art and architecture, and the invocation of the five senses to incite devotion became a hotly contested topic. The Protestants condemned the material cult of veneration of relics and images, rejecting the importance of emotion and the senses and instead promoting the power of reason in receiving the Word of God. After much debate, the Church concluded that the senses are necessary to appreciate the sublime, and that they derive from the Holy Spirit. As part of its attempt to win back the faithful, the Church embraced the sensuous and promoted the use of images, relics, liturgy, processions, music, and theater as important parts of religious experience.
In The Sublime in Modern Philosophy: Aesthetics, Ethics, and Nature, Emily Brady takes a fresh look at the sublime and shows why it endures as a meaningful concept in contemporary philosophy. In a reassessment of historical approaches, the first part of the book identifies the scope and value of the sublime in eighteenth-century philosophy (with a focus on Kant), nineteenth-century philosophy and Romanticism, and early wilderness aesthetics. The second part examines the sublime's contemporary significance through its relationship to the arts; its position with respect to other aesthetic categories involving mixed or negative emotions, such as tragedy; and its place in environmental aesthetics and ethics. Far from being an outmoded concept, Brady argues that the sublime is a distinctive aesthetic category which reveals an important, if sometimes challenging, aesthetic-moral relationship with the natural world.
Musically sublime : indeterminacy, infinity, irresolvability
Kansallinen, eurooppalainen, globaali : taloussosiologian tutkimusseminaarit vuonna 2004 = National, European, global : research seminars of economic sosiology 2004
Reinventing the Sublime looks at 18th-century, Romantic, modernist and postmodern 'inventions' of the sublime alongside contemporary critical accounts of the relationship of sublimity to subjectivity, aesthetics, politics and history, including '9/11'. It reads Burke and Kant alongside postmodern discourses on the sublime, and Wordsworth, De Quincey and Mary Shelley in relation to temporality and materiality in Romanticism, and considers 'modernist' inflections of the sublime in T.S. Eliot, Virginia Woolf and Djuna Barnes in relation to the themes of disjunction and excess in modernity. The author examines the postmodern revisiting of the sublime in Thomas Pynchon, D.M Thomas and Toni Morrison, and draws on Lyotard's reading of the sublime as an aesthetic of the avant-garde and as a singular and disruptive 'event', to argue that the sublime in its postmodern and contemporary forms encodes an anxious but affirmative relationship to the ironies of temporality and history.
Out of minimalism : the referential cube : contextualising sculptures by Antony Gormley, Anish Kapoor and Rachel Whiteread / Malin Hedlin Hayden
Translations of the sublime : the early modern reception and dissemination of Longinus' Peri hupsous in rhetoric, the visual arts, architecture and the theatre
The illuminating traveler : expressions of the ineffability of the sublime
Nihilism and the sublime postmodern : the (hi)story of a difficult relationship from romanticism to postmodernism
An interdisciplinary reassessment of Milton's poetry in light of the literary and conceptual problem posed by the poet's attempt to put into words that which is unsayable and beyond representation. Situates Milton's emerging poetics of ineffability in the context of the intellectual cross-currents of Renaissance humanism and Protestant theology.
Nietzsche, aesthetics and modernity
The western theory of tradition : terms and paradigms of the cultural sublime
The sublime
Sublime understanding : aesthetic reflection in Kant and Hegel
Natural beauty : a theory of aesthetics beyond the arts
A few weeks after the reunification of Germany, Leonard Bernstein raised his baton above the ruins of the Berlin Wall and conducted a special arrangement of Beethoven's ninth symphony. The central statement of the work, that "all men will be brothers," captured the sentiment of those who saw a brighter future for the newly reunited nation. This now-iconic performance is a palpable example of "musical monumentality" - a significant concept which underlies our cultural and ideological understanding of Western art music since the nineteenth-century. Although the concept was first raised in the earliest years of musicological study in the 1930s, a satisfying exploration of the "monumental" in music has not yet been made. Alexander Rehding, one of the brightest young stars in the field, takes on the task in Music and monumentality, an elegant, thorough treatment that will serve as a foundation for all future discussion in this area.
The modern androgyne imagination : a failed sublime
Aesthetic theory
Music and monumentality : commemoration and wonderment in nineteenth-century Germany
The sublime and its teleology : Kant, German idealism, phenomenology
Reinventing the sublime : post-Romantic literature and theory
The Sublime
Of the sublime : presence in question
The imperial sublime : a Russian poetics of empire
The sublime in modern philosophy : aesthetics, ethics, and nature
The romantic sublime : studies in the structure and psychology of transcendence
Nordic sublime / Magne Malmanger
A philosophical enquiry into the origin of our ideas of the sublime and beautiful
The sensuous in the Counter-Reformation church
Lessons on the analytic of the sublime : (Kant's 'Critique of judgment', §§ 23-29)
Christine Battersby is a leading thinker in the field of philosophy, gender studies and visual and literary aesthetics. In this important new work, she undertakes an exploration of the nature of the sublime, one of the most important topics in contemporary debates about modernity, politics and art. Through a compelling examination of terror, transcendence and the 'other' in key European philosophers and writers, Battersby articulates a radical 'female sublime'. A central feature of The Sublime, Terror and Human Difference is its engagement with recent debates around '9/11', race and Islam. Battersby shows how, since the eighteenth century, the pleasures of the sublime have been described in terms of the transcendence of terror. Linked to the 'feminine', the sublime was closed off to flesh-and-blood women, to 'Orientals' and to other supposedly 'inferior,' human types. Engaging with Kant, Burke, the German Romantics, Nietzsche, Derrida, Lyotard, Irigaray and Arendt, as well as with women writers and artists, Battersby traces the history of these exclusions, while finding resources within the history of western culture for thinking human differences afresh
Enchantment : on charisma and the sublime in the arts of the west
Phantom and the abyss : the Gothic fiction in America and aesthetics of the sublime 1798-1856
Magnificence and the sublime in Medieval aesthetics : art, architecture, literature, music
The critique of judgement
Lively and deeply productive discussions have focused on the topics of "Magnificence" and "the Sublime" in the art and literature of antiquity, the Renaissance and the ages following, including the twentieth and twenty-first centuries. They have engaged major figures: Ernst Gombrich, Theodore Adorno, Barnett Newman, Jean-Francois Lyotard to name only a few. This discussion has virtually bypassed the Middle Ages. The essays in Magnificence and the Sublime reclaim a position for the medieval period in the theoretical discussion of art, architecture, music and literature. It shows that artistic practice in the Middle Ages often strove for, and celebrated, grand effects. These are analysed as an aesthetic of grandeur, a psychology and a sociology of that aesthetic, also the emotional response of hearer/viewer/reader to the magnificent and the sublime.
Sublimity : the non-rational and the irrational in the history of aesthetics
Geek sublime : writing fiction, coding software
Beauty and the contemporary sublime
The sublime / edited by Simon Morley
