http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11302 use of language
use of language language use
Going into the real world : language learners' views on how foreign language teaching prepares them to use language in authentic situations
Metadiscourse in academic conference presentations
Swing to bop, hep to hip : a study in jazz parlance
In this fascinating survey of everything from how sounds become speech to how names work, David Crystal answers every question you might ever have had about the nuts and bolts of language in his usual highly illuminating way. Along the way we find out about eyebrow flashes, whistling languages, how parents teach their children to speak, how politeness travels across languages and how the way we talk shows not just how old we are but where were from and even who we want to be.
Language and politics in post-Soviet Russia : a corpus-assisted approach
Literacy and language analysis
Aristotle and an aardvark go to Washington : understanding political doublespeak through philosphy and jokes
Swing to bop - hep to hip : a study in jazz parlance
The prodigal tongue : dispatches from the future of english
"Corpus Linguistics is becoming an increasingly important branch of language research and interest has spread noticeably beyond the confines of academia, fuelled by applications like text predicting software. The idea of priming in language goes back to the early 1960s with the concept of a 'Teachable Language Comprehender', which started experiments into language processing and which inspired one of Google's chief engineers. The concept of Lexical Priming (Hoey: 2005) aims to supply answers as to how we can explain word choices and construction forms that are more frequent than laws of probability would allow. This book provides a range of arguments to support the validity of Lexical Priming as a linguistic theory, while it also extends the reach of what Lexical Priming has been used to describe. Beyond the written-text material originally used, this book provides evidence that lexical priming also applies to everyday spoken conversations as its psychological foundations predict that it should"--
Early communication skills
The language of the blue books : Wales and colonial prejudice
So you think you're good at English : a quizzical book
Inside plea bargaining : the language of negotiation
Slovnica in slovar : aktualni jezikovni opis = Grammar and dictionary : current language description
Certainty and uncertainty markers in academic conference presentations
This updated edition explores the basic components of the framing process including communication goals, mental models, context, priming for spontaneity, language use, and believability frames (for ethical communication). This new edition is organized to emphasize the skills, science, art ethics and the history of research on framing. The author offers a better understanding of the subject, a diagnostic instrument, current research on the unconscious learning process, dramatic examples of framing applications, updated examples throughout. It explores its current popularity of framing in media studies, decision making, and multi-party conflicts.
Quick pint after work?
Acceptance or rejection : politeness strategies in editorial responses to research article submissions
Better business writing : how to give extra power and clarity to your memos, letters and reports
Using language in the classroom
Process linguistics : exploring the processual aspects of language and language use, and the methods of their description
Traduction et conscience sociale autour de la pensée de Daniel Simeoni = Translation as social conscience around rhe work of Daniel Simeoni
Studies in Europragmatics : some theoretical foundations and practical implications
Relevance theoretical and other apporoaches to verbal humour
Vladimir Sorokin's languages
The Muslim conception of God and human welfare as reflected in everyday Arabic speech
The language of deception : a discourse analytical study
The civic tongue : political consequences of language choices
The quality and effectiveness of advertising language : a comparison of the advertising copy of three leading paper machine manufactures
Avoid them like the plague : a book of clichés
Talk to the hand : the utter bloody rudeness of everyday life (or six good reasons to stay at home and bolt the door)
A sequential analysis of "nú" and "núna" in Icelandic conversation
Right, alright and all right in the speech of adolescents and adults
Chain compounds in present-day English journalism
An introduction to social constructionism
With the imagery of a poet and the reflection of a philosopher, David Whyte turns his attention to 52 ordinary words, each its own particular doorway into the underlying currents of human life. Beginning with Alone and closing with Work, each chapter is a meditation on meaning and context, an invitation to shift and broaden our perspectives on the inevitable vicissitudes of life: pain and joy, honesty and anger, confession and vulnerability, the experience of feeling besieged and the desire to run away from it all. Through this lens, procrastination may be a necessary ripening; hiding an act of freedom; and shyness the appropriate confusion and helplessness that accompanies the first stage of revelation. Consolations invites readers into a poetic and thoughtful consideration of words whose meaning and interpretation influence the paths we choose and the way we traverse them throughout our lives.
Language and masculinities : performance, intersections, dislocations
Observation on the use of substantival and adjectivical prefixes in medical English
An analysis of the English language used in the television series Hill Street Blues
Rhetoric and public speech in English republicanism 1642-1681
Nonkilling speaks both to the goal of preserving the physical lives of individuals, communities, other species, the environment as well as the more metaphorical but also extremely important survival of languages, cultures, histories (oral and written), literary manifestations, etc. The list is vast and varied, and the good news is that a nonkilling mentality can be applied to all these realms and lives. This volume helps us start exploring the potential of the nonkilling paradigm when it comes to language use, education and legislation. As many are aware, language permeates most facets of human experience: we use different forms of language and literacy to establish contact with one another, to communicate our thoughts and feelings, to make sense of the world around us, and ultimately to realize our destiny as social beings.
Analysis of the vocabulary of newsarticles in the three English newspapers, the Times, the Daily Express and Daily Mirror
Men are from Mars, women are from Venus : the definitive guide to relationships
Handbook of persuasive tactics : a practical language guide
Finnish students' uses of and attitudes towards English on Facebook
"Read my lips" : analysis of persuasive strategies in George Bush's discourse on the Persian Gulf War
Spanish idioms in practice : understanding language and culture
The lexis and lexicogrammar of Sri Lankan English
Holy shit : a brief history of swearing
The use of English
Language : its structure and use
Order in court : the organisation of verbal interaction in judicial settings
The anatomy of swearing
The language of schooling : a functional linguistics perspective
Eighteenth-century English : ideology and change
Linguistic analysis of online conflicts: a case study of flaming in the Smokahontas comment thread on YouTube
Talking difference : on gender and language
The analysis of political discourse
Simply English : an A-Z of avoidable errors
The Amazigh language at home and at school : perspectives of oral discourse structure and academic language skills ; [... report of the proceedings of the Workshop From Oral Discourse Structure in Berber to Academic Language Skills in Dutch, organized by Babylon, Centre for Studies of the Multicultural Society, at Tilburg University, from 01-10-2004 to 02-10-2004 ...]
Fraasien tilastollinen rakenne suomenkielisen sanomalehtitekstin lauseissa = Statistical structure of phrases in Finnish newspaper sentences
Research and practice in professional discourse
English for international communication
Language shift : social determinants of linguistic change in bilingual Austria
Irony in political debate : a relevance-theoretic approach
The word at war : World War Two in 100 phrases
Male/female language in the creation of stereotyped television characters
Advertising language and gender
Invectives in William Congreve's Love and love and The way of the world
Renaissance of classical allusions in contemporary Russian media
Impoliteness : using language to cause offence
The structure of psychological common sense
The semantics of science
The war of the words : the political correctness debate
The language of psychotherapy
Gender or power? PDF : tag questions in Patricia Cornwell's Black notice and The last precinct
"Language and Gender is an introduction to the study of the relation between gender and language use, written by two leading experts in the field. This new edition, thoroughly updated and restructured, brings out more strongly an emphasis on practice and change, while retaining the broad scope of its predecessor and its accessible introductions which explain the key concepts in a non-technical way. The authors integrate issues of sexuality more thoroughly into the discussion, exploring more diverse gendered and sexual identities and practices. The core emphasis is on change, both in linguistic resources and their use and in gender and sexual ideologies and personae. This book explores how change often involves conflict and competing norms, both social and linguistic. Drawing on their own extensive research, as well as other key literature, the authors argue that the connections between language and gender are deep yet fluid, and arise in social practice"--
Effects of language intensity in persuasive political texts
Language and discipline perspectives on academic discourse
When is language considered 'impolite'? Is impolite language only used for anti-social purposes? Can impolite language be creative? What is the difference between 'impoliteness' and 'rudeness'? Grounded in naturally-occurring language data and drawing on findings from linguistic pragmatics and social psychology, Jonathan Culpeper provides a fascinating account of how impolite behaviour works. He examines not only its forms and functions but also people's understandings of it in both public and private contexts. He reveals, for example, the emotional consequences of impoliteness, how it shapes and is shaped by contexts, and how it is sometimes institutionalised. This book offers penetrating insights into a hitherto neglected and poorly understood phenomenon. It will be welcomed by students and researchers in linguistics and social psychology in particular.
Built on a highly traditional educational system, the language of Byzantine literature was for the most part written in an idiom deeply influenced by ancient Greek texts and grammatical handbooks. The resulting overall archaizing impression of Byzantine Greek is largely why the language of learned literature--as compared with the relatively well researched vernacular literature--has seldom been taken seriously as an object of linguistic study. This volume combines the expertise of linguists and scholars of Byzantine literature to challenge the assumption that learned mediaeval Greek is merely the weary continuation of ancient Greek or, worse still, a poor imitation of it, while proposing that it needs to be treated as a literary idiom in its own right. The contribution that texts of this kind can offer to sub-fields of Greek historical linguistics is explored using specific examples. Sociolinguistic theory provides a particularly useful framework for a more accurate analysis of the relationship between the vernacular and classicizing varieties of Greek literary language. In addition, the impact of the educational system on the production of texts is examined. In another chapter it is shown that a number of far-reaching assumptions, which originated in the 15th century, about accentuation and the middle voice still tend to colour our understanding of Byzantine, as well as ancient, Greek. Other chapters focusing on particles, the dative and the synthetic perfect reveal that Byzantine authors, while of course influenced by the living spoken language, used their classical linguistic heritage in a creative and innovative way.
Discourse of the dominant : language and power in the U.S. Congress speeches on Panama, Feb-May 1989
Female style vs. male style or something in between? : a case study on gendered communication on the Humans of New York Facebook page
Nonkilling linguistics : practical applications
Language on trial : the plain English guide to legal writing
Language and power in the office
The discourse track
Why we curse : a neuro-psycho-social theory of speech
The fundamentals of psycholinguistics
How to talk teen : From Asshat To Zup, The Totes Awesome Dictionary Of Teenage Slang
Using Russian : a guide to contemporary usage
On the humorous mechanisms of a short comic strip : a linguistic approach
The Penguin guide to plain English : express yourself clearly and effectively
Realnyi English : how to speak, tštoby vas ponjali
The art of political warfare
Words apart : the language of prejudice
Politeness strategies in correspondence between congress organisers and participants
Multilingual language use and metapragmatic reflexivity in Finnish internet football forums : a study in the sociolinguistics of globalization
In 1847 Report of the Commission of Inquiry into the state of education in Wales, which became known as The Treachery of the Blue Books, was a major turning point in Welsh history. While praising some schools and teachers, it presented an overall picture of the Welsh working class as dirty, drunken, deceitful, superstitious and sexually promiscuous, and castigated Welsh Nonconformity and the Welsh language. This image remained strong for the remainder of the 19th century. This volume traces the background to the Report, by outlining the ideas and attitudes current at the time among the English social class from which the Commissioners were drawn and then considers in detail the language used in the Report. It argues that the Report's claims to objective description and judgement are undermined by its use of language, which reveals the social, political, national, gender and religious preconceptions of the men who wrote it.
The language of Byzantine learned literature
Historical studies in the language of chemistry
Language Variation - European Perspectives V : selected papers from the Seventh International Conference on Language Variation in Europe (ICLaVE 7), Trondheim, June 2013
Orwellian language and the media
Leadership, discourse, and ethnicity
Medical discourse in professional, academic and popular settings
Advertising English in American magazines : a comparative study of the vocabulary and readability
English for the natives : discover the grammar you don't know you know
The Oxford guide to English usage
The workings of language : from prescriptions to perspectives
The creative writer's style guide : rules and advice for writing fiction and creative nonfiction
Speaking of sex : the limits of language
Communication, language and sex : proceedings of the First Annual Conference
Perspectives inter-culturelles et inter-linguistiques sur le discours académique. volume 1 = Cross-cultural and cross-linguistic perspectives on academic discourse
Approaches to studying world-situated language use : bridging the language-as-product and language-as-action traditions
Although the act of swearing, or cursing, has today been reduced to the four-letter interjection and unimaginative put-down, this has not always been the case. Elegant, sublime oaths and vicious imprecations mark the history of human conduct and language. Shedding light on the forbidden, misunderstood, and clandestinely pursued forms of interpersonal communication, The Anatomy of Swearing uniquely documents the history of taboo words and phrases. It presents the curious inquirer with a summary of what the best minds and most accomplished practitioners of the art have said and done inventively in the form of indiscrete, insulting, spiteful, or otherwise objectionable speech. Swearing is one of the most cathartic and common modes of language. Montagu examines the genre in all its aspects--its origins, philosophy, and psychology--as well as its evolution and differing manifestations in various ages and cultures. Montagu demonstrates that the human race, regardless of time and culture, has always used invective to lighten its burden. The Anatomy of Swearing traces this phenomenon from the ancient Egyptians, Hebrews, and Babylonians through Elizabethan England to the middle class of contemporary America.
An uncommon tongue : the uses and resources of English
Summary.
English vocabulary in use : upper-intermediate
Politeness features in telefax messages
Plain words : a guide to the use of English
Collins Webster's easy learning how to use English
Constructing knowledge : epistemic practices in three television interview genres
A systematic description of language teaching objectives based on the specification of language use situations : abridged version
Second language acquisition : socio-cultural and linguistic aspects of English in India
English in diplomacy : expressions and structures used in diplomatic documents, their origins and present-day applications
Letters and letter sequencies in Finnish newspaper text: summary.
Orality and literacy : the technologizing of the word
African American women's language : discourse, education, and identity
"Hey what's up dude!" : greetings in email messages in L2 English and L2 Swedish
The elements of legal style
Language in education : a source book
Speech presentation in the British and German press
How language works : how babies babble, words change meaning, and languages live or die
Work with me
While European languages have been quite frequently studied with respect to cultural-historical, sociopolitical and word-form-oriented issues, the study by Joachim Grzega is the first monograph that deals intensively with the search for commonalities of European languages with respect to the use of word-forms, i.e. pragmalinguistic aspects. The book addresses basic general definitory questions (e.g. what is "European," what is "Eurolinguistic"?), it discusses and creates methodological approaches of qualitative and quantitative research, it compares working with naturally gathered (spoken and written) language data (e.g. Wikipedia, EU minutes, Facebook) and working with language data artificially elicited by questionnaires, and it makes suggestions on how the results of analyses on speech-acts, address terms, word-connotations and other communicative patterns could be interpreted. Grzega's volume includes numerous case studies related to synchronic, historical and applied europragmatics, transferring results into numerous figures (among them the map of the flight of the Europragmatic bumblebee, showing the distribution of 36 Europragmatic features).
Adjectival use of nouns in American newsmagazines
Heteroglossic and multimodal resources in use : participation across spaces of identification in a Christian lifestyle sports community
How to talk about love : reaching for the lost language of endearment
Language and gender
Our masters' voices : the language and body language of politics
The King's English
Observations on the use of phrasal verbs in advertising English
Discourse and performance of international teaching assistants
The mimesis of structures = Struktuurien mimesis
The language of judges
Linguistic devices in the discourse on embryonic stem cell research
A comparison of male and female language characteristics in three American plays
PALPA : psycholinguistic assessments of language processing in aphasia. (1), Introduction (2) Auditory processing (3) Reading and spelling (4) Picture and word semantics (5) Sentence comprehension
Always on : language in an online and mobile world
The King`s English : a guide to modern usage
The voices and words of women and men
Finnish summary.
Would newspeak make us all duckspeak? : a linguist's answer
Consolations : the solace, nourishment and underlying meaning of everday words
Why Mars & Venus collide
Men are from Mars, women are from Venus : a pactical guide for improving communication and getting what you want in your relationships
Finnish pupils' communicative language use of English in interviews in basic education grades 1-6
The King's English : a guide to modern usage
Switching between Estonian Sign Language and Spoken Estonian : Functions and Factors Affecting Language Use among Deaf and Hearing Bimodal Bilinguals
That's not English : Britishisms, Americanisms and what our English says about us
On the style and the grammar of English front page headlines : quality and popular press compared and contrasted
Division of labour in cross-sex conversation
Promotion and politeness : conflicting scholarly rhetoric in three disciplines
Totalitarian speech
The Macmillan good English handbook
This volume showcases cutting-edge research in the linguistic and discursive study of masculinities, comprising the first significant edited collection on language and masculinities since Johnson and Meinhof's 1997 volume. Overall, the chapters are linked together by a critical analytical perspective that seeks to understand the relationships between discourse, masculinities, and power. Whereas some of the chapters offer detailed, linguistically informed critiques of the ways in which old and new expressions of masculinities are complicit in the reproduction of men's hegemonic positions of power, others provide a more complex picture, one in which collusion and subversion go hand in hand. Contributions argue for the need for research on language and masculinities to expand its remit so as to engage with "gay masculinities," and unsettle gendered categories in order to consider the ways in which women, transgender, and intersex individuals also perform a variety of masculinities. Finally, unlike Johnson and Meinhof's 1997 collection, this volume not only offers a wider—and perhaps "queerer" perspective—on the study of language and masculinities, but also covers a broader geographical and socio-cultural spectrum, including work on Brazil, Israel, New Zealand, Singapore, and South Africa.
Football clichés : a speculative effort, from distance, to translate the curious language of football
Imperfect language: How come? and So what?
Women and men speaking. Difference and dominance in Who's afraid of Virginia Woolf?
Abstract.
Walter J. Ong's classic work provides a fascinating insight into the social effects of oral, written, printed and electronic technologies, and their impact on philosophical, theological, scientific and literary thought. This thirtieth anniversary edition - coinciding with Ong's centenary year - reproduces his best-known and most influential book in full and brings it up to date with two new exploratory essays by cultural writer and critic John Hartley. Hartley provides: A scene-setting chapter that situates Ong's work within the historical and disciplinary context of post-war Americanism and the rise of communication and media studies; A closing chapter that follows up Ong's work on orality and literacy in relation to evolving media forms, with a discussion of recent criticisms of Ong's approach, and an assessment of his concept of the 'evolution of consciousness'; Extensive references to recent scholarship on orality, literacy and the study of knowledge technologies, tracing changes in how we know what we know. These illuminating essays contextualize Ong within recent intellectual history, and display his work's continuing force in the ongoing study of the relationship between literature and the media, as well as that of psychology, education and sociological thought.
The use of 'you know', 'I mean' and 'sort of' by London teenagers
Lexical priming in spoken English usage
Rock your presentation : a new guide to speaking with passion
Autobiographical moralizing in celebrity discussions on the Internet : how do discussion participants confess and testify in Finnish and English?
"I Sid you not", "Raanta Claus" and "Getz the last laf" : punning wordplays in the news headlines of the National Hockey League's official website
Japanese in action : an unorthodox approach to the spoken language and the people who speak it
The use of English. Randolph Quirk ; with supplements by A. C. Gimson & Jeremy Warburg
Error error lataa patteri : from language alternation to global multilingual repertoires in Finnish youth radio programs in Finland and Sweden
Dreaming in Chinese : lessons in life, love and Mandarin
Devotional language
Adverbials as semantic and pragmatic operators : a functional approach to the analysis of English fiction language
You say potato : a book about accents
Metaphor in use : context, culture, and communication
Young children as intercultural mediators : Mandarin-speaking Chinese families in Britain
Words
Happily ever after : celebrating Jane Austen's Pride and prejudice
"The eighteenth century was a key period in the development of the English language, in which the modern standard emerged and many dictionaries and grammars first appeared. This book is divided into thematic sections which deal with issues central to English in the eighteenth century. These include linguistic ideology and the grammatical tradition, the contribution of women to the writing of grammars, the interactions of writers at this time and how politeness was encoded in language, including that on a regional level. The contributions also discuss how language was seen and discussed in public and how grammarians, lexicographers, journalists, pamphleteers and publishers judged on-going change. The novel insights offered in this book extend our knowledge of the English language at the onset of the modern period"
Using talk to support writing
Doublespeak : from "revenue enhancement" to "terminal living" : how government, business, advertisers, and others use language to decieve you
An introduction to sociolinguistics
Oh as a discourse marker
From understanding to participation : a relational approach to embodied practices
Indian English : texts and interpretation
A dictionary of modern English usage
This refreshing re-evaluation of current wisdom - both academic and popular - about men's and women's language critically assesses the abundant social science research of recent years and its representation in the mass media. Exploring a wide range of topics, from talk shows to self-help books, Mary Crawford offers a new understanding of the role of language practices in both maintaining - and disrupting - gender inequality. The book addresses such provocative questions as: Why has the study of gender and language so often focused on the limitations of women's talk? How do academic practices constrain our understanding of how gender relations are re-created and maintained in language use? Why do assertiveness texts usually ignore indirect modes of speech such as humour and storytelling?
Metaphorically speaking : the metaphor as a frame of political action during the 1988 Democratic and Republican national party conventions
Thematic structure in statutory English
The state of the language
Teacher talk : what it really means
Disability and discource analysis
The language of TV news
Writing for dollars, writing to please : the case for plain language in business, government, and law
The power of framing : creating the language of leadership
Himglish and Femalese : why women don't get why men don't get them
Dirty Spanish : everyday slang from "What's up?" to "F*%# off!"
