http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11338 commercial methods
commercial methods
ICT and e-business adoption of SMEs in the Rovaniemi region
Delivering IT and e-business value
Management information systems for the information age
Proceedings of the 4th ACM Conference on Electronic Commerce,  EC'03, San Diego, California, USA, June 9-12, 2003.
Integrated marketing communications emphasizing future marketing communications solution : company X case study
Getting (more of) what you want : How the secrets of economics & psychology can help you negotiate anything in business & life
The business of ecommerce : from corporate strategy to technology
Trade, trust, and networks : commercial culture in late medieval Italy
EC '07 : proceedings of the 8th ACM Conference on Electronic Commerce, San Diego, CA, USA, June 11-15, 2007
Electronic customer experience management (e-CEM) maturity : marketing perspective
Effective web presence solutions for small businesses : strategies for successful implementation
Elegant science in floriculture : a proceedings of the XXVI International Horticultural Congress : Toronto, Canada, 11-17 August, 2002
ICT and services : combining views from IS and service research : proceedings of the post-graduate seminar : May 5-6, 2003, Turku, Finland
Multinational production and trade in technological knowledge
Journal of business and technical communication
Travel in the digital age
Finnish high-tech industries and European integration = (Suomen huipputeknologiateollisuus yhdentyvässä Euroopassa)
E-tourism mobile application development
Marketing plan for Globesoft Solutions
Professional English : communication skills for professionals working in business, industry and international organisations. Coursebook
Tietotekniikan käyttö yrityksissä 2007 = Use of information technology in enterprises
EC '10 : proceedings of the 2010 ACM Conference on Electronic Commerce, Cambridge, MA, USA, July 7-11, 2010
The effects of electronic commerce on income taxation
Bid for power : English for commerce and industry. Student's coursebook
Production and foreign trade of high-technology products in Finland
An introduction to digital media
Analysis of the business opportunities in the E-government sector in Italy for finnish companies
Finnish high-tech industries and European integration; sectoral study. 2, The data processing equipment industry
Reaching the diversity of users' understandings : methodological renewal
Improving sales through digital signage : case: Suomalainen Kirjakauppa Kamppi
Characteristics of high technology marketing
Digital Optimism and the Case for Caution
Proceedings of the International Conference on Quality Management in Supply Chains of Ornamentals : QMSCO2012 : Bangkok, Thailand February 21-24, 2012
Textiles and the Medieval economy : production, trade, and consumption of textiles, 8th-16th Centuries
Information and communication technologies & competitiveness
Five stories on IT and Russian trade : a resource-based view to information resources management in Finland-based multinational conglomerates
In the footsteps of transition : the five decades of Oy Konttorityö 1938-1988
Successful interactive business : integration of strategy and IT
Sweden as a potential market for Mecanova Oy
Information technology in Asia : new development paradigms
Regulating financial services and markets in the twenty first century
Effects of IT in Marketing of Communication services : Case: Safaricom Kenya Ltd.
Drivers and barriers of mobile travel and tourism service adoption : a study of individual perceptions and business model development in a travel and tourism context
The oat crop : production and utilization
Book 2010 : development trends in the book trade - summary
Englantilainen kauppakirjeenvaihto : toinen kurssi = English commercial correspondence : advanced course
Business information systems : analysis, design and practice
Services 2020 : competences in the international service society : final report
Archaeologists and textile historians bring together 16 papers to investigate the production, trade and consumption of textiles in Scandinavia and across parts of northern and Mediterranean Europe throughout the medieval period. Archaeological evidence is used to demonstrate the existence or otherwise of international trade and to examine the physical characteristics of textiles and their distribution in order to understand who was producing, using and trading them and what they were being used for. Historical evidence, mainly textual, is employed to link textile names to places, numbers and prices and thus provide an appreciation of changing economics, patterns of distribution and the organisation of trade. Different types and qualities of cloths are discussed and the social implications of their production and import/export considered against a developing background of urbanism and increasing commercial wealth.
Potatoes postharvest
Branding unbound : the future of advertising, sales, and the brand experience in the wireless age
Acquisition and valuation of international high technology firms
Mass customization information systems in business
Open systems and standards for software product development
Mobile marketing : finding your customers no matter where they are
Biotechnology and international relations : the political dimensions
Proceedings of the IXth International Controlled Atmosphere Research Conference : East Lansing, MI, USA July 5-10, 2005
With two articles and summaries in English.
The study was carried out as an empirical research. The main aims of this thesis project are to develop a mobile application for Hiking Travel Hit LP and to develop literature framework for a non IT expert to get a basic idea of mobile application development. The thesis project was divided into two parts. The first part was the theoretical part whereby a qualitative approach was used and the practical part which was a customization of a Hiking Travel Hit LP web site and design of user interface. The author of this thesis adopted information technology knowledge ideology as the main theory to link tourism and ICT. The theoretical part introduces the reader to some important literature in ICT and basic concepts in mobile apps. A mobile conduit online tool was used to customize and design mobile applications for Hiking Travel Hit LP. The Hiking Travel Hit LP is a tour operator based in a Tampere region. The enterprise has been successful in its business for almost two decades now, offering different types of events, nature and rural and outdoor sports activities. The enterprise provides professional training and courses. In addition, Hiking Travel Hit LP manufactures canoes, kayaks, and outdoor sports equipment. The objectives of this study were achieved as planned, the mobile applications were successfully installed and uploaded to both android market and apple store iTunes, altogether two applications were created. The result of this thesis will be useful to all stakeholders in tourism and ICT.
The India phenomenom and Finland : backround study for Sitra ́s India programme
Strategic objectives in cross-border acquisitions on the Russian market : the case of a Finnish ICT company
Determinants of finnish high technology exports : an application of gravity model
Proceedings of the IVth International Symposium on Tropical and Subtropical Fruits : Bogor, Indonesia, November 3-7, 2008
Strategic marketing for the digital age
Financial Solutions : a magazine from TietoEnator
Biotechnology : economic and wider impacts
A study of factors affecting the perceived quality of an electronic grocery and shopping behaviour : the case of Ykköshalli Online Grocery Store
Agricultural biotechnology and transatlantic trade : regulatory barriers to GM crops
Critical issues in sales management : state-of-the-art and future research needs
International competitiveness and business strategies : medical imaging industry
Nanotechnology patents : the next technological revolution and the future of the patent system
The essential guide to wireless communications applications : from cellular systems to WAP and M-Commerce
E-Business in Nigeria:  A Study of the Challenges Confronting Customers
The thesis aims to reveal the strategic objectives of Finnish ICT company X in the cross-border acquisition of Y - a Russian ICT services provider. This study attempts to conclude a comprehensive pre-acquisition research and thereby contribute to the accomplishment of acquisition objectives. Why should company X acquire company Y? The author approaches this question from the acquirer's perspective and identifies X's major motives for entering in the M&A transaction. In the theoretical research the author reviews the existing literature on the topic and identifies the major taxonomies of acquisition drivers. The theoretical perspectives adopted by scholars to explain the phenomenon of corporate M&A are also examined and highlighted. Next, building on previously discussed theories, the author proposes his own model of feasibility conditions under which the various drivers for M&A transactions would operate. Finally, the model is employed for the case acquisition analysis. The empirical research is based upon the qualitative research method. In the course of interviews with X's management the author tests the proposed model of M&A motives in relation to the case transaction. This is followed by the discussion of the opportunities which make the acquisition of Y feasible, the emerging constraints, and the academic theories which best explain the case in point. The most important strategic objectives of X cross-border acquisition on the Russian market include a number of synergetic gains such as diversification, vertical integration benefits and operational synergies. Evidence has been found to support the connections between the case acquisition's motives and the efficiency theory of mergers.
Succesful business strategies using telecommunications services
Information activities, electronics and telecommunications technologies : impact on employment, growth and trade. Vol. 1 , 1981
Disentangling trade flows : firms, geography and technology
The environment in marketing communications of any business is constantly changing and developing. New technological advancements, globalization, the Internet and others communication channels open new paths for business marketers. Consumer marketing has many opportunities to reach audience via media for example. In business-to-business marketing the rules are quite different and noise surrounding the messaging is difficult to recognize and block. Company X provides industrial and municipal solutions in both domestic and global markets. There are varieties of communications strategies available which is why I saw this as an opportunity to learn about something that is very current and valuable for the company. Though the company has many successful strategies already existing, I wanted to come up with some new ideas. Web Medias are the trendiest channels in current business and knowledge on that are is quite narrow. This is why the main focus in this thesis surrounds the web environment. The future IMC implementations of Company X are also discussed. The literature review is collected from web sources that tend to be more up to date and books provided by local libratory and online archives. Also, a research case study was conducted in order to evaluate the current online visibility of the company.
Summary in English.
Managing business in a multi-channel world : success factors for E-business
EC '08 : proceedings of the 9th ACM Conference on Electronic Commerce, Chicago, IL, USA, July 8-12, 2008
E-commerce and the digital economy
Input-output : English with technical interests. 1
Offers a comprehensive examination of international potato production. This book discusses how potatoes are managed post harvest, the underlying science behind practices and the influences that can affect final quality. It also describes potato physiology, harvesting techniques and loading procedures as well as optimum storage conditions.
