http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11384 expeditions (groups)
expeditions (groups)
The expedition : a love story : solving the mystery of a polar tragedy
Race to the north pole
Cold : extreme adventures at the lowest temperatures on Earth
It’s the beginning of the 20th century and North Pole is yet to be conquered by man. Several teams are on the mission at once. The competition is harsh and the arctic is merciless. Which team will be the sole survivor and be remembered always as bold conquerors?
Shackleton's whisky : the extraordinary story of an heroic explorer and twenty-five cases of unique MacKinlay's Old Scotch
Measure of the Earth : the enlightenment expedition that reshaped our world
Area X : the Southern Reach trilogy
It was controversial explorer Vilhjalmur Stefansson who sent four young men and Ada Blackjack into the far North to colonize desolate, uninhabited Wrangel Island. Only two of the men had set foot in the Arctic before. They took with them six months' worth of supplies on Stefansson's theory that this would be enough to sustain them for a year while they lived off the land itself. But as winter set in, they were struck by hardship and tragedy. As months went by and they began to starve, they were forced to ration their few remaining provisions. When three of the men made a desperate attempt to seek help, Ada was left to care for the fourth, who was too sick to travel. Soon after, she found herself totally alone. Upon Ada's miraculous return after two years on the island, the international press heralded her as the female Robinson Crusoe. Journalists hunted her down, but she refused to talk to anyone about her harrowing experiences. Only on one occasion -- after being accused of a horrible crime she did not commit -- did she speak up for herself. All the while, she was tricked and exploited by those who should have been her champions. Jennifer Niven, author of The Ice Master, narrates this remarkable true story, taking full advantage of a wealth of primary sources, including Ada Blackjack's never-before-seen diaries, the unpublished journals of other major characters, and interviews with Ada's second son. Filled with exciting adventure and fascinating history -- as well as extraordinary photographs -- Ada Blackjack is a gripping and ultimately inspiring tale of a woman who survived a terrible time in the wild only to face a different but equally trying ordeal back in civilization.
Ada Blackjack : a true story of survival in the Arctic
Shackleton : Antarctic odyssey
The long earth
Endurance : Shackleton's incredible voyage
The seventy great journeys in history
For centuries British navigators dreamt of finding the Northwest Passage - the route over the top of North America that would open up the fabulous wealth of Asia to British merchants. We know now that, while several such passages exist, during the period of the search by sailing vessels they were choked by impassable ice. But this knowledge was slowly won, as expedition after expedition, under the most terrible conditions, slowly filled in their patchy and sometimes fatally misleading charts. "Arctic Labyrinth" tells this extraordinary story with great skill and brilliance. From the tiny, woefully equipped ships of the first Tudor expeditions to the icebreakers and nuclear submarines of the modern era, Glyn Williams describes how every form of ingenuity has been used to break through or try to get round the nightmarish ice barriers set in a maze of sterile islands. The heroism, folly and horror of these voyages seem almost unbelievable, with entire ships crushed, mass starvation, epics of endurance - and all in pursuit of a goal that ultimately proved futile. Williams' book is both an important work of exploration and naval history, and a remarkable study in human delusion and fortitude.
Authority
South with endurance : Shackleton's Antarctic expedition 1914-1917
The expedition : solving the mystery of a polar tragedy
The drowned world
"In the early eighteenth century, at the peak of the Enlightenment, an unlikely team of European scientists and naval officers set out on the world's first international, cooperative scientific expedition. Intent on making precise astronomical measurements at the Equator, they were poised to resolve one of mankind's oldest mysteries: the true shape of the Earth. In Measure of the Earth, award-winning science writer Larrie D. Ferreiro tells the full story of the Geodesic Mission to the Equator for the very first time. It was an age when Europe was torn between two competing conceptions of the world: the followers of Rene Descartes argued that the Earth was elongated at the poles, even as Isaac Newton contended that it was flattened. A nation that could accurately determine the planet's shape could securely navigate its oceans, giving it great military and imperial advantages. Recognizing this, France and Spain organized a joint expedition to colonial Peru, Spain's wealthiest kingdom. Armed with the most advanced surveying and astronomical equipment, they would measure a degree of latitude at the Equator, which when compared with other measurements would reveal the shape of the world. But what seemed to be a straightforward scientific exercise was almost immediately marred by a series of unforeseen catastrophes, as the voyagers found their mission threatened by treacherous terrain, a deeply suspicious populace, and their own hubris. A thrilling tale of adventure, political history, and scientific discovery, Measure of the Earth recounts the greatest scientific expedition of the Enlightenment through the eyes of the men who completed it--pioneers who overcame tremendous adversity to traverse the towering Andes Mountains in order to discern the Earth's shape. In the process they also opened the eyes of Europe to the richness of South America and paved the way for scientific cooperation on a global scale".
The paper road : archive and experience in the botanical exploration of West China and Tibet
South : the story of Shackleton's 1914-1917 expedition
Earth girl
A first rate tragedy : captain Scott's antarctic expeditions
The heart of the great alone : Scott, Shackleton and Antarctic photography
Revelation space
The Spanish Near Eastern adventure (1166 - 2006) : travellers, museums and scholars in the history of the rediscovering of the Ancient Near East
The great American plunder of Persia's antiquities, 1925-1941
Genghis Khan : conqueror of the world
Shackleton's last voyage
Cold : extreme adventures at the lowest temperatures on earth
Thor Heyerdahl : the explorer
The dinosaur project
The drought
I am just going outside : Captain Oates - Antarctic tragedy
Last place on earth : Scott vs. Amundsen
Shackleton : By Endurance We Conquer
Archaeological expeditions in Mongolia
Great Norwegian expeditions
Wanting
National Geographic Expeditions Atlas
Cambridge and the Torres Strait : centenary essays on the 1898 anthropological expedition
Ultima Thule : Arctic explorations
The expeditions of the first international polar year, 1882-83
The ice master : the doomed 1913 voyage of the Karluk
The shortest and most convenient route : Lewis and Clark in context
"This book tells the story of an international scientific expedition during the European Enlightenment to measure the length of a degree of latitude at the equator, and to thereby determine the exact shape of the earth. The leaderships in France and her ally Spain put together an expedition to travel to the equator and measure a degree of latitude there; compared with the degree already measured in Paris, this new measurement would yield the exact shape of the earth. The Geodesic Mission to the Equator departed for colonial Peru (modern-day Ecuador) in 1735, with a motley team that included three French scientists, two Spanish naval officers and their assistants. When the expedition finally returned almost ten years later--battered by even more unexpected hardships and self-inflicted tragedies--all of Europe was waiting with bated breath. Using their measurements, the scientists successfully revealed the true figure of the Earth: a slightly flattened sphere, a conclusion that vindicated Newton's followers".
Arctic labyrinth : the quest for the Northwest Passage
C. G. Mannerheimin valokuvia Aasian matkalta 1906-1908 = Photographs by C. G. Mannerheim from his journey across Asia 1906-1908
An archaeological reconnaissance trip to the Karelian Isthmus : excursion diary 28 Septempber-2 October 1998.
Forgotten footprints : lost stories in the discovery of Antarctica
The Long earth
Explorers of the new century
