http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11342 Samoyeds
Samoyeds
Abstract.
Preuralic *elä- in Samoyedic ethnos
Typology of affirmative and negative non-verbal  predicates in the Ugric and Samoyedic languages
Some Samoyed-Tunguz word comparisons
Samoyeds
Uralic nations of Russia : historic development and present condition
Commentationes Fenno-Ugricae in honorem Paavo Ravila
Popular beliefs and folklore tradition in Siberia
Self-government of Northern indigenous : ecological aspect
The Uralic languages
New and old Samoyed etymologies. 2.
Nyenei nyenyanggi' sho" = Songs of the real Nenyang : songs of the Yenisey Nenets performed by Lyubov' Prokop'yevna Nenyang-Komarova
Kai Donner : linguist, ethnographer, photographer
The musical traditions of the northern peoples of Siberia
The Samoyed
Evaluating parameters of structural analysis in indigenous Siperian singing
Tundra and taiga
Note transcriptions of Nenets songs in A. O. Väisänen's "Samojedische Melodien"
On the typology of negation in Ob-Ugric and Samoyedic languages
The language of the first Selkup books
Some aspects of Nganasan dance music
"The world becomes a song" : analysis of melody and text line structures in the Nenets song
Ethnographical card of Turanians (Uralo-Altaians)
Notes on the physical anthropology of the Ostyak-Samoyeds : based upon data collected by Kai Donner
Liber semisaecularis Societatis fenno-ugricae
Geographical distribution of the Uralic Languages
The genres of the Nenets songs
A grammar of tundra nenets
Main language shifts in the Uralic language group
The Samoyed peoples and languages
Among the Samoyed in Siberia
Nenèj vadi" tènz" padar" = A morphological dictionary of Tundra Nenets
The counterfactive mood in Forest Enets and its origin
Functioning of possessive in Samoyed languages
Geographical distribution of the Uralic languages
Materials on Forest Enets, an indigenous language of northern Siberia
The Finno-Ugric republics and the Russian State
Minorities at risk. Part 1, Northwest Siberia
Perceptions of worldviews
On correspondences in the traditional spiritual cultures of the Samoyed peoples and the Lapps
Music transcriptions in Z. N. Kupriyanova's collection of Nenets epic songs
Collective tradition meets individual creation: modern Nenets songs
Shamanism in Siberia : selected reprints
Texts of Nenets songs in A. O. Väisänen's "Samojedische Melodien"
Comparative grammar of the Uralic languages
Folk beliefs and shamanistic traditions in Siberia
Ethnological reality : Kai Donner and material culture
New and old samoyed etymologies : Part 2.
The relations of Samoyed languages to the neighbouring languages
Samoyedic studies : a state-of-the-art report
Shamans and spirits : Kai Donner and northern ethnography
Samoyed phonemic system
Geographical distribution of the uralic languages
The linguist in the field : Kai Donner's collections from Siberian languages
Selkup texts with phonetic introduction and vocabulary
A glance to the borderland of music
Shamanhood : symbolism and epic
Proto-Lappish and Samoyed
The Barents region
The new complete Samoyed
A handbook of the Uralic languages. 1, Fenno-Ugric vocabulary : an etymological dictionary of the Uralic languages
Guileless indigenes and hidden passion : descriptions of Ob-Ugrians and Samoyeds through the centuries
The formation of abstract nouns in the Uralic languages
The nenets people
Costumes of the Siberian peoples - practicality and luxury
Consonant discontinuation in Samoyedic synchronic and diachronic morphophonology
Dream songs of the Forest Nenets
The Nenets songs : a structural analysis of text and melody
Network of songs : individual songs of the Ob' Gulf Nenets : music and local history as sung by Maria Maksimovna Lapsui
Survey of the Uralic languages
Who was A. Sprogis?
Commentationes Fenno-Ugricae in honorem Y.H. Toivonen
Northern peoples, southern states : maintaining ethnicities in the circumpolar world ; edited by Robert P. Wheelersburg
Transcriptions of Nenets songs in A. O. Väisänen's "Samojedische Melodien" re-evaluated
Some remarks on Uralic numerals
From west to east : Kai Donner's international connections
A musical analysis of Selkup shamanic songs
Verb conjugation in Tundra Nenets
Eesti kunstiakadeemia kakskümmend soome-ugri uurimisreisi = Estonian Academy of Arts twenty expeditions to the Finno-Ugrians
The scientist and the camera : Kai Donner as a photographer
Medical care of the indigenous peoples in the Lovozero county
Samoyedic
Keelekontaktidest keelevahetuseni = From language contacts to language shifts
Siberia : life on the taiga and tundra
