http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11348 classical archaeology
classical archaeology
Ancient Naukratis : excavations at a Greek Emporium in Egypt. Part 1, The excavations at Kom Ge'if
Fiesole archeologica = Archeology in Fiesole
Roman Roads in Britain
An Iron Age and Roman Republican settlement on Botromagno, Gravina di Puglia : excavations of 1965-1974. Vol. 1, The Site
Constructing Messapian landscapes : settlement dynamics, social organization and culture contact in the margins of Graeco-Roman Italy
Mycenae : an archaelogical history and guide
The dream of Troy
Studies in the Byzantine monetary economy c. 300-1450
The seven wonders of the world : a history of the modern imagination
Santorini : a guide to the island and its archaeological treasures
The Aeolic style in architecture : a survey of its development in Palestine, the Halikarnassos Peninsula, and Greece, 1000-500 B.C
Roman landscapes : archaeological survey in the Mediterranean region
Theoretical Roman archaeology : second conference proceedings
Caeculus : papers of Mediterranean archaeology
Textile-making implements from Ficana zone 4a (Italy)
The Annales school and archaeology
A short history of archaeology
The road had its own history... : 26. September 1999 - 30 June 2002.
Corpus vasorum antiquorum. Sweden
Folly Lane, Verulamium
Aaron in religious literature, myth and legend
This beautifully illustrated book offers an overview of the greatest archaeological sites and discoveries from ancient Greece. The contributors - a veritable who's of the most venerable names in Greek archaeology - include both those who have excavated at the sites in question and scholars who have spent a lifetime studying the monuments about which they write. Presented here are the legendary sites of ancient Greece, including the Athenian Acropolis, Olympia, Delphi, Schliemann's Mycenae, and the Athenian Agora: the most iconic sculptures in the Greek world, such as the Aphrodite of Melos and the Nike of Samothrace; and several fascinating chapters on underwater archaeology that discuss the Kyrenia and Uluburun shipwrecks and the astonishing bronze msterpieces raised from the sea. This is the first book to bring together the archaeological legacy of ancient Greece in a concise and accessible way while still preserving the exitement of discovery.
In the heart of Pompeii - Archaeological studies in the Casa di Marco Lucrezio (IX, 3, 5.24)
Ancient Umbria : state, culture, and identity in central Italy from the Iron Age to the Augustan era
Samothrace : excavations conducted by the Institute of Fine Arts of New York University. 2:1, The inscriptions on stone
Glass of the Roman world' illustrates the arrival of new cultural systems, mechanisms of trade and an expanded economic base in the early 1st millennium AD which, in combination, allowed the further development of the existing glass industry. Glass became something which encompassed more than simply a novel and highly decorative material. Glass production grew and its consumption increased until it was assimilated into all levels of society, used for display and luxury items but equally for utilitarian containers, windows and even tools. 0These 18 papers by renowned international scholars include studies of glass from Europe and the Near East. The authors write on a variety of topics where their work is at the forefront of new approaches to the subject. They both extend and consolidate aspects of our understanding of how glass was produced, traded and used throughout the Empire and the wider world drawing on chronology, typology, patterns of distribution, and other methodologies, including the incorporation of new scientific methods. Though focusing on a single material the papers are firmly based in its archaeological context in the wider economy of the Roman world, and consider glass as part of a complex material culture controlled by the expansion and contraction of the Empire. The volume is presented in honour of Jenny Price, a foremost scholar of Roman glass.
Medelhavsmuseet = Museum of Mediterranean and Near Eastern antiquities
The Nelson and Helen Glueck collection of Cypriot antiquities, Cincinnati
The archaeology of Ancient Greece
Red lustrous wheel-made ware
Roman Germany : studies in cultural interaction
Romans in Northern Campania : settlement and land-use around the Massico and the Garigliano basin
Archaeological reports
Oxford journal of archaeology
A history of Rome
Olive oil processing in Cyprus from the Bronze Age to the Byzantine period
Mount Nebo
The world of the Scythians
Excavations at Fishbourne 1961-1969
The red-line painter and the workshop of the Acheloos painter
Fourth century B.C. Magna Graecia : a case study
Athenian agora
Locus Bonus : the relationship of the Roman Villa to its environment in the vicinity of Rome
Roman Britain. Ian Richmond
The grotto of Tiberius and the National Archaeological Museum, Sperlonga
Jebel Bishri in context : introduction to the archaeological studies and the neighbourhood of Jebel Bishri in central Syria : Proceedings of a Nordic research training seminar in Syria, May 2004
The pottery from Petra : a neutron activation analysis study
A Roman frontier post and its people : the fort of Newstead in the Parish of Melrose
Annual report of the managing committee for the session ..
Building in Cyclopean mansory : with special reference to the Mycenaeai fortifications on mainland Greece
Time, tradition and society in Greek archaeology : bridging the 'great divide'
Introduction
Pictorial dictionary of ancient Rome. Volume 2
Town and country in Roman Britain
Annual of the British school at Athens
Guide to the Archaeological Museum of Heraclion
Archaiologia on Archaic Greek body armour
Glass of the Roman world
Minerals, metals, glazing & man, or, Who was Sesostris I?
Town and country : the archaeology of Verulamium and the Roman Chilterns
Verulamium : a Belgic and two Roman cities
The Greek-Swedish excavations at the Agia Aikaterini Square Kastelli, Khania 1970-1987 : results of the excavations under the direction of Yannis Tzedakis and Carl-Gustaf Syrenius. Vol. 1:2, From the geometric to the modern Greek period : plates
An encyclopedia of the history of classical archaeology. Vol. 2, L-Z
From Artemis to Diana : the goddess of man and beast
Samothrace : excavations conducted by the Institute of Fine Arts of New York University. Vol. 11, The Nekropoleis : the Nekropoleis and catalogues of Burials, catalogues of objects by categories
Great moments in Greek archaeology
A cereal find from old Etruria
The archaeology of Roman Britain
Pictorial dictionary of ancient Rome. Volume 1
Malstria - Malena : metals and motifs in Etruscan mirror craft
Inscriptions: the degrees
Early pottery in Greece : a technological and functional analysis of the evidence from Neolithic Achilleion Thessaly
Pompeii 2000 years ago
Recent Danish research in classical archaeology : tradition and renewal
An encyclopedia of the history of classical archaeology. Vol. 1, A-K
The Roman city of London
A guide to the Department of Greek and Roman Antiquities in the British Museum
Continuity of the Romanian people's material and spiritual production in the territory of former Dacia
Macedonians : the Northern Greeks and the era of Alexander the Great
Pompeii and Herculaneum : the glory and the grief
Togaed people
Ancient Sicily
The tomb of Unisankh at Saqqara and Chicago : Unis Cemetery north-west II
Roman cemeteries of Aquincum, Pannonia : the western cemetery (Bécsi road) I
An atlas of Roman Britain
Greece : atlas of Greece, street atlas of Athens, and 94 maps and plans
The archaeology of society in the Holy Land
Jesus and his world : an archaeological and cultural dictionary
Museum of Anatolian civilizations
An Iron Age and Roman Republican settlement on Botromagno, Gravina di Puglia : excavations of 1965-1974. Vol. 2, The Artifacts
Glass finds and glassmaking in Mycenaean Greece : an archaeological study
