http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11310 behavioural psychology
behavioural psychology
Moral tribes : emotion, reason, and the gap between us and them
Behavior influence and personality : The social martrix of human action
50 great myths of popular psychology : shattering widespread misconceptions about human behavior
The role of speech in the regulation of normal and abnormal behaviour
Advances in Positive Organizational Psychology
Mistakes were made (but not by me) : why we justify foolish beliefs, bad decisions, and hurtful acts
Behavior modification in applied settings
Messy : how to be creative and resilient in a tidy-minded world
Essentials of behavior
Methods in behavioral research
Interpersonal communication and psychology for health care professionals : theory and practice
Behavioral assessment : recent advances in methods, concepts, and applications
Expertise and decision making among clinicians in investigations of alleged child sexual abuse
Measurements of human behavior
Action systems : an introduction to the analysis of complex behaviour
Organizational behavior
Explanation in the behavioural sciences : [confrontations]
For undergraduate courses in cost-benefit analysis. A practical introduction to cost-benefit analysis through problem solving. This authoritative, market-leading text is known for its consistent application of a nine-step framework for conducting or interpreting a cost-benefit analysis. This edition includes a number of chapters that have been revised and reorganized to make the material clearer and more accessible.
Elephant in the room : how relationships make or break the success of leaders and organizations
Behavioralizing finance
Beyond freedom and dignity
Quirkology : the curious science of everyday lives
Human behavior and the principle of least effort : an introduction to human ecology
The intelligent imitator : towards an exemplar theory of behavioral choice
Cognitive behavioural coaching techniques for dummies
Complex interpersonal conflict behaviour : theoretical frontiers
Essays on financial economics : animal spirits in financial markets
Life coaching : a cognitive-behavioural approach
Danger : our quest for excitement
The physiological mechanisms of motivation
Discovery and management of child allergy from the parent perspective
Pre-school to school : a behavioural study
Perspectives on behavioral self-regulation
Health Economics and Outcome Studies on Type 2 Diabetes Education and Screening in a Chinese Population
European journal of behavior analysis
Behavioral decision theory : a new approach
Bundling for consumers? : understanding complementarity and its effect on consumers' preferences and satisfaction
Consumer culture, identity and well-being : the search for the "good life" and the "body perfect"
A developmental study of the behavior problems of normal children between twenty-one months and fourteen years
Animals and men : studies in comparative psychology
The organization of behavior : a neuropsychological theory
Behaviour analysis in educational psychology
Differential psychology : individual and group differences in behavior
Long considered the standard for all organizational behavior textbooks, this text provides the research you want, in the language your students understand. This text continues its tradition of making current, relevant research come alive for students. This edition has been thoroughly updated to reflect the most current recent research for Organizational Behavior, while maintaining its hallmark features -clear writing style, cutting-edge content, and engaging pedagogy. This text is commited to provide the kind of engaging, cutting-edge material that helps students understand and connect with organizational behavior.
Four determinants of perceived aggression and a four-step attribution model
Peer groups and children's development
To sell is human : the surprising truth about moving others
Determinants of implementation intentions
A handbook of behavior modification for the classroom
Personal causation : the internal affective determinants of behavior
Human behavior genetics
Cesar's rules : your way to train a well-behaved dog
Psychological economics
The analysis of behavior : a program for selfinstruction
Traffic : why we drive the way we do (and what it says about us)
The psychology of human growth and development
Human nature and conduct : an introduction to social psychology
Focus on behavioral psychology
Semantic autonomic conditioning : an example of a specifically human form of autonomic response modification
Psychology & communication
Abnormal psychology
Psychology : the science of mind and behaviour
Finding solutions to social problems : behavioral strategies for change
Neuroeconomics : decision making and the brain
Pupil-related psychosocial factors, school setting, and teacher sick leave : a collaborative data study
European psychologists for peace : proceedings of the Congress of European Psychologists for Peace, Helsinki, August 8-10, 1986.
The role of planning for intention-behavior consistency
The gap : the science of what separates us from other animals
Evolution and modification of behavior
Year of yes : how to dance it out, stand in the sun and be your own person
"Peer Groups and Children's Development" considers the experiences of school aged children with their peer groups and its implications for their social, personal and intellectual development. This book: focuses on the peer group experiences of children attending school in Western societies, from five years of age through to adolescence; considers peer groups in classrooms, friendships made within and outside of school, and the groups that children participate in for extra curricular activities; and, includes a final summary which brings together the significant implications for theory, policy and practice. This book is unique in that no other volume reviews and integrates literature relating to peer groups in both classroom and out of class settings. It addresses the research interests of psychologists and educationalists, as well as the practical concerns of teachers, parents, counselors, and policy makers.
Encyclopedia of behavioral neuroscience
Influencing human behavior
Influence : the psychology of persuasion
Observing and recording the behavior of young children
Encyclopedia of Adolescence
Biobehavioral aspects of aggression
Behavioral analysis and measurement methods
The power of habit : why we do what we do in life and business
Behavior analysis and psychology : models, causes and consciousness
Purposive behavior in animals and men
Group psychology and the analysis of the ego
Complex human behavior : a systematic extension of learning principles
Change the way you eat : the psychology of food
Personal causation : an internal affective determinants of behavior
Plans and the structure of behavior
Nonaggressive patterns of coping with thwarting situations as alternatives to aggression
Hypocrisy : don't leave home without it
A member of the family : Cesar Millan's guide to a lifetime of fulfillment with your dog
Goal directed behavior : the concept of action in psychology
The psychology of risk taking behavior
Executive coach and psychologist Marshall Goldsmith discusses the emotional triggers that set off a reaction or a behavior in us that often works to our detriment. Do you find that at times you suddenly become defensive or enraged by an idle comment from a colleague? Or that your temper rises when another car cuts you off in traffic? Your reactions don't occur in a vacuum. They are the result of emotional and psychological triggers that often happen only in specific settings -- at meetings, or in competitive situations, or with a specific person who rubs you the wrong way, or when you feel under particular pressure. Being able to recognize those triggers and understand how the environment affects our behavior is key to controlling our responses and managing others at work and in life. Make no mistake -- change is hard. And the starting point is the willingness to accept help, and the desire to change. Over the course of this book, Marshall explores the power of active questions to get us to take responsibility for our actions -- and our failure to act. Questions such as "Did I do my best to make progress toward my goal?" "Did I work hard at being fully engaged?" He discusses the importance of structure in effecting permanent change. Because, he points out, change is hard, and without a structure to keep us on track, we inevitably relapse and fall back. Filled with stories from Marshall's work with executives and leaders, Triggers shows readers how to achieve meaningful and sustained change that will allow us to open our imaginations and escape the rigidity of binary thinking.
From ought to is : moral norms in large-scale social dilemmas
Behaviour analysis in theory and practice : contributions and controversies
Biological substrates of human sexuality
Consumer decision making in a complex environment : examining the decision making process of socially responsible mutual fund investors
Autonomic conditioning : an example of a specifically human form of autonomic response modifiacation
Hardwiring happiness : the new brain science of contentment, calm, and confidence
The meaning of behaviour
Child behavior and development
Structural equation modeling of determinants of implementation intentions
The effects of psychological therapy
Invisible influence : the hidden forces that shape behavior
The confidence game : why we fall for it ... every time
Human behavior and environment : advances in theory and research. Volume 4, Environment and culture
Principles of behavior change : understanding behavior modification techniques
SELF-HELP & PERSONAL DEVELOPMENT. The urge to tidiness seems to be rooted deep in the human psyche. Many of us feel threatened by anything that is vague, unplanned, scattered around or hard to describe. We find comfort in having a script to rely on, a system to follow, in being able to categorise and file away. We all benefit from tidy organisation - up to a point. A large library needs a reference system. Global trade needs the shipping container. Scientific collaboration needs measurement units. But the forces of tidiness have marched too far. Corporate middle managers and government bureaucrats have long tended to insist that everything must have a label, a number and a logical place in a logical system. Now that they are armed with computers and serial numbers, there is little to hold this tidy-mindedness in check. It's even spilling into our personal lives, as we corral our children into sanitised play areas or entrust our quest for love to the soulless algorithms of dating websites.
On the self-regulation of behavior
Behavioral neuroscientists study the behavior of animals and humans and the neurobiological and physiological processes that control it. Behavior is the ultimate function of the nervous system, and the study of it is very multidisciplinary. Disorders of behavior in humans touch millions of people's lives significantly, and it is of paramount importance to understand pathological conditions such as addictions, anxiety, depression, schizophrenia, autism among others, in order to be able to develop new treatment possibilities.
Self-control as a prerequisite for constructive behaviour
Evolution and modification of behaviour
Evolution and behaviour
Adaptation-level theory : an experimental and systematic approach to behavior
Handbook of organizational behavior
Individual choice behavior : a theoretical analysis
Product meaning, affective use evaluation, and transfer : a preliminary study
Socioemotional development and health from adolescence to adulthood
Early experience and the organization of behavior
Adaptive dynamics : the theoretical analysis of behavior
Behavioral psychology for teachers
Principles of behavior : an introduction to behavior theory
Developmental behavior : a humanistic approach
The art of seduction
The behavior analyst
Human aggression
Motivation and action
Interpersonal dynamics : essays and readings on human interaction
Getting in Ttouch with your dog : how to influence behaviour, health, and performance
Psychological resources, their social antecedents, and association with well-being and health behaviour in early adulthood
Motivation : theories and principles
Environment and behavior : a dynamic perspective
A general theory of emotions and social life
Differences in selling B2B and B2C markets : sales psychology and customer experience
Human action and its psychological investigation
Child behaviour
Discursive matrixes of motherhood : cultivating decency and emotion in Finnish and French mother-talk
Triggers : sparking positive change and making it last
