http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11325 deinking
deinking
Measurement, nature and removal of stickies in deinked pulp
Fouling, prevention of fouling and cleaning in filtration
Abstract.
Papermaking science and technology. : Book 10. Papermaking : part 3, finishing
12. PTS-CTP -Deinking Symposium 2006 : Vortragsband = 12th PTS CTP Deinking Symposium 2006 : proceedings
Deinking : a litterature review
Towards simplified deinking systems:a study of the effects of ageing, pre-wetting and alternative pulping strategy on ink behaviour in pulping
Biological and chemical characterisation of an effluent from production of deinked pulp and tissue
Shottonin Feeniks kierrättää tuhkatkin pesästä : Shotton's biofuel-fired power plant even recycles the incinerator ashes
Paper recycling in an increasingly environmentally conscious world is gaining importance. Increased recycling activities are being driven by robust overseas markets as well as domestic demand. Recycled fibers play a very important role today in the global paper industry as a substitute for virgin pulps. Paper recovery rates continue to increase year after year Recycling technologies have been improved in recent years by advances in pulping, flotation deinking and cleaning/screening, resulting in the quality of paper made from secondary fibres approaching that of virgin paper. The process is a lot more eco-friendly than the virgin-papermaking process, using less energy and natural resources, produce less solid waste and fewer atmospheric emissions, and helps to preserve natural resources and landfill space. Currently more than half of the paper is produced from recovered papers. Most of them are used to produce brown grades paper and board but for the last two decades, there is a substantial increase in the use of recovered papers to produce, through deinking, white grades such as newsprint, tissue, market pulp. By using recycled paper, companies can take a significant step toward reducing their overall environmental impacts. This study deals with the scientific and technical advances in recycling and deinking including new developments. It covers in great depth all the aspects of recycling technologies. It covers the latest science and technology in recycling. It provides up-to-date, authoritative information and cites many mills experiences and pertinent research. It includes the use of biotech methods for deinking, refining and improving drainage.
Sulfur transformations in catalytic hot-gas cleaning of gasification gas
Increasing the diesel oil/gasoline ratio of oil refinery products
Detrimental lipophilic components in deinking lines
Paper recycling : strategies, economics and technology
Papermaking science and technology. Book 7, Recycled fiber and deinking
Installation of a deinking plant to increase paper machine production : financial analysis and final report
Improvement of resource efficiency in deinked pulp mill
Purification of laboratory chemicals
Recycling and deinking of recovered paper
Papermaking science and technology. Book 17, Pulp and paper testing
Consolidation and rheology at high solids content
Utilisation of tube flow fractionation in fibre and particle analysis
Papermaking science and technology. Book 7, Recycled fibre and deinking
Handbook of pulp
Surface chemistry of fibres and vessel elements in chemical and recycled pulps
Papermaking science and technology. Book 5, Mechanical pulping
Paper recycling challenge. 3, Process technology
Towards simplified deinking systems : a study of the effects of ageing, pre-wetting and alternative pulping strategy on ink behaviour in pulping
On the analysis of ink content in recycled pulps
Advances in paper recycling : new technology and marketing trends
