http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1148 comics
comics
Destiny : A Chronicle of Deaths Foretold
The 7th Garfield treasury
Uncle Scrooge adventures. 20, City of golden roofs. September schrimmage
March. Book 1
Fight club. 2, The tranquility gambit
In the kitchen with Alain Passard : inside the world (and mind) of a master chef
Empire State : A Love Story (or Not)
Walt Disney's Bambi
Scott Pilgrim's finest hour
Baltimore. Volume two : The curse bells
Naruto. Shikamaru's story : cloud drifting in the silent dark
Hägar the horrible
Neil Gaiman's midnight days
Shakespeare's Macbeth : the manga edition
Scott Pilgrim vs. the universe
Relating with the other in naturecultures : ethics and well-being in Elfquest comics
HEIR TO THE EMPIRE
Puutarhassa = In the garden
Bighead
Bat lash : guns and roses
DC Comics covergirls
My name is Wood
Alex Graham's Fred Basset 2000
The prisoner of Zenda
Sleepwalk : and other stories
Two stories. Arrival
Sci-Spy Complete Series
Snoopy Stars as the great pretender
The view from the cheap seats : a collection of introductions, essays, and assorted writings
The league of extraordinary gentlemen. Volume III, book 1, Century : 1910
Scott Pilgrim gets it together
Packed with fun facts, bizarre-but-true tales, and quirky insights into everyone's favorite Marvel comic characters, including The Avengers, Spider-Man, and Daredevil. Little-known facts and information about the iconic Marvel characters.
The books of magic girl in the box
Eternal : Zachary's story
Two stories. Departure
The burning girl
Manga for Dummies
House of mystery 1 : Room & Boredom
Assassin's creed. Templars. [Book 1]
Romeo and Juliet
B.P.R.D. : Hell on Earth. [13] : end of days
Odd is on our side
Peanuts. Volume two
Dilbert 2.0 : the early years 1989-1993
The griff : a graphic novel
Wormwood 1 : Gentleman corpse : Birds, bees, blood & beer
The wake
A frame of you : construction of characters in graphic novels
Star wars : heir to the Empire
Bart Simpson : Blastoff
It`s a magical world
Family business
Thunder & steel : an omnibus of Warhammer novels
Batman : the Dark Knight returns
Alec : the years have pants
Calvin and Hobbes : sunday pages 1985 - 1995. An Exhibition Catalogue
Uncle Scrooge adventures. 11, The Great Steamboat Race ; Not So Ripping Yarns ; Riches, Riches, Everywhere!
Batgirl 1 : Darkest Reflection
Canine capers
Uncle Scrooge adventures. 9, The Lemming with the locket ; One billion of something ; The Tuckered tiger
Scott Pilgrim's precious little life
Mateki : the magic flute
Marvel : absolutely everything you need to know... / written by Adam Bray, Lorraine Cink, John Sazaklis, Sven Wilson
Naruto. Kakashi's story : lightning in the frozen sky
Disney's Pocahontas
The unconventional teacher and his peers : analyzing the educational ideologies of the teachers in Tohru Fujisawa's Great Teacher Onizuka manga
Mouse guard roleplaying game : second edition
Attack on Titan : lost girls
The adventures of tintin : 3 complete adventures in 1 volume : red rackham's treasure ; the seven crystal balls ; prisoners of the sun
The avengers : Ultron forever
Young Liars 1 : Daydream believer
Witchcraft
Draw action : 250 ways to get movement into your drawings
The ticking
Grimm Fairy Tales : different seasons
Nowhere men. Volume 1, Fates worse than death
Tintin in America
Baltimore. Volume 5 : The apostle and the witch or Harju
Beavis and Butt-head : holidazed and confused
Helsinki : näkymiä kaupungista = visions d'une ville = views of a city
All-new X-men. Vol. 5: One down
Bizenghast. Issue 8
Young Liars 2 : Maestro
White death
The Iliad and the Odyssey
Wolverine and the X-men. Vol. 2: Death of Wolverine
The art of pho
Food for thought : consumer culture ideology in Regular Show
Fablewood : anthology
The good, the bad and the ugly
Anniversary treasury
The war of the worlds
Uncle Scrooge adventures. 21, The mysterious stone ray ; Fragments from the past ; A campaign of note
Star wars : a new hope
Diary of a wimpy kid. 8, Hard luck
Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet : the manga edition
Snoopy Stars as the legal beagle
Garfield's guide to behaving badly
Scott Pilgrim vs. the world
Raven's gate : the graphic novel
Rethinking webcomics : webcomics as a screen based medium
The seven crystal balls
Pointless Suffering no 1
Sandman (the) : Preludes & nocturnes
Patricia Briggs' Mercy Thompson : Moon called volume one
Twilight and history
Mort : a Discworld big comic
Clumsy : a novel
The Aristocats
Batman vs. superman : the greatest battles
The Art of Comics is the first-ever collection of essays published in English devoted to the philosophical topics raised by comics and graphic novels. In an area of growing philosophical interest, this volume constitutes a great leap forward in the development of this fast expanding field, and makes a powerful contribution to the philosophy of art. * The first-ever anthology to address the philosophical issues raised by the art of comics* Provides an extensive and thorough introduction to the field, and to comics more generally* Responds to the increasing philosophical interest in comic art * Includes a preface by the renowned comics author Warren Ellis* Many of the chapters are illustrated, and the book carries a stunning cover by the rising young comics star David Heatley.
Beavis and Butthead : holidazed and confused
The strange case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
House of mystery 3 : Space between
The art of comics : a philosophical approach
Young Liars 3 : Rock life
The last command
The itty bitty knitty committee : an argyle sweater collection
The Bojeffries saga
"An enthralling collection of nonfiction essays on a myriad of topics--from art and artists to dreams, myths, and memories--observed in #1 New York Times bestselling author Neil Gaiman's probing, amusing, and distinctive style. An inquisitive observer, thoughtful commentator, and assiduous craftsman, Neil Gaiman has long been celebrated for the sharp intellect and startling imagination that informs his bestselling fiction. Now, The View from the Cheap Seats brings together for the first time ever more than sixty pieces of his outstanding nonfiction. Analytical yet playful, erudite yet accessible, this cornucopia explores a broad range of interests and topics, including (but not limited to): authors past and present; music; storytelling; comics; bookshops; travel; fairy tales; America; inspiration; libraries; ghosts; and the title piece, at turns touching and self-deprecating, which recounts the author's experiences at the 2010 Academy Awards in Hollywood. Insightful, incisive, witty, and wise, The View from the Cheap Seats explores the issues and subjects that matter most to Neil Gaiman--offering a glimpse into the head and heart of one of the most acclaimed, beloved, and influential artists of our time"--
The caped crusade : Batman and the rise of nerd culture
The shooting star
Snoopy Stars as the fearless leader
Batman : The killing joke
A Frame of you : characters in graphic novels
Rocket girl. Volume 1, Times squared
Bruges and Damme through comic strips : a journey of discovery
Visual Identity, Stylization and Game Design. Case: Harald Hirmuinen
The secret of the unicorn
The league of extraordinary gentlemen. Volume III, book 2, Century : 1910
Krisis of the krimson kryptonite
George R. R. Matin's Wild Cards : hard call
Every girl is the end of the world for me : December 26 2003-January 15 2004
Death : the time of your life
Strange Science Fantasy
House of Odd
Possibilities of comics as innovation tools
The visual narrative reader
Patricia Briggs' Mercy Thompson : Moon Called volume 2.
Uncle Scrooge adventures. 12, The Golden Fleecing ; Trick or Treat in Larkie Land
The effect of film on destination image and tourists' destination selection
From the trailblazing Wonder Woman of the 1940s to edgy, girl-power-driven comics series like Birds of Prey, DC Comics Covergirls takes a look at the female characters of DC Comics throughout the company's history, and features many of DC Comics' iconic comic book covers. Written by comic book writer Louise Simonson, the book examines the evolution of the comic book women of DC Comics: the 1942 introduction of the most famous DC heroine, Wonder Woman, and her various incarnations up to the present; the creation of comic book spin-offs based on characters such as Lois Lane; and the recent wealth of fierce, female character-driven comics such as Supergirl, Birds of Prey, Batgirl, and Catwoman, featuring women who have no trouble being both sexy and strong-willed. Famous featured DC Comics artists include Jim Lee, Alex Ross, Adam Hughes, J. Scott Campbell, Michael Turner, Tim Sale, and Jill Thompson.
Uncanny X-men 3 : [The good, the bad, the inhuman]
Manga for dummies
Critical approaches to comics : theories and methods
Asterix and the Banquet
The red sea sharks
Elric of Melniboné
Transformations
Naruto. Itachi's Story : [Daylight]
Uncle Scrooge adventures. 8, The mysterious stone ray ; Fragments from the past ; A campaign of note
The insider's guide to creating comics and graphic novels
Captain Underpants and the preposterous plight of the purple potty people : the eighth epic novel
Three Fingers
Places of the imagination : media, tourism, culture
Explorers on the moon
Wordplay in Donald Duck comics and their Finnish translations
Scott Pilgrim and the infinite sadness
Dilbert 2.0 : the boom years 1994-1997
The diamond boomerang
Asterix and Caesar's gift
Wonder Woman 4. Volume four
The big book of hell
Shakespeare's Hamlet : the manga edition
Uncle Scrooge adventures. 10, The fabulous philosopher's stone ; Reading and reveries of earth ; Heirloom watch
My friend Dahmer : a graphic novel
Red rascals war
Sarjakuva : comics from Finland
The zombie survival guide : complete protection from the living dead
Call it a day : contemporary comics from Finland, Estonia, Hungary and Latvia : FINEST 2010-2011
How to tell If your cat Is plotting to kill you
In The Caped Crusade, with humor and insight, Glen Weldon, book critic for NPR and author of Superman: The Unauthorized Biography, lays out Batman's seventy-eight-year cultural history and shows how he has helped make us who we are today and why his legacy remains so strong.
