http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11471 new economy
new economy
The mixed oligopoly of cross-border payment systems
Innovations as communication processes : a legal architecture for governing ideas in business
The emergence of the new economy, and its challenge to financial intermediation and banking : a survey
The twenty-first-century firm : changing economic organization in international perspective
Virtual competition : the promise and perils of the algorithm-driven economy
Co-operatives in a post-growth era : creating co-operative economics
ICEB + eBRF 2006 : frontiers of e-business research 2006 : conference proceedings
Words for words
The U.S. expansion : was it demand- or supply-led
Internet and digital economics
The 'new economy' and economic growth in transition economies : the relevance of institutional infrastructure
The e-learning revolution : how technology is driving a new training paradigm
Business environment policy in the new economy
Gendering the knowledge economy : comparative perspectives
Handbook on the economics of the Internet
Management accounting in the digital economy
""Twenty years of hindsight prove how deeply Tapscott understood the impact the Internet would have on the way we live, work, play and learn. This important book, now updated, is just as relevant today as it was then." John Chambers, Chairman and CEO, CiscoWith a new foreword by Eric Schmidt, Chief Executive of GoogleTwo decades ago, The Digital Economy changed the way the world thought about the Web and Internet. While everyone else was in awe of "websites" and "dot coms," Don Tapscott was among the first people to argue that the Internet would fully transform the nature of business and government. It goes without saying that his predictions were spot on. Now, in this new edition of his classic work, the New York Times bestselling author provides topical updates with a sweeping new analysis of how the Internet has changed business and society in the last 20 years, covering: Natural frictions between present-day Industrial Capitalism and the Digital Economy The radical effects of the Internet on traditional corporate structures and systems Dramatic changes in business collaboration and culture thanks to social media The rise of web-based analytics and how they have transformed business functions Government transparency, citizen empowerment, and the creation of public value Teaching and learning--revolutionary developments driven by digital content When Tapscott was writing the original edition in 1994, he was living in a world where Netscape had been just introduced as go-to browser, websites didn't do transactions, dial-up was the only way to get online, and mobile phones sightings were rare. Google, YouTube, eBay, Facebook, Twitter? They didn't exist. Preserving all the original text as it appeared 20 years ago, this new edition includes detailed essays ending each chapter--Tapscott's highly informed reflections on his predictions, along with new forecasts of where the digital world is headed. Praise for the new edition of The Digital Economy"1994 was a good year. Netscape Navigator and The Digital Economy. With this anniversary edition, Tapscott provides lucid insights for the next stage of these amazing times." Marc Andreessen, Co-founder and General Partner, Andreessen Horowitz"Brilliant. Governments can learn from The Digital Economy how to democratize access to prosperity, minimize social and economic divides and transform government and democracy for the 21st Century." Enrique Peña Nieto, President of Mexico "We're now into three decades of terrific insights and analysis from Don Tapscott about the digital revolution! Read this book!" Ajay Banga, President and CEO, Mastercard"In this fascinating reflection of predictions and trends from the past 20 years, Don Tapscott continues to provide valuable insights into the opportunities and challenges for business, government, and wider society in our increasingly digital and connected world." Indra K. Nooyi, Chairman and CEO, PepsiCo"20 years ago Don Tapscott showed again that he had his finger on the pulse of the digital world. His new perspective, insights, and analysis should be required reading for everyone from students to CEOs." Bill McDermott, CEO, SAP"The Digital Economy was a pioneering work--a watershed. The 20th Anniversary Edition has unsettling reflections on the past and profound insights for our collective future." Georg Kell, Executive Director, UN Global Compact"Given Don's foresight over the last 20 years, businesses who do not carefully monitor the trends he outlines about the next few years will do so at their own peril." Paul Polman, CEO, Unilever"--
The next economy : will you know where your customers are?
Shift : a user's guide to the new economy
There is a new economy growing all around us. Haydn Shaughnessy spells out why the current economic transformation is different from anything that preceded it. The digital economy is not just about new technology. Dramatic changes are taking place in how people work together, how they think about society and wealth, and the risks and options they face in employment and business. Haydn draws a detailed picture of new power groups that are driving this new economy - turning rapid innovation into real-time disruption. These power groups are rendering governments increasingly irrelevant in their traditional job creation and economic growth roles, and putting more demands on companies, online communities, and individuals.
New economy - new competition : the rise of the consumer?
eMoney : the final frontier for cash
Innovation Through Cooperation : The Emergence of an Idea Economy
Summary. Concluding remarks (s. 417-426).
EBRF 2007 : September 25-27, Agora - Jyväskylä, Finland : program and abstracts
Consumer evolution : nine effective strategies for driving business growth
The production and use of ICT in Finland, 1975-2001
Set-off and netting, derivatives, clearing systems
In this book Ariel Ezrachi and Maurice Stucke take a hard look at today's app-assisted digital shopping. While consumers reap many benefits from online purchasing, the sophisticated algorithms and data crunching that make browsing so convenient are also changing the nature of market competition, and not always for the better. Computers colluding is one danger. Although longstanding laws prevent companies from fixing prices, data-driven algorithms can now quickly monitor competitors' prices and adjust their own prices accordingly. So what is seemingly beneficial--increased price transparency--ironically can end up harming consumers. A second danger is behavioral discrimination. Here, companies track and profile consumers to get them to buy goods at the highest price they are willing to pay. The rise of superplatforms and their "frenemy" relationship with independent app developers raises a third danger. By controlling key platforms (such as the operating system of smart phones), data-driven monopolies dictate the flow of personal data and determine who gets to exploit potential buyers. The book raises timely questions. To what extent does the "invisible hand" still hold sway? In markets continually manipulated by bots and algorithms, is competitive pricing an illusion? Can our current laws protect consumers? The changing market reality is already shifting power into the hands of the few. Ezrachi and Stucke explore the resulting risks to competition, our democratic ideals, and our economic and overall well-being.--
The relationship advantage : information technologies, sourcing, and management
e-Business Research Forum : eBRF 2002, November 14-16, 2002, Tampere, Finland : abstracts
Regionalising the knowledge economy : conference proceedings of the Regional Studies Association annual conference November 2001
Tales from the new shop floor : inside the real jobs of the information economy
Seminar on Internetworking, spring 2014 : recent developments in fixed and mobile Internet
Internet entrepreneurship in Europe : venture failure and the timing of telecommunications reform
Innovation diffusion in the new economy : the tacit component
The new economy in Europe, 1992-2001
People at work : life, power, and social inclusion in the new economy
Intangible assets and value creation
Electronic commerce for transition economies in the digital age : 19-20 June 2000, Palais des Nations, Geneva, Switzerland, organized in cooperation with the European Electronic Messaging Association : forum proceedings
Basic instincts : human nature and the new economics
Capitalism 4.0 : the birth of a new economy in the aftermath of crisis
The new barbarian manifesto : how to survive the information age
Management information systems : managing the digital firm
A path towards networked organisations : the push of digital natives or the pull of the needs?
Investing online for dummies
Digital geography : the remaking of city and countryside in the new economy
Late to class : social class and schooling in the new economy
Landscapes of capital : representing time, space, and globalization in corporate advertising
Interneteconomics.net : macroeconomics, deregulation, and innovation
Competitiveness in the new economy
eBRF 2004, September 20-22, Tampere, Finland : program and abstracts
The culture of the new capitalism
Digital collaborations and entrepreneurship : the role of shareconomy and crowdsourcing in the era of smart city
The new economy and macroeconomic stability : a neo-modern perspective drawing on the complexity approach and Keynesian economics
The Internet is connecting an increasing number of individuals, organizations, and devices into global networks of information flows. It is accelerating the dynamics of innovation in the digital economy, affecting the nature and intensity of competition, and enabling private companies, government, and the non-profit sector to develop new business models. In this new ecosystem many of the theoretical assumptions and historical observations upon which economics rests are altered and need critical reassessment. This Handbook brings together twenty-six original chapters that discuss theoretical and applied frameworks for the study of the economics of the Internet, encompassing:* its unique economics as a global information and communications infrastructure* the effects of the Internet on economic transactions, including social production, advertising, innovation, and intellectual property rights* the economics and management of Internet-based industries, such as search, news, entertainment, culture, and virtual worlds* the effects of the Internet on the economy at largeInterdisciplinary in its approach, the Handbook synthesizes the state of knowledge and offers new perspectives for researchers, practitioners, and students.
Challenges in entering Vietnamese market for companies in the sharing economy
The X-economy : profiting from instant commerce
The new economy of the global information society : new methods of work 2000 : [report of the Workshop on 6-7 April 2000]
Building knowledge economies : advanced strategies for development
Automating interaction : formal and informal knowledge in the digital network economy
The past and future of America's economy : long waves of innovation that power cycles of growth
Financing the new economy. Financial institutions and corporate governance
The post-bubble US economy : implications for financial markets and the economy
Britain's urban boom : the new economics of cities
New economy handbook
Human resource development in a knowledge economy : an organisational view
New economy and ICT development in China
Trust in the New Economy : the case of Finnish banks
Internet-of-things market, value networks, and business models : state of the art report
The triumph of capitalism
The adoption of information communication technologies in firms : a comparison of Finland and Singapore
The region in the new economy : an international perspective on regional dynamics in the 21st century
Government reform in New Zealand
Sacred economics : money, gift, & society in the age of transition
E-business and export behaviour : evidence from Indian firms
Rot bilong mipela : the politics of logging in East New Britain, Papua New Guinea
Competitive knowledge management
Structural reforms in the EU and the political myopia in economic policies
Building dragons : digital transformation in the experience economy
A new world economic order : overhauling the global economic governance as a result of the financial crisis, 2008–2009
Free : how today's smartest businesses profit by giving something for nothing
Economics and management of network industries
The e-Economy in Europe : its potential impact on EU enterprises and policies : e-Economy conference, Brussels, 1 and 2 March 2001
Emissions mitigation in New Zealand dairy farming : a delphi study
The digital economy : rethinking promise and peril in the age of networked intelligence
Food and agriculture in Papua New Guinea
Business models and modelling
Microeconomic policies in the new economy
People, cities and the new information economy : materials from an international conference in Helsinki, 14.-15. December 2000
The ICT revolution : productivity differences and the digital divide : a report for the Fondazione Rodolfo Debenedetti
Net attitude : what it is, how to get it and why your company can't survive without it
You are not a gadget : a manifesto
Changing money : how the digital age is transforming financial services
Velocity : the seven new laws for a world gone digital
Livelihood : work in the new urban economy
Sustainable lifestyles and the quest for plenitude : case studies of the new economy
The future of service business innovation
Creative destruction : business survival strategies in the global Internet economy
Magic, culture and the new economy
How they started digital : how 25 good ideas became spectacular digital businesses
New Economy and Its Challenge to Financial Intermediation and Banking
Developing and managing talent : a blueprint for business survival
Marketing strategies for the new economy
Digital strategy : a guide to digital business transformation
Pre-proceedings of IS-TSPQ 2007 : The 2nd International Workshop on Interoperability solutions on Trust, Security, Policies and Qos for Enhanced Enterprise Systems, Portugal, 26th March 2007
Developing countries in the new economy : the role of demand-side initiatives
Human resource management in China's new economy
Economy in changing society : consumptions, markets, organizations and social policies
ICEB + eBRF 2006, November 28-December 2, Tampere Hall-Tampere, Finland : program and abstracts
Intelligent enterprises of the 21st century
Start-Up : what we may still learn from Silicon Valley
Free : the future of a radical price
The new economy and developing countries : assessing the role of ICT diffusion
Many people have great ideas. Without the necessary skills and means most never get to realize them. If they could cooperate with competent firms and entrepreneurs together both could achieve much and this is increasingly happening. Mechanisms are being established making a division of labour between inventors and implementers a reality. This is changing the nature of innovation from an internal R&D, or purely entrepreneurial attempt, to a more cooperative innovation. An Idea Economy emerges, where anyone has the possibility to profit from their ideas, and everyone will benefit from more and better innovation. This book presents us the emergence and structure of the Idea Economy by extending the seminal concepts of Entrepreneurial Society and Open Innovation. Part I describes the big picture on how innovation is evolving, where we are today, and what an Idea Economy will look like. Part II points the way forward, discussing in detail on how cooperation in the innovation process works, and why this is only recently becoming possible.
New economy in growth and development
OECD science, technology and industry scoreboard : towards a knowledge-based economy : 2001 edition
