http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11455 profiling
profiling
Stalking actions, prior offender-victim relationships and issuing of restraining orders in a Finnish sample of stalkers
The art of profiling : reading people right the first time
Ceremonial violence : understanding columbine and other school rampage shootings
London Bridges
Personality and labour market outcomes
An often recurring problem with most businesses is that they do not focus on their current and lost customer base with enough care. Since lost customers are already familiar with the company's product and style, they are valuable for any company to win back. Companies should have specific strategies and methods to keep their customer base as steady as possible, as well as to gain back customers that have left the company.This thesis was done for a national television channel MTV3's regional offices' use, and its purpose is to describe the case company's current situation in customer management and to provide recommendations to improve this situation, having special focus on winning back already lost customers. Theories in the thesis are mostly based on literature written of marketing and customer management, where as the empirical part is based on an online survey made by the author, interviews of key personnel, company analysis, and to the case company's current practices. The thesis begins with theoretical chapters and ends with empirical ones. Theory discusses managing lost customers and related topics, such as importance of customer loyalty. In the end recommendations and development ideas for customer management are given for the case company MTV3. The survey results and recommendations were presented to the company's sales teams and local management. Based on the comments the author received this thesis should prove to be useful for any company trying to improve its current, and especially its lost customer management practices.
Creating value with big data analytics : making smarter marketing decisions
Magazine editing : in print and online
Behavioural linking and prediction of offender characteristics in serial homicides
Hug your customers : the proven way to personalize sales and achieve astounding results
Job searching with social media for dummies
Student profile for an international education programme : case: International Marketing Management, Hogeschool Rotterdam
Towards better stakeholder engagement in social media : analyzing Metso Corporation's followers on Twitter
School shooters : understanding high school, college, and adult perpetrators
Profiling hard-to-solve homicides : identifying dimensions of offending and associating them with situational variables and offender characteristics
Predictive analytics, data mining and big data : myths, misconceptions and methods
Blood rose
Crime linking in serial homicide based on single offender behaviors : a Bayesian approach
Library of the dead
An attempt to use blood residue analysis to identify sacrificial practices at Sieidi sites
The advertising concept book : think now, design later : a complete guide to creative ideas, strategies and campaigns
Calcific aortic valve disease (CAVD) is the most common valvular heart disease in the Western world. Although it shares mainly the same risk factors as coronary heart disease (CHD), i.e. similar initial events in both diseases but with time, they lead to different clinical outcomes. Thus, when it affects the coronary arteries, the disease leads to an obstructive or rupture-prone plaque whereas in the aortic valve, it causes massive calcification and ossification. This obstructs the blood flow from the left cardiac ventricle, causing myocardial hypertrophy, and if left untreated, heart failure and death. Many of the pathobiological differences between CAVD and CHD remain unknown. Currently, there are no effective lifestyle- or pharmacologic treatments for CAVD and the only therapy is a valve replacement operation. In this thesis, several studies utilizing large-scale methods were undertaken to profile the molecular events leading to CAVD. Surgically removed valves from patients in different stages of the disease were obtained and gene transcripts, microRNA-molecules and several proteins were identified as being differentially expressed. Several of these were investigated further, including two pro-inflammatory CC-type chemokine ligands 3 and 4 (CCL3 and CCL4), microRNA-125b, several granzyme-proteins and heat-shock protein 90. The results of this thesis provide a large dataset of hundreds of molecular changes associated with CAVD. It is proposed that they can be used as a basis for the generation of new hypotheses and assist in the design of experiments to clarify the mechanisms driving CAVD.
Human rights and non-discrimination in the 'War on terror'
Handbook of composite fabrication
Analyzing the usability of DMX profiler in the HA3 team
Advertising and promotion : an integrated marketing communications perspective
Customer profiling for Company X
Advertising and integrated brand promotion
Winning back lost customers : a case of MTV3
Designer Profile Model : a mentors tool for understanding the design persona of mature students
Cross and burn
Social media analytics : effective tools for building, interpreting and using metrics
Forensic linguistics : an introduction to language, crime and the law
Criminal profiling : developing an effective science and practice
The daily you : how the new advertising industry is defining your identity and your worth
Let us boost your business : how to improve your results in tough times
School shootings scare everyone, even those not immediately affected. They make national and international news. They make parents afraid to send their children off to school. But they also lead to generalizations about those who perpetrate them. Most assumptions about the perpetrators are wrong, and many of the warning signs are missed until it's too late. Here, Peter Langman takes a look at 48 national and international cases of school shootings in order to dispel the myths, explore the motives, and expose the many factors that drive people to rampage attacks. Finally, he addresses violence prevention and the importance of identifying at-risk individuals before it is too late.
Investigative psychology : offender profiling and the analysis of criminal action
Profiling the European citizen : cross-disciplinary perspectives
"Predictive analytics, big data, and data mining are key topics for organizations who want to leverage the ever increasing amounts of data that organizations hold about their customers and other individuals. This in-depth guide provides readers with a solid understanding of data and data trends, the opportunities that it can offer to businesses, the pitfalls and dangers, and a contextual road map for developing solutions that deliver benefits to their organizations. Written in an accessible way, this 'how-to-guide' will help managers to make the most of these technologies in their business area"--
Profiling recreational users of national parks, national hiking areas and wilderness areas in Finland
Bita'13 : Proceedings of Seminar on Current Topics in Business, Information Technology and Analytics
Molecular profiling of calcific aortic valve disease
Geographic profiling : using home to crime distances and crime features to predict offender home location
This ground-breaking text is the first to provide a detailed overview of Investigative Psychology, from the earliest work through to recent studies, including descriptions of previously unpublished internal reports. Crucially it provides a framework for students to explore this exciting terrain, combining Narrative Theory and an Action Systems framework. It includes empirically tested models for Offender Profiling and guidance for investigations, as well as an agenda for research in Investigative Psychology. "Investigative Psychology" features: the full range of crimes from fraud to terrorism, including burglary, serial killing, arson, rape, and organised crime; important methodologies including multi-dimensional scaling and the Radex approach as well as Social Network Analysis; Geographical Offender Profiling, supported by detailed analysis of the underlying psychological processes that make this such a valuable investigative decision support tool; and, the full range of investigative activities, including effective information collection, detecting deception and the development of decision support systems. In effect, this text introduces an exciting new paradigm for a wide range of psychological contributions to all forms of investigation within and outside of law enforcement. Each chapter has actual cases and quotations from offenders and ends with questions for discussion and research, making this a valuable text for undergraduate and postgraduate courses in Applied and Forensic Psychology, Criminology, Socio-Legal Studies and related disciplines.
The use of CSR in employer branding : a study of the use of CSR factors in the employer branding elements of Great place to work-companies
Crime scene actions and offender characteristics in unknown offender aggravated assaults and homecides
Killer instinct
Personas based on the EMBA participants’ customer journeys
Forensics : crime scene investigations from murder to global terrorism
Hacking the human : social engineering techniques and security countermeasures
Social media analytics : effective tools for building, intrepreting, and using metrics
Summary.
Offender profiling in cases of Swedish stranger rapes
The criminology of place  : street segments and our understanding of the crime problem
Inferring the characteristics of an arsonist from crime scene actions : a case study in offender profiling
Brand avatar : translating virtual world branding into real world success
Consumer profiles : an introduction to psychographics
Beneath the bleeding
Pultrusion for engineers
Fever of the bone
Medium. The sixth season
User need driven product concept development : ubiquitous computing scenario creation and evaluation
Our newly digital world is generating an almost unimaginable amount of data about all of us. Such a vast amount of data is useless without plans and strategies that are designed to cope with its size and complexity, and which enable organisations to leverage the information to create value. This book is a refreshingly practical, yet theoretically sound roadmap to leveraging big data and analytics. Creating Value with Big Data Analytics provides a nuanced view of big data development, arguing that big data in itself is not a revolution but an evolution of the increasing availability of data that has been observed in recent times. Building on the authors' extensive academic and practical knowledge, this book aims to provide managers and analysts with strategic directions and practical analytical solutions on how to create calue from existing and new big data.
The torment of others
The gates of Janus : serial killing and its analysis
How to write a business plan
Forensic psychology for dummies
Human rights dilemmas in terrorist profiling
"The Internet is often hyped as a means to enhanced consumer power: a hypercustomized media world where individuals exercise unprecedented control over what they see and do. That is the scenario media guru Nicholas Negroponte predicted in the 1990s, with his hypothetical online newspaper The Daily Me - and it is one we experience now in daily ways. But, as media expert Joseph Turow shows, the customized media environment we inhabit today reflects diminished consumer power. Not only ads and discounts but even news and entertainment are being customized by newly powerful media agencies on the basis of data we don't know they are collecting and individualized profiles we don't know we have. Little is known about this new industry: how is this data being collected and analyzed? And how are our profiles created and used? How do you know if you have been identified as a "target" or "waste" or placed in one of the industry's finer-grained marketing niches? Are you, for example, a Socially Liberal Organic Eater, a Diabetic Individual in the Household, or Single City Struggler? And, if so, how does that affect what you see and do online? Drawing on groundbreaking research, including interviews with industry insiders, this important book shows how advertisers have come to wield such power over individuals and media outlets -and what can be done to stop it"--Provided by publisher.
Crime scene actions and offender characteristics in a sample of Finnish stranger rapes
Mary, Mary
Neste Oil Rally spectator in Lahti 2011 : profile, satisfaction and willingness to recommend the event
Perception of privacy in smartphone applications : profiling users based on personality traits
Reforming European data protection law
Summary in Finnish (Yhteenveto)
Police's image in social media
Niche envy : marketing discrimination in the digital age
Beneath the bleeding : a novel
