http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11468 construction architects
construction architects
Makers of modern architecture
Temporary architecture now! = Temporäre Architektur heute! = L' architecture éphemère d'aujourd'hui!
Frank Lloyd Wright. Vol. 2, Monograph 1902-1906
American buildings and their architects : technology and the picturesque. The corporate and the early gothic styles
100 ideas that changed architecture
Think like an architect
Lahdelma & Mahlamäki Architects : works
New stone architecture
Alvar Aalto in his own words
New Japan architecture : Recent works by world's leading architects
Finnish-American architecture and architects in Northern and Eastern parts of the United States of America 1850-1950 : from rural tradition to urban ideal
Nordic and Baltic museums and archives of architecture
Alvar Aalto : masterworks
Viljo Revell : works and projects = Bauten und Brojekte
Pure plastic new : materials for today's architectureb
ATL arkkitehtitoimistot 2013-2014 : jäsenet = ATL architects' offices 2013-2014 ; members
The houses of Philip Johnson
The sky's the limit : applying radical architecture
Sustainable homes
Open house : unbound space and the modern dwelling
Icons of architecture : the 20th century
Architect Erik Bryggman: works
Alvar Aalto : What & When
The big book of residentials
The work of architects : the Finnish Association of Architects 1892-1992
Punch up! Volume 3
Moscow and Leningrad : a topographical guide to Russian cultural history. Vol. 1, Buildings and builders
Human scale in Finnish architecture = Humaner Maßstab in finnischer Architektur = Arquitectura Finlandesa a escala humana
Total design : objects by Architects
Suomen rakennustaiteen museon arkisto : piirustuskokoelma = Archives of the Museum of Finnish Architecture : drawings collection
Nordic architects
Architecture on the carpet : the curious tale of construction toys and the genesis of modern building
Punch up! Volume 1
The unmade bed of architecture
Exclusive Houses
Why architects still draw : two lectures on architectural drawing
Living in the new millennium : houses at the start of the 21st century
Zumthor : Spirit of Nature Wood Architecture Award 2006
Scandinavian modern houses : the spirit of nordic light : volume 1
Teaching for development : NOFUA Conference in Helsinki 1987
Alvar Aalto : the mark of the hand
Aaltomania : readings against Aalto?
Alvar Aalto : the mature years
Alvar Aalto : what & when?
Theoretical anxiety and design strategies in the work of eight contemporary architects
C.N. Ledoux, L'architecture : edition Ramee
Alvar Aalto's masterpiece Villa Mairea : a house under the pines
Alvar Aalto : the decisive years
Mies van der Rohe : 1886-1969 : the structure of space
Yksityistalo Aalto : Helsinki : Helsingfors = The Aalto house = Aalto-huset
Projekt & Ehitus '93 : Estonian Design & Building '93 catalogue
Utzon's own houses
The house book
Hudson's building and engineering contracts : including the duties and liabilities of architects, engineers and surveyors
Affordable home design : innovations and renovations
Alvar Aalto houses : timeless expressions
Punch up!. Volume 4
Finnish architecture 2016
Gaudi 21 st century : a virtual reality visit of the temple of the Sagrada Familia
Libraries : new concepts in architecture and design
40/40 young architects from Finland
Frank Lloyd Wright. Vol. 4, Monograph 1914-1923
Frank Lloyd Wright. Vol. 8, Monograph 1951-1959
Skyscrapers : who built that? : an introduction to skyscrapers and their architects
Makers of modern architecture. Volume 2, From Le Corbusier to Rem Koolhaas
Five masters of the North = Fem mestre i Norden. Knud Holscher & KHR A/S : a universal aesthetic experience = en altomfattende æstetiske oplevelse
Viipuri Library 1927-1935 : Alvar Aalto. Michael Spens
Finnish architecture now
Frank Lloyd Wright. Vol 3, Monograph 1907-1913
Scandinavian modern houses : the spirit of nordic light. Vol. 3
The feud that sparked the renaissance : how Brunelleschi and Ghiberti changed the art world
Scandinavian modern houses : the spirit of nordic light. Vol. 4
Norman Foster : selected and current works of Foster and partners
Punch up! Volume 2
Villa Mairea : a house under the pines
Gaudi ́ : the complete buldings
Frank Lloyd Wright : American master
Frank Lloyd Wright. Vol. 5, Monograph 1924-1936
One hundred houses for one hundred architects
Frank Lloyd Wright. Vol. 7, Monograph 1942-1950
