http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11492 financial accounting
financial accounting
Accounts demystified : how to understand and use company accounts
Financial management for the small business
International Gaap 2013 : generally accepted accounting practice under International Financial Reporting Standards. Volume 2
Financial accounting : an international perspective
Assets in financial reporting
Accounting and finance for non-specialists
"An introduction to the basic management accounting concepts and applications"--Back cover.
Financial accounting : international financial reporting standards
"An introduction to the fundamentals of accounting and how it is used that will help students apply accounting as a usable, everyday business tool. It adopts an intuitive, informal approach to describe basic principles - what they are, why they exist and how they are used - to help students see the connections between different parts of accounting and the rest of the business world. Written by an award-winning teacher and former management accountant, it encourages students to engage with the material by using questions and worked examples to test knowledge and understanding as they read. It includes a glossary of financial terms that is a useful guide to the language of business. Part of the Cambridge Short Introductions series of concise, authoritative guides to core subjects in business and management"--
Financial reporting : an accounting revolution
Accounting essentials for hospitality managers
Financial accounts of OECD countries. Norway
Accounting : theory and practice
The manager's guide to financial statement analysis
Accounting
General government financial accounts
Accounting and finance
International Gaap 2013 : generally accepted accounting practice under International Financial Reporting Standards. Volume 1
Accounting and finance : an introduction
Introduction to financial accounting
Financial accounting : a business process approach
Doing business with India
Fundamental financial accounting concepts
Financial accounts of OECD countries. Germany
Business accounting : an introduction to financial and management accounting
Introduction to financial statements in Finland ; [julkaisija: KHT-yhdistys]
Accounting principles
Financial accounting, reporting and analysis
Financial accounts of OECD countries. Sweden
International Gaap 2013 : generally accepted accounting practice under International Financial Reporting Standards. Volume 3
Financial accounts of OECD countries. United Kingdom
Financial statement analysis and security valuation
Abstract.
Financial Accounting Theory provides a thorough presentation of financial accounting theories. This new edition continues to include considerable coverage of accounting standards oriented to IASB standards as well as major U.S. accounting standards. While the text discussion concentrates on relating standards to the theoretical framework of the book, the coverage provides students with exposure to the contents of the standards themselves.
Essential finance and accounting for managers
Financial accounting : tools for business decision making
Financial accounting for decision makers
Financial accounts of OECD countries. Finland
Managerial Accounting
Financial accounts of OECD countries. Italy
Accounting for the environment (The greening of accountancy, part 2)
Financial statement analysis : an international perspective
The meaning of company accounts
Financial accounting and reporting
Beyond figures : introduction to financial accounting : european financial accounting manual
Strategic finance
Introduction to financial statements in Finland
Pensions and public finances in Finland : a generational accounting perspective
Accounting : an introduction
Financial reporting and corporate governance
Contributions to accounting and finance : essays in honour of professor Paavo Yli-Olli
Understanding national accounts
Accounting for non-accountants
Short introduction to accounting
Financial accounts of OECD countries. Spain
Financial accounting : a focus on decision making
Financial accounts
Preliminary views on an improved conceptual framework for financial reporting : the objective of financial reporting and qualitative characteristics of decision-useful financial reporting information : comments to be received by 3 November 2006
Accounts demystified : the astonishingly simple guide to accounting
Financial accounting theory
Financial reporting
Financial accounting : an introduction
National accounts of OECD countries. Vol. 3b, Financial balance sheets : stocks
Financial statement analysis : a valuation approach
Accounts demystified : how to understand financial accounting and analysis
Management and cost accounting
Accounting : an introduction / Eddie McLaney and Peter Atrill
Financial and managerial accounting
Financial analysts' perception on intangibles : an interview survey in Finland
How to Understand Business Finance
National accounts of OECD countries. Vol. 3a, Financial accounts : flows
Understanding financial statements
Basic management accounting for the hospitality industry
