http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11499 tendons
tendons
Outcome of total Achilles tendon rupture repair, with special reference to suture materials and postoperative treatment
The Achilles tendon is the strongest and largest of human tendons, and its proper function is essential for normal gait. Most acute Achilles tendon injuries occur during sports, particularly in ball games. The purposes of this study were (1) to examine the incidence of total Achilles tendon rupture (ATR) over a 33-year period in the city of Oulu and to investigate its changes with respect to age, sex, and injury mechanism. (2) to compare ≥10-year outcomes of two postoperative regimens after ATR repair: early weightbearing with early mobilization versus early weightbearing with early immobilization in tension, (3) to compare clinical outcome and calf muscle strength recovery after conservative treatment or open surgical repair of acute ATR, followed by identical accelerated rehabilitation programs. The overall incidence per 100 000 person years increased from 2.1 in 1979 to 21.5 in 2011. The incidence increased in all age groups. The incidence of sports-related ruptures increased during the second 11-year period, whereas the incidence of non-sports-related ruptures increased steadily over the entire study period. Early mobilization and immobilization in tension after ATR repair resulted in similar clinical outcomes and isokinetic strengths. Regardless of patient satisfaction with the operative treatment, calf muscle strength did not recover normally, even at the 10-year follow-up. Surgery and conservative treatment of acute ATR resulted in similar Achilles tendon performance score after 18 months, but surgery restored calf muscle strength earlier. Surgery also resulted in better health-related quality of life in the domains of physical functioning and bodily pain. Conservative treatment with a functional protocol is recommended for a large majority of patients. However, patients with high physical expectations could still benefit from operative treatment. In conclusion, the incidence of ATR is rising, postoperative immobilization and early mobilization result in similar long-term results in terms of the Achilles tendon performance score and calf muscle function, and conservative treatment with a functional protocol is the preferred treatment for the majority of patients.
Clinical orthopedic assessment guide
Sobotta atlas of human anatomy 1. Vol. 1, Head, neck, upper limb
Degenerative rotator cuff tear : results and prognostic factors of arthroscopic repair
Viscoelastic properties of the Achilles tendon in vivo
This book describes recent developments in nutrition and training in sports horses. Special attention is given to the equine musculoskeletal system with a focus on tendons, a tissue frequently injured in sports horses. Experts in the field of exercise and medical sciences - working both with equine and human athletes - provide reviews on how to improve training and rehabilitation of tendons. Interrelated topics, such as riding balance, oxidative stress, welfare, exercise physiology and boot design are also covered in the book. The book will be of interest to anyone working in the field of equine sport and veterinary science.
Articles covered in this title include: "Functional Anatomy of the Gastroc-Soleus Complex and Achilles Tendon", "Insertional Achilles Tendinosis and Posterior Heel Pain Pathology", "Non-Insertional Achilles Tendinosis Conservative", "Non-Surgical Management of Achilles Tendon Ruptures", "Acute Open Repair of the Ruptures Achilles Tendon", "Minimal Incision Techniques for Acute Achilles Repair", "Rehabilitation of the Achilles Tendon", "Tendon Transfers for Achilles Reconstruction", "Management of Chronic Achilles Deficiency", "Complications of Achilles Tendon Surgery", "Achilles Lengthening Procedures - Indications, Techniques", "Emerging Techniques", and "Posterior Calf Injury and Pain (conditions that mimic Achilles disorders)".
Biochemical characterisation of navicular hyaline cartilage, navicular fibrocartilage and the deep digital flexor tendon in horses with navicular disease
Development of a new flexor tendon repair technique performed with bioabsorbable poly-L/D-lactide (PLDLA) 96/4 suture : an experimental ex vivo study
Release your pain : resolving repetitive strain injuries with active release techniques
Achilles tendon behaviour and contribution to work in drop jumps with different rebound intensities
Interference screw fixation of soft tissue grafts in anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction: part 2 : effect of preconditioning on graft tension during and after screw insertion
Effect of low-load hamstring strength training on the H/Q ratio and electromyographic activity in various gymnastic actions in young aesthetic group gymnasts
Intramedullary nailing of tibial shaft fracture : with special attention given to anterior knee pain
Functional muscle architecture in aging
The Achilles tendon : treatment and rehabilitation
Stretching Therapy for Sport and Manual Therapies
Novel regulators of vascular development in Arabidopsis thaliana
Shoulder impingement syndrome : arthroscopic acromioplasty offers no additional benefits compared to structured exercise treatment
Surgery of the knee. Volume 1
Diagnosis and treatment of superficial digital flexor tendon injuries
Effects of ageing on Achilles tendon properties and triceps surae muscle architecture in vivo
"The Achilles Tendon" provides a learned practical well-referenced approach to the various manifestations of achilles tendinopathy, giving illustrated details of management of the conditions depicted. From simple achilles tendinopathy through to acute rupture of the achilles tendon, the authors provide a key reference to all involved in the management of these patients. Delving not only into the anatomy, biomechanics and diagnosis of achilles tendon medicine but also into the management options open to orthopedic surgeons, sports physicians and physiotherapists, no other title has gone into such detail to identify the past, present and future options for the management of achilles tendon injuries.
Achilles tendon overuse injuries : diagnosis and treatment
Anterior Cruciate Ligament : double-bundle versus single-bundle reconstruction
Responses of musculoskeletal tissues to disuse and remobilization
Hand and upper extremity rehabilitation : a practical guide
Sobotta atlas of human anatomy. Tables of muscles, joints and nerves
Carboxyterminal telopeptide structures of type I collagen in various human tissues
The Achilles tendon
Therapeutical hand splints : a rational approach. Volume 2, Practical applications
Hand rehabilitation : a quick reference guide and review
In vivo muscle mechanics during human locomotion : fascicle-tendinous tissue interaction during stretch-shortening cycle exercises
Achilles tendon rupture, with special reference to epidemiology and results of surgery
Magnetic resonance imaging of Achilles tendon : with special reference to normal appearance, chronic disorders and postoperative total ruptures
ACL graft fixation : interference screw fixation of the soft tissue grafts
Anatomy of movement : exercises
Physiotherapy in orthopaedics : a problem-solving approach
Human tendons : anatomy, physiology and pathology
Muscle-tendon behavior of vastus lateralis muscle in skating movement
Contribution of in-vivo human tendon force measurements for understanding tendomuscular loading during SSC
Bioabsorbable poly-L/D-lactide 96/4 (PLDLA) implant in hand and forefoot joint in chronic inflammatory arthritis
Sobotta atlas of human anatomy : head, neck, upper limb, thorax, abdomen, pelvis, lower limb
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Graft fixation in ACL reconstruction
Structure and function of human triceps surae muscle and tendon in aging
Surgery of the knee
Badminton and the Achilles tendon
Gastrocnemius tendon length and strain are different when assessed using straight or curved tendon model
Effects of muscle action type on corticospinal excitability and triceps surae muscle-tendon mechanics
Achilles tendon rupture : comparison of two surgical techniques, evaluation of outcomes after complications and biochemical and histological analyses of collagen type I and III and tenascin-C expression in the Achilles tendon
Tendon and ligament healing : a new approach through manual therapy
Nitinol shape memory alloy in flexor tendon repair
This techniques-oriented text is a comprehensive guide to managing Achilles tendon problems. Readers learn the latest less invasive and nonoperative treatment approaches, in addition to traditional treatments, from internationally renowned contributors. Introductory chapters provide essential background on basic anatomy, physiology, and pathomechanics. Subsequent sections cover the spectrum of Achilles tendon injuries. Acute and chronic conditions are addressed, as well as problems specific to both adolescents and adults. The book also takes a practical approach to sports training in relation to the role of the Achilles. Rehabilitation is highlighted with an emphasis on quicker return to play. Case studies tie the book together and aid with the ready application of concepts to daily practice.
Kinematic MRI of the joints : functional anatomy, kinesiology and clinical applications
Effects of physical activity and inactivity on collagen synthesis in rat skeletal muscle and tendon
Applied equine nutrition and training : Equine NUtrition and TRAining COnference (ENUTRACO) 2013
Sobotta atlas of human anatomy 2. Vol. 2, Trunk, Viscera, Lower Limb
Compaction drilling does not increase the initial fixation strength of the hamstring tendon graft in anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction in a cadaver model
Calf muscle activation strategies in healthy and injured achilles tendon conditions
Achilles tendon
Porcine tibia is a poor substitute for human cadaver tibia for evaluating interference screw fixation
Achilles tendon viscoelastic properties and mechanical responses to a single bout of exercise
Interference screw fixation of soft tissue grafts in anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction: part 1 : effect of tunnel compaction by serial dilators versus extraction drilling on the initial fixation strength
Bone density and insertion torque as predictors of anterior cruciate ligament graft fixation strength
Stretching therapy : for sport and manual therapies
The adhesions of a traumatized tendon formed under the effect of thyrotropin and somatotropin : experimental studies by physical and histoquantitative measurements
The effectiveness of 12 months' intensive shoulder strength training on disability, health-related quality of life and shoulder function after rotator cuff repair
Conditions of tendons and ligaments
Acute Achilles tendon rupture : epidemiology and treatment
Muscle mechanics during human movement revealed by in vivo measurements of tendon force and muscle length
