http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11406 reading (activity)
reading (activity)
Handbook for remediation of reading difficulties
Who reads best? : factors related to reading achievement in grades 3, 7, and 11
Research methods in second language acquisition : a practical guide
Duncan the story dragon
Vocabulary instruction : research to practice
How in the world do students read? : IEA study of reading literacy
Making love : a conspiracy of the heart
The first reading and writing book
World congress on reading, Baile Átha Cliath Dublin, July 26, 30 1982.
The reader on the 6.27
The magic button and other stories
Teaching the child to read
Scientific studies of reading : the official journal of the Society for the Scientific Study of Reading
Reading in the brain : the new science of how we read
Vocabulary acquisition : implications for reading comprehension
Practical guide to reading Finnish
The republic of imagination : a case for fiction
Understanding reading problems : assessment and instruction
The logogryph : a bibliography of imaginary books
My first Ladybird words and pictures
Summary of investigations relating to reading : July 1, 1991 to June 30, 1992
Influence of grade one Zambian teachers and GraphoGame on initial literacy acquisition : Lusaka district
Literacy matters : the 21st-century children's opinions on the significance of literacy
Speed and power of reading in high school
Read and rhyme
A technology of reading and writing. Vol.4, Designing instructional tasks
Happy time : three papers on international and national trends in leisure time
Early prediction of reading : phonological awareness and related language and cognitive skills in children with a familial risk for dyslexia
Theoretical models and processes of reading
Teaching young children to read
Shrinking powder and other stories
The second international reading symposium
Swedish aspects on literacy : selected papers from the 13th IRA World Congress on Reading
Reading and writing in the first school
Learning to read : reciprocal processes and individual pathways
TEACHING READING AROUND THE WORLD
Eye movements in reading of dynamic on-screen text in various presentation formats and contexts
Charlie Cook's favourite book
Book with no pictures
Focus on reading activities : teachers' perspectives
This paper reports findings from the study that examined the role of family in children's acquisition of early reading skills. We recruited 72 first-grade learners and their parents from low-income Zambian families for the study. In response to a home literacy questionnaire, parents reported on their reading attitudes and family literacy environment. Children's early reading skills were assessed using two early reading tests (orthographic awareness and decoding competence), both conducted at two different points during the year. Regression analyses of pretest and gain scores revealed that parental reading attitude and family literacy environment significantly predicted early reading skills. These findings suggest that the family is an important element in the children's process of learning to read. Implications of the findings are discussed.
Reading, Gender, and Engagement : Lessons From Five PISA Countries
The Book Thief & I Am the Messenger
Chineasy : the new way to read Chinese
Systematic reading instruction
Reading, how to : a people's guide to alternatives to learning and testing
Comprehension checkups grades 1-5 : strategies for success
I believe in unicorns
Landscapes : a-state-of-the-art assessment of reading comprehension research 1974-1984
Cultural and contextual shaping of scholarly communication : publishing and reading practices in Finnish state research institutes
Reading riddles : rhetorics of obscurity from romanticism to Freud
The effect of language environment on learning the letter-sound correspondence through graphogame : case stories of eight immigrant children in Finland
How to read better and faster
Reading comprehension : new directions for elassroom practice
The art of efficient reading
Readings in verbal learning : contemporary theory and research
Reading the world : confessions of a literary explorer
The importance of science fiction to undergraduate literary studies cannot be underestimated. Its capacity to challenge students' social, political and cultural perspectives makes it invaluable in highlighting the contingent nature of contemporary society and the potential for change. Teaching Science Fiction is the first book in thirty years to address how science fiction might be taught to this effect. It presents comprehensive treatments of the major phases in the development of the genre including the scientific romance, Golden Age science fiction, the New Wave and science fiction's engagement with the postmodern. The book identifies and explores innovative teaching strategies which will both engage and challenge students whilst providing practical advice on how an sf course can be designed, delivered and evaluated. Sample syllabuses, a detailed chronology, a compact history of the genre and an extensive bibliography make this an invaluable guide for anyone teaching, or considering teaching, science fiction at undergraduate level.
Development of literacy in kindergarten and primary school
Associations of early adolescents' reading difficulties with their reading-related task values, competence beliefs and achievement emotions
Shakespeare saved my life : ten years in solitary with The Bard
The second reading and writing book
Finger phonics. 3
Northern lights on PISA 2009 : focus on reading
Virgin and veteran readings of Ulysses
Borders : of boundaries, transitions and transgressions : a response to Gavin Flood
Understanding and teaching reading : an interactive model
Comprehension and teaching : research reviews
Summary of investigations relating to reading
The acquisition of early reading skills : the influence of the home environment in Lusaka, Zambia
Style in the translation process : a description of the translation process of two short  stories by Carol Shields
On reading
Does dynamic learning predict reading skills?
Learning to read and spell : the child's knowledge of words
In spite of secularist predictions, religion on a global scale has not gone away and shows little sign of dimnishing. Within the context of the renewal of interest in religion and the assertion of religion in the public realm, I seek in this article to explore the ways in which the self has been (and continues to be) formed in religious traditions. Drawing on substantive examples from my work on textual traditions in India and Europe, the article argues that 'religious reading' is central to the formation of religious traditions and the formation of the religious person, and that this has an impact upon discourse in the public realm. The process of religious reading itself occurs in a borderland between text and world and between self and world. Through 'religious reading', or more precisely textual reception, we can understand the ways in which forms of inwardness are constructed in tradition-specific ways and such inwardness too has an impact on public discourse. I therefore attempt to examine three traditional borderlands - between inwardness and externality, between text and world, and between private religion and public governance - in the light of religious reading.
Bear's house of books
Read and write
Teaching reading : a human process
Finnish summary.
Innocence (with bonus short story Wilderness) : a novel
How the brain learns to read
Written for all teachers as well as administrators, this resource covers strategies for nine essential components of effective reading instruction: phonemic awareness, phonics spelling, fluency, developing a reading culture, providing opportunities to read, writing, word knowledge, and comprehension.
Models of efficient reading
My first book of reading
Composing and comprehending : National conference on research in English
Finger phonics. 2
PISA06 Finland : analyses, reflections and explanations
Children's media barometer 2010 : the use of media among 0-8-year-olds in Finland : an English summary of the original Finnish report
Studying text macrostructures
Finger phonics. 7
Narratives about immigrant children learning to read in the Finnish language
Reading and remedial reading
The emperor of any place
Annual summary of investigations relating to reading
Literacy skills, mathematical skills and educational expectations among Finnish adolescents
Teaching reading to every child
The PhotoReading whole mind system
Critical reading develops early
Reading in the elementary school
Children's learning in a digital world
The complete polysyllabic spree
Teaching science fiction
"This text involves students in understanding and using the tools of critical social and literary theory from the first day of class. It is an ideal first introduction before students encounter more difficult readings from critical and postmodern perspectives. Nealon and Giroux describe key concepts and illuminate each with an engaging inquiry that asks students to consider deeper and deeper questions. Written in students' own idiom, and drawing its examples from the social world, literature, popular culture, and advertising, The Theory Toolbox offers students the language and opportunity to theorize. Updated throughout, the second edition of The Theory Toolbox includes a discussion of new media, as well as two new chapters on life and nature"--
Ambiguity tolerance as an instrument of learner profiling : a Q methodological study of how upper secondary school students' perceptions of EFL reading reconstruct a learner variable
Finger phonics. 5
Lifestyles and social change : essays in economic sociology
Factors related to reading disabililies in the first grade of the elementary school
Reading comprehension in the elementary school : a teacher's practical guide
Seeing the book
Learning to teach reading in the elementary school : utilizing a competencybased instructional system
Development in reading and reading related skills : a follow-up study from pre-school to the fourth grade
The convergence of two complementary agendas motivated collaboration between two universities (in Zambia and Finland) to establish the Centre for the Promotion of Literacy in Sub-Saharan Africa (CAPOLSA), focused on initial literacy learning in indigenous languages. The project's mandate and activities are closely related to Zambia's national context of literacy and educational provision, emerging trends in information and communication technology, and the University of Zambia's institutional context of research and development on literacy, child development, and education. CAPOLSA has afforded opportunities for enhancing the working relations between the national university and government and for contributing to the development of institutional linkages and consultative forums. Collaboration between various disciplines, institutions, and economic sectors characterizes CAPOLSA's activities. Important areas of progress envisaged include institutional development, growth of a sustainable community of researchers whose collective efforts will increase the scale of Africa's contribution to international knowledge, and evidence-based planning at the interface between humans and technology.
Children's reading choices
Some applications in the field of applied machine vision research
Book 2010 : development trends in the book trade - summary
Reading with children
It's a book
Intensive interventions for students struggling in reading and mathematics : a practise guide
Psychology in teaching reading
Reading and development : Keynote address of the 20th annual convention, International reading association, IRA, New York City 1975
Models of reading and writing processes
Jodie Broom and the library card
Finger phonics. 6
Reading, libraries and well-being
Children's literature in the elementary school
The psychology and teaching of reading
Some determinants of errors made in reading aloud : reading of moving-window text
Co be ghet sach = The girl who hated books
The peculiar life of a lonely postman
The retention of connected discourse after 27 years
A student-centered language arts curriculum, grades K-13 : a handbook for teachers
New perspectives in organization research : consisting of papers from a Conference on Research in Organizations ... at Carnegie Institute of Technology June 22-24, 1962 and a seminar on the Social Science of Organizations ... at the University of Pittsburgh June 10-23, 1962
The psychology of reading : an introduction
Dwelling on the borders : self. Text and world
The nearest thing to life
The secret garden : a reading material package
The book thief
The early literacy handbook : making sense of language and literacy with children birth to seven - a practical guide to the context approach
Between the lines
Yhteenveto (Summary)
Directing reading maturity as a cognitive process
Amelia Bedelia is for the birds
The trend of reading standards
Supporting Urgent Basic Reading Skills in Children in Africa and Around the World
Children's media barometer 2011 : media use among 7-11-year-old children and their experiences on media education : an english summary of the original Finnish report
Promotion of Literacy in Sub-Saharan Africa: Goals and Prospects of CAPOLSA at the University of Zambia
Approaches to beginning reading
Factors related to reading disabilities in the first grade of the elementary school
Computerized reading fluency assessment : task validity and the strongest discriminators of fluency skills among second-graders
Becoming literate : the construction of inner control
Children discover reading : an introduction to structural reading
Role of Family on Pathways to Acquiring Early Reading Skills In Lusaka's Low-Income Communities
Teach them all to read : catching kids before they fall through the cracks
The theory toolbox : critical concepts for the humanities, arts, and social sciences
A technology of reading and writing. Vol. 3, The adaptive classroom
Reading theologically : foundations for learning
Books for living
Urban teens in the library : research and practice
Psycholinguistics and reading
How to read world literature
Growth in reading : proceedings of the fifteenth annual course and conference of the United Kingdom Reading Association, Nene College, Northampton, 1978
Acting as reading : the place of the reading process in the actor's work
What children read in school : critical analysis of primary reading textbooks
The joy of reading handbook : improving reading motivation and multiliteracy through collaboration between schools and libraries
Students evaluating Internet sources – From versatile evaluators to uncritical readers
Literacy in language teaching : a task-based material package for the 6th grade
The upside-down reader
Finger phonics. 4
Reading the changes
The library of shadows
The readers of Broken Wheel recommend
How to teach reading systematically
Does training in syllable recognition improve reading speed? A computer-based trial with poor readers from second and third grade.
The roles of prior topic knowledge and text features in how readers map ideas from text
Content area reading and learning : instructional strategies
What reading does to people : a summary of evidence on the social effects of reading and a statement of problems for research
Of interest in their own terms as a significant cultural practice, reading groups also provide a window on the everyday interpretation of literary texts. While reading is often considered a solitary process, reading groups constitute a form of social reading, where interpretations are produced and displayed in discourse. The Discourse of Reading Groups is a study of such joint conceptual activity, and how this is necessarily embedded in interpersonal activity and the production of reader identities. Uniquely in this context it draws on, and seeks to integrate, ideas from both cognitive and social linguistics. The book will be of interest to scholars in literacy studies as well as cultural and literary studies, the history of reading, applied linguistics and sociolinguistics, digital technologies and educational research.
Modern innovations in the teaching of reading
Finger phonics. 1
Reading for the gifted and the creative student
Reading is not only fun and invigorating, it also has many other positive effects on a person's quality of life and well-being. One of the fundamental missions of public libraries has always been to support people's reading habits and promote literature. A number of surveys pertaining to the use of the library have also indicated that libraries are still a significant part of people's lives in precisely this way.
Are you sitting comfortably?
Reading: from 5-11 years
Parental involvement and children ́s academic skills
An introduction to book history
The pleasure of reading
Discover the Bible in English! : teaching material package for grades 8-9 in Christian schools
Home literacy environment and inside-out emergent literacy skills of children with differing familial risk of dyslexia
Comprehension processes in reading
How to read a book : the art of getting a liberal education
History of the rain
A passion for books
Teaching young readers. Part 1, Age 4-9
Electronic poetry : understanding poetry in the digital environment
The discourse of reading groups : integrating cognitive and sociocultural perspectives
Digital Texts for Learning Finnish: Shared Resources and Emerging Practices
Before the child reads
Dyslexia and English as a foreign language : a study on compositions in English matriculation examination spring 1995
The function of criticism : problems and exercises
Reading development during elementary school years : evidence from eye movements
Adolescent literacy : what works and why
