http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11466 copper ores
copper ores
IOCG and Porphyry-Cu deposits in Northern Finland and Sweden : excursion guide, 27-28 August 2011 : 25th International Applied Geochemistry Symposium 2011, 22-26 August 2011 Rovaniemi, Finland
Gold and copper deposits in Central Lapland, Northern Finland, with special reference to their exploration and exploitation
Iron oxide-copper-gold excursion and workshop Nothern Finland and Sweden 31.5.-4.6.2004
Pahtavuoma: copper in stream sediment and till
Iron oxide-copper-gold deposits in Finland : case studies from the Peräpohja schist belt and the Central Lapland greenstone belt
On the geology of the copper ore field in the Virtasalmi area, Eastern Finland
Cordierite-Orthoamphibole rocks, Cu-Pb-Zn deposits and Fluorine: case studies in Orijärvi, Finland and Oonagalabi, Central Australia
Active sulphide mine tailings impoundments as sources of contaminated drainage : controlling factors, methods of characterisation and geochemical constraints for mitigation
The geochemistry, fluid inclusions, sulfur isotopes and origin of the Hammaslahti copper ore deposit, Finland
The early Proterozoic Zn-Pb-Cu massive sulfide deposit at Attu, SW Finland
Petrology, geochemistry and mineralogy of ultramafic rocks and associated Ni-Cu deposits in the Vammala Ni-belt, southwestern Finland
Research and exploration - where do they meet? : excursion guidebook. B3, Gold and base metal deposits in Southwestern Finland
The challenge of finding new mineral resources : global metallogeny, innovative exploration, and new discoveries. Vol. 1-2
Geochemical characteristics of Svecokarelidic mafic-ultramafic intrusions associated with Ni-Cu occurrences in Finland
Petrological and geochemical characteristics of the Ponostama ultramafic intrusion, Sodankylä, Northern Finland
Research and exploration - where do they meet? : excursion guidebook. B1, Ore deposits of Lapland in Northern Finland and Sweden
Potassic igneous rocks have gained much attention among petrologists worldwide, mainly due to their distinct geochemistry, and many geoscientists still consider them as petrological curiosities with an obscure petrogenesis. In the past, a plethora of genetic hypotheses and of local names for potassic igneous rocks from different localities have been created. This has produced some confusion in the literature. This book reviews the geochemical and petrological characteristics of the potassic igneous rock complexes and investigates the different tectonic settings in which these rocks occur. The authors provide an overview and a classification of these rocks and attempt to elucidate the geochemical differences between barren and mineralized potassic igneous complexes. Many epithermal gold and porphyry copper-gold deposits are hosted by high-K rocks. Therefore, this book is not only relevant to academic petrologists working on alkaline rocks, but also to exploration geologists prospecting for epithermal gold and/or porphyry copper-gold deposits in modern and ancient terranes. This third, updated and enlarged edition contains several new sections, new geochemical data and additional references.
Nickel-copper deposits of the Baltic Shield and Scandinavian Caledonides
Research and exploration - where do they meet? : excursion guidebook. A2, Volcanic hosted massive sulphide and gold deposits in the Skellefte district, Sweden and Western Finland
Magmatic Ni-Cu and PGE deposits : geology, geochemistry, and genesis
Gold in porphyry copper systems
Potential iron-titanium-vanadium, copper and nickel ore fields in Finland
Building a copper smelter in Brazil : assessment of environmental aspects, impacts, and interaction related to the Caraíba Metais project 1976-1983
Exploring for iron oxide copper-gold deposits : Canada and global analogues
Research and exploration - where do they meet? : excursion guidebook. B4, Ore deposits of the Kola Peninsula, Northwestern Russia
Boom copper : the story of the first U.S. mining boom
More copper country tales. Vol. 2
Mount Gabriel : Bronze Age mining in Ireland
Geochemistry in Zambia : report of the AGID Geochemical Workshop held at Lusaka, Zambia, August 22, 1977
Ore mineral inclusions in detrital quartz contained in basal till and the glacial transport from the Ylöjärvi copper-tungsten deposit, southwestern Finland
Iron oxide-copper-gold deposits in Finland : case studies from the Peräpohja schist belt and Central-Lapland greenstone belt
Potassic igneous rocks and associated gold-copper mineralization
Komatiite-hosted Ni-Cu-PGE deposits in Finland : their characterization, PGE content, and petrogenesis
From genetic concepts to practice : lithogeochemical identification of Ni-Cu mineralised intrusions and localisation of the ore
The copper-gold vein deposit of Kivimaa at Tervola, N-Finland
Geology and genesis of major copper deposits and districts of the world : a tribute to Richard H. Sillitoe
