http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11417 population research
population research
Yearbook of population research in Finland. XLI, 2005
Gender and family change in industrialized countries
Differences in well-being are examined at two regional levels. First, variations in well-being are studied based on municipal statistics by three indices that represent different aspects of life. The examination shows that the most problematic areas are in eastern and northern Finland. Second, residential differentiation is examined in two metropolitan areas, Helsinki and Tampere, through two variables: families with children and residents with university education. Metropolitan Helsinki is divided into socially distinctive residential areas. Low levels of education and the threat of unemployment concentrate in the northern and eastern parts of the city. Such clear socio-economic differentiation cannot be found in Metropolitan Tampere.
Improving mental health information in Europe : proposal of the MINDFUL project
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 39, 2003
Mixed method data collection strategies
Population and development
Suomalaisen väestöntutkimuksen bibliografia 1756-1944 = Bibliography of Finnish population research in 1756-1944
Labour Force Participation and the Likelihood of Abortion in Finland over Three Birth Cohorts
International population conference : solicited papers, Manila 1981 = Congrès international de la population : communications sollicitees, Manila 1981. Vol. 4.
Towards the high quality of population health surveys : standardization and quality control
Yearbook of population research in Finland XXXVIII : articles on demography in honor of professor Tapani Valkonen on his birthday
"Surveillance data collected in vital registration and TB notification systems provide essential information about the TB epidemic and programmatic efforts to control the disease at both national and local levels. Analysis of these data can help programme managers and other staff to track the level of and trends in TB disease burden, detect outbreaks of disease and identify ways to improve existing TB prevention, diagnostic and treatment services. This book provides practical guidance on the analysis and use of such surveillance data, and is suitable for a wide range of people engaged in TB control. It was produced as a major collaborative effort as part of the work of the WHO's Global Task Force on TB Impact Measurement."--Back cover.
Fibula, fabula, fact : the Viking Age in Finland
Biosocial aspects of social class
Life under pressure : mortality and living standards in Europe and Asia, 1700-1900
Bibliography of Finnish Population Studies 2003.
Conference on economic and demographic change : issues for the 1980's : solicited papers : Helsinki 1978 = Congrés sur les mutations économiques et démographiques : perspectives pour les années 1980 : communications sollicitées : Helsinki 1978.
Interrelationships of physical activity and depressive symptoms with cardiometabolic risk factors
International population conference : solicited papers, Manila 1981 = Congrès international de la population : communications sollicitees, Manila 1981. Vol. 1.
Latvia has been suffering a substantial decrease in population since the early 1990s. There appears to have been little or no detailed analysis of the genesis of this decline in population. The major political event occurring at the beginning of the population decline was the rapid transitioning from socialism to capitalism. This study has revealed the causes of severe population decline to be a combination of steadily-declining birth rate, sharply rising high death rate, and mass emigration of people to wealthier European states. The cross-over of birth rate and death rate could be attributed to the tumultuous societal upheavals in the changeover from the socialistic protective-welfare system to a free-market capitalistic economic system. In particular, this traumatic event had probably affected the physical and mental health of many people to result in premature deaths from, among other things, consequential morbidity, accidents, homicides and suicides. Practicable remedies to arrest the continuing trend of precipitous decline in the population might include a) repairing the failures of the current modality of national health care, b) creating higher paying jobs in Latvia to entice prospective young emigrants to stay in Latvia, and c) repatriating of recent Latvian émigrés.
Handbook of marriage and the family
Bibliography of Finnish Population Studies 2004-2006
The need to reassess the role of the population variable in global development
Personality disorders in the Northern Finland 1966 Birth Cohort Study
The demography of Africa
State and local population projections : methodology and analysis
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 40, 2004
Measurement of physical functioning in comprehesive national health surveys : International Classification of Functioning, Disability, and Health, ICF as a framework
T. R. Malthus : the unpublished papers in the collection of Kanto Gakuen University. Vol. 2
Predictors of early retirement : a population-based study in men from Eastern Finland
Names, ethnicity and populations : tracing identity in space
Finnish yearbook of population research. XLIX, 2014
The methods and materials of demography
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 41, XLI 2005.
Trends in Childbearing, Marriage and Divorce in Sweden: An Update with Data up to 2012.
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 35, 1998-1999
Fertility and family : proceedings of the expert group on fertility and family, New Delhi, 5-11 January 1983.
The politics and policies of reproductive agency
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 33, 1996
The measure of multitude : population in medieval thought
International population conference, New Delhi 1989 = Congrès international de la population, La Nouvelle Delhi 1989. Vol. 4.
International population conference : solicited papers, Manila 1981 = Congrès international de la population : communications sollicitees, Manila 1981. Vol. 2.
We present an update of the main and parity-specific trends in vital family-demographic behavior in Sweden presented in Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 2011. Based on Swedish register data, previous time series of relative risks of childbearing, marriage, and divorce by calendar year are updated with another five years of observation. We demonstrate that more than a decade of increasing fertility levels turned into moderate fertility declines in 2011. This trend reversal pertains to all main birth orders. Marriage propensities continued to increase for mothers but stagnated for the childless. Since the turn of the century, trends in divorce risks seem to have leveled off, altogether reflecting a more prevalent role of marriage in recent Swedish family dynamics.
Bibliography of Finnish Population Studies 2011-2013
Population growth and the freedom to choose : our common responsibilities
Migration and settlement. 2, Finland
Demographic background of changes in the life patterns of families in the Nordic countries
Measurement of physical functioning in comprehensive national health surveys : international classification of functioning, disability, and health, ICF as a framework
The bibliography covers the literature on population research published by Finnish authors in Finland and abroad during the year 2011-2013. Also included are studies by foreign authors on Finnish population. Included are independent publications and articles in periodicals and compiled works as well as nationwide Finnish statistics. In general the bibliography excludes nonscientific articles in newspapers and weeklies as well as unpublished reports and academic theses. Also not included are studies presented in proceedings of conferences held in Finland if they are written abroad and treated subjects outside Finland. Neither are comparative studies where Finland not forms a substantial part included in the bibliography. Coverage is less complete in peripheral fields.
Population : an introduction
Question evaluation methods : contributing to the science of data quality
Censuses, surveys and privacy
International population conference, New Delhi 1989 = Congrès international de la population, La Nouvelle Delhi 1989. Vol. 3.
Mapping the Germans : statistical science, cartography, and the visualization of the German nation, 1848-1914
International population conference, Mexico 1977 = Congrés international de la population, Mexico 1977.
Social structure and children's life chances : an analysis of child mortality in Sweden
National population bibliography of Finland 1945-1978
Land use rights and gender in Ovamboland, North- Central Namibia, since the 1930s
Demographic science and its teaching in Italy
Men's Fertility in Second Unions in Three European Countries: The Effect of Parenthood Status
Hopelessness in a general population of Finnish adults = Toivottomuus suomalaisessa aikuisväestössä
Health Economics and Outcome Studies on Type 2 Diabetes Education and Screening in a Chinese Population
Later phases of the family cycle : demographic aspects
Handbook of population
Health-related quality of life and its associating factors among 25-64-year-old adults with or without long-term mental symptoms.
Finnish yearbook of population research. 42, 2006
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 38, 2002.. articles on demography in honor of professor Tapani Valkonen on his birthday
Morbidity in Inari and Utsjoki
Residential area and health:a study of the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1966
Non-governmental organisations and world population issues
Advanced techniques of population analysis
Social Upheaval, Poverty and the Latvian Demographic Crisis
Yearbook of population research in Finland 2003.. 39.
Culture, religion, and demographic behaviour : Catholics and Lutherans in Alsace, 1750-1870
Migration and settlement. 4, German Democratic Republic
Economic and demographic change : issues for the 1980's : proceedings of the conference, Helsinki 1978 = Mutations économiques et démographiques : perspectives pour les années 1980 : actes du congrés : Helsinki 1978
This study analyzes how the socioeconomic positions of cohabiting partners affect the transition to marriage by using information on both partners characteristics. The study uses a register-based data set compiled at Statistics Finland. The study population consists of 3,648 women born in 1966-1971 who were in a cohabiting union in January 1996, and who continued to cohabit or married their cohabiting partner during the period 1996-2003. Transition to marriage was analyzed with Cox regression model. Several control variables were included. As in previous studies, a favourable socioeconomic position encouraged marriage, as marriage rate increased with higher levels of education and income. Partners relative positions also had importance, since marriage rate was low when the female partner had high and the male partner low income, and the male partners unemployment discouraged marriage especially when the female partner had no unemployment. Marriage rate was low when both partners were studying .
Indifferent Gender Preferences among Childless Beijing Citizens
Finnish yearbook of population research 2007-2008.. 43
"In 2050, the population in all the Nile Basin countries is expected to be ten times higher than it was in 1950. This will put ever increasing pressure on water as a resource for development. The Nile Basin catchment area is shared by 11 countries covering about one-tenth of the African continent. Globally, around 70 per cent of fresh water consumption is used in agriculture. This puts the spotlight on future scenarios regarding food production: will there be enough water for food security in the Nile Basin countries? In this Current African Issues publication, water scarcity and food security are analysed from a range of perspectives. What are the future predictions regarding population increase and climate change, and how will these affect development in Nile Basin countries? What are the current water theories addressing the above issues, and what are the main challenges the Nile Basin countries will face in a context that is also strongly shaped by its history?" --Publisher's description.
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 36, 2000
GIS for health organizations
Cohabiting Partners Socioeconomic Characteristics and the Transition to Marriage in Finland
Finnish yearbook of population research
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 49
The demographic structures and settlement patterns of Finland have evolved during the past 10,000 years. During this time the population has grown to its present size of almost 5.2 million through phases of fast and slow increase, and occasional periods of decrease.Changes in the settlement pattern have accompanied the population growth. From the twelfth to the middle of the twentieth century, the general trend was a continuous dispersion of settlement from the southern core areas. The most significant twentieth-century redistributions of the population happened in connection with the resettling of over 400,000 refugees after World War II, and the Great Move in the 1960s and 1970s from rural to urban areas and to Sweden.Finland remained a predominantly rural country until the 1960s. Structural changes within primary production and an increasingly international economy set into motion a regional concentration of the population. Today over 80 percent of the population lives in densely built areas covering only 2.2 percent of the land area.The population's age structure and the current level of natural reproduction will lead to a fast population decrease beginning in the 2020s. The work force will decrease from 2010 onward. These demographic problems will damage the future economy and competitiveness of Finland, unless immigration is encouraged and actively supported.
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
Family demography : methods and their application
Väestöntutkimuksen vuosikirja = Yearbook of population research in Finland. 1971, 12
This paper considers the effect of income on the risk of having the first births in Sweden from 1968 to 2009. Variations by gender are given particular atention. The study follows men and women from the moment they turn 18 until they enter parenthood and it is based on register-based data covering the entire population of Sweden. Complementary log-log models show that there is a positive association between income and the risk of childbearing. The association gets stronger over time and the differences between men and women diminish. Gender differences appear when the income effect is related to the demand for work in the economy. An income above the median does not increase the risk of childbearing for women when the demand for work is relatively high.
Well-being in Japanese society : challenges of the long living nation
Finnish yearbook of population research. 42.
Households, employment, and gender : a social, economic, and demographic view
Bibliography of Finnish population research 1999
Population and society : a sociological perspective
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 41, 2005
Water scarcity and food security along the Nile : politics, population increase and climate change
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 37, 2001
Three Years of Networking: a Personal History of NIEPS
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 48
Well-being in Finland: A comparison of municipalities and residential differentiation in two cities
Environment and the developing world : principles, policies and management
Bibliography of Finnish population research 1995-1998
Mortality and health policy : proceedings of the expert group on mortality and health policy, Rome, 30 May to 3 June 1983.
Aging in society : selected reviews on recent research
Son preference, leading to skewed sex ratios at birth, is an important feature of contemporary Chinese demography, as well as being a critical policy issue. Using a 2006 representative survey, this article explores preferences for boys and girls among childless young adults in a district of Beijing who have a stated one child as their ideal number of children (though they may be eligible to bear more). The descriptive analysis finds no evidence of son-preference; rather an overall indifference to gender. A multivariate analysis provides some indicative evidence of indifference regarding predictors of desiring a girl, a boy or either. gs.
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 34, 1997
The life project : the extraordinary story of our ordinary lives
Geography and longevity : a demographic study on Sardinian centenarians
Yearbook of population research in Finland 2004.. 40
Demogeographical analysis of Slovakia
Hearing among older adults–an epidemiological study
Aging and society. Vol. 2, Aging and the professions
T. R. Malthus : the unpublished papers in the collection of Kanto Gakuen University. Vol. 1
Finnish yearbook of population research. XLVIII, 2013
Understanding and using tuberculosis data
Making population geography
Gender differences in the occurrence, prognosis and risk factor control of cardiovascular disease
Demographic patterns in developed societies
All the five Nordic countries have a long tradition in health statistics and health monitoring. The cornerstone of the national health information systems is register information. There are, for example, complete population-based registration of births and deaths, cancers, hospital care, and medication (Cappelen and Lysol 2004, Gissler and Haukka. 2004, Mortensen 2004, Otterblad Olausson et al. 2004). The main prerequisites for a functioning register system are its completeness and high quality. These are facilitated by the Nordic legislation allowing mandatory reporting from public and private sector without informed consent and the existence of unique person identity number system. .
Non-response and information bias in population-based psychiatric research : the Northern Finland 1966 Birth Cohort study
Measurement of physical functioning in comprehensive national health surveys : International Classification of Functioning, Disability, and Health, ICF as framework
Concern over the future of the nation : a discourse analytical study on changes in Russian demographic policy in the years 2000-2010
Socialist population politics : the political implications of demographic trends in the USSR and Europe
Bibliography of Finnish population studies 2007-2009
Somatization in young adults:the Northern Finland 1966 Birth Cohort Study
Overcrowded world? : global population and international migration
Aging and society. 3, A sociology of age stratification
Exercise testing in the prediction of cardiovascular diseases and mortality : a prospective population study in men
International population conference : solicited papers, Manila 1981 = Congrès international de la population : communications sollicitees, Manila 1981. Vol. 5.
Vital events : past, present and future of the Dutch population
Somatization in young adults : the Northern Finland 1966 birth cohort study
The Road to Parenthood: Income and First Births in Sweden
La science de la population au service de l'homme : conference sur la science au service de la vie, Vienne 1979 = Population science in the service of mankind : conference on science in the servive of life, Vienna 1979.
Formal demography
Demography of the Skolt Lapps in Northern Finland
Demography : the science of population
The demography of racial and ethnic groups
Bibliography of Finnish Population Studies 2010.
Malthus, 200 years since the First Essay
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 32, 1994-1995
Disordered gambling in Finland : epidemiology and a current treatment option
Multiagency collaboration is seen as an essential way of working to promote the two-way integration of newcomers and a receiving society. The term multiagency collaboration underlines the diversity of actors in cooperation. Cross-sectorial networks are mentioned in higher strategies as well as in the local programmes or plans for action. But how is multiagency work structured at the local level? This article looks at the examples of multiagency collaboration in the written documents of local integration programmes in the Finnish context. The examples are chosen from different areas. It seems that collaboration is widely emphasized as a goal or a working method. Whereas expertise in integration work is relatively novel in Finland, more analytical awareness of multiagency collaboration could support learning in networks and developing hybrid practices in this emerging field of knowledge.
Bibliography of Finnish Population Studies 2000.
International population conference, New Delhi 1989 = Congrès international de la population, La Nouvelle Delhi 1989. Vol. 2.
International handbook of population aging
Bibliography of Finnish population recearch, 1965-1968
Population : an introduction to concepts and issues
There is a lack of studies on the association between labour force participation and abortion. This study examined how the likelihood of having an abortion depends on being employed, unemployed, student or outside the workforce using Finnish register data from three birth cohorts (born in 1955-59, 1965-69 and 1975-79) of nearly 260,000 women. The results differed depending on whether all women or only pregnant women were studied and on the cohort analysed. Unemployed women had a high likelihood of abortion when all women were studied, but among pregnant women students had the highest likelihood. The direction and strength of the association varied by relationship status, age, and parity. The results show that the likelihood of abortion depends on women's economic position. More studies on contraceptive use and pregnancy intentions in Finland are needed to identify the mechanisms behind these findings.
Registration of Births and Induced Abortions in the Nordic Countries
Diet, body adiposity and cardiometabolic risk in a population sample of primary school children
In agrarian economies arable land is the most important form of property and productive resource, so that access to land defines the political and social status of a member of society. This paper examines changes in property and particularly land use rights in North-Central Namibia, paying special reference to gender inequality in access to land. The problem is approached by exploring the coping strategies of widowed and divorced persons after the dissolution of their marriage. Where property rights and gender inequality have traditionally been investigated on the basis of administrative records, survey data or oral information, this paper approaches such problems from a new perspective, through life histories of the Christian population transcribed from parish registers of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Namibia. Linking of the parish register data to anthropological, ethnographic, socio-economic and cultural information markedly widens our scope for discussing rights over communal lands. The paper shows that remarriage was a real solution for many widows and divorced women in the 1930s and 1940s if they were at the best childbearing age. A dramatic decrease in the remarriage rate occurred from the mid-1950s onwards, however, which was related to socio-economic changes in society.
Purposes of this study were to provide some much-needed information concerning the occupational status and experience of the deaf - a subject important both to deaf persons and to those who work with them as teachers, councelors or employers, or in other capacities. And to stimulate additional research, focused on more specific problems and more intensive in character than that reported here, bearing not only on occupational conditions but also on other related aspects of the life of the deaf.
In the present paper we investigate how fatherhood influences childbirth in the second union of men in three European countries. We use data from the first wave of the Generations and Gender Survey for France (2005), Norway (2007/8) and Hungary (2004/5) and we apply piecewise exponential event history models. The analysis complements earlier literature by focusing on men, taking a comparative perspective, looking at change over time, considering both cohabiting and marital unions, and also differentiating between the effects of non-residential and (part- or full-time) residential fatherhood.    Findings show that the probability of childbearing in the second union is the lowest if both partners already have child(ren) and highest if neither of them are parents. However we found different results if only one of the partners has pre-union children in the three countries. Findings are discussed in view of demographic trends, family and gender role attitudes, and relevant family policies.
Ethnic and social stratification in peninsular Malaysia
Occupational conditions among the deaf : a report on a national survey conducted by Gallaudet College and the National Association of the Deaf
International population conference : solicited papers, Manila 1981 = Congrès international de la population : communications sollicitees, Manila 1981. Vol. 3.
Demographic transition theory
Emerging Joint Expertise? Multiagency Collaboration Described in Local Integration Programmes in Finland
