http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11443 gainful employment at home
gainful employment at home
Taking work home : labour dynamics of women industrial homeworkers in Sweden during the second industrial revolution
Women's hidden work and agengy in Calcutta
Families in today's world : a comparative approach
The global political economy of the household in Asia
What is an anti-sexist living arrangement? The family (and women's position in it) has been a major topic of feminist theory and politics. Yet, despite exhortations to change the family or to form alternatives to it, there has been little research on women's attempts to put feminist politics into practice in their domestic lives. This text draws on interviews with women and men in explicitly anti-sexist living agreements, and gives information about how some women (and men) have tried to make their domestic lives less oppressive. The author provides a new perspective on the division of domestic labour, mothering, marriage and financial allocation in the home, and explores the relationship between home and work. Offering a feminist sociological answer to the question "what is an anti-sexist living arrangement?", this book is intended to be of use as a resource not only to feminists, but to anyone interested in the impact of feminism on family life. Written in an accessible style, this book will be of interest to all heterosexual women trying to make their private lives match their political ideals.
Homeworking Women provides an up-to-date overview of all types of home-based work. The authors argue that homeworking replicates wider divisions in the labor force and that its potential for improving women's employment opportunities is therefore limited. Drawing on original research, they outline the advantages and disadvantages, the pay and conditions, and family situations for contemporary women homeworkers. Gender, racism, and ethnicity are shown to be key factors in constructing the homeworking labor force. The authors acknowledge the shared position that homeworkers occupy as women, as well as the clear differences experienced by clerical, manufacturing, and professional homeworkers, and question whether new technology in itself can be the way forward to a better paid, less onerous form of homeworking.
Starting a business from home : choosing a business, getting online, reaching your market and making a profit
The global construction of gender
Homeworking women : gender, racism and class at work
Gendered practices in working life
Home-based work and time : flexibility in the everyday lives of Finnish homeworkers
Heterosexual women changing the family : refusing to be a 'wife'!
Work/family interface : perspectives and solutions : a literature review
Three decades of working conditions : findings of Finnish Quality of Work Life Surveys 1977-2008
In work, at home : towards an understanding of homeworking
Family : critical concepts in sociology. 2 : Family and gender issues
Time use changes in Finland through the 2000s
Essays on household behavior and time-use
European marketing data and statistics 2001.
Women's working lives : patterns and strategies
Studies on human capital flows and spatial labour markets
Regular, honest and diligent lives : female life histories in a Tuscan town
Conflict and concord in work and family : family policies and individuals' subjective experiences
Work-family interface and psychological well-being : a personality and longitudinal perspective
The laptop millionaire : how anyone can escape the 9 to 5 and make money online
Opportunities, constraints and constrained opportunities : a study on mothers' working time patterns in 22 European countries
99 businesses to start at home : [Inspiring ideas for a new working life]
Homeworkers in global perspective : invisible no more
Shaping structural change in Finland : the role of women
Women and home-based work : the unspoken contract
Post-unemployment wages and economic incentives to exit from unemployment
