http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11456 student life
student life
Feedback from Metropolia graduates : studying in an English Degree Program as an Immigrant and their Road to Working Life
The night climbers
After we collided
"Student Engagement in Higher Education fills a longstanding void in the higher education and student affairs literature. In the fully revised and updated edition of this important volume, the editors and chapter contributors explore how diverse populations of students experience college differently and encounter group-specific barriers to success. Informed by relevant theories, each chapter focuses on engaging a different student population, including: low-income students, students of color, international students, students with disabilities, LGBT students, religious minority students, student-athletes, homeless students, transfer students, commuter and part-time students, adult learners, student veterans, and graduate students. The forward-thinking, practical strategies offered throughout the book are based on research and the collected professional wisdom of experienced educators and scholars at two-year and four-year institutions of higher education. Current and future faculty, administrators, and student affairs staff will undoubtedly find this book complete with fresh ideas to reverse troubling engagement trends among various college student populations. "--
Presents an analysis of the new sexual landscape faced by girls in today's high schools and colleges, revealing hidden truths, hard lessons, and important possibilities in girls' modern-world sex lives.
Declining by degrees : higher education at risk
A certain smile
The Utopian society
Cherry
Upstairs at the party
Brotherhood : gay life in college fraternities
Kitchen Princess. 7
College and life : problems of self-discovery and self-direction
The secret history
Feedback from Metropolia graduates: studying in an English Degree Program as an Immigrant  and their Road to Working Life
Kitchen Princess. 2
The best years of your life
Student engagement in higher education : theoretical perspectives and practical approaches for diverse populations
Kitchen Princess. 4
I was here
Muslim American women on campus : undergraduate social life and identity
Eurostudent report 2005 : social and economic conditions of student life in Europe 2005 : synopsis of indicatiors for Austria, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Portugal, Spain, The Netherlands and United Kingdom (England and Wales)
Nothing more
Doctoral studies in global time and change - female doctoral student and individual lifecourse in Finland
The ghost apple : a novel
Social and economic conditions of student life in Europe : synopsis of indicators : Eurostudent v 2012-2015
Delta-jengi = National Lampoon's Animal house
The experience of studying abroad for exchange students in Europe : research report
Getting ahead as an international student
The dinosaur feather
The outline of love
Grey : fifty shades of Grey as told by Christian
Students' Perceptions of Forest Industries Business Ethics - A Comparative Analysis of Finland and the USA
After studying abroad
Revolution 2020 : love, corropution, ambition
Blue mountain state. Season one
Villimpi Pohjola = Northern overexposure
Pupil-related psychosocial factors, school setting, and teacher sick leave : a collaborative data study
All my sisters
Observations of the student life in Norway
The rehearsal
The invisible bridge
Vanity of Duluoz : an adventurous education, 1935-1946
Innovation management : strategies, implementation and profits
The marriage plot
"Shabana Mir's powerful ethnographic study of women on Washington, D.C., college campuses reveals that being a young female Muslim in post-9/11 America means experiencing double scrutiny--scrutiny from the Muslim community as well as from the dominant non-Muslim community. Muslim American Women on Campus illuminates the processes by which a group of ethnically diverse American college women, all identifying as Muslim and all raised in the United States, construct their identities during one of the most formative times in their lives. Mir, an anthropologist of education, focuses on key leisure practices--drinking, dating, and fashion--to probe how Muslim American students adapt to campus life and build social networks that are seamlessly American, Muslim, and youthful. In this lively and highly accessible book, we hear the women's own often poignant voices as they articulate how they find spaces within campus culture as well as their Muslim student communities to grow and assert themselves as individuals, women, and Americans. Mir concludes, however, that institutions of higher learning continue to have much to learn about fostering religious diversity on campus"--
Lost in transnation : towards an intercultural dimension on campus
Villimpi Pohjola = [Northern overexposure]. 2
Kitchen Princess. 5
Part-time work, part-time studies : the effects of working alongside studying at the Department of Languages in the University of Jyväskylä
Abstract: The purpose of this study was to conduct an evaluation study based on the feedback from former students with immigrant background of the English Degree Program in Social Services (DPSS) with the help of interviews. The idea of the evaluation was to harness what elements in the curriculum of the degree program had been useful during the studies and for later working life. The evaluation study was divided into three parts including their feedback on the study curriculum, studying in a multicultural environment and experiences on the process towards working life. A qualitative approach was used in carrying out the study. Semi structured interviews were used in collecting data. The study was focused on the individuals experiences and personal opinions in order for it to be able to provide a detailed feedback for the working life partner. Former students of the English degree program with immigrant background were contacted and six interviews were used for this study including two teacher interviews. The findings showed that the curriculum and the multicultural study environment generally played a supportive role for the former students of the DPSS. Work placements were regarded as the most beneficial element of the curriculum regarding employment opportunities in Finland. In conclusion, the results indicate that although there was a certain amount of dissatisfaction regarding the English language skills used in teaching, students were generally satisfied. The students were mainly motivated about getting a bachelor's certificate since they knew that the degree program will provide them one.
After
netpub.efist : Eastern Finland international summer term magazine
Brotherhood
The international student's survival guide : : how to get the most from studying at a UK university. Gareth Davey
How to integrate international students into private and business life in Ylivieska region
Boys in white : student culture in medical school
Business ethics: Are accounting students aware? A Cross-cultural study of four countries
Practical skills, education and development : Vocational education and training in Finland
Ridicule and politics : Uppsala student carnivals in the 1840's
The role of university sports federations in enhancing student sports : a comparative case study between Portugal and Finland
Oxbridge men : British masculinity and the undergraduate experience, 1850-1920
Everybody wants some!!
Masculinity, autocracy and the Russian university, 1804-1863
Atlantic film comedy collection 2
Kitchen princess. 2
Kitchen princess. 1
National Lampoon's Animal house
Interaction of physical activity, diet, health locus of control and quality of life among Finnish university students
Applicants in a real-life selection context : their personality types, reactions to the process, and faking
Elementary education students' memories of mathematics in family context
Kitchen Princess. 6
Online social networking on campus : understanding what matters in student culture
Challenging racism in higher education
"Shabana Mir's powerful ethnographic study of women on Washington, D.C., college campuses reveals that being a young female Muslim in post-9/11 America means experiencing double scrutiny--scrutiny from the Muslim community as well as from the dominant non-Muslim community. Muslim American Women on Campus illuminates the processes by which a group of ethnically diverse American college women, all identifying as Muslim and all raised in the United States, construct their identities during one of the most formative times in their lives"--
Girls & sex : navigating the complicated new landscape
Once upon a time, in small-town India, there lived two intelligent boys. One wanted to use his intelligence to make money. One wanted to use his intelligence to create a revolution. The problem was, they both loved the same girl. Welcome to Revolution 2020. A story about childhood friends Gopal, Raghav and Aarti who struggle to find success and love in Varanasi. However, it isn?t easy to achieve this in an unfair society that rewards the corrupt. As Gopal gives in to the system, and Raghav fights it, who will win?
An education
The magicians
Kitchen Princess. 1
Kitchen Princess. 3
