http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11445 volume (derived quantities)
volume (derived quantities)
The effect of total peat nitrogen on the height and volume of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) stands in three fertilized and drained peatlands in northern Finland
Effects of maintaining ditch networks on the development of Scots pine stands
The structure of natural Douglas-fir forests in Western Washington and Western Oregon
The measurement of roundwood : methodologies and conversion ratios
Differences in growth and wood density traits in Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) genetic entries grown at different spacing and sites
Expanding the indications for the use of levosimendan : clinical studies in adult patients and experiments in pigs
Perception of mechanical factors in breathing
Taper curve and volume functions for pine, spruce and birch
The effect of repeated fertilizations on volume growth and needle nutrient concentrations of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) on a drained pine mire
The effect of topography on the volume of forest growing stock
Wood science prerequisites for the weight measurement of pine and spruce logs.
Magnetic resonance imaging of the hemodynamic and cerebrovascular sequelae of traumatic brain injury, ischemic stroke, and status epilepticus in rats
Biomass equations for Acacia reficiens, A. zanzibarica and Prosopis juliflora, and volume equations for Eucalyptus camaldulensis and Terminalia brownii
Calculation system for large-scale forest inventory
Mass and volume comparison at MIKES : additional results to the EA intercomparison of weights 1 mg - 100 g (Ma1) and to the Euromet intercomparison of ceramic spheres (Euromet 339)
Calibration of the tree size distributions by combining the area-based approach and the individual tree detection using the airborne laser scanning
Long-term effects of apatite and biotite on the nutrient status and stand growth of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) on drained peatlands
Timber sale program annual report : fiscal year 1992 : forest level information
The effect on stand development of different spacing after planting and precommercial thinning in Norway spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karst.) and Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) stands
Relationalism about space is a venerable doctrine that is enjoying renewed attention among philosophers and physicists. Relationalists deny that space is ontologically prior to matter and seek to ground all claims about the structure of space in facts about actual and possible configurations of matter. Thus, many relationalists maintain that to say that space is infinite is to say that certain sorts of infinite arrays of material points are possible (even if, in fact, the world contains only a finite amount of matter). Gordon Belot investigates the distinctive notion of geometric possibility that relationalists rely upon. He examines the prospects for adapting to the geometric case the standard philosophical accounts of the related notion of physical possibility, with particular emphasis on Humean, primitivist, and necessitarian accounts of physical and geometric possibility. This contribution to the debate concerning the nature of space will be of interest not only to philosophers and metaphysicians concerned with space and time, but also to those interested in laws of nature, modal notions, or more general issues in ontology.
The secrets of ancient corn measures : hidden and forgotten space geometry
The boreal timber- and tree-line forests grow in harsh environmental conditions in their outermost distribution limit. Here even small environmental changes may cause dramatic changes in the distribution of tree species. We examined changes of the forest lines of Norway spruce (Picea abies (L.) H. Karst.) and Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) in Finnish Lapland five times during 1983-2009. We monitored the number of stems and the volume of the growing stock in thirteen different locations in forest-line areas. The linear temporal trends and the variations of these response variables were used as indicators of a possible change during the study period. Spruce showed a significant increase both in the volume of the growing stock (up to 40% increase) and in the total stem number (up to 100% increase). A significant increase in the volume of the growing stock was observed in the pine data as well (up to 70% increase), whereas the stem number stagnated or even decreased. The results suggest that spruce needs favourable conditions to have an abundant regeneration, but after the establishment the seedlings seem to be more resistant against biotic and abiotic disturbances than pine seedlings. The increasing stand volume might result in a climate-related northward and upward extension of forests in the future. However, our results show that responses in the boreal forest line are species and location specific and a more favourable climate does not necessarily lead to an advance of the coniferous forest line..
Growth and wood property traits in narrow crowned Norway spruce (Picea abies f. pendula) clones grown in southern Finland
Effect of pruning on tree growth, yield, and wood properties of Tectona grandis plantations in Costa Rica
Mixed estimation in calibration of volume functions of Scots pine
The laboratory companion : a practical guide to materials, equipment, and technique
Left atrial appendage volume in acute stroke
Quantifying changes of the coniferous forest line in Finnish Lapland during 1983-2009
Volumetric estimation of structures and lesions of the respiratory, reproductive and central nervous systems
Generalisation of sample tree data - case permanent sample plots
Havutukkien painomittauksen edellytyksiä puutieteelliseltä kannalta = Wood science prerequisites for the weight measurement of pine and spruce logs
Calculation of wood volume and stem taper using terrestrial single-image close-range photogrammetry and contemporary software tools
Evaluation of cardiovascular risk by electrocardiographic variables : focus on heart rate and genetic variants of cardiac repolarization
Cut-off importance sampling of bole volume
Desperate measures : lenght, area ans volume
Digital horizontal tree measurements for forest inventory
Use of remotely sensed auxiliary data for improving sample-based forest inventories
Volume functions and tables for Pinus oocarpa, Pinus merkusii and Pinus michoacana in Zambia
Abstract: Construction of regional volyme models for Namibian national forest inventory.
Anticipating the variance of predicted stand volume and timber assortments with respect to stand characteristics and field measurements
Sahatun puutavaran tilavuustaulukoita : (Metreistä kuutiometreiksi millimetrimitoin) = Tabeller för kubikinnehåll av sågat virke : (Från meter till kubikmeter i millimetermått) = Tables of cubic contents of sawn timber : (From metres into cubic metres in millimetre measure)
The prediction of single-tree biomass, logging recoveries and quality attributes with laser scanning techniques
Assessing stem qualities and using dynamic programming to predict log-product volumes in inventory
Volume functions and tables for Pinus kesiya (Royle ex Gordon) in Zambia
Pyöreän puutavaran tilavuustaulukoita = Rundvirkeskuberaren cubature of round timber
Forest resources on Olkiluoto island
Appendices of East Usambara forests and forestry
A method for estimating the volume and taper curve of tree stem and for preparing volume functions and tables
Summary.
Tree volume estimation and sample tree selection in the Swiss NFI
Biomass and stem volume equations for tree species in Europe
Image segmentation in multi-source forest inventory
Guidance for tree measurement in tropical forest ecosystems using non-destructive sampling to develop stem biomass and volume models
Differences in growth and wood properties between narrow and normal crowned types of Norway spruce grown at narrow spacing in southern Finland
Airway mechanics of mice and men
Studies on hemodynamics and coagulation in neuroanesthesia
Construktion of regional volume models for Namibian national forest inventory
Generalizing sample tree information with semiparametric and parametric models
Geometric possibility
Evaluation of growth models used in the Swedish Forest Planning System Heureka
McGraw-Hill's pocket guide to spirometry
Airway responsiveness and inflammation in young children with respiratory symptoms
Practical surveying and computations
Reliability of foliar analyses of Norway spruce stands in a Nordic gradient
Two-stage and three-stage sampling strategies to estimate aggregate bole volume in the forest
Cardiovascular abnormalities after non-traumatic intracranial hemorrhage
Response of seedbed physical properties, soil N and cereal growth to peat application during transition to conservation tillage
Sample trees in timber volume estimation
On non-circularity of tree stem cross-sections : effect of diameter selection on cross-section area estimation, Bitterlich sampling and stem volume estimation in Scots pine
Feasibility of terrestrial laser scanning for plotwise forest inventories
