http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11408 ability to write
ability to write
Literacy lessons for a digital world : using blogs, wikis, podcasts, and more to meet the demands of the common core
New approaches to medieval communication
Spelling : approaches to teaching and assessment
Children's writing : perspectives from research
This collection attempts to set the study of literacy in the ancient world in the wider contexts of the debates among anthropologists over the impact of writing on society. Was writing a revolutionary innovation, prompting or participating in social change, or a fundamentally repressive and disciplinary technology? The book consists of a series of studies ranging over the whole of the Mediterranean world and much of northern Europe during a period of more than a millennium (c. 600 BC–AD 800). The areas examined include Pharaonic and Hellenistic Egypt, Persia and the Near East, Judaea, classical Greece, and the Roman and the Byzantine empires. Each of the contributors investigates, in his or her particular area of expertise, the changing roles of writing in history, in particular the extent to which writing played an active role in historical change in antiquity.
Transforming future teachers' ideas about writing instruction
Language teaching in grades 1 and 2
The Pericope Adulterae, the Gospel of John, and the literacy of Jesus
Prospects are changing for individuals with hearing loss. Infants and toddlers discovered to be deaf or hard of hearing can be aided or implanted with state-of-the-art technology, and the people in the children?s lives can learn to enrich and accentuate their access to sound and help them learn to listen. These children can learn more than one spoken language and can learn to read, write, sing, and play musical instruments. Deafness in all its audiogrammatic forms can be treated in one way or another. Unless someone chooses deafness for a particular child, no child needs to remain in silence or even in partial sound. This book is about learning to listen and speak in order to learn to read and write. It deals with the evidence of persistent low literacy levels in many individuals with hearing loss and with evidence of higher literacy levels in those with hearing loss who have learned to listen. At a time when technology is racing along to produce ever better access to sound, this book attempts to pull together the dominant literacy research done in the ?hearing world? and apply it to the world of the deaf and hard of hearing who can now experience all sorts of sound. The author makes the argument that helping a child learn to listen is the best insurance that he or she will learn to read and write. It comes from both a research-based and a personal point of view.
The dimensions of writing
Functional illiteracy and adult basic education in the Netherlands
Literacy : an introduction
Gnys at wrk : a child learns to write and read
Writing your first play
Bilingualism and Literacy concerning Deafness and Deaf-blindness : proceedings of an International Workshop 10th-13th November 1994
Literacy and your deaf child : what every parent should know
Dimensions of literacy : a conceptual base for teaching reading and writing in school settings
Writing Indians : literacy, Christianity, and native community in early America
Literacy and power in the ancient world
Written language and literacy
Literacy : major themes in education. 3 : Writing : processes and teaching
Writing and scripts : history and techniques
Literacy Theories for the Digital Age insightfully brings together six essential approaches to literacy research and educational practice. The book provides powerful and accessible theories for readers, including Socio-cultural, Critical, Multimodal, Socio-spatial, Socio-material and Sensory Literacies. The brand new Sensory Literacies approach is an original and visionary contribution to the field, coupled with a provocative foreword from leading sensory anthropologist David Howes. This dynamic collection explores a legacy of literacy research while showing the relationships between each paradigm, highlighting their complementarity and distinctions.
New horizons for research in handwriting : report
Tell me how it reads : tutoring deaf and hearing students in the writing center
Afrikan alphabets : the story of writing in Afrika
Primary writing
The genesis of the alphabet and its development in the second millenium B. C.
The story of writing
Handwriting : theory, research and practice
Ladders to literacy : a kindergarten activity book
The effect of computer-assisted letter-sound correspondence training on learning to read in Zambia
Literacy in theory and practice
Spelling, handwriting and dyslexia : overcoming the barriers to learning
Losing our language : how multicultural classroom instruction is undermining our children's ability to read, write, and reason
Cognition, computers and creative writing
Writing in schools : study guide
Early years non-fiction : a guide to helping young researchers use and enjoy information texts
Literacy through play
Low-educated second language and literacy acquisition : proceedings of the 8th symposium
Writing in schools : reader
Proceedings of the 18th International Congress on Education of the Deaf : Volume I
The power of pictures : creating pathways to literacy through art, grades K-6
Assessing foreign language listening comprehension by means of the multiple-choice format : processes and products
During the 1995 ICED papers on education of deaf and hard of hearing children in developing countries were presented within the general fifteen different issues around which the Congress was organized. For the purpose of the publication of the Proceedings, a special section was added which specifically deals with cross-cultural perspectives and international issues. .
Orality and literacy in early Christianity
Literacy in medieval Celtic societies
Promoting children's learning from birth to five : developing the new early years professional
Pathways to literacy
Learning English informally through authentic literacy practices : a case study of Finnish 8th grade students
Communicate in writing : a functional approach to writing through reading comprehension
The present book is a collection of papers based on presentations made at the International Workshop on Bilingualism and Literacy Concerning Deafness and Deaf-blindness, which took place at Skådalen Resource Centre for Special Education of the Hearing Impaired and the Deaf-blind, Oslo, on November 10-13, 1994. The workshop was organized as part of the preparatory phase of the research project The development of Communication and Linguistic Competence in Deaf and Deaf-blind Children. The contributors to the book have their backgrounds in education, psychology, linguistics, and sociology. Some are primarily researchers, others are primarily practitioners in the fields of deaf education and deaf-blind education. The book addresses itself primarily to everybody who takes an interest in the communicative and educational issues concerning deafness and/or deaf-blindness. Some of the papers take a more general perspective on these issues.
Forgotten scripts : the story of their decipherment
"This book studies everyday writing practices among ordinary people in a poor rural society in the 19th and early 20th centuries. Using the abundance of handwritten material produced, disseminated and consumed some centuries after the advent of print as its research material, the book's focus is on its day-to-day usage and on 'minor knowledge,' i.e., text matter originating and rooted primarily in the everyday life of the peasantry"--Provided by publisher.
The use and abuse of the english language
A cross-cultural study of computer literacy among the academic olympians
Early literacy development in deaf children
Understanding phonics and the teaching of reading : critical perspectives
Literacy and paideia in ancient Greece
Rethinking writing
IB upper secondary school and national upper secondary school students' attitudes towards English oral skills : a comparative study
Migrants and Literacy Crises
Learning to be literate : multilingual perspectives
Literacy : major themes in education. 2 : Reading : processes and teaching
This paper provides an overview of the GraphoGame method. Both theoretical and methodological aspects related to the method are presented. The method's guiding principles are based on the prevailing theories and experimental research findings on learning and teaching basic reading skills in alphabetic languages, especially from the point of view of a struggling reader. Because the nature of the target language and its relation to its writing system play central roles in the GraphoGame method, this approach requires the method to be flexible in order to be valid for learners of different languages and orthographies. Thus, the aim of the developed technology is to provide an appropriate reading support tool for all learners—from struggling learners to typical learners—in any language environment. We present an overview of results gained from GraphoGame intervention studies as well as challenges for the usability of the method.
The book before printing  : ancient, medieval and oriental
Writing : teachers and children at work
Teaching writing that matters : tools and projects that motivate adolescent writers
Kidwatching : documenting children's literacy development
Assessment is instruction : reading, writing, spelling, and phonics for all learners
New horizons for research in handwriting : report of the Invitational Conference on Research in Handwriting held at the University of Wisconsin, October, 1961
The effect of using computer literate game in the teaching of reading literacy skills in Zambia
Teaching grammar, punctuation and spelling in primary schools
Writing in the disciplines : a reader for writers
Lessons for guided writing : grades 5 & up : whole-class lessons and dozens of student samples with teacher comments to effectively scaffold the writing process
Writing : the story of alphabets and scripts
More write dance : extending development of write dance for children age 4-8
Writing mature prose : the mastery of sentence structure
Scribal culture and the making of the Hebrew Bible
The history of the Jesus movement and earliest Christianity requires careful attention to the characteristics and peculiarities of oral and literate traditions. Understanding the distinctive elements of Greco-Roman literacy potentially has profound implications for the historical understanding of the documents and events involved. Concepts such as media criticism, orality, manuscript culture, scribal writing, and performative reading are explored in these chapters. The scene of Greco-Roman literacy is analyzed by investigating writing and reading practices. These aspects are then related to early Christian texts such as the Gospel of Mark and sections from Paul's letters.
How children learn to write : supporting and developing children's writing in schools
Learning to write effectively : current trends in European research
Learning to spell : research, theory, and practice across languages
Hearing and deafness : an introduction for health and education professionals
Word perfect : literacy in the computer age
Cognitive processes in writing
Language learning practices with deaf children
Writing to learn : strategies for assigning and responding to writing across the disciplines
Early literacy work with families : policy, practice and research
Writing : its evolution and relation to speech
Developing literacy : young children's use of language
Literacy in early childhood and primary education / : issues, challenges and solutions
One of the foremost authorities on the use of sign language with hearing children provides a guide for teachers and parents who want to introduce signing in hearing children's language development. Marilyn Daniels provides a complete explanation for its use, a short history of sign language and its primary role within the Deaf community, an identification of the steps to reading success delineated with suggestions for incorporating sign language, and the results of studies and reactions of children, teachers, and parents. She shows how sign language can be used to improve hearing children's English vocabulary, reading ability, spelling proficiency, self-esteem, and comfort with expressing emotions. Signing also facilitates communication, aids teachers with classroom management, and has been shown to promote a more comfortable learning environment while initiating an interest and enthusiasm for learning on the part of students.
Studies on the acquisition of handwriting : a motor programming approach
Literacy in the Roman world
Literacy : major themes in education. 1 : Literacy : its nature and its teaching
The writing classroom : aspects of writing and the primary child 3-1
Problem solving strategies for writing
Language and literacy development in children who are deaf
Spelling skills : acquisition, abilities, and reading connection
Language learners' seeking paths and strategies : one dimension of digital literacy
Teachers' conceptions of literacies during and after a school library development project
Writing extraordinary essays : every middle schooler can! : [strategies, lessons, and rubrics, plus proven tips for succeeding on tests]
Workplace English. 2
African literacies : ideologies, scripts, education
The measurement of writing ability
Egyptian hieroglyphs
ABC : the alphabetization of the popular mind
Literacy : reading, writing and children's literature
Africa is often depicted as the continent with the lowest literacy rates in the world. Moving beyond this essentialising representation, this volume explores African literacies within their complex and diverse multilingual and multiscriptal histories and contexts of use. The chapters examine contexts from the Maghreb to Mozambique and from Senegambia to the Horn of Africa and critically analyse multiple literacy genres and practices - from ancient manuscripts to instant messaging - in relation to questions of language-in-education and policy, livelihoods, Islamic scholarship, colonialism, translocal migration, and writing systems. As a whole, the book serves as an advanced introduction to language and society in Africa seen through the lens of literacy, and marks a unique contribution to scholarship in literacy studies offering a convenient collection of perspectives on and from Africa.
Learning to read : reciprocal processes and individual pathways
Literacy in nursery education
Does the literate game help 3rd and 4th grade Zambian children learn how to read
The new literacy : redefining reading and writing in the schools
Legal writing and drafting
Literacy theory in the age of the internet
The history and uncertain future of handwriting
Handwriting policy and practice in English primary schools
Intuitu fidelis servitii sui : Diplomatics and literacy, gender and politics in the medieval Low Countries. Selected essays
Learning and literacy in female hands, 1520-1698
Purposeful conferences, powerful writing! : strategies, tips, and teacher-student dialogues that really help kids improve their writing
The written world : studies in literate thought and action
The metamorphoses of writing : 5000 years of the history of writing
Workplace English
This text provides future and practicing teachers of deaf children with basic theoretical and research knowledge as well as specific principles and practices for fostering the development of language and reading. In this third edition of Language Learning Practices with Deaf Children, the authors have added a section on language assessment in Chapter 7 addressing high-stakes or large-scale testing and a new chapter on special programs, including ASLÐEnglish programs for children from multicultural homes and technology for language learning. An Appendix has been added with an annotated list of Internet Web sites that may be useful to teachers, parents, and preservice teachers as well as others interested in language practices with children who are deaf. Language Learning Practices with Deaf Children describes the variety of language development theories and practices that are used with deaf children, without advocating any particular approach. Chapters 1 and 2 cover some of the accepted facts and known problems of language acquisition and instruction with hearing and with deaf children. Implications for language development in deaf children are discussed. Chapter 3 is a history of instructional practices in language development with deaf children to show continuity between present and past practices and to illustrate the recurring cycles of major language development approaches with deaf children. Chapters 4, 5, and 8 detail the major approaches of the present time: natural methods, structural methods, and American Sign Language-English as a second language (ASLÐESL) as well as specialized programs for children from multicultural homes and technology as part of language learning. Chapter 6 discusses reading and writing, and Chapter 7 focuses on the assessment of language and progress monitoring of language development among school-aged children. Finally, Chapter 9 offers some reflection on the material in the book.
Grounded in classroom practice, this book shows trainees and current teachers how to scaffold children's literacy using a creative and supportive approach. It offers teaching strategies for Multiliteracies (fiction, expository/instructions, poetry, recount) and Multimodalities (reading, writing, speaking, listening, performing, illustrating) and helps to develop a relationship between teacher and learner. Chapter topics include: socio-dramatic play, collaboration,guided group teaching strategies, integration of genres.
Predicting writing skill development with word recognition and preschool readiness skills
Beginning writing
GraphoGame Method: The Theoretical and Methodological Background of the Technology-Enhanced Learning Environment for Learning to Read
The second edition of Language and Literacy Development in Children Who are Deaf provides the most current information about teaching language, reading, and writing to deaf children. Models and strategies are clearly described and supported by theory, current research, and numerous examples of how these models and strategies can be used in classrooms with deaf students. The book has been reorganized so teachers can easily follow how to assess a deaf child's current abilities in language and literacy, develop appropriate instructional goals, and choose from among a variety of effective teaching models and strategies. The second edition discusses issues related to American Sign Language, bilingual education techniques, incorporating technology into instruction, and developing balanced literacy programs for deaf children. Experienced teachers, novice teachers, and individuals becoming teachers of deaf children can use this information to develop a comprehensive language and literacy program for deaf students from preschool through high school. For anyone who teaches reading or language to deaf children, or who is involved in literacy development of deaf children.
The alphabet connection : a parent's and teacher's guide to beginning reading and writing
Adult literacy in the Third World : a review of objectives and strategies
Write dance in the early years
Literacy, language, and learning : the nature and consequences of reading and writing
The dawn of the written vernacular in Western Europe
The powers of literacy : a genre approach to teaching writing
Telling a different story : teaching and literacy in an urban preschool
Boosting learning in the primary classroom : occupational therapy strategies that really work with pupils
Bridging the literacy achievement gap, grades 4-12
Children's writing : a sampler for student teachers
Launching the writing workshop : a step-by-step guide in photographs
The 21st International Congress on the Education of the Deaf (ICED) witnessed revolutionary exchanges on the vital themes in education. Presenters addressed topics encompassing seven major strands: Educational Environments, Language and Literacy, Early Intervention, Unique Challenges in Developing Countries, Educating Learners with Diverse Needs, Technology in Education, and Sign Language and Deaf Culture. These presentations and ensuing dialogues raised many complex questions. Partners in Education: Issues and Trends from the 21st International Congress on the Education of the Deaf features all of the keynote addresses by renowned luminaries in deaf education: Breda Carty, Karen Ewing, Nassozi Kiyaga, John Luckner, Connie Mayer and Beverly Trezek, volume editor Donald F. Moores, Peter V. Paul, Antti Raike, Claudine Storbeck, James Tucker, and Alys Young. Most critically, the contributors to this collection explore the many multifaceted challenges facing the worlds deaf students. Deaf children are being diagnosed with overlays of disabilities; more deaf children are growing up in poverty; and many deaf children represent minority racial/ethnic groups or are immigrants to their country of residence. The situation for deaf individuals in the most impoverished countries of the world is desperate and of crisis proportions. This volume brings these themes to light through its exceptional synthesis of the outstanding discourse that took place at ICED 2010, including abstracts from 30 celebrated conference presentations.
The legacies of literacy : continuities and contradictions in Western culture and society
Teaching language and literacy : preschool through the elementary grades
Teaching visual literacy in the primary classroom : comic books, film, television and picture narratives
The reading-writing connection
Using multiliteracies and multimodalities to support young children's learning
Literacy in traditional societies
Promoting academic competence and literacy in school
How the Bible became a book : the textualization of ancient Israel
Dyslexia : a hundred years on
Literacy theories for the digital age : social, critical, multimodal, spatial, material and sensory lenses
Learning to read : the effect of orthography
Literacy and deafness : listening and spoken language
Kirjoituksen lumo : The metamorphoses of writing = Skriftens forvandlinger
Development of literacy in kindergarten and primary school
Linking literacies : perspectives on L2 reading-writing connections
Minor knowledge and microhistory : manuscript culture in the nineteenth century
All new 100 literacy hours : year 3
Dancing with words : signing for hearing children's literacy
Literacy in American schools : learning to read and write
Collaboration and writing
Spirits and letters : reading, writing and charisma in African Christianity
Partners in education : issues and trends from the 21st international congress on the education of the deaf
The effectiveness of short-term literacy skills intervention on children at risk of reading and writing difficulties in Tanzania : a study of grade one children with dynamic assessment approach
Literacy and learning : an expeditionary discovery through children's literature
Literacy : teaching and learning language skills
The reading-writing connection : ninety-seventh yearbook of the National Society for the Study of Education, part 2
Pages from the past : medieval writing skills and manuscript books
The continuity of learning disabilities : a follow-up study of nine young women with the history of dyslexia
Teaching adolescent writers
Literacy as involvement : the acts of writers, readers, and texts
Folklore and questions of literacy
Write on! : the writer's help book
Literacy and identity in early medieval Ireland
Minoan Linear A
Emerging literacy : young children learn to read and write
Text messaging and literacy - the evidence
A leg up : enhancing your child's reading and writing
Writing essays about literature : a guide and style sheet
Effective communication for the technical professions
L'Afrique et la lettre = Africa and the written word
Writing above standard : engaging workshop lessons that take standards to new heights and help kids become skilled, inspired writers
Ethical issues in literacy research
Studying in Comprehensive School with Low Second Language Writing Proficiency
Literacy and development in the West
The literacy dictionary : the vocabulary of reading and writing
A-B-C - shaping alphabets with methods of outdoor and multisensory learning
On a process-oriented approach to writing instruction and its application to English teaching in the upper secondary school : a pedagogical survey
The Oxford handbook of deaf studies in language
White Field, black seeds : Nordic literacy practices in the long nineteenth century
Preface : exploring the processes and practices in literacy in the Nordic countries
Reading/writing connections : learning from research
Kirjoituksen lumo = The metamorphoses of writing ; Con text
Literacy : major themes in education. 4 : New literacies : the impact of technology
