http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11416 local food
local food
Foraging for Nordic wild food : introducing Nordic island terroir
Cooperation and networking of small rural food processing firms in Finland : a possible measure to improve local food production
The new agritourism : hosting community and tourists on your farm
Grass-fed nation : getting back the food we deserve
Practical cookery
The Farm to table cookbook : the art of eating locally
Encyclopedia of organic, sustainable, and local food
The cooking of Middle-East
Food for thought : changing the world one bite at a time
Persiana : recipes from the Middle East & beyond
The ultimate guide to growing your own food : save money, live better, and enjoy life with food from your garden or orchard
The school food revolution : public food and the challenge of sustainable development
Food for thought : essays on eating and culture
Food and the Internet : proceedings of the 20th International Ethnological Food Research Conference, Department of Folklore and Ethnology, Institute of Ethnology and Cultural Anthropology, University of Lódz, Poland, 3.-6. September 2014
The new book of Middle Eastern food
Middle Eastern cooking
The Sandro Cookbook
Traditional Arabic cooking
Food tourism and regional development : networks, products and trajectories
The eastern Mediterranean in the age of Ramesses II
Cooking for climate : four seasons - four countries
Everyday practice of food consuming : a case study on a web based supply service
Possibilities for and economic consequences of switching to local ecological recycling agriculture
Restaurants' experiences of local food project : case study: Gastro Botnia - food culture
Local harvest sharing organizations : understanding the sharing model
The slow food story : politics and pleasure
The locavore's dilemma : in praise of the 10,000-mile diet
Analysis and profiles of potential online organic and locally produced food store consumers : case: Makumaku Ltd
From the pages of The Simple Things - the London-based home and lifestyle magazine dedicated to taking the time to live well - comes a lavishly illustrated collection that will help you slow down, enjoy what you have and make the most of where you live. This celebration of contemporary British home life presents readers with novel household ideas, simple entertaining and Do-It-Yourself advice, as well as scrumptious and hearty recipes and the best ways in which to share the bounty with friends and family.
Saha : a chef's journey through Lebanon and Syria
Taste, memory : forgotten foods, lost flavors and why they matter
New Persian cooking : a fresh approach to the classic cuisine of Iran
Helsinki food book
Local food and community development
New feast : modern Middle Eastern vegetarian
"This volume comprises original, empirically grounded chapters that collectively offer the most comprehensive study available to date on food security in the Middle East. The book starts with a theoretical framing of the phenomena of food security and food sovereignty and presents empirical case studies of Lebanon, Jordan, Palestine, Egypt, Yemen, the Persian Gulf states and Iran. Some of the major themes examined include the ascent and decline of various food regimes, urban agriculture, overseas agricultural land purchases, national food self-sufficiency strategies, distribution networks and food consumption patterns, and nutrition transitions and healthcare. Collectively, the chapters represent highly original contributions to the disciplines of political science, economics, agricultural studies, and healthcare policy"--
"This work brings together voices from a wide range of disciplines, providing a fascinating feast of scholarly perspectives on food and eating practices, contemporary and historic, local and global."--Provided by publisher.
The allotment cookbook
A book of Middle Eastern food
Alternative food networks : logistic activities in food-buying clubs’ supply chains
Bærekraftig økologisk veksthusproduksjon for fremtiden = Sustainable ecological greenhouse production for the future
African indigenous vegetables in urban agriculture
The earth care manual : a permaculture handbook for Britain & other temperate climates
Israeli cookery
Porta Palazzo : the anthropology of an Italian market
Obstacles and solutions in use of local and organic food
Eat smar - farm fresh! : a guide to buying and serving locally-grown produce in school meals
The legendary cuisine of Persia
Flavours of the Middle East : spiced and aromatic recipes from the ancient lands
Local food : how to make it happen in your community
The rough guide to food
State of the world 2011 : innovations that nourish the planet : a Worldwatch Institute report on progress toward a sustainable society
International Market Research of Local and Organic Food Market in Russia
Wilson and Wilson's comprehensive analytical chemistry. Vol. 60, Food protected designation of origin : methodologies and applications
Festive meals in ancient Israel : Deuteronomy's identity politics in their ancient Near Eastern context
Approaches to social sustainability in alternative food systems
Journey to the Middle East and Mediterranean with alluring recipes from Sabrina Ghayour, dubbed 'the golden girl of Persian Cookery' by The Observer, in the highly anticipated follow-up to her bestselling debut cookbook, Persiana. Sirocco highlights the use of simple pantry staples and striking flavor combinations to transform everyday dishes. From eye-catching salads to indulgent sweets, each of Ghayour's recipes is a vibrant addition to the modern home cook's table.
Shopped : the shocking power of British supermarkets
Juurista ammentaen = Vitality : from the root up
Local food & tourism international conference : Larnaka, Cyprus 9 - 11 November 2000.
Go slow Italy : special places to stay, slow travel and slow food
The aim of this thesis is to outline the special characteristics of small rural food-processing firms in Finland and find out the different ways they cooperate and network with each other. The emphasis is put on the value and significance of networking for the food-processing firms and how the networking could improve local food production.  The research is a qualitative research by the aid of expert interviews. It is carried out by interviewing both the entrepreneurs of rural food-processing firms and different retailers. The interviewees are chosen in order to tackle the same topic from different perspectives; to get the inner and outer picture of the situation.  Rural food-processing firms are becoming very business oriented and professional. The firms have always been cooperating with each other and cooperation is held very important for the continuity of the business. Benefits can be found in sharing costs and facilitating operations in different procedures, exchanging knowledge and giving support. Due to the lack of time and areal isolation the creation and maintenance of effective networks is anyway challenging. An effective network demands a strong leader, usually a retailer who is able to convince the producers of the positive effects of closer cooperation, time to build trust and create operations satisfying every party, and the matching of form of activity and the product.  The effort should be put on the education of producers and on the increase of the awareness of the benefits and the significance of networking by establishing open communication between all the involved parties in the local food chain. Since the demand for near produced food is growing and the operations of rural food-processing firms are becoming more and more business oriented, networking is supposed to be one of the key issues in building success.  This thesis is written and formatted following the guidelines of the IMC Krems University of Applied Sciences since the main establishment and hand over happened in this institution.
A feasibility study of an organic and local grocery store in Järvenpää
A taste of Persia : an introduction to Persian cooking
Food ethics : the basics
Animal, vegetable, miracle : a year of food life
Sirocco : fabulous flavours from the East
Localisation of primary food production in Finland : production potential and environmental impacts of food consumption patterns
Home grown : the case for local food in a global market
The complete Middle East cookbook
The World's best superfoods : health-boosting recipes from around the world
Food security in the Middle East
Local food systems and rural sustainability initiatives by small scale rural entrepreneurs in Finland
Rebuilding the foodshed : how to create local, sustainable, and secure food systems
The around the world cookbook : over 350 authentic recipes from the world's best-loved cuisines
Sustainable culinary systems : local foods, innovation, tourism and hospitality
Horta hunter's handbook : well-being and delicacies from edible wild plants
Spies, black ties & mango pies : stories and recipes from CIA Families all over the world
Around the world in 80 dishes : classic recipes from the world's favourite chefs
Entrepreneurship in regional food production : 2nd Nordic workshop on entrepreneurship in regional food production Bodø, May 5.-6. 2003
Osterie & locande d'Italia : a guide to traditional places to eat and stay in Italy
Jerusalem : a cookbook
From environmental concerns towards sustainable food provisioning : material flow and food consumption scenario studies on sustainability of agri-food systems
More organic! : government development programme for the organic product sector and objectives to 2020
Flavours from the Finnish countryside
This bachelor's thesis was commissioned by Makumaku Ltd and made as a part of Haaga-Helia organic and locally produced food-theme group. The objective of this thesis was to analyze the most potential consumer profiles of Makumaku Ltd, a web-based company that sells organic and locally produced food. The theoretical part of the thesis discusses consumer behavior and motivation, online buying behavior and the possibilities of the online food market. The empirical part of the thesis analyzes the potential consumer profiles of Makumaku Ltd. In the past decade consumers have become more aware of what they eat and what they require from their food. Eating organically produced food has been a way for consumers to ensure that they support sustainable development. Locally produced food has become another option for environmentally conscious consumers. These two types of food are often incorporated with one another, but there can be major differences in terms of legal requirements and production and sales locations. Consumer behavior is researched by companies in order to position themselves to the market. Consumer motivation represents a part of consumer behavior that is less acknowledged in consumer research. Motivation is mainly an unconscious process which is difficult even for the consumers themselves to realize. Consumer behavior has been changing together with the internet revolution. The development of online market has shifted the power from the companies to the consumers. Online consumers are harder to research and their actions cannot be controlled. Social media websites enable consumers to share opinions about companies whether good or bad. The research method used for this thesis was quantitative. This method was chosen due to the large population size that was to be analyzed and the nature of the study. A survey was used as the data collection method; an online questionnaire was produced using Webropol. The questionnaire was distributed through Makumaku Ltd's website, Facebook-group and through personal contacts of the author and the commissioning company. A population of 176 respondents was chosen to be analyzed. Two potential consumer profiles were analyzed in more detail; 21-30-year-old environmentally conscious women and 41-50-year-old highly educated city mothers. The main conclusion was that both profiles can be reached through social media marketing but the target approach should be profile specific. The changing nature of the online world should be noted in Makumaku Ltd's marketing plans. To succeed in the online world interaction and sharing information with consumers is vital.
Eat here : reclaiming homegrown pleasures in a global supermarket
Market farming success : the business of growing and selling local food
Best of the simple things : taking time to live well
Arabesque : modern Middle Eastern food
The River Cottage cookbook
