http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11481 power plants
power plants power stations
Supplementary firing
Executive summary (s. 9).
Bioreactors : design, properties and applications
Värnamo Demonstration Plant : a demonstration plant for biofuel-fired combined heat and power generation based on pressurized gasification : [construction and commissioning 1991-1996]
Nuclear energy in Finland
Baltica VIII : life management and maintenance for power plants : Helsinki - Stockholm - Helsinki, 18-20 May, 2010. Vol. 1
Automation and the worker : a study of social change in power plants
Social Enterprises In Wind Energy Production : Case Study From Finnish Renewable Energy Industry
WW721 replacement with a MCM-11 speed controller : Technical specification
Chernobyl prayer : a chronicle of the future
Tulevaisuuden sähkövoimatekniikka = Electrical engineering in the future : Kalastajatorppa 16.1.1990
Development of process guide for mechanical pre-commissioning and commissioning
Haapaniemi power stations
Swedish nuclear regulatory activities : report. Vol. 1, An assessment
IVO newsletter : the in-house international news bulletin of IVO Group
Modern power station practice. 6, Instrumentation, controls and testing
Baltica VII : life management and maintenance for power plants, Helsinki-Stockholm-Helsinki, 12-14 June, 2007.. Vol. 1
Oulujoki, source of power : the power plants of Oulujoki Power Company
Electricity shortage problems and prospect of wind turbines as an alternative energy solution in Karachi industrial areas
Power plant instrumentation and control handbook : a guide to thermal power plants
Poliscide : big government, big science, lilliputian politics
Modern power station practice. 4, Electrical generator and electrical plant
Environmentally conscious alternative energy production
Biomass power plant grid connection
Discovering the potential of small wind energy : Building a framework for entry strategy to US  market of MyPower Finland Ltd
Waste streams for algae cultivation
Optimization of hydrogen plant efficiency
Guidelines for calculating energy generation in combined heat and power plants
The atmospheric chemistry of mercury : an evaluation of the ELFORSK/Vattenfall-EPRI cooperation on research on the atmospheric behaviour of mercury
Marketing Strategic Choices for Wind Technology in China : case: Chinese Domestic Wind Technology Companies
A practical guide to steam turbine technology
Thermographic and Vibration Control Maintenance in a CHP Power Plant
Summary (s. 9-15).
Evaluation of the Finnish nuclear safety research programme "SAFIR2014"
Numerical distance protection : principles and application
Ocean energy : tide and tidal power
The case of Vuotos
Baltica V : condition and life management for power plants, Hotel Haikko Manor, Porvoo, Finland, June 6-8, 2001.. Vol 2
Baltica III : international conference on plant condition & life management, Helsinki-Stockholm, June 6-8, 1995. Vol 2
Insurmountable risks : the dangers of using nuclear power to combat global climate change
Milestones in the development of a national infrastructure for nuclear power
Converting from solid fuel to natural gas combined cycle
Small-scale wind power : design, analysis, and environmental impacts
Executive summary (s. 7-11).
Baltica IX : international conference on Life management and maintenance for power plants : abstracts : Helsinki - Stockholm - Helsinki, 11-13 June, 2013
Construction of nuclear power and extension to a final disposal repository for spent nuclear fuel
Cascade generalized predictive control : applications in power plant control
Qualified manpower and equipment for the nuclear industry : proceeding of an international workshop = Personnel qualifié et équipements homologués pour l'industrie nucléaire : compte rendu d'une réunion de travail internationale, Paris, 2-3 décembre 1992.
James Bay : the plot to drown the North Woods
Baltica VIII : life management and maintenance for power plants, Helsinki-Stockholm-Helsinki, 18-20 May, 2010. Vol. 1
Intercultural crisis communication during the 2011 Fukushima nuclear disaster
Executive summary (s. 9-16).
For the good of society : public participation in the siting of nuclear and hydro power projects in Finland
Mechanical Processes and Workflow in Customer Delivery Projects in Wärtsilä Power Plants
Reduction of capital costs of nuclear power plants
Maintenance systems and documentation
Photovoltaics : Fundamentals, Technology and Practice
Summary (s. 9-14).
Safe enclosure of shut down nuclear installations
Clean power from solid fuels
Hypothesis IV : proceedings of the 4th international symposium on hydrogen power - theoretical and engineering solutions. Volume 2.
A decision support system for power plant investment
Signalled and silenced aspects of nuclear safety : characteristics of Finnish nuclear safety regulations : SAFIR2014 final report : Finnish Research Programme on Nuclear Power Plant Safety (SAFIR) 2011-2014
Wind Energy : A Reference Handbook
Wärtsilä wins power plant orders from Greece and Cyprus : strengthens its leading position in the Mediterranean
Standardization and optimization of the fuel unloading station
"A concise yet technically authoritative overview of modern marine energy devices with the goal of sustainable electricity generation With 165 full-colour illustrations and photographs of devices at an advanced stage, the book provides inspiring case studies of today's most promising marine energy devices and developments, including full-scale grid-connected prototypes tested in sea conditions. It also covers the European Marine Energy Centre (EMEC) in Orkney, Scotland, where many of the devices are assessed.Topics discussed: global resources - drawing energy from the World's waves and tides history of wave and tidal stream systems theoretical background to modern developments conversion of marine energy into grid electricity modern wave energy converters and tidal stream energy converters This book is aimed at a wide readership including professionals, policy makers and employees in the energy sector needing an introduction to marine energy. Its descriptive style and technical level will also appeal to students of renewable energy, and the growing number of people who wish to understand how marine devices can contribute to carbon-free electricity generation in the 21st century"--
Nuclear power plant life management and longer-term operation
Calm or storm? : wind power actors' perceptions of Finnish wind power and its future
Crack arrest : additional safety against catastrophic fracture : final report of the NKA Project MAT 550
Standardization of the Supporting and Installation of Generator Cables
Hypothesis IV : proceedings of the 4th international symposium on hydrogen power - theoretical and engineering solutions. Volume 1.
A bubbling fluidized bed distributor plate
Hypothesis IV : proceedings of the 4th international symposium on hydrogen power - theoretical and engineering solutions. Volume 3.
Using accumulators in northern solar power plants
Modernisation of power plant lighting with LED lighting
Utilisation and reliability of high power proton accelerators (HPPA5) : workshop proceedings, Mol, Belgium, 6-9 May 2007.
Utilisation of non-linear modelling methods in flue-gas oxygen-content control
IVO net : the in-house bulletin of the IVO Group
The analysis of tidal stream power
From a modern power plant to a factory of culture : Hanasaari A as an object of industrial heritage in Helsinki 1957-2007
Executive summary (s. 9-14).
DCM365 Development for Power Plant Projects : Improving the Commissioning Processes
"This book introduces all relevant topics in wind and tidal energy from global resources and historical background to today's wave and tidal machines"--
Industrial steam systems : fundamentals and best practices
Coolability of porous core debris beds : effects of bed geometry and multidimensional flooding
The architect in the nuclear age : design of buildings to house radioactivity
Summary (s. 395-416).
Work management in the nuclear power industry : a manual prerepared for the NEA Committee on Radiation Protection and Public Health
Modern power station practice. 7, Operation and efficiency
Phases of a network : from a breakthrough to a national system
Feasibility study of power increase for gas engine power plant
Development of techniques for electrochemical studies in power plant environments
Systematics and methodology in boiler plant life and plant condition management
Onshore and offshore wind energy : an introduction
AES Kelanitissa power plant (163 MW) in the Republic of Sri Lanka
Vertically and Horizontally Mounted Wind Mills : Wind Energy Production in Tampere University of Applied Sciences
Summary (s. 9-12).
Selected safety aspects of WWER-440 model 213 nuclear power plants : final report of the IAEA Project on Evaluation of Safety Aspects for WWER-440 Model 213 Nuclear Power Plants : reference plant, Bohunice NPP V2 (Slovakia)
Application manual for heat exchangers in power plants
Optimization of the utilization of electricity generating plants
Advanced energy systems
Mervento 3.6-118 Recycling Rate
Tidal Power : harnessing energy from water currents
Baltica VI : life management and maintenance for power plants, Helsinki-Stockholm-Helsinki, 8-10 June 2004.. Vol 1
Energy harvesting solution for the UWASA Node : applications for wind turbine monitoring
Methods of energy generation and energy generating systems for their implementation
The steam and condensate loop
The girl in the road
Thermal power plant simulation and control
Development of a competitive strategy for a power plants manufacturer in the Colombian oil sector
Engine auxiliary module cabling optimization
Plant engineers and managers guide to energy conservation
Procedures for conducting probabilistic safety assessments of nuclear power plants (level 2) : accident progression, containment analysis and estimation of accident source terms
The power guide : An international catalogue of small-scale energy equipment
Maximum biomass use and efficiency in large-scale cofiring - PUUT31
Modern power station practice. 8, Nuclear power generation
One-site calibration of the continuous gas emission measurement methods at the power plant
Industrial buying in Chinese power plant markets
Simulation and optimisation of power production in biomass-fuelled small-scale CHP plants
Flexibility is the name of the game
Analysis of a Hydrophobic Coating as Passive Anti-ice Solution for Wind Turbines
Executive summary (s. 9-11).
Investigation of the energy payback of the Mervento 3.6-118 wind turbine
Risk communication and risk perception : the case of nuclear power public debate in Lithuania
W50DF power plant engine automation system in gas commissioning phase
Life-cycle assessment of a spanish wind farm
Baltica 4 : plant maintenance for managing life & performance, Helsinki-Stockholm-Helsinki, 7-9 September, 1998. Vol. 1
Decentralised electrical distribution network in power plants
Voltage-sourced converters in power systems : modeling, control, and applications
Energy sector in Russia : economic and business outlook
Managing maintenance resources
Deactivation effects of biofuels on SCR catalysts
Structural Materials for Innovative Nuclear Systems (SMINS) : workshop proceedings, Karlsruhe, Germany, 4-6 June 2007.
Baltica 4 : plant maintenance for managing life & performance, Helsinki-Stockholm-Helsinki, 7-9 September, 1998. Vol. 2
The Status and Trends Of New Power Generation technology
Environmental wind engineering and design of wind energy structures
Waste and Chemical Management on Wärtsilä Power Plant Construction Site
The structural design of air and gas ducts for power stations and industrial boiler applications
The Colossus of Battersea : a report by SAVE Britain's Heritage
The criticality accident in Sarov
Baltica V : condition and life management for power plants, Hotel Haikko Manor, Porvoo, Finland, June 6-8, 2001.. Vol 1
Biofuel drying as a concept to improve the energy efficiency of an industrial CHP plant
Learning from differences in energy sector : international seminar
Bang Po power project in Thailand
Baltica VII : life management and maintenance for power plants, Helsinki-Stockholm-Helsinki, 12-14 June, 2007.. Vol. 2
Enhancement of the boiler design process by the use of expert system technology
Photovoltaics in Buildings : A Design Handbook for Architects and Engineers
Steam Plant Operation
Handbook of maintenance management and engineering
Wind characteristics : an analysis for the generation of wind power
The Wind farm effect to the Distribution system
Simulation process for wind power systems : Etha Ab case study for the Kalajoki-Raahe-Oulainen region with AWS openWind wind farm design software
An analysis of human maintenance failures of a nuclear power plant
Science, law and Hudson River power plants : a case study in environmental impact assessment
Total hydronic balancing : a handbook for design and trouble-shooting of hydronic HVAC systems
Modern power station practice. Vol. 5. Chemistry and metallurgy
A Feasibility Study of Process Steam Sourcing for District Heating Accumulators
Large-scale solar thermal power : technologies, costs and development
Powerplant technology
Environmental Management Plan for Wärtsilä Power Plants
Technical improvements of Windside wind turbine systems
Decommissioning nuclear power plants : policies, strategies and costs
Tradable permits for greenhouse gas emissions and investments in heat and power generation
Marketing strategy for retailing small-scale wind energy turbines in Indian markets
Establishing a code of ethics for nuclear operating organizations
The Baltic Ring project : favourable effects on the energy markets of the Baltic Sea countries
Annals of the ICRP
Assuring Nuclear Safety Competence into the 21st Century : Hungarian Atomic Energy Authority, Nuclear Safety Directorate, Budapest, Hungary, 12-14 October 1999.
Wind energy - the facts : a guide to the technology, economics and future of wind power
Environment and technology in the former USSR : the case of acid rain and power generation
Three Mile Island reactor pressure vessel investigation project : achievements and significant results : proceedings of an open forum sponsored by the OECD Nuclear Energy Agency and the United States Nuclear Regulatory Commission, Boston (USA), 20-22 October 1993.
Mervento 3.6-118 recycling rate
Implementing severe accident management in nuclear power plants
Power Plant Equipment Operation and Maintenance Guide : maximizing efficiency and profitability / Philip Kiameh
Baltica III : international conference on plant condition & life management, Helsinki-Stockholm, June 6-8, 1995. Vol 1
Strategic maintenance planning
Small-scale cogeneration handbook
Methods of projecting operations and maintenance costs for nuclear power plants
Summary (s. 7-8).
Quality assurance for safety in nuclear power plants and other nuclear installations : code and safety guides Q1-Q14
Electricity from wave and tide : an introduction to marine energy
Energy for the 21st century, 2-3 July 1996
Operation mode of combined power system: small hydropower plant - biopower plant for Karelia
Innovation in wind turbine design
Zero emissions power cycles
This thesis was done for Wärtsilä Finland Ltd. The purpose of this thesis is to describe Wärtsilä 50 dual fuel engine?s automation systems in the gas commissioning phase of the power plant. This thesis is used as a work instruction for commissioning engineers. W50 dual fuel engine is an engine that can be operated with multiple fuel types. These are light fuel oil, heavy fuel oil and natural gas. In this work is concentrated on running the engine with natural gas. The quality of the natural gas has a great impact on performance and on the output of the engine. Engine automation system is used to achieve safe operation of the engine and to make the engine more easily predictable for maintenance. Implementing changes to engine running values is used to achieve efficiently operating power plant. Completed thesis includes a comprehensive content of commissioning the engine automation system.
Innovation in nuclear energy technology
Energy use of peat
