http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11442 harassment
harassment
Developmental endocrine disruption in rat ovarian follicles
Sexual harassment in higher education : reflections and new perspectives
Microaggressions in everyday life : race, gender, and sexual orientation
Sexual harassment : contemporary feminist perspectives
Lifting a ton of feathers : a woman's guide to surviving in the academic world
The causes of school violence
When women sexually abuse men : the hidden side of rape, stalking, harassment, and sexual assault
Sex & business
The politics of sexual harassment : a comparative study of the United States, the European Union, and Germany
Evaluation for workplace discrimination and harassment
Feminist accused of sexual harassment
Cooperative networks : control and optimization
Gender, sexuality and violence in organizations : the unspoken forces of organization violations
"Gendertrolling arises out of the same misogyny that fuels other "real life" forms of harassment and abuse of women. This book explains this phenomenon, the way it can impact women's lives, and how it can be stopped"--
Functional genomic analysis of the <em>Drosophila</em> immune response:identification of genes essential for phagocytosis, viral defense and NF-κB signaling
The third edition of this resource for women offers information on dealing with the emotional and mental consequences of sexual violence, and answers questions about the law and police procedure in dealing with these crimes.
Sexual solicitation of children and adolescents in chat rooms
Gendered conflicts in secondary school : fun or enactment of power?
The masculinity of those who serve in the American military would seem to be indisputable, yet it is full of contradictions. To become a warrior, one must renounce those things in life that are perceived to be unmasculine. Yet at the same time, the military has encouraged and even mandated warriors to do exactly the opposite. Bring Me Men explores these contradictions in great detail and shows that their invisibility has been central to the concealment of American empire's darkest secrets. By examining case studies that expose these contradictions—the phenomenon of maleon- male rape at the U.S. Naval Academy, for example, as well as historical and contemporary attitudes toward cleanliness and filth—Belkin utterly upends our understanding of the relationship between warrior masculinity, American empire and the fragile processes sustaining it.
Welcome to New York : director's cut
Evaluation of industrial wireless communications systems' security
Gender in the mirror : cultural imagery and women's agency
Subtle sexism : current practice and prospects for change
For countless numbers of women, the Anita Hill-Clarence Thomas hearings opened the gates of denial, & long-repressed memories came tumbling out. In this anthology of women s sexual harassment stories, women write not only of their experiences but also of how they responded to them. Some went into extreme depression or experienced physical symptoms; some fought back; some denied the harassment was happening, wanting to believe it was unintentional or something they themselves provoked. Some found humorous & creative ways of dealing with the harasser.
Systematically examining and documenting the range of discriminatory behaviour that many women experience on a daily basis, the editor of this volume demonstrates how subtle sexism devalues women and limits their work. Nijole V Benokraitis also explains how these practices can be challenged and changed. The four parts cover: the continuing significance of sexism; subtle sexism in organizational settings; subtle sexism as social control; and how to change subtle sexism practices.
Confidential confessions. Volume two
Sex-based harassment in schools : taken for granted or a pedagogical challenge?
From violence to caring : gendered and sexualized violence as the challenge on the life-span : abstracts
Researching sexual violence against women : methodological and personal perspectives
Sexual harassment in sport : impact, issues and challenges
Alert : a parent' guide to cyber-bullying and cyberstalking
Gendertrolling : how misogyny went viral
To steal her love
The laws of love : a brief historical and practical manual
Sexual harassment is overwhelmingly a problem of women workers. It has nothing to do with normal interaction between the sexes: it denotes scorn of another person, and is used to establish or prove power over others. Sexual harassment produces feelings of revulsion, violation, disgust, anger and powerlessness. Good managers know that it is in the long-term interest of the enterprise to ensure that their employees are treated with respect. While effective legal remedies are necessary, it is also important to ensure that the problem ceases, or better still, never starts. Thus, preventive measures are especially important. This issue of the Conditions of Work Digest is essential reading for employers, personnel managers, trade unionists and all those in governmental and non-governmental circles who are committed to justice and dignity at work.
Violence against women and children : vision, innovation and professionalism in policing, VIP guide
Anecdotal theory
North country
Sexist harassment as an issue of gender equality politics and policies at university
The particularities of women's career development in Russia
Gender and sexuality in the workplace
Equality in Finnish-speaking theatres : surveying the perceptions and experiences of company actors
The guardian
Personal safety
Identifying child molesters : preventing child sexual abuse by recognizing the patterns of the offenders
"I cannot speak about it"
Summary (s. iii-v).
Those pesky rabbits
Talking of silence : the sexual harassment of schoolgirls
Sexual harassment in the workplace : perspectives, frontiers and response strategies
The great big sleep
Democracy in the kitchen : regulating mothers and socialising daughters
Authors William R. Cupach and Brian H. Spitzberg synthesize the expanding multidisciplinary base of knowledge about unwanted relationship pursuit (ORI) and stalking, presenting a comprehensive scholarly consideration of these behaviors. Their inclusive approach is reflected in the breadth of research represented, including social, clinical and forensic psychology, psychiatry, counseling, communication, criminal justice, law enforcement, sociology, social work, threat assessment and management, and family studies. The work also draws upon the multidisciplinary scholarship on social and personal relationships. The chapters in this volume: *provide historical and definitional frames for studying unwanted relationship pursuit, and consider the role of such sources as the media, law, and social science research in shaping the contemporary multifaceted and multifarious conceptualizations of stalking; *elaborate the authors' assumption that much unwanted relationship pursuit owes to complications inherent in the processes of constructing and dismantling relationships, examine the factors that conspire to create slippage between two persons' conceptions of their "shared" relationship, and explore the cultural practices associated with relationship dissolution that tend to reinforce persistence in unwanted pursuit; *chart the topography of unwanted pursuit, offering a unique and comprehensive synthesis of relevant research bearing on several issues, and a review of the temporal stages and characteristics of stalking; *consider promising theories and variables for explaining the occurrence of unwanted pursuit; and *discuss the issues pertinent to threat assessment, managing unwanted pursuit and offering a comprehensive typology of victim consequences of pursuit. The volume concludes with thoughts about "correcting courtship." Drawing on the interpersonal competence literature, Cupach and Spitzberg speculate on ways in which enhancing relationship management skills could help diminish the incidence and debilitating consequences of ORI and stalking. With this work, the authors provide a clearer picture of the current state of knowledge about stalking, and in so doing, identify productive paths for scholarly inquiry and ultimately bolster the effectiveness of prevention and intervention efforts. The volume is destined to promote and publicize the multidisciplinary nature of stalking research such that cross-fertilization of interested fields might yield new and better insights. It will be required reading for the cross-disciplinary community of academics and professionals who are committed to understanding and responding to unwanted relationship pursuit and stalking.
Discusses what constitutes sexual harassment, looks at traditional methods of fighting, back, and examines women's and men's roles in modern society.
Handbook of unethical work behavior : / implications for individual well-being
Business ethics. Vol. 2, Fairness and justice in the workplace
Trust no one
Evaluation of industrial wireless communications systems’ security
Gendered and sexualised violence in educational environments
Combating sexual harassment at work
Sexual harassment : women speak out
The dark side of courtship : physical and sexual aggression
Inappropriate treatment at work : guidelines for preventing and dealing with harassment and inappropriate treatment in the workplace
Physical sexual harassment as experienced by children at school in Northern Finland and Northwest Russia
Family violence
Sexual harassment on campus : a guide for administrators, faculty, and students
Inappropriate treatment : instructions for preventing and dealing with harassment and inappropriate treatment at work
Handbook of unethical work behavior : implications for individual well-being
Enduring love
The importance of being innocent : why we worry about children
Intimacy : an international survey of the sex lives of people at work
The gender line : men, women, and the law
Sexual harassment : what it is, what it isn't, what it does to you, and what you can do about it
Disruptive Christian ethics : when racism and women's lives matter
Sexual harassment : conceptual and methodological reflections
Sexual violence : the reality for women
Remembering conquest : feminist/womanist perspectives on religion, colonization, and sexual violence
Handbook of workplace violence
The death of faith
Sexual discrimination and sexual harassment in the work place
Physical Sexual Harassment as Experienced by Children at School:in Northern Finland and Northwest Russia
Sex and the workplace
Georgie Porgie : sexual harassment in everyday life
Research on violence, threats and bullying as health risks among health care personnel : proceedings from the workshop for Nordic researchers in Reykjavik, 14-16 August, 1994
Lifting a Ton of Feathers is not only a survival guide, it is also a destroyer of academic myths about women's career chances in the university, and a revelation of the catch-22 positions in which women find themselves. Caplan demonstrates that while many women believe that when they fail it is their fault, their fate is more likely to be sealed by their encounter with the male environment, and by the manner in which they are tossed about by it. She aims to help women avoid self-blame and understand the real sources of their problems. Readers will find the information about the mine-field of academia for women infuriating, but the means of telling it highly entertaining. Women account for more than half of all undergraduate students in the US and Canada, yet they make up only 10 per cent of faculty members at the level of full professor. What happens to women between freshman level, the tenure track, and the ensuing following professional years that keeps them out of the highest levels of academia? Paula Caplan is herself a veteran of the academic career struggle, and she sets out to explore this question with not only her own observations but also those of many women whom she has interviewed, and with a strong backing of established research. With these tools she provides a clear-eyed assessment of what women who have embarked on an academic career, and those who are considering it, may expect.
"You may be surfing the internet and come across a topic being discussed in the comments of an article that you care deeply about, say, perhaps, recycling. You read people debating whether it really makes a difference to recycle, given the scope of environmental problems on the planet. Fair enough. But then someone starts contributing what seem to you as inane or irrational posts. This person writes that he (you won't know the gender, but trolls are most often male ) never recycles and encourages his friends not to recycle, even going so far as to throw unrecyclable materials in recycling containers he sees so as to destroy others' attempts at recycling. He expresses scorn for people who care about the planet and swears that he leaves his car running "just to piss off those dirty eco-hippies." You become incensed and start explaining to him that environmental concerns are real and provide data and links to sites with solid and well-researched information about environmental issues. But it seems that the more information you provide, the more outrageous his claims are and the more insulting he becomes. You become angry and insult him back, telling him he is illogical, stupid, and obtuse, and asking him to educate himself on these topics. But he continues to spout his insulting and infuriating nonsense. In response, you become increasingly frustrated, but nothing you say seems to have any effect on his stance. In all probability, you've been trolled"--
The recovered memory/false memory debate
First things first
A speaking postcard : essays on a sexual harassment case : publicity in the press
Family Violence is a comprehensive, multi-disiplinary work that brings together in one source many findings from years of scientific research. Dr. Pagelow introduces various theories of the cuases of family violence; in addition she explores child abuse and neglects, spouse abuse, adolescent abuse, abuse of elderly partents, and the various types of sexual abuse in the family. The work is a summary of research in sociology, psychology, law, women's studies, family studies, social work, medicine, and counseling. It is essential reading for social workers, counselors, and others who are concerned with the causes, identification, and prevention of the many types of family violence.
Research activity induces change in nest position of the great grey shrike Lanius excubitor
From violence to caring : gendered and sexualized violence as the challenge on the life-span : conference proceedings
Conflict in the workplace and sexual harassment
A vast conspiracy : the real story of the sex scandal that nearly brought down a president
The wrongs of tort
This collection features new and original research on the range of sexism still faced every day by women in US society. It documents oppression across ethnic, racial, class, and sexual orientation groups in a wide range of gendered spaces, including the home, the workplace, unions, educational institutions, and the Internet. Exploring the way these different but related systems of oppression interact, the editors come to view sexism not as a static thing, but as part of a "dialectic of domination" in which women are simultaneously oppressed and capable of oppressing others through their discourse and practice. With its broad range of approaches, its focus on discourse and experience in gendered spaces, and its debunking of the personal and societal fictions of gender, this book goes a long way toward explaining why sexism is still so pervasive in everyday life.
Sexual subordination and state intervention : comparing Sweden and the United States
Blackway
Experiences of students and practicing nurses with inappropriate patient sexual behaviour
Allowed to care, allowed to intervene : sexual harassment in sports
Sexual bullying : gender conflict and pupil culture in secondary schools
Intrusion detection with Snort
"...Sometimes flatters, sometimes confuses, sometimes makes angry, sometimes makes laugh..." : nurses' and nursing students' experiences on inappropriate patient sexual behaviour
Gene expression and epigenetic modifications in Caenorhabditis elegans induced by methylmercury and manganese
Comparing adult-youth and adult-adult online sexual solicitation : manipulative behaviors, situational factores, and outcomes
Crimes of sexual nature perpetrated by adult females against males constitutes a serious problem in our society. A woman can rape a man, and this crime occurs far more often than most imagine. This book addresses an entire range of crimes beyond just rape, however; stalking, sexual harassment, and sexual assault, and sexual coercion are all covered in detail. The book illuminates the long-overlooked subject of adult female against adult male sex crimes. Combining personal accounts, information on criminal cases, relevant research on adult female against adult male sexual offenses, and statistical data from the FBI and other government sources, the authors comprehensively document how some women can be aggressive sexual predators, just like their male counterparts; highlight the changes in the criminal behavior of women; and provide fascinating stories of true crime as well as shocking revelations about human behavior.
In the company of men : male dominance and sexual harassment
Men's use of sexuality to exercise power over women has been a central arena for feminist analysis and political action throughout this century. Sexual harassment, a key strategy in this exercise of power, has been named and resisted by feminists for more than two decades. While considerable gains have been made, the contemporary backlash also poses a considerable threat - in the face of which, the development of more sophisticated theory and more effective practice regarding sexual harassment is essential. Collectively, the chapters in this book offer a range of new insights and strategies for advancing the feminist struggle against sexual harassment in the late 1990s.
Everyday sexism in the third millenium
The perfect pet shop
Net crimes & misdemeanors : outmaneuvering the spammers, swindlers, and stalkers who are targeting you online
Male victims of sexual assault
Stalking and violence victimization among Finnish university students
The dark side of relationship pursuit : from attraction to obsession and stalking
When shall we go for a ride? : a case of the sexual harassment of a young girl
Gender and the dysfunctional workplace
Discrimination in housing
The Egyptian Moral Turmoil and Women's Rights : an Explanatory Research on the Phenomenon of Sexual Harassment
Recognizing risks of satellite-based tracking
Sexual harassment at the workplace in the European Union
Entrainment and its perturbation in the auditory cortex of the rat : phase and frequency modulations
Intersecting power relations in teachers' experiences of being sexualized or harassed by students
Children and young people who sexually abuse others : current developments and practice responses
Bullying, victimization, and peer harassment : a handbook of prevention and intervention
Sexual harassment : a selected, annotated bibliography
Compliance
Mobile phone harassment : an exploration of students' perceptions of intrusive texting behavior
Sexual harassment of working women : a case of sex discrimination
Guide for a good work community : instructions for problem situations
How to combat sexual harassment at work : a guide to implementing the European Commission code of practice
