http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11463 nanotechnology
nanotechnology
The curing process of layered silicate/epoxy nanocomposites
Micro/nano technology systems for biomedical applications : microfluidics, optics, and surface chemistry
Computational modeling and spectral analysis of nanoscale energy transfer
The use of halloysite for nutrient and moisture retention in soils
Optical spectroscopy of semiconductor nanostructures
Functional nanomaterials
Multiscale modeling : from atoms to devices
Models for quantum dots and rings
Self-assembled nanorings and stressor quantum dots
Nanoelectromechanics in engineering and biology
Children no more
Annual review of nano research. Volume 2
Modeling of electronic transport in nanostructures
Mesoporous silicon micro- and nanoparticles : a versatile tool for peptide delivery
An introduction to nanoscience and nanotechnology
Hurdles on the way to growth / the case of nanotechnology
Assessment of environmental impacts with life cycle methods in nanotechnology industry
Advances in nanomaterials and nanostructures
Nanotechnology : a gentle introduction to the next big idea
Nanocatalysis
Mono-cycle photonics and optical scanning tunneling microscopy : route to Femtosecond Ångstrom technology
Nanotechnology : an introduction
Security applications for converging technologies : impact on the constitutional state and the legal order
Springer handbook of nanotechnology
Journal of vacuum science and technology. B, Nanotechnology & microelectronics : materials, processing, measurement, & phenomena : JVST B.
Nanotechnology-enabled sensors
Blueprints of the afterlife: [a novel]
Nanotechnology. Vol. 3: Information technology I
Prey
Nano biophotonics : science and technology : proceedings of the 3rd International Nanophotonics Symposium, Handai, July 6-8th 2006, Suita Campus of Osaka University, Osaka, Japan
The fourth International conference on nanostructured materials (Nanoʻ98) Stockholm, Sweden, June 14-19, 1998
Nanofabrication : principles, capabilities and limits
Springer handbook of marine biotechnology
Nanotechnology : science, innovation and opportunity
Purification and fractionation by nanofiltration in dairy and sugar and sweetener industry applications
Nanomaterials for environmental protection
The self-assembled nanostructured materials described in this book offer a number of advantages over conventional material technologies in a wide range of sectors. World leaders in the field of self-organisation of nanostructures review the current status of research and development in the field, and give an account of the formation, properties, and self-organisation of semiconductor nanostructures. Chapters on structural, electronic and optical properties, and devices based on self-organised nanostructures are also included. Future research work on self-assembled nanostructures will connect diverse areas of material science, physics, chemistry, electronics and optoelectronics. This book will provide an excellent starting point for workers entering the field and a useful reference to the nanostructured materials research community. It will be useful to any scientist who is involved in nanotechnology and those wishing to gain a view of what is possible with modern fabrication technology. Mohamed Henini is a Professor of Applied Physics at the University of Nottingham. He has authored and co-authored over 750 papers in international journals and conference proceedings and is the founder of two international conferences. He is the Editor-in-Chief of Microelectronics Journal and has edited three previous Elsevier books. Key Features: - Contributors are world leaders in the field - Brings together all the factors which are essential in self-organisation of quantum nanostructures - Reviews the current status of research and development in self-organised nanostructured materials - Provides a ready source of information on a wide range of topics - Useful to any scientist who is involved in nanotechnology - Excellent starting point for workers entering the field - Serves as an excellent reference manual.
Toward a new dimension : exploring the nanoscale
What is what in nanoworld : a handbook on nanoscience and nanotechnology
Introduction to nanotechnology : the new science of small
Nanomaterials, nanotechnologies and design : an introduction for engineers and architects
Self assembly : the science of things that put themselves together
The future of nanomaterials in the industry
Nanoscale assembly using DNA and electromagnetic fields
Noncontact atomic force microscopy
Nanocopper : synthesis, properties and applications : literature survey
Attosecond nanophysics : from basic science to applications
Application of novel hybrid methods in SPM studies of nanostructural materials
Nanotechnology research programme 1997-1999 : evaluation report
Advances in composite materials for medicine and nanotechnology
Dictionary of nanotechnology, colloid and interface science
Introduction to nanomaterials and devices
Nanotechnology : assessment and perspectives
Quantum mechanics with applications to nanotechnology and information science
Nanostructured metals and alloys : processing, microstructure, mechanical properties and applications
Nanotechnologies in the Chech Republic 2008
Nanostructure control of materials
Nanopackaging : nanotechnologies and electronics packaging
Nanodiamond seeding for thin film growth
Conductivity measurements of DNA TX tile and origami structures
Nanomanufacturing handbook
This comprehensive book covers the environmental issues concerning silver nanoparticles (AgNPs). Following an introduction to the history, properties and applications, the environmental concerns of AgNPs is discussed. In the second chapter, the separation, characterization and quantification of AgNPs in environment samples are described in detail. In the remaining parts of the book, the authors focus on the environmental processes and effects of AgNPs, with chapters on the pathway into environment, fate and transport, toxicological effects and mechanisms, as well as the environmental bioeffects and safety-assessment of AgNPs in the environment. This book is designed to describe current understanding of the environmental aspects of AgNPs. It provides a valuable resource to students and researchers in environmental science and technology, nanotechnology, toxicology, materials science and ecology; as well as to professionals involved in the production and consumption of AgNPs in various areas including catalysis, food products, textiles/fabrics, and medical products and devices.
Nanoconvergence : the unity of nanoscience, biotechnology, information technology, and cognitive science
Gas sensors based on nanostructured tungsten oxides
Solar Nanoantenna Electromagnetic Collectors for Energy Production
State of the art on the initiatives and activities relevant to risk assessment and risk management of nanotechnologies in the food and agriculture sectors
Combining near-field and far-field microscopy : a new method for nanoscale super-resolution imaging
Nanotechnology. Vol. 1: Principles and fundamentals
Nanotechnology in dermatology
Combining Near-Field and Far-Field microscopy : a new method for nanoscale super-resolution imaging
Handbook of nanoscale optics and electronics
Nanotechnology for environmental decontamination
Handbook of self assembled semiconductor nanostructures for novel devices in photonics and electronics
Identifies key historical moments in the birth and evolution of nanoscience Based on interviews with 50 scientists and engineers engaged in nanoscale research in France and in the United States Describes transformations in the relations between instrumentation, materials, research questions, and epistemology in the domains of nanoscale research Over the course of the last thirty years, the investigation of objects at the nano scale has rocketed. Nanoscale scientific research has not only powerfully affected the amount and orientation of knowledge, it has perhaps even more significantly redirected the ways in which much research work is carried out, changed scientists' methodology and reasoning processes, and influenced aspects of the structure of career trajectory and the functioning of scientific disciplines. This book identifies key historical moments and episodes in the birth and evolution of nanoscience, discusses the novel repertory of epistemological concerns of practitioners, and signals sociological propensities. As Galileo's telescope explored the moon's surface four hundred years ago, nano instrumentation now makes it possible to see the surface of single molecules. Moreover, practitioners are able to manipulate individual atoms and molecules at will to produce pre-designed synthetic materials, non-existent in nature. The combinatorial of heightened observational capacity and the tailoring of synthetic artificial materials exhibiting hitherto novel physical properties has widened and transformed the worlds of scientific knowledge and technical artefact. This book invites the question: to what extent does nanoscale scientific research constitute a kind of 'scientific revolution'?
Nanotechnology : ethics and society
Nanotechnology for electronic materials and devices
"A unique introduction for general readers to the underlying concepts of nanotechnology, covering a wide spectrum ranging from biology to quantum computing. The material is simply presented and includes a few mathematical equations, but not mathematical derivations. It also outlines the major contributions to modern technology of physics-based nanophysical devices, such as the atomic clock, global positioning systems, and magnetic resonance imaging"--Publisher description.
Nonequilibrium quantum transport physics in nanosystems : foundation of computational nonequilibrium physics in nanoscience and nanotechnology
Ferroelectric performance for nanometer scaled devices
MEMS and nanotechnology-based sensors and devices for communications, medical and aerospace applications
Micro process engineering : fundamentals, devices fabrication and applications
Soft machines : nanotechnology and life
Nanoscience and nanotechnology in engineering
Nanostructure design : methods and protocols
Tomorrow's chemistry today : concepts in nanoscience, organic materials and environmental chemistry
From colloids to nanotechnology
Silver nanoparticles in the environment
Calixarenes in the Nanoworld
Mapping nanotechnology innovations and knowledge : global and longitudinal patent and literature analysis
Nanozymes : next wave of artificial enzymes
Nanophysics seminars. 2, Spring 1997 program
Electrical insulation materials towards nanodielectrics
Handbook of nanofabrication
The fourth international conference on nanostructured materials (NANOʻ98) Stockholm, Sweden, June 14-19, 1998
Nanowires and nanobelts : materials, properties and devices. Vol. 2, Nanowires and nanobelts of functional materials
Nanotechnology research programme 1997-1999 : final report
The singularity is near : when humans transcend biology
Benefits of atomic layer deposition in nanophotonic device fabrication
DNA elektroniikkaa Jyväskylän nanokeskuksessa = DNA electronics at Nanoscience Center in Jyväskylä
Novel micro- and nano-technological approaches for improving the performance of implantable biomedical devices
Robert Ludlum's The Lazarus vendetta : a covert-one novel
10th MEL-ARI/NID Workshop and Finnish Workshop on Nanoscience, Helsinki, 1-3 July, 2002.
Molecular devices and machines : a journey into the nano world
Semiconducting polymer composites : principles, morphologies, properties and applications
Real-space electronic structure calculations for nanoscale systems
Nanowires and nanobelts : materials, properties and devices. Vol. 1, Metal and semiconductor nanowires
DNA-based applications in molecular electronics
The trends and geography of nanotechnological research
Light-matter interaction : physics and engineering at the nanoscale
Quantum fluctuations of the order parameter in superconducting nanowires
Nanotechnology : an introduction to nanostructuring techniques
Stamp fabrication by step and stamp nanoprinting
Reducing 1/f noise in Al-AlOx-Al tunnel junctions by thermal annealing
This paper presents a study of trends in nanotechnology, indicating regional development efforts, based on analyses of scientific publications from 17 countries, divided in two sets: seven key countries (USA, France, Germany, Japan, United Kingdom, Canada and Spain) and ten competitor-countries (Brazil, India, China, Australia, South Africa, Korea, Singapore, Malaysia, Israel and Mexico), from 1994 to 2004. A search in the Web of Science database was undertaken, utilizing 51 terms selected by experts in nanotechnology. A master dataset with almost 140,000 registers was created and scientific indicators were produced through data and text mining tools and a competitive intelligence approach. In the key countries, it was possible to discern the quantity of publications from the USA (21,769), followed by Japan (10,883). Within the per-country analysis, in the case of the USA, for example, the most frequently used terms are "nanoparticulates", "nanotube", "quantum dot", "nanocrystal" and/or "nanostructure". China has the best position in the competitor countries. Brazil is the best in the Latin America, and represents 5.7% of the competitor-country publications, with 1066 papers, and &ldquo;quantum dot&rdquo; is the most frequently term used for the representative Brazilian universities.
Small and huge : nanotech Finland
Selective trapping of oligos to triangular gold nanoparticles utilizing dielectrophoresis
Machining with nanomaterials
Understanding the nanotechnology revolution
Nanomaterials : from research to applications
What is what in the nanoworld : a handbook on nanoscience and nanotechnology
Nano-architectured and nanostructured materials : fabrication, control and properties
Characterization of surfaces relevant to nanotechnology
Technology scaling and nanoscale transistor modelling
Cosmeceuticals and cosmetic practice
Novel carbon coatings and surface texturing for improving biological response of orthopedic implant materials
Development of microbial analysis : faster detection and business opportunities
The shift omnibus
Quantum physics in the nanoworld : Schrödinger's cat and the dwarfs
Diffractive optics based on V-shaped structures and its applications
No small matter : science on the nanoscale
Intervening in emerging nanotechnologies : a CTA of Lab-on-a-chip technology
Self-organized supramolecules of pi-conjugated rodlike polymers
From spearheads to hunting : evaluation of nano programmes in Finland : evaluation report
Nanotechnology and the environment : applications and implications
Epitaxy of nanostructures
Midnight robber
New global frontiers in regulation : the age of nanotechnology
Birefringent thin films and polarizing elements
Nexus
Silver nanoparticles embedded in glass by ion exchange method for biosensor applications
Computational methods for large systems : electronic structure approaches for biotechnology and nanotechnology
Studies on nanoparticle synthesis via gas-to-particle conversion
Behaviour of amorphous and semicrystalline thermoplastics in replication of nano- and microstructures
In vitro, in vivo, and in silico investigations of polymer and lipid based nanocarriers for drug and gene delivery
Future imperfect : technology and freedom in an uncertain world
Potential applications of nanotechnology in bioenergy
Atomic scale engineering of carbon nanotubes
Chemistry of advanced materials : an overview
Food Nanoscience and Nanotechnology
"Provides an interdisciplinary approach to applying nanomaterials to disinfect water, air and soil while addressing possible environmental risks associated with nanoparticles. Remediation, toxicity, and nanoparticle structures are discussed"--
Nanofabrication towards biomedical applications : techniques, tools, applications, and impact
Computer arithmetics for nanoelectronics
This paper is a theoretical study; it was made to present a new technology known as nanotechnology. More particularly, it will focus on nanomaterials. The thesis was based on a personal interest in the subject. Initially, a lot of theory about nanotechnology was gathered. The resources of data were obtained on the Internet. The first part of thesis deals with the history of nanotechnology and its importance. The remainder of the work deals with nanomaterials and carbon nanotubes, their applications and use. Of conclusion is drawn that nanotechnology development will move relatively straightforward, but the goal is just a matter of time. Clearly, nanotechnology will impact every part of life. The manufacturers of nanotools are the special, complex field of nanotechnology. This field of industry has a good future opportunity to move forward. The range of future applications of nanomaterials is wide. The early applications areas are painting, coating and drug delivery. Automotive applications are moving forward and there demand through the industry is beginning to increase, as in the electronics and health industries. The medical field has the widest range of applications at present and the future presents potential.
Nanocircuits with superconductivity : nonequilibrium studies
The dervish house
Bioinspired intelligent nanostructured interfacial materials
Future trends in drug formulation development and pharmaceutical manufacturing
Carbon nanotube transistors : nanotube growth, contact properties and novel devices
Organic and inorganic nanostructures
Metallic thin film structures and polarization shaping gratings
How to create a mind : the secret of human thought revealed
Finland - Japan Workshop on Nanophotonics and Related Technologies : Espoo, Finland, 1st and 2nd of July 2009
From Nanoscience to Nanotechnology : Leopoldina Symposium, Forschungszentrum Karlsruhe, September 4 to 5,2003
Nanoscience and nanotechnology have had a great impact on the food industry. They have increased the nutritional and functional properties of a number of food products and have aided in food preservation through the addition of antimicrobials or the reduction of water activity. These and many other applications have emerged in recent years to transform food science and technology. This book proposes to look at some of these applications and their effect on food production and innovation.  .
Mesoporous silicon particles designed for nanomedical applications
Nanoparticle technology handbook
Nanotechnology : Global strategies, industry trends and applications
Evaluation of networking model efficiency in nanotech cluster between Finland and Russia : case: Jyväskylä Region
Importance of charge in nanofiltration
Nanostructured materials
Thermal and plasma-enhanced atomic layer deposition : the study of and employment in various nanotechnology applications
