http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11490 crime
crime
Screwed
Cops on campus and crime in the streets
She was just 17, a high school dropout named Milly Jones, found walking down the middle of the highway, engulfed in flames. Even in a tough Mississippi county like Tibbehah, it shatters the community, and it is up to Sheriff Quinn Colson, back on the job after a year away, and his deputy Lillie Virgil, to investigate what happened, and why. Before long, however, accusations start to fly; national media and federal authorities descend; and what seemed like a senseless act of violence begins to appear like something even more disturbing - with more victims waiting in the shadows.
Beauty & inferno : essays
As the daughter of a drug dealer, Wavy knows not to trust people, not even her own parents. It's safer to keep her mouth shut and stay out of sight. Struggling to raise her little brother, Donal, eight-year-old Wavy is the only responsible adult around. Obsessed with the constellations, she finds peace in the starry night sky above the fields behind her house, until one night her star gazing causes an accident. After witnessing his motorcycle wreck, she forms an unusual friendship with one of her father's thugs, Kellen, a tattooed ex-con with a heart of gold. By the time Wavy is a teenager, her relationship with Kellen is the only tender thing in a brutal world of addicts and debauchery. When tragedy rips Wavy's family apart, a well-meaning aunt steps in, and what is beautiful to Wavy looks ugly under the scrutiny of the outside world. Kellen may not be innocent, but he is the fixed point in Wavy and Donal's chaotic universe. Instead of playing it safe, Wavy has to learn to fight for Kellen, for her brother, and for herself.
High heat : a Jack Reacher novella
No mortal thing
Generation Z : their voices, their lives
Raiders of the Nile : a novel of the ancient world
The Barbary Coast : an informal history of the San Francisco underworld
Crime and criminalization
Trainspotting
Causes of delinquency
Social class and delinquency
Rebel without a cause ... : the hypnoanalysis of a criminal psychopath
Integrating crime prevention strategies : propensity and opportunity
The skating rink
The Crime Museum uncovered : inside Scotland Yard's special collection
All the ugly and wonderful things : a novel
Patterns of crime in a birth cohort : age, sex and socail class differences
Busted : mug shots and arrest records of the famous and infamous
The mammoth book of undercover cops
Donovan creed two up 3-4
The 2nd edition of Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace and Conflict provides timely and useful information about antagonism and reconciliation in all contexts of public and personal life. Building on the highly-regarded 1st edition (1999), and publishing at a time of seemingly inexorably increasing conflict and violent behaviour the world over, the Encyclopedia is an essential reference for students and scholars working in the field of peace and conflict resolution studies, and for those seeking to explore alternatives to violence and share visions and strategies for social justice and social change. Covering topics as diverse as Arms Control, Peace Movements, Child Abuse, Folklore, Terrorism and Political Assassinations, the Encyclopedia comprehensively addresses an extensive information area in 225 multi-disciplinary, cross-referenced and authoritatively authored articles. In his Preface to the 1st edition, Editor-in-Chief Lester Kurtz wrote: "The problem of violence poses such a monumental challenge at the end of the 20th century that it is surprising we have addressed it so inadequately. We have not made much progress in learning how to cooperate with one another more effectively or how to conduct our conflicts more peacefully. Instead, we have increased the lethality of our combat through revolutions in weapons technology and military training. The Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace, and Conflict is designed to help us to take stock of our knowledge concerning these crucial phenomena." Ten years on, the need for an authoritative and cross-disciplinary approach to the great issues of violence and peace seems greater than ever.
Money, work, and crime : experimental evidence
Crime and punishment in Western countries : 1980-1999 d ed. by Michael Tonry, David P. Farrington
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
The crime industry
Organized crime
Narcoland : the Mexican drug lords and their godfathers
The sorrows of Mexico
Gotham central [Vol. 5] : Dead Robin
The boy in the suitcase
Crime and delinquency in Britain
Statistics on offences and coercive measures
The ring ; and, The opposite of death
Random family : love, drugs, trouble, and coming of age in the Bronx
Crime beat : true stories of cops and killers
Recognizing risks of satellite-based tracking
Blood's a rover
The son
Organized crime : a global perspective
Donovan creed two up 7-8
Gentle justice : analysis of open prison systems in Finland : a way to the future
Crime and industrial society in the 19th century
Procurement and organised crime : an EU-wide study
Black mass : Whitey Bulger, the FBI, and a devil's deal
Criminal : the truth about why people do bad things
Donovan creed two up 1-2
Manual on combatting against money laundering and asset tracing : (based on the replies by the Baltic Sea Region countries)
Unemployment and gang crime : could prosperity backfire?
Gotham City sirens : division
The innocents
The mobs and the mafia
SUOMEN VIRALLINEN TILASTO 23 A : 123 = Brottslighet = Criminality
Tourism Criminality, Case: Thailand
A brief history of seven killings
Busting the mob : United States v. Cosa Nostra
Minority group threat, crime, and policing : social context and social control
The profession of violence : the rise and fall of the Kray twins
Crime and criminal justice in a declining economy
Comparing the forecasting performance of logistic regression and random forest models in criminal recidivism
Fighting crime
The trader of Saigon
Organised crime and the Balkan political context
Crime in wartime : a social history of crime in World War 2
As red as blood
A brief survey of the criminogenic in the Republic of Estonia, 1945-1992
Juvenile delinquency in Sweden
Bridging the islands of society : modeling delinquency prevention through optimization of social support
Unrecorded criminality in Finland
Coping with international atrocities through criminal law : a study into the typical features of international criminality and the reflection of these traits in international criminal law
A brief survey of the criminogenic situation in the Republic of Estonia, 1945-1992
The reasoning criminal : rational choice perspectives on offending
An innovative and challenging book, Imagining Crime explores the inability of the so-called criminal-legal complex--criminology, criminal law, the media, and ordinary, everyday experiences--to solve the problem of crime, criminality, and the ways in which crime can be imagined. Using a novel framework that provides insights into the social construct of crime, author Alison Young examines how we conceptualize crime by critiquing a number of events that have been taken to represent a definitive aspect of crime. The crisis within the criminal-legal tradition is embodied within each event, which the author shapes through her discussion of criminology's resistance to feminist intervention, the ambiguities of victimization in relation to social justice in the city, conjugal homicide and illegal immigration, the pleasures of reading about crime in detective fiction, the discovery of the limits of representation of crime when children kill children, the spectacle of HIV/AIDS in criminal justice policies, and more. Written by one of the newest exciting and original thinkers in criminology and sociolegal studies, Imagining Crime offers undergraduates, graduates, and scholars a unique approach to crime that integrates issues in criminology, criminal justice, and criminal law with feminist theory, sociolegal studies, and cultural studies.
Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace, & Conflict
Offences known to the police
Dark reign: The Hood
The cartel
Criminal law and society
Mafia summit : J. Edgar Hoover, The Kennedy brothers, and the meeting that unmasked the mob
Task force report : crime and its impact : an assessment
The surrogates. Volume 2 : Flesh and bone
Gotham Central. Book four : Corrigan
Delinquency : selected studies
Crime and accountability : victim/offender mediation in practice
Ghost ship
Deadly waters : inside the hidden world of Somalia's pirates
Socioeconomic differences in crime and victimization : a register-based study
A history of violence : living and dying in Central America
Assessing systematic evidence in crime and justice : methodological concerns and empirical outcomes
All of a winter's night
The surrogates. Volume 1
Criminal and offensive behavior involving multiuser virtual worlds
Crime and delinquency : a reader
Money in the bank
Cybersecurity and cybercrime in the 21st century
Critique of legal order : crime control in capitalist society
The psychology of crime
The borderland of criminal justice : essays in law and criminology
Behind God's back
London's underworld : being selections from 'Those that will not work' the fourth volume of 'London labour and the London poor'
"In the early 2020s, two young, genius computer hackers, Elizabeth Santiago and David Schwartz, meet at MIT, where Schwartz is sneaking into classes, and have a brief affair. David is amoral and out for himself, and soon disappears. Elizabeth dreams of technology and space travel and takes a military job after graduating. Nearly ten years later, David is setting himself to become a billionaire by working in the shadows under a multiplicity of names for international thieves, and Elizabeth works in intelligence preventing international space piracy. With robotic mining in space becoming a lucrative part of Earth's economy, shipments from space are dropped down the gravity well into the oceans. David and Elizabeth fight for dominance of the computer systems controlling ore drop placement in international waters. If David can nudge a shipment 500 miles off its target, his employers can get there first and claim it legally in the open sea. Each one intuits that the other is their real competition but can't prove it. And when Elizabeth loses a major shipment, she leaves government employ to work for a private space company to find a better way to protect shipments. But international piracy has very high stakes and some very evil players. And both Elizabeth and David end up in a world of trouble." - Provided by publisher.
This Discussion Paper provides insights into the challenges posed by the proliferation of small arms and light weapons in West Africa, paying particular attention to the ECOWAS convention on small arms and light weapons as a collective sub-regional response to a potent threat to peace, security and development. It connects global and regional discourses on illicit arms control and provides a balanced, empirical examination of the performance of the convention. It is a useful contribution to debates on arms-proliferation control in Africa and provides well-informed recommendations of interest to scholars, peace activists, policy practitioners and strategists working on peace and security in Africa
Causality, determinism and prognosis in criminology
Rethinking criminology
The sociology of crime and delinquency
The autobiography of a thief
Toppamono : outlaw, radical, suspect : my life in Japan's underworld
On analyzing crime
Criminal organization : its elementary forms
Perspectives to doping substance use outside elite sports in Finland
The divide : American injustice in the age of the wealth gap
A-Z of hell : Ross Kemp's how not to travel the world
Crime trends in Sweden 1998-2000
Scorpia rising : Alex Rider
Summary.
Crime, law and corrections
Jail bird : the life and crimes of an Essex bad girl
The Challenge of sub-regional security in West Africa : the case of the 2006 ECOWAS convention on small arms and light weapons
Nothing is true and everything is possible : adventures in modern Russia
The problem of delinquency
The inflation of crime in Russia
Crime and criminology : a critical introduction
Donovan creed two up 5-6
The godfather : the lost years
The roots of evil : a social history of crime and punishment
The limits of the criminal sanction
Batman : through the looking glass
How to handle bullying and gangs
A dynasty of western outlaws
Assessing the relationship between fear of crime and social solidarity
Crime in a free society : selections from the President's Commission on Law Enforcement and Administration of Justice
White-collar criminal : the offender in business and the professions
The Pinkertons : the detective dynasty that made history
Criminological theory : a life-course approach
Understanding organizational wrongdoing
Crime, justice and underdevelopment
Always running : la vida loca, gang days in L.A
Murder, mayhem and music hall : the dark side of Victorian London
Cultural heritage cooperation in the Baltic Sea States. Report 5 / editor Helena Edgren ; co-editor and co-ordinator Marianne Lehtimäki
Typologies of delinquency : a critical analysis
Imagining crime : textual outlaws and criminal conversations
Snakehead : Alex Rider
Shadow rider
Messenger of truth : a Maisie Dobbs novel
Blood brothers
Crime in Finland : a statistical survey
Crime trends in Finland 1950-1977
Criminal Russia : essays on crime in the Soviet Union
Econometric analysis of crime in Sweden
Minorities and criminality
Ideology and crime : a study of crime in its social and historical context
Corsair : a science fiction novel
Shadow economy, broken social fabric and the will to govern : Calderón rescuing Mexico
Heist : the true story of the world's  biggest cash robbery
Task force report : organized crime : annotations and consultants' papers
Human development and criminal behavior : new ways of advancing knowledge
Narkotikastatistik 2001 = Narcotic drugs statistics 2001
Criminal capital : how the finance industry facilitates crime
The final cut
The system
Spam nation : the inside story of organized cybercrime--from global epidemic to your front door
The new criminologies in Canada : crime, state and control
Theft of the nation : the structure and operations of organized crime in America
"Crime and crime control in an integrating Europe"
My criminal world
Bullying behaviour in relation to psychiatric disorders, suicidality and criminal offences:a study of under-age adolescent inpatients in Northern Finland
Parental separation at birth and maternal depressed mood in pregnancy: associations with schizophrenia and criminality in the offspring
Gangster warlords : drug dollars, killing fields and the new politics of Latin America
