http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11402 nursing science
nursing science
Navigating the maze of nursing research : an interactive learning adventure
Conceptual nursing in practice : a research-based approach
Advances in nursing science
Fundamentals of nursing research
Research mindedness for practice ; An interactive approach for nursing and health care
Key concepts in nursing
Study skills for nurses
Effective helping : interviewing and counseling techniques
A Virginia Henderson reader : excellence in nursing
Abstract.
Lentiviral integrase-fusions : genomic interactions, site selection and cellular delivery of heterologous proteins
An archaeology of philosophical anthropology : a reconstruction of the historical philosophical background of ethnography and consequences for nursing science
Critical care : standards, audit and ethics
Knowledge development : Clinicians and researchers in partnership : 9th biennial conference 5-8 July 1998, Helsinki, Finland. Vol. 1, proceedings
A perspective on health, family, learning & collaborative nursing : a collection of writings on the McGill model of nursing
A theory for nursing : systems, concepts, process
Foundations of clinical research : applications to practice
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 2009 : Special Issue of the 16th Nordic Demographic Symposium in Helsinki
Nordic journal of nursing research
The Royal Marsden Hospital manual of clinical nursing procedures
Research into practice : essential skills for reading and applying research in nursing and health care
Personal liberty in psychiatric care : towards service user involvement
Novel materials for controlled peptide delivery: mesoporous silicon and photocrosslinked poly(ester anhydride)s
Nursing today
eHealth and new learning environments in social and health care education
Dimensions of professional nursing
Information management for tactical decision-making in the cardiac care process
The nature of nursing : a definition and its implications for practice, research, and education
Understanding nursing and healthcare research
Clinical supervision as an interaction between the clinical educator and the student
Nursing research and its utilization
Scope and standards of gerontological nursing practice ; [chairperson, JoAnn G. Congdon ... [et al.]
Transcriptional responses of chondrocytic and osteoblastic cells to physical forces of hydrostatic and osmotic pressure, mechanical stretching, and low intensity pulsed ultrasound
Research methods for nurses and the caring professions
Good nursing care : international nursing confrence 21.-23.8.1991 Turku, Finland
"Evidence-based care is a well established principle in contemporary healthcare and a worldwide health care movement. However, despite the emphasis on promoting evidence-based or effective care without the unnecessary use of technologies and drugs, intervention rates in childbirth continue to rise rapidly. This new edition emphasises the importance of translating evidence into skilful practice. It updates the evidence around what works best for normal birth, aspects of which still remain hidden and ignored by some maternity care professionals. Beginning with the decision about where to have a baby, through all the phases of labour to the immediate post-birth period, it systematically details research and other evidence sources that endorse a low intervention approach. The second edition: - has been expanded with new chapters on Preparation for Childbirth and Waterbirth - highlights where the evidence is compelling - discusses its application where women question its relevance to them and where the practitioner's expertise leads them to challenge it - gives background and context before discussing the research to date - includes questions for reflection, skills sections and practice recommendations generated from the evidence. Using evidence drawn from a variety of sources, Evidence and Skills for Normal Labour and Birth critiques institutionalised, scientifically managed birth and endorses a more humane midwifery-led model. Packed with up-to-date and relevant information, this text will help all students, practising midwives and doulas keep abreast of the evidence surrounding normal birth and ensure their practice takes full advantage of it"--Provided by publisher.
Journal of physiotherapy
Writing nursing diagnoses : a critical thinking approach
Community practitioner
Journal of holistic nursing
Complementary & alternative therapies in nursing
The nurses's guide to better communication
Patient outcomes in medical-surgical nursing
The 19th international conference  on health promoting hospitals & health services : improving health gain orientation in all services: better cooperation for continuity in care
Workgroup report
Inferential statistics : in nursing and healtcare
Annual review of nursing research. Volume 13, 1995
Health in Prospect - High-tech Medicine, Life Enhancement and the Economy of Hope
Knowledge development in nursing : theory and process
The nature of nursing : reflections after 25 years : a definition and its implications for practice, research and education
Patient participation in clinical decision making in nursing : a collaborative effort between patients and nurses
Lower limb atherosclerotic disease causes various deteriorations of patients' health-related quality of life
Art portraying medicine
Essentials of nursing research
Nursing theory : utilization & application
Avidin-biotin technology and targeted treatment of malignant glioma
Healthcare facilitators' and students' conceptions of teaching and learning : an international case study
Introduction to nursing research : developing research awareness
Case studies in nursing ethics
Mosby's pocket dictionary of medicine, nursing & allied health
Täyttä elämää kaikille : ylempi AMK -symposium III = Full life for all : UAS Master symposium III : proceedings
Doing a literature review in nursing, health and social care
Annual review of nursing research. Vol 3
Adherence to self-care and social support
Using a model for nursing
Theories guiding nursing research and practice : making nursing knowledge development explicit
Fighting for the otherness. : Student nurses' lived experiences of growing in caring
Nursing research : text and workbook
"Hospital-Based Palliative Medicine: A Practical, Evidence-Based Approach focuses on improving a Hospitalist's ability to provide quality palliative care in the inpatient hospital setting. Although several large textbooks exist for the palliative care provider, there are few detailed resources aimed specifically at the general Hospitalist and hospital-based staff. Existing textbooks dedicate at most only one chapter to palliative care and they lack the detail and specificity in symptom management and communication skills to truly guide care. Hospital-Based Palliative Medicine addresses each of the major components involved in the delivery of inpatient palliative care. These include the management of complex symptoms and the use of specific communication techniques - right down to the actual words to say to the patient - to convey important information such as the reason for and use of medication and how to handle difficult topics with patients and their families and caregivers. The book's authors are all leaders in the field of palliative care, and most of them also practice as hospitalists, and thus understand both perspectives. Chapters are presented in a consistent format with particular attention to both clinical pearls and pitfalls, making the material practical and easily accessible to the busy hospitalist and associated hospital staff"--Provided by publisher.
Major trauma in Northern Finland
Resources for nursing research : an annotated bibliography
The doctor of nursing practice : a guidebook for role development and professional issues
Choosing a holistic care approach for the elderly
Slater nursing competencies rating scale
Parish nursing : promoting whole person health within faith communities
Understanding Nursing Research
Knowledge development : Clinicians and researchers in partnership : 9th biennial conference 5-8 July 1998, Helsinki, Finland. Vol. 2, proceedings
In this article, high-tech medicine is approached as life enhancement technology. Today, the most advanced medical technology operates on the level of cells and molecules, thus opening unprecedented prospects not only for curing and preventing illness but also for shaping of life itself. Thus, high-tech medicine seems to offer more efficient means to remove the restrictions of physical abilities and to improve and 'repair' vital processes. It promises to enhance life. The essay focuses on two aspects of this development. The first issue analysed is the tendency in high-tech medicine to connect medical progress to augmentation of personal choices on health and life improvement. Further, also the economical side is discussed by focusing on the role the patients' activism in high-tech medical business. The argument of the essay is the following: the power to raise hopes for new cures and better life in people is a crucial characteristic of today's high-tech medicine. Consequently, it is the people living in such a hope who provides uel for both technological progress and profitseeking in today's medicine.
Key concepts in nursing and healthcare research
Paediatric nursing
Culture care diversity and universality : a theory of nursing
Qualitative research in nursing and healthcare
JoVE Science Education Videos
Minidictionary for nurses
Blackwell's nursing dictionary
Instructor's manual to accompany the practice of nursing research : conduct, critique, and utilization
Volume three of Horticulture - Plants for People and Places analyses in depth the scientific and scholastic concepts interacting with the arts, medicine and humanities which now underpin the rapidly evolving subject of Social Horticulture. This covers: Horticulture and Society, Diet and Health, Psychological Health, Wildlife, Horticulture and Public Welfare, Education, Extension, Economics, Exports and Biosecurity, Scholarship and Art, Scholarship and Literature, Scholarship and History and the relationship between Horticulture and Gardening. This volume takes the evolution of this Discipline firmly into the 21st Century. It breaks new ground by providing a detailed analysis of the value of Horticulture as a force for enhancing society in the form of human welfare, health and well-being. The authors consider how knowledge is transferred within and between generations, and the place of Horticulture in the Arts and Humanities.These studies transcend the barriers between science and the arts. Social benefits of an association with plants include reducing the potential for domestic violence, vandalism, ethnic conflict and crime by building interpersonal social relationships and networks. Two chapters examine the means by which knowledge is delivered and the wider contexts within which Horticultural Education is provided. Understanding the Economics of Horticulture is of paramount importance in justifying public and private financial provisions for the discipline. Biosecurity is not easily achieved because global travel takes new plants, microbes and animals around the world at ever increasing speed. Of particular significance in this volume are the three chapters dealing with aspects of the relationship between Horticulture and scholarship embracing art, literature and history. This is an ancient relationship where Horticultural Science unites with and demonstrates its artistic and historical credentials.Finally, there is an examination of the relationship between Horticulture and Gardening. Culturally gardening has much to do with the relationship between man, plants and the human spirit. It is a truism that 'Horticulture is to English Literature as Gardening is to Theatre'. This book is a sign post for the future of Social Horticulture.
A Unified ”Trinity”-model for the Didactics of Caring Science : the Cultivation of ”Head, Heart and Hand”
APA style simplified : writing in psychology, education, nursing, and sociology
Nursing research : an introduction
Nursing : human science and human care : a theory of nursing
Physical therapy
Canine pancreatitis : from clinical suspicion to diagnosis and treatment
Understanding nursing care
Demystifying big data and machine learning for healthcare
Professional development, reflection and decision-making in nursing and health care
Advancing nursing education worldwide
Medical-surgical nursing made incredibly easy!
Construction of the client in psychotherapy student s practical learning sessions: A discourse analytic study
Simulation in healthcare education : an extensive history
Transcriptional regulation of endothelial lipase and the role of VEGF-A in lipid metabolism
Concise English-Chinese dictionary of medicine
Simulation in nursing is a powerful teaching strategy that can be used to foster critical thinking and improve clinical judgment. However, research shows it is during the debriefing phase of simulation where transfer of knowledge actually takes place. Varied approaches to debriefing are currently being used, but an evidence-based practice framework is lacking. The purpose of this study was to determine whether there was a significant difference in nursing student knowledge and skills following a simulation that used 2 different debriefing methods. A pretest-posttest experimental design compared the exam scores of students debriefed by faculty trained in the debriefing with good judgment approach (n = 60) and students not debriefed by this method (n = 57). A posttest-only debriefing survey was also used to determine student preference in debriefing methods (N = 117). The learning theories of Kolb and Schon provided the theoretical framework for the study. Results from a repeated-measures ANOVA were not statistically significant regarding knowledge scores, but they revealed slight gains in knowledge from pretest to posttest for both groups. The debriefing survey results revealed a statistically significant student preference in the debriefing with good judgment approach compared to the unstructured approach of faculty debriefing. Future research should strive to identify the most effective debriefing approaches for use in nursing simulation. The resulting project was a skills-development workshop for nursing faculty in the debriefing with good judgment approach. This project study is expected to help prepare competent nurses who are equipped to care for patients' complexity in the 21st century.
What's next for medicine?
"Male menopause" : the birth of a new illness?
Clinical learning environment and supervision : development and validation of the CLES evaluation scale
Radiography
Informatics and nursing : opportunities and challenges
Core curriculum for pediatric critical care nursing
Practical diagnostic imaging for the veterinary technician
Research methods in health promotion
Middle range theories : application to nursing research and practice
Quality of abdominal surgical nursing care
The measurement and development of empathy in nursing
Prescriptions in telepsychiatry
Statistics in small doses
How to write a guideline from start to finish : a handbook for healthcare professionals
Essentials of nursing research : methods, appraisals, and utilization
Knowledge development : Clinicians and researchers in partnership : 9th biennial conference 5-8 July 1998, Helsinki, Finland. Final programme book of abstracts
New Focus to European clinical nursing = Fokusi ri në infermierinë klinike Evropiane = Novi fokus u Evropskom kliničkom sestrinstvu : 2nd International nursing conference in Kosovo : 23 - 26 May 2007  - Prishtina, Kosovo : proceedings
ANS : advances in nursing science
The international development of health psychology
The hidden life of trees : what they feel, how they communicate : discoveries from a secret world
Research appreciation : an initial guide for nurses and health care professionals
Nature therapy and preventive medicine
Basics of environmental science
The nurse theorists : portraits of excellence
Nursing research using data analysis : qualitative designs and methods in nursing
Structured versus nonstructured debriefing: finding the right approach in undergraduate nursing simulation
Theory for midwifery practice
Journal of nursing measurement
Impacts of climate change on forest growth : a modelling approach with application to management
Study guide for essentials of nursing research : appraising evidence for nursing practice
Caring for someone at home : How to meet the needs of a dependent person and their carer
Kozier & Erb's fundamentals of nursing : concepts, process, and practice
Scandinavian journal of surgery : official organ for The Finnish Surgical Society and The Scandinavian Surgical Society
Nursing theory : analysis, application, evaluation
Clinical nursing practices
Finnish doctoral dissertations of nursing education research
Adverse events among older people associated with use of drugs with anticholinergic properties
Clinical nurse specialist role in Finnish health care
Journal of psychiatric nursing and mental health services
Conceptual models of nursing : analysis and application
Quality of radiotherapy care by development of e-feedback knowledge
Journal of advanced nursing
Hospital-based palliative medicine : a practical, evidence-based approach
Registered nurse-led emergency department triage : organisation, allocation of acuity ratings and triage decision making
My age of anxiety : fear, hope, dread, and the search for peace of mind
Research into practice : a reader for nurses and the caring professions
Everyday nursing ethics
Nursing in contemporary society : issues, trends, and transition to practice
Nursing the Orthopaedic Patient
Nurse teacher's perceptions of critical thinking in nursing and the existence of critical thinking during the learning process in nursing
Pharmacoeconomic methods for estimating cost-effectiveness and budget impact of cancer treatments in Finland
Models and critical pathways in clinical nursing : Conceptual frameworks for care planning
International journal of nursing studies
Quality management of forest regeneration activities
Impacts of climate change and forest management on monoterpene emission and needle secondary compounds of boreal Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.)
Erikoissairaanhoidon hoitoonpääsy vuosina 2007–2012 = Tillgången till specialiserad sjukvård åren 2007–2012 = Access to services in specialised health care in 2007–2012
Nursing and the experience of illness : phenomenology in practice
The impact of structured debriefing, following simulation, on BSN student development of clinical reasoning and clinical judgment skills
Guide for the development and management of nursing libraries and information resources
Foundations for holistic health nursing practices : the renaissance nurse
Striving for purity : interviews with people with malodorous exuding ulcers and their nurses
Research-based nursing practice international conference Jyväskylä, Finland February 16-19, 1997.
The connection between on-farm assessed welfare (A-index) and production parameters of the sows
'Nursing Research' leads the novice nurse researcher and student nurse through the main techniques and skills required of a practicing nurse researcher. The authors provide the key information students must understand, and encourage them to think about every aspect of the research process.
Reviewing research evidence for nursing practice : systematic reviews
Exploring collaborative research in primary care
World malaria report 2012.
Ethics : the patient's charter
McGraw-Hill nurse's dictionary
The nursing process : assessing, planning, implementing, evaluating
Delivery of biologics to the retinal pigment epithelium
The Nurse theorists : portraits of excellence, Jean Watson
The Reality of nursing research : Politics, practices and processes
Models of nursing in practice : a pattern for practical care
Writing and getting published : a primer for nurses
Pervasive and mobile sensing and computing for healthcare : technological and social issues
Nursing and health-care research : a practical guide: the use and application of research for nurses and other health care professionals
Disasters and humanitarian assistance
Introduction to nursing : concepts, issues, and opportunities
Methods for determination of the accuracy of surgical guidance devices : a study in the region of neurosurgical interest
Baillière's nurses' dictionary
Nursing reseach : setting new agendas
Man-living-health : a theory of nursing
Cardiovascular diseases are the leading cause of death worldwide and type 2 diabetes is reaching a global epidemic. Epidemiological studies have identified numerous risk factors and pharmacotherapies in relation to these cardiometabolic diseases. However, the detailed molecular mechanisms of these risk factors and drug therapies generally remain incompletely understood. Elucidating the underlying molecular effects would be essential for better understanding of the disease pathogenesis and also for discovering new therapeutic targets. Quantitative serum metabolomics, which allows for simultaneous quantification of multiple circulating metabolic measures, provides a hypothesis-free approach to systematically inspect the metabolic changes in response to endogenous and exogenous stimuli. Metabolomics thus presents a valuable tool to study the detailed molecular effects of disease risk factors and drug therapies. However, current metabolomics studies are mostly conducted in small cross-sectional studies and the causal relations of the risk factors on the metabolic measures are generally unclear, providing limited public health impact. The present thesis serves as a proof-of-concept to illustrate that well-designed observational studies can be used to infer causality. With the exemplars of assessing molecular effects of two risk factors (body mass index and sex hormone-binding globulin) and two drug therapies (statins and oral contraceptives), the thesis demonstrates that an improved causal inference can be achieved in observational studies via the combination of multiple study designs, including cross-sectional, longitudinal and Mendelian randomization analysis. This robust study design approach together with metabolomics data can be also extended to study the molecular effects of other risk factors and drug therapies. With an improved molecular understanding of a wide range of risk factors and therapies, better understanding of disease pathogenesis is ensured.
The child and family : contemporary nursing issues in child health and care
Nursing and caring sciences : evaluation report
Chronic Wound Care: A Problem-Based Learning Approach
Ethical leadership as a way to promote work-related well-being
The impact of structure debriefing, following simulation, on BSN student development of clinical reasoning and clinical judgment skills The necessity of appropriate clinical reasoning and clinical judgment skills is recognized as essential for the development of a competent practitioner. In response to the Institute of Medicine (IOM) report which called for a re-evaluation of the educational processes used to prepare practitioners, nursing educators have embraced the use of simulation technology as an innovative approach to enhance student learning. Simulation has been recognized as a vehicle to support student development of knowledge, skills, and attitudes necessary to become a competent practitioner. Recognized in the literature as the most essential element of simulation, debriefing practices vary throughout nursing education. Recently an increasing presence, yet still minimal amount of evidenced-based literature, is available to guide debriefing practice. This quasi-experimental pretest, post-test design study with subsequent open-ended follow-up questions analyzed the impact a specific structured debriefing approach had on student development of clinical reasoning and clinical judgment skills. The theoretical underpinnings of this study include Kolb's Experiential Learning Theory, as well as, Gibb's reflective cycle. The structured debriefing method utilized for this study was Dreifuerst's (2009) Debriefing for Meaningful Learning © (DML). The study was conducted with (N=93) participants enrolled in a medical-surgical nursing course within their junior year in a northeastern Pennsylvania Baccalaureate nursing program. Changes in clinical reasoning and clinical judgment were measured based upon scores achieve on the Health Sciences Reasoning Test© (HSRT) and the California Critical Thinking Disposition Inventory © (CCTDI) test. In addition, four supplemental questions were posed to students within the experimental group to obtain feedback regarding their perception of the DML© method.    The intent of the study was to determine if an improvement in critical thinking, clinical reasoning, and clinical judgment skills would result if students were exposed to the DML© method for debriefing. The data did not reveal statistically significant findings when comparing the mean overall scores of the experimental and control groups as indicated by the HSRT ©and CCTDI© mean scores. However, responses to the open-ended follow-up questions indicated a perceived improved quality of learning experience resultant from the utilization of the DML© method.
Nursing research : methods, critical appraisal and utilisation
One-year prospective health-related quality-of-life outcomes in patients treated with conservative method, endovascular treatment or open surgery for symptomatic lower limb atherosclerotic disease
Nursing philosophy
The research process in nursing
Horticulture: plants for people and places. Volume 3, Social horticulture
Epidemiological applications of quantitative serum NMR metabolomics : causal inference from observational studies
Understanding nursing research : building an evidence-based practice
Psychology as applied to nursing
Nursing research : principles and methods
Journal of continuing education in nursing
Knowledge development : Clinicians and researchers in partnership : 9th biennial conference 5-8 July 1998, Helsinki, Finland. Vol. 3, proceedings
Study guide for Nursing research : principles and methods
Patient-perceived health-related quality of life during recovery after total hip arthroplasty : a 6-month follow-up study
Succeeding in literature reviews and research project plans for nursing students
Qualitative research in health care
Fundamental aspects of transcultural nursing
Mesoporous silicon particles designed for nanomedical applications
Evidence-based patient handling : tasks, equipment and interventions
Online journal of issues in nursing (OJIN)
Research methods for nursing and healthcare
Evidence and skills for normal labour and birth : a guide for midwives
[Abstract]: The need for information of a newcomer nurse at an outpatient policlinic.
Quality in nursing : realities and visions : international nursing congress : proceedings
Nursing science methods : a reader
Nursing concept analysis : applications to research and practice
Finland drug situation 2010 : new developments, trends and in-depth information on selected issues : 2010 national report to the EMCDDA
Analyzing change in medication use : statistical approaches
Advanced practice nursing : an integrative approach
Qualitative inquiry : the path of sciencing
Canine biliary tract diseases : how to reveal and treat them
13th meeting of the Workgroup of European Nurse-Researchers for National Representatives Sept.3-4,1990 Budabest. 5th Biennial (open) conference of the Workgroup of European Nurse-Researchers : Proceedings III
