http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11430 information technology sector
information technology sector
Building an intra company action plan for successful IT infrastructure transition : a case study
Laopsang's world
Employer Branding for SMEs: Attracting Graduating Students in IT Industry
Key element guide ITIL® service operation
Growth and development of the IT industry in Bangalore and Singapore : a comparative study
IT development in Korea : a broadband nirvana?
Information system specialist predispositions
The IBM century : creating the IT revolution
Explaining the success of the Indian IT industry
Innovate the future : a radical new approach to IT innovation
Continual Service Improvement based on ITIL V3 : a Management Guide
Strategic processes and turning points in ICT business : case Nokia
An exploration of the impact of information technology on China’s hotel industry : A case study of Hanting Inn
Tangible information technology for a better ageing society : proceedings of the Confidence 2010 International Conference: Open doors to ICT for ageing and eInclusion, 9-10 December 2010 Jyväskylä, Finland
Why information systems and software engineering students enter and leave their study programme : a factor model and process theory
International market selection for service innovation : Case Product: Demand responsive transportation
The role of a service desk manager is to provide the single point of contact between an IT organisation and its users. Responsibilities include developing, implementing, monitoring and improving processes and procedures. This essential guide covers areas such as purpose, required skills and career progression.
Building the information society : IFIP 18th World Computer Congress topical sessions, 22-27 August 2004, Toulouse, France
Lifecycle management for IT offshore outsourcing service : a case study
Abstract.
Business leaders : Steve Jobs
The hardware startup : building your product, business, and brand
Finland : media, Internet and telecommunications : complete profile
Defining leadership styles in organization : Case study: Organization in IT company
Absrtact  This thesis was done for ResComi Oy. The objective of the thesis was to research how to start an engineering company in China.     The thesis researches setting up an enterprise, choosing office location, employing people, taxes and SWOT analysis of doing business in China. In setting up an enterprise section, the course of registering an engineering company (Such as registration a corporation name and a foreign exchange, statistical and taxation and so on) is introduced in detail. Choosing office location depends on key industrial districts of Beijing in China. The employing people part of the study is handling laws, rules and regulations of labour and social security issues.     As a result, the thesis can be a guideline for starting an engineering company in China and the course of doing it can clearly be seen.
Requirements engineering : linking design and manufacturing in ICT companies
Yhteenveto (Summary in Finnish)
Development proposal for partnership management practices in the ICT company : case: Nokia Siemens Networks
Internationalization of service firms : the case of computer-related services
Riot-on! : a painfully true story of Riot Entertainment 2000-2002 : a fucked up media opera
Entry and exit in the ICT sector - new markets, new industrial dynamics?
Computers and the law : an introduction to basic legal principles and their application in cyberspace
OPTIMIZING OWNED MEDIA IN A BUSINESS-TO-BUSINESS ICT COMPANY : Case Company: TMA Solutions, Vietnam
An active attitude and the spirit of doing : hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
Nordic IDea : Nordic ID customer magazine
Apps have changed the way we communicate, shop, play, interact and travel and their phenomenal popularity has presented possibly the biggest business opportunity in history. In How to Build a Billion Dollar App, serial tech entrepreneur George Berkowski - one of the minds behind the internationally successful taxi hailing app Hailo - gives you exclusive access to the secrets behind the success of the select group of apps that have achieved billion-dollar success. Berkowski draws exclusively on the inside stories of the billion-dollar app club members, including Instagram, Whatsapp, Snapchat, Candy Crush, Square, Viber, Clash of Clans, Angry Birds, Uber and Flipboard to provide all the information you need to create your own spectacularly successful mobile business.
Digital era governance : IT corporations, the state, and E-government
AfricaDotEdu : IT opportunities and higher education in Africa
Successful IT projects
Towards virtual software configuration management : a case study
Supplier relationship management on the Russian IT market : a hardware distributor's perspective
Current status and upcoming needs in SME's in Northern regions of Finland, Norway and Sweden : technologies, personnel, market and ICT in the business process
Recruitment of foreign IT professionals in Finland
Extreme make-over? : the making of gender and computer science
Starting an engineering company in China
Information management in ICT projects
Electronic solutions for Ethiopian health sector : electronic medical record (EMR) system
The effect of the People's Republic of China on Finland's information and communication technology companies
The purpose of this thesis was to analyse existing theories on branding and suggest an appropriate branding strategy for Voimo Company. The objective was to develop a practical branding model and then apply it to Voimo Company. The question to answer is how a company of any size, with a special consideration for a small one, can stand out from the crowd and survive in today̕ s competitive environment, how to build a recognizable brand. The theoretical framework was based on existing literature about branding and branding models. Most of the theories of branding models are processed based (Aaker 1996, Knapp 2000, and Gad 2001). The branding model developed during the study was based on theoretical framework and consists of five steps: delegating, researching and developing the essence of data, communicating and the follow-up process. Each step was then applied to Voimo Company. The research method was qualitative. In addition, data was gathered through interviews. In order to draw comparison between the opinions, both the owner of the company and Voimo̕ s customers were interviewed. The interviews were analysed qualitatively. The results revealed that the model developed for Voimo Company is feasible and the company has been able to go through each step of the branding process. Having completed the internal and external market analysis Voimo was able to better develop a brand idea, formulate brand promise and determine what business it is in, from the consumer̕ s point of view. It became clear that to make sure the brand is unique, Voimo needed to come up with an authentically different meaning for it but yet simple to understand. In conclusion, in order to sustain in the competitive environment companies of any size, but especially small companies, should and can plan and manage their branding process regardless of their financial situation.  If applied well, a small business can find benefits that matter to customers and are different from those of competitors and thus have a clear advantage over large companies due to their more flexible structure and process. In addition, Internet provides numerous options for SME to build its own community through different social media networks and that way start building awareness and bond with a target audience is a lot less expensive than conventional approach. What is needed is knowledge and understanding of the value of having a known brand and means and tools necessary for implementation.
European information technology observatory 2005
Transition of Managed IT Services from one Managed Service Provider to Another
Advancing and applying living lab methodologies : an update on living labs for user-driven open innovation in the ICT domain
The Secret of Success 2014-2015 : Europe's digital icons : transforming our economy
Intelligent information services in environmental applications
IT services at TKKCC
Identities at work / narratives from a post-bureaucratic ICT organization
Building professional services : the sirens' song
Employer Branding for SMEs : Attracting Graduating Students in IT Industry
The importance of customer services has increased along with the growing use of information technology. The last decades have been time of rapid development and expansion of usage for the healthcare IT systems. For this reason the importance of customer services has emerged playing a major role in companies active in this field of industry. This study focuses on the customer support unit and the process of the customer service of a company operating in this industry. The aim of improving the efficiency of the customer support unit has naturally increased customer satisfaction. A more detailed goal in this study is to increase the performance of the customer support unit in a process point of view, and in that way to have a positive impact on the main objective. The first phase of this study was to clarify the present state of the organization and the functionality of the process in general. The survey information obtained was used for a further study, which was explored based of the findings in the initial results that were showing possible problem areas in the functionality of the customer service process. The research was done by applying ideas of the LEAN methodology for service industry activities – the main focus in efficiency of the flow and thereby better customer experience and more efficient operations in the customer support unit. From the ERP and the hour-logging system used in the company a very comprehensive report was available on the basis of which a sufficiently detailed analysis was done successfully. Based on the results the operation of the customer support unit was fine-tuned to a more efficient model by changing the operating model of the selected pilot group. Increasing the flow efficiency by changing the mode of operation was particularly targeted. After the changes had been implemented, the impacts were verified by analyzing the same reports that were used in the change analysis made before the change. The data after the change is to be used as decision support for further amendments. It could be concluded that impacts have been positive – based on the after change analysis the flow efficiency of the process has increased.
The most important needs to start the use of ICT in the health promotion and care in Zambia
Product tracker : a formalised process of bringing product to market
Service Operation based on ITIL V3 : a Management Guide
Riot-on! : a painfully true story of Riot Entertainment 2000-2002
Attracting the young employee : Analysis of factors influencing the choice of  future workplace of IT students
The computer industry
Service desk and incident manager : careers in IT service management
ITIL V3 Foundation complete certification kit : study book and eLearning program
Strategic learning : a route to competitive advantage?
Innovating with information technology in a globalized world : being proactive about culture
Digital Optimism and the Case for Caution
Job satisfaction in an IT-company : a description of specific development actions and their outcoumes
Developing technology pushed breakthroughs : defining and assessing success factors in ICT industry
Key element guide ITIL® service strategy
How to Become a Successful IT Consultant /.
Troubled IT projects : prevention and turnaround
International interaction forms in global collaboration networks between the information technology industry and engineering education
"Validate your idea by learning the needs of potential users; develop branding, marketing, and sales strategies early on; form relationships with the right investment partners; prototype early and often to ensure you're on the right path; understand processes and pitfalls of manufacturing at scale; jumpstart your business with the help of an accelerator; learn strategies for pricing, marketing, and distribution; be aware of the legal issues your new company may face"--Page 4 of cover.
Passing your ITIL foundation exam
Evaluating interns' work placement experiences in EMEA region : case: Dell Inc
Sweden as a potential market for Mecanova Oy
Information services today : an introduction
Optimisation of product change process and demand-supply chain in high tech environment
Packaging of IT services - conceptual and empirical studies
Service Strategy based on ITIL V3 : a Management Guide
Reducing ICT Project Failure With Scope Management
Optimized pricing, QoS and segmentation of managed ICT services
Internet-of-things market, value networks, and business models : state of the art report
The ITIL V3 manager's bridge certificate in IT service management : a guide for exam candidates
Examining business models of Software-as-a-Service companies
Collaboration in outsourcing : a journey to quality
Cyber security and IT infrastructure protection
Enhancing understanding of company-wide product data management in ICT companies
Logistics Practices in the Service sector : The case study of New Fairmount Hotel, Zambia
Quality of outsourced IT services in different degrees of offshoring
Book 2010 : development trends in the book trade - summary
Help desk, service desk best practice handbook : building, running and managing effective support : ready to use supporting documents bringing ITIL theory into practice
Evaluating modes of entering Russian market in IT business for the case company
Extending a global brand : case: Dell Finland
Cost-efficient virtual machine management : provisioning, admission control, and consolidation
Improving Education by Intensive Cooperation with IT Companies
ITIL version 3 at a glance : information quick reference
Service Transition based on ITIL V3 : a Management Guide
Value-creating networks : an analysis of the software component business
The Competitiveness of Tampere Central Region in  Localization Decisions of ICT Companies
Services 2020 : competences in the international service society : final report
IT governance : implementing frameworks and standards for the corporate governance of IT
Service intelligence : improving your bottom line with the power of IT service management
China and India online : information technology politics and diplomacy in the world's two largest nations
IT services at TKK
The Open Group IT4IT™ Reference Architecture refers to the capability or capabilities required to manage the business of IT, covering IT end-to-end from plan, through build and operate. It assumes the principle that the business of running IT is industry-agnostic and that IT leaders share the same problems and opportunities in managing the service lifecycle effectively. At the core, these problems are rooted in IT structure, competencies, and capabilities and the missing link has been the lack of an IT operating model. The IT4IT Reference Architecture proposes that it is possible to establish an IT operating model standard mapped to the existing IT landscape yet flexible enough to support the volatility inherent in the IT industry and accommodate changing IT paradigms (composite apps, agile development, mobile technology, multi-sourcing, etc.).
ITIL V3 Foundation complete certification kit : study guide
"There are a lot of activities going on but how do you make those known" : the challenge of organizational environmental communication in ICT-company
The main task for most development-intensive organisations is to create, develop and commercialise new products and services. The technology push (TP) concept is considered an important competitive advantage for companies trying to create breakthrough products. Because development processes are risky and failure rates are high, especially in the case of technology pushed projects, defined success factors are valuable knowledge for the management of development-intensive firms.The prime objective of this study is to present a compact set of TP project success factors in an information and communication technology (ICT) context. Because the literature on new product development and innovation has presented many success factors for developed products, but has done so in a way that presents the factors as having a nebulous nature, the specification of TP success factors is also presented. The success factors are also empirically validated. The goal of the validation was to determine the relevance of the success factors introduced, and potentially define new ones. The validation was performed through an empirical study with semi-structured company interviews.As a result of this study we concluded that one success factor defined through the literature review should be removed due to a lack of relevance, that the other twelve success factors were validated, and three new success factors were identified during the empirical study. Eventually fifteen TP success factors are defined and presented.The practical relevance of this study is to help firm management to recognise the real actions needed to reduce product development risks. The theoretical relevance is in helping scholars to focus on key issues when studying the key factors of breakthrough development cases.
This Bachelor's thesis was created for Dell Finland during the year 2008 for two basic purposes. The first one was to understand the modern aspects of branding and especially global branding due to Dell's recent global consumer strategy change. The second goal was to analyze  the Finnish consumer notebook market and to understand what kind of market shares the competition holds and also how the shares have developed during the last few years. As a result, Dell should gain information on what things to consider more in detail, as these strategy changes might impact the Finnish subsidiary in the near future. This project consists of a branding theory section, an outlook on Dell as a company, the areas Dell is focusing on as a company, a high level empirical analysis of the Finnish personal computer market from 2000 to 2007, a more detailed view on the Finnish consumer notebook market, and finally the conclusion part including suggested focus areas for the future in terms of Dell branding and market understanding. Having looked at the theories on extending a brand as part of a global strategy change, it can be stated that there are many open questions which need answering to ensure a successful brand extension. Nearly all modern theories speak the same message: a modern brand is formed from everything that a company is, does and communicates. This includes every member of an organization and on every level. Internal communication should be emphasized, even if the actual business could be centrally coordinated. Today Dell is heavily concentrated on environmental issues and carrying its share of community involvement. These areas  should also be considered when looking at the consumer communication. In order to create strong brands a unified and clear message is vital. Dell would need to focus on understanding the impact of the retail channel on the Dell brand and the local consumer mind set. The roles and responsibilities of local and central organizations would need to be defined and there needs to be a clear path of escalation. Looking at the market analysis, it is clear that the role of  the consumer notebook business is vital for overall market success in Finland. The impact on the brand visibility is also huge. Only three major brands rule the Finnish consumer market, so winning shares from them is needed to gain any serious market share. Dell can now take the presented questions and make important business decisions on how they want the Dell brand to be perceived. In the long run it is vital to ensure that everything is in sync both locally and centrally. In that sense communication cannot be emphasized enough.
Software innovation in Finland
Key element guide ITIL® service transition
'Data scientist at work' is a collection of interviews with sixteen of the world's most influential and innovative data scientist from across the spectrum of this hot new profession.
"This book is a comprehensive source of information for those interested in tourism and hospitality management, approaches, and trends, and, covers the emerging research topics that will define the future of IT and cultural development in the 21st century"--Provided by publisher.
The Steve Jobs way : iLeadership for a new generation
Infotech : English for computer users : student's book
Internationalisation of ICT companies / case Central  Ostrobothnia Adult Education Centre
Contemporary roles of controllers: a case study from the ICT industry
Brand building process for Voimo Oy
A manager's guide to IT law
Over the years, Information Communications and Technology projects have had a high rate of failure according to previous research findings. The aim of this thesis is to investigate the various factors causing project failure and to show how the problem can be eliminated or reduced by effectively managing the scope of projects. The research approach used was a qualitative method with an empirical investigation. The thesis was divided into two parts, the Theoretical part and Empirical part. The theoretical part introduces the reader to some important literature in ICT project management and knowledge areas. The theoretical part also introduces the various factors of success and failure as published by the Standish Group, in the Chaos Reports. The Empirical part of the thesis further investigates the reasons of failure and shows the role of Scope Management in ICT projects through the interview of professional project managers. The results of this thesis established the important nature of scope management in ICT projects. The results of the thesis further indicated that there was the need for scoping of the project to begin as early as the procurement stage. The result further showed that Scope should be prioritized as a major constraint above the other constraints in project management. The results of this thesis will be useful to all stakeholders involved in ICT projects.
Development of GNT Finland Ltd. services
Probability of growth and profitability conversion in small and medium sized ICT companies
SOFTWARE IN TOURISM INDUSTRY : A Study On Emerging New Niches Of Software In Hotel Industry
IT security interviews exposed : secrets to landing your next information security job
Information technology control and audit
The business of IT : How to improve service and lower costs
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2014 : proceedings of the International Conference in Dublin, Ireland, January 21-24, 2014
The open group IT4IT reference architecture version 2.0
iCon : Steve Jobs, the greatest second act in the history of business
New industries from new places : the emergence of the software and hardware industries in China and India
Data scientists at work
Managing humans : biting and humorous tales of a software engineering manager
The new CIO leader : setting the agenda and delivering results
International IT governance : an executive guide to ISO 17799/ISO 27001
Parallel convergence : national strategies in information technology
Expert update english : electricity and electronics
ICT sector development in the Kainuu region
Improving product development process through verification and validation
Process performance in customer services
Becoming Steve Jobs : how a reckless upstart became a visionary leader
Towards packaged IT consulting services : an illustrative case from IT business
Latvia - The competitive location for it services
ITIL V3 foundation handbook : pocketbook from the official publisher of ITIL
How to build a billion dollar app : discover the secrets of the most successful entrepreneurs of our time
Problem management : an implementation guide for the real world
Security 2020 : Reduce security risks this decade
Frameworks for IT management
Acculturation of foreign IT workers in Japan from a cognitive and business management viewpoint
Smartphones in vocational tourism education : truly useful or just another reason to find new excuses
Defining new directions for user experience design
The Lenovo affair : the growth of China's computer giant and its takeover of IBM-PC
Expectation management in IT organization : case: Company X Oyj
Value-based pricing of ICT services at CitiusNet Ltd
Service operation
Enterprises energy sustainability: ICT approach
Designing patient registry software for Kenyan healthcare
Oulu UAS educates professionals for the needs of Northern Finland, whose competence corresponds to the needs and development of working life in the region. We react quickly to the changes occurring in working life and the requirements of new competence.    At the degree programme of Information Technology we aim to develop our teaching to include more real-life project work: our curricula include increasingly more company-related projects. This way we are able to provide our students with a more realistic view of the everyday work at companies, and also improve their employment opportunities.    The purpose of this publication is to spread the word about the projects and results achieved by the students and staff of the Information Technology department. In addition to student projects, our department is also involved in many domestic and international projects well worth mentioning. Yearly, our students complete hundreds of thesis and project work. This publication also presents good examples of our successful projects.
IT financial management : best practice
Deviations of governance in IT multisourcing : a case study
Finland as a knowledge economy : elements of success and lessons learned : overview
eCompetence for social work
The rich : from slaves to super-yachts : a 2000-year history
Global hospitality and tourism management technologies
Information technology outsourcing : flexible approach to success
The insider's guide to outsourcing risks and rewards
Building a future with BRICs : the next decade for offshoring
Differences in organizational cultures : a challenge for IT projects
Leveraging IT Consultants To Identify Business Trends
Improving the Follow-up of Incentives in Partner programs
Geek Silicon Valley
Reducing ICT project failure with scope management
Reward culture and practices in the IT sector : the experiences and expectations towards work and its' rewards in a Finnish IT service company
Towards increased productivity and quality in software development using agile, lean and collaborative approaches
Information technology project management interview questions : IT project management and project management interview questions, answers, and explanations
Service Design based on ITIL V3 : a Management Guide
This Bachelor's thesis was conducted for a global information technology corporation, Dell Inc. Dell is focusing on diversity and is dedicated to hiring students and recent graduates to join the Dell team by offering internship opportunities in several business departments. This thesis focuses on evaluating the interns' work placement experiences in the EMEA region (Europe, Middle East and Africa). The objective of this thesis was to provide development suggestions to the case company for the further development of its internship program. The focus areas are the interns' satisfaction with the work activities, supervision and feedback, and work community. The thesis process started in February 2013 and ended in November 2013. The theoretical literature studied job satisfaction through a job characteristics model that involves five core dimensions, namely, skill variety, task identity, task significance, autonomy and feedback. This research used a quantitative approach to collect data from the respondents by using an online survey. The data was collected between May and June 2013. The target group included all the interns that are located in Dell's offices in the EMEA region. The online survey response rate was 59% with 119 of 202 interns completing the survey. The results show that the interns' overall satisfaction level is high. The interns have assessed the acquired learning and experience to be of a relatively high level and they have benefited from the internship program at Dell. Some key development action points were given to the case company, such as providing a wider variety of work, more responsibilities and more frequent performance feedback.
Infotech : English for computer users : audio CD
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Building an ITIL-based Service Management department
A guide to customer service skills for the service desk professional
Managing services in the cloud : cloud computing certification kit
Cloud computing as the enabler of the next-generation managed service provider
Evaluation of an IT service agreement
