http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11482 crop cultivation
crop cultivation
Coffee
Introductory crop science
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1996-2003 = Results of official variety trials 1996-2003
Plant cell factories : production of hydrophobin fusion proteins in plant cell cultures
Introduction to research on plant nematology : an FAO guide to the study and control of plant-parasitic nematodes
Proceedings of Ist International Symposium on Sustainable Vegetable Production in Southeast Asia : Salatiga, Indonesia, March 14-17, 2011
Acknowledging that plant nutrition in greenhouse cultivation differs in many essentials from field production, this book details specific information about testing methods for soils and substrates in a greenhouse environment.
Spatial and temporal variation in weather events critical for boreal agriculture: II Precipitation
A linkage map of spring turnip rape based on RFLP and RAPD markers
Potato biology and biotechnology : advances and perspectives
Juncus tenuis found in the Åland Islands, SW Finland
The ultimate guide to growing your own food : save money, live better, and enjoy life with food from your garden or orchard
Sea buckthorn (Hippophae rhamnoides L.) : production and utilization
To remember the faces of the dead
Proceedings of the 2nd Asian regional maize workshop : Jakarta and East Java, Indonesia, April 27 to May 3, 1986.
Principles of horticulture
Biotechnology of the medicinal plant, Rhazya stricta
Effects of sowing time on pink snow mould, leaf rust and winter damage in winter rye varieties in Finland
Bench heating for potplant cultivation : analysis of effects of root - and air temperature on growth, development and production
Use of DNA markers for genetic linkage mapping and analysis of biotic and abiotic stresses in lentil (Lens sp.)
Crop yields and supply of nitrogen compared in conventional and organic farming systems
Proceedings of the International Workshop on Chestnut Management in Mediterranean Countries : problems and prospects : Bursa, Turkey, October 23-25, 2007
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1997-2004 = Results of official variety trials 1997-2004
Crop production in saline environments : global and integrative perspectives
Seasonal occurrence of Lygus bugs on field crops in Finland
The balcony gardener : creative ideas for small spaces
Root nodule bacteria and leguminous plants
The inheritance of the flower colour and the seed colour in Lupinus angustifolius
Use of algae and aquatic macrophytes as feed in small-scale aquaculture : a review
The weed flora in conventionally and organically grown spring cereals was investigated in southern and central Finland during 2007-2009. The survey was conducted in 16 regions, 283 farms and 595 fields (72 organically cropped and 523 conventionally cropped fields, of which 503 were treated with herbicides). The occurrence of weeds was assessed in late July-early August. Altogether 148 weed species were identified, of which 128 were broad-leaved and 20 grass species. In organically cropped fields, the average species number per field was 21 and the most frequent species were Chenopodium album 96%, Stellaria media 94%, Viola arvensis 94% and Elymus repens 89%. In conventionally cropped fields, the average species number was 12 and the most frequent weed species were Viola arvensis 83%, Stellaria media 65%, Galeopsis spp. 59% and Galium spurium 59%. The average density of weeds was 160 m-2 (median = 112) in sprayed conventional fields and 519 m-2 (468) in organic fields. The average air-dry biomass of weeds was 167 kg ha-1 (median = 82) and 775 kg ha-1 (563), respectively. Elymus repens, the most frequent and abundant grass species, produced the highest proportion (about 30%) of the total weed biomass in both cropping systems. The frequency of Galium spurium in conventional cropping and Fumaria officinalis in organic cropping had increased substantially since the previous survey in 1997-1999. The average size of the weed seedbank in the 5 cm surface layer was about 1 700 seeds m-2, the most predominant seeds being of C. album. Although the weed flora in Finnish spring cereal fields consists of numerous species, only a fraction of them severely threaten crop production in terms of their frequency and abundance. Weeds in conventional cropping were effectively controlled with available herbicides whereas weed management in organic cropping calls for urgent measures such as direct mechanical weed control in crop stands, which was not practised at all in survey fields.
Mulching has become an important practice in modern field production. This article reviews the published research on paper mulches and discusses the opportunity that they offer for solving the problems of the immense use of plastics in agriculture and the associated environmental threat. Paper mulches break down naturally after usage and incorporate into the soil. Laying paper mulches in large scale farming is a problem to be solved. The quality of the paper needs to be adapted or improved for mulching purposes, and its price needs to be more competitive with that of plastic mulches. The review shows that there is considerable potential for using paper mulches in agriculture and horticulture.
Effect of annually repeated undersowing on cereal grain yields
Abstract.
Meat and bone meal as nitrogen fertilizer to cereals in Norway
Special requirements of aquaponics in Finland
Aquaponics is a revolutionary system for growing plants by fertilizing them with the waste water from fish in a sustainable closed system. A combination of aquaculture and hydroponics, aquaponic gardening is an amazingly productive way to grow organic vegetables, greens, herbs, and fruits, while providing the added benefits of fresh fish as a safe, healthy source of protein. On a larger scale, it is a key solution to mitigating food insecurity, climate change, groundwater pollution, and the impacts of overfishing on our oceans.
LED lighting for urban agriculture
In this study Mixed structural covariance, Path and Cultivation Value analyses and the CERES-Wheat crop model were used to evaluate vegetation and yield component variation affecting yield potential between different high-latitude (> 60° N lat.) and mid-European (< 60° N lat.) spring wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) genotypes currently cultivated in southern Finland. Path modeling results from this study suggest that especially grains/ear, harvest index (HI) and maximum 1000 kernel weight were significant factors defining the highest yield potential. Mixed and Cultivation value modeling results suggest that when compared with genotypes introduced for cultivation before 1990s, modern spring wheat genotypes have a significantly higher yielding capacity, current high yielding mid-European genotypes even exceeding the 5 t ha-1 non-potential baseline yield level (yb). Because of a forthcoming climate change, the new high yielding wheat genotypes have to adapt for elevated temperatures and atmospheric CO2 growing conditions in northern latitudes. The optimized ideotype profiles derived from the generic high-latitude and mid-European genotypes are presented in the results. High-latitude and mid-European ideotype profiles with factors estimating the effects of concurrent elevated CO2 and temperature levels with photoperiodical daylength effects can be utilized when designing future high yielding ideotypes adapted to future growing conditions. The CERES-Wheat ideotype modeling results imply, that with new high yielding mid-European ideotypes, the non-potential baseline yield (yb) would be on average 5150 kg ha-1 level (+108 %) vs. new high-latitude ideotypes (yb 4770 kg ha-1, 100%) grown under the elevated CO2(700ppm)×temperature(+3°C) growing conditions projected by the year 2100 climate change scenario in southern Finland.
Cocoa and kinship in Ghana : the matrilineal Akan of Ghana
Perfumes and spices : including an account of soaps and cosmetics
Plant production and management under drought conditions : Papers presented at the Symposium, 4-6 October 1982, held at Tulsa, OK, U.S.A
Comfrey : past, present and future
A two-factor field experiment was carried out at the Lithuanian Institute of Agriculture during the period 2005-2008. The influence of different tillage and fertilization practices on wheat grain fungal contamination was evaluated. Grain surface contamination and internal grain infection with fungi were quantified using agar tests. Purified colonies were identified using different manuals. A total of 16 fungal genera were identified in spring and winter wheat grains. Alternaria infected 46.3% - 99.9%, Cladosporium 26.9% - 77.8%, Fusarium 0.9% - 37.1%, Penicillium 1.3% - 2.5% of grains tested. Winter wheat grain surface contamination by fungi ranged from 7.2 × 103 to 24.8 × 103 of colony forming units per g of grain (cfu g-1), spring wheat from 14.8 × 103 to 80.3 × 103 cfu g-1. No-tillage increased winter wheat grain infection by Alternaria, Aspergillus and Cladosporium species and total count of cfu g-1 on spring wheat grain surface. High fertilizer rates resulted in an increase in spring wheat grain infection by Fusarium and Penicillium species and total count of cfu g-1 on both spring and winter wheat grain surface.
Weeds in spring cereal fields in Finland - a third survey
Physiological aspects of crop productivity : proceedings of the 15th colloquium of the International Potash Institute held in Wageningen/The Netherlands
Protein crop production at the northern margin of farming : to boost or not to boost
Irrigation in Central Asia in figures : AQUASTAT survey-2012
The botany of desire : a plant's-eye view of the world
Proceedings of the 1st International Symposium on Medicinal, Aromatic and Nutraceutical Plants from Mountainous Areas : Map-Mountain 2011 : Saas-Fee, Switzerland, July 6-9, 2011
This report, prepared with the participation of member countries as well as the public and private sectors, demonstrates the central role plant genetic diversity continues to play in shaping agriculture growth in the face of climate change and other environmental challenges. It provides the decision-makers with a technical basis for policy and technical decision to strengthen national efforts. It also aims to attract the attention of the global community to set priorities for the effective management of plant genetic resources for the future. Country reports and thematic studies are available on the accompanying CD-ROM.--Publisher's description.
Proceedings of the IInd International Conference on Landscape and Urban Horticulture : Bologna, Italy, June 9 - 13, 2009.. Vol. 2
Biodiversity and agricultural intensification: Partners for development and conservation
A comparative ideotype, yield component and cultivation value analysis for spring wheat adaptation in Finland
The impact of host mycotrophy on arbuscular mycorrhizal fungal (AMF) markers was studied in a temperate agricultural soil cropped with mycorrhizal barley, flax, reed canary-grass, timothy, caraway and quinoa and non-mycorrhizal buckwheat, dyer's woad, nettle and false flax. The percentage of AMF root colonization, the numbers of infective propagules by the Most Probable Number (MPN) method, and the amounts of signature Phospholipid Fatty Acid (PLFA) 16:1ω5 and Neutral Lipid Fatty Acid (NLFA) 16:1ω5 were measured as AMF markers.  Crop had a significant impact on MPN levels of AMF, on NLFA 16:1ω5 levels in bulk and rhizosphere soil and on PLFA 16:1ω5 levels in rhizosphere soil. Reed canary-grass induced the highest levels of AMF markers. Mycorrhizal markers were at low levels in all non-mycorrhizal crops. NLFA 16:1ω5 and the ratio of NLFA to PLFA 16:1ω5 from bulk soil are adequate methods as indicators of AMF biomass in soil.
Effects of lighting, semi-closed greenhouse and split-root fertigation on energy use and CO2 emissions in high latitude cucumber growing
Agrobiology : Esseys on problems of genetics, plant breeding and seed growing
Proceedings of the International Pearl Millet workshop, 7-11 April 1986, ICRISAT Center, India
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2003-2010 = Results of official variety trials 2003-2010
Rice crop establishment in monsoonal Asia : with emphasis on Indian conditions : a review of literature with comments
Weed occurrence in Finnish coastal regions : a survey of organically cropped spring cereals
Proceedings of the XIIIth International Conference on Medicinal and Aromatic Plants : Cairo, Egypt October 3-5, 2009
CIGR handbook of agricultural engineering. Vol. 3, Plant production engineering
The response of watercress (Nasturtium officinale L.) to salinity has been scarcely addressed in literature despite its growing importance in the baby-leaf market and its wide cultivation in salt-affected agricultural regions. This work evaluates the effect of salinity (2.5, 5 and 10 dS m-1) on productive and quality features of watercress compared with another crop widely cultivated for the baby-leaf sector (lettuce, Lactuca sativa). In watercress, a linear relationship (R2=0.75) was observed between yield decrease and Cl- accumulation in leaves, whereas yield was not affected by salinity in lettuce. NaCl application increased Na+ accumulation at the expense of Ca2+ uptake in the leaf tissues of both crops, but also of K+ in watercress. Health-related features were improved by salinity (e.g. increased phenolics and reduced nitrates), especially in watercress, with limited sensorial quality evaluation effects..
Allocation of added selenium in lettuce and its impact on roots
Can protoplast production from in vitro cultured shoots of Tanacetum vary during the season?
Effect of mycorrhiza and phosphorus content in nutrient solution on the yield and nutritional status of tomato plants grown  on rockwool or coconut coir
Catastrophic yield risks and the demand for crop insurance in Finland
Socio-economic impacts of non-transgenic biotechniologies in developing countries: The case of plant micropropagation in Africa
Liquid gold : the lore and logic of using urine to grow plants
Insect pollination of crops
Home herbal : cultivating herbs for your health, home and wellbeing
Introduction to crop husbandry : (including grassland)
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Vegetable Safety and Human Health : Beijing, China August 21-23, 2006
Climate change adaptation in arable land use, and impact on nitrogen load at catchment scale in northern agriculture
This technical paper presents a global review on the use of aquatic macrophytes as feed for farmed fish, with particular reference to their current and potential use by small-scale farmers. The review is organized under four major divisions of aquatic macrophytes: algae, floating macrophytes, submerged macrophytes and emergent macrophytes. Under floating macrophytes, Azolla, duckweeds and water hyacinths are discussed separately; the remaining floating macrophytes are grouped together and are reviewed as 'other floating macrophytes'. The review covers aspects concerned with the production and/or cultivation techniques and use of the macrophytes in their fresh and/or processed state as feed for farmed fish. Efficiency of feeding is evaluated by presenting data on growth, food conversion and digestibility of target fish species. Results of laboratory and field trials and on-farm utilization of macrophytes by farmed fish species are presented. The paper provides information on the different processing methods employed (including composting and fermentation) and results obtained to date with different species throughout the world with particular reference to Asia. Finally, it gives information on the proximate and chemical composition of most commonly occurring macrophytes, their classification and their geographical distribution and environmental requirements
200 veg-growing basics
Food security and vegetables : a global perspective
Composition of weed flora in spring cereals in Finland : a fourth survey
A small stand of Slender Rush or Path Rush, Juncus tenuis Willd., was found on trampled gravelly and stony ground at the edge of a car park on a path to café Soltuna on the hills of Geta (Getabergen). There were only 3 larger and 13 small tussocks of the species growing on approximately one square metre. The accompanying vascular plants were few; Agrostis cf. capillaris, Juncus effusus, Leontodon autumnalis, Plantago major subsp. major and Poa annua were the only taxa observed among the rush tussocks. Juncus tenuis was not seen during investigations of the vascular plant flora at Soltuna in 2003 and 2007. Juncus tenuis is introduced from North America to Europe and elsewhere....
Society's resources are scarce, and biosecurity actions need to be targeted and prioritised. Various models have been developed that prioritise and rank pests and diseases according to the risks they represent. A prioritisation model allows utilisation of scientific, ecological and economic information in decision-making related to biological hazards. This study discusses such models and the properties associated with them based on a review of 78 prioritisation studies. The scope of the models includes all aspects of biosecurity (human, animal and plant diseases, and invasive alien species), but with an emphasis on plant health. The geographical locations of the studies are primarily North America, Europe, Australia and New Zealand. Half of the studies were conducted during the past five years. The review finds that there generally seems to be several prioritisation models, especially in the case of invasive plants, but only a select few models are used extensively. Impacts are often accounted for in the model, but the extent and economic sophistication of their inclusion varies. Treatment of uncertainty and feasibility of control was lacking from many studies.
Opportunities for increasing crop yields : taken from proceedings of a meeting, held at the University of Reading, 17-21 September 1979 to celebrate the 75th anniversary of the Association of Applied Biology
Crops and environmental change : an introduction to effects of global warming, increasing atmospheric CO2 and O3 concentrations, and soil salinization on crop physiology and yield
The national crop wild relative strategy report for Finland
Community gardening handbook : plant & grow together
Root adaptation and ion selectivity affects the nutritional value of salt-stressed hydroponically grown baby-leaf Nasturtium officinale and Lactuca sativa
This book (28 chapters), which is the 17th volume in the Crop Production Science in Horticulture Series (18 volumes that focus on scientific principles underlying production practices for economically important horticultural crops from major production systems in temperate, subtropical and tropical climatic areas), summarizes the available information regarding the origin, taxonomy, breeding, physiology, agronomy, pathology (pests and diseases) and processing of cassava, sweet potato, yams and aroids (mainly Alocasia macrorrhiza, Amorphophallus campanulatus, Colocasia esculenta, Cyrtosperma merkusii and Xanthosoma sagittifolium). This book is for researchers, farmers, students and all stakeholders in developing countries, and for those who are working in international institutions.
Plant nutrition of greenhouse crops
Soil nitrate N as influenced by annually undersown cover crops in spring cereals
The aim of organic agriculture is to produce food of high nutritional quality in sufficient quantity. Field experiments were conducted to evaluate the effect of organic and conventional growing systems on (i) total amounts and supply of N taken up or applied to plants during a five year crop cycle period and (ii) crops total dry matter (DM) yield obtained during same period. The total DM yields from the organic treatments were 25-33% smaller than from the conventional treatments. The ratio of N output/N input was significantly the smallest in the organic treatment with cattle manure, where only 37% of all supplied N was used by plants during the crop cycle period. The organic fertiliser with faster mineralisation rate and splitting the application of organic N during crop cycle period would be more appropriate to supply sufficient quantities of N during rapid plant growth and to obtain higher crop yields in organic farming systems.
Improving crop productivity in sustainable agriculture
1001 plants you must grow before you die
Creating urban agriculture systems : an integrated approach to design
Carbon sequestration potential of agroforestry systems : opportunities and challenges
Nuclear radiation in food and agriculture
Comparative experiments with field crops
Sorghum- and pearl millet based intercropping systems
Medicinal plants at home : more than 100 easy, practical, and efficient natural remedies
Feasibility of paper mulches in crop production : a review
Plant communities of field boundaries in Finnish farmland
The effect of different tillage-fertilization practices on the mycoflora of wheat grains
Climate change and management of cool season grain legume crops
Plant factory : an indoor vertical farming system for efficient quality food production
Agricultural drainage water management in arid and semi-arid areas
A longer growing season and higher accumulated effective temperature sum (ETS) will improve crop production potential in Finland. The production potential of new or at present underutilised crops (e.g. maize (Zea mays L.), oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.), lucerne (Medicago sativa L.)) will improve and it will be possible to grow more productive varieties of the currently grown crops (spring wheat (Triticum aestivum L.), barley (Hordeum vulgare L.), oats (Avena sativa L.)). Also cultivation of autumn sown crops could increase if winters become milder and shorter, promoting overwintering success. Climatic conditions may on the other hand become restrictive in many ways. For example, early season droughts could intensify because of higher temperatures and consequent higher evaporation rates. Current low winter temperatures and short growing season help restrict the development and spread of pests and pathogens, but this could change in the future. Longer growing seasons, warmer autumns and milder winters may initiate new problems with higher occurrences of weeds, pests and pathogens, including new types of viruses and virus vectors. Anoxia of overwintering crops caused by ice encasement, and physical damage caused by freezing and melting of water over the fields may also increase. In this study we identify the most likely changes in crop species and varieties in Finland and the pest and pathogen species that are most likely to create production problems as a result of climate change during this century.
Proceedings of the IIIrd International Symposium on Papaya : Chiang Mai, Thailand, December 19-22, 2011
Prolongation of the growing season due to a warming climate could represent new opportunities for northern agriculture. Climatic and biotic constraints may challenge future crop production. The objective of this study was to speculate how a range of arable land use patterns, resulting from various policy driven choices, could be introduced into a farming system, and how they would affect the risks associated with nutrient leaching. We found that while adaptation to climate change must include consideration of crop choices, there are conflicts associated with allocations and rotations for various market and policy situations. The expected increase in nutrient loading in the simulations caused by climate change was moderate. The increase can partly be compensated for by changes in farmland use, more in the shorter term than in the longer term to mid-century. In the future, adaptation at cropping system level is potentially an efficient way to manage nutrient load risks.
The management of yield determinants in spring-sown rapeseed (Brassica campestris and Brassica napus)
Pests and diseases in a changing climate a major challenge for Finnish crop production
Proceedings of the International CIPA Conference 2012 on Plasticulture for a Green Planet, Tel Aviv, Israel, May 15-17, 2012
Climate change and agriculture : theory and application of mitigation policies
The aim of this study is to present the light emitting diode (LED) technology for greenhouse plant lighting and to give an overview about LED light effects on photosynthetic indices, growth, yield and nutritional value in green vegetables and tomato, cucumber, sweet pepper transplants. The sole LED lighting, applied in closed growth chambers, as well as combinations of LED wavelengths with conventional light sources, fluorescent and high pressure sodium lamp light, and natural illumination in greenhouses are overviewed. Red and blue light are basal in the lighting spectra for green vegetables and tomato, cucumber, and pepper transplants; far red light, important for photomorphogenetic processes in plants also results in growth promotion. However, theoretically unprofitable spectral parts as green or yellow also have significant physiological effects on investigated plants. Presented results disclose the variability of light spectral effects on different plant species and different physiological indices.
Boron fertilisation of organically managed grass-clover swards on coarse-textured soils: effects on botanical and element composition
This paper explores the idea of environmental knowledge by focusing on the social construction of agricultural biodiversity. The fieldwork was conducted in 2003-2004 in Ghana. The research methodology consisted of interviewing and focus group discussions. The respondents varied from researchers and government officials to members of women's farming groups who cultivate rice. This paper argues that by understanding how agricultural biodiversity is constructed it is possible to highlight different ways of understanding the environment by different actors. The paper begins with an overview of the emergence of agricultural biodiversity as a global environmental issue. With this background in mind, this paper examines the different ways of construction and conservation of Oryza glaberrima, the indigenous rice variety of Ghana. Three different discursive positions, ranging from scientific to local knowledge, are identified. The Agric, Diversity and Local discourse frame and categorise rice and other crop varieties in a different manner. The categories identified reflect the visible characteristics of the varieties and their social meanings, related to their use or function in the wider social context. These different categories are corresponding and conflicting, as well as inclusive and exclusive, and have become institutionalised into social rules, norms and practices, which further establish the efforts to conserve O. glaberrima.
The story of a grain of wheat : with forty illustrations
Effects of gradual and sudden heat stress on seed quality of Andean lupin, Lupinus mutabilis
Proceedings of International Symposium on Medicinal and Aromatic Plants : Chiang Mai, Thailand, December 15-18, 2011
Amaranth to zai holes : ideas for growing food under difficult conditions
Results of the official variety trials 2009-2016.
There is great temporal and spatial variation in precipitation in Finland. Both drought episodes and repeated, abundant rains may interfere with crop growth, yield and quality formation, and many agricultural operations (such as tillage, sowing, crop protection and harvesting). The windows for optimal operations are often narrow due to the short growing season and variable weather conditions. Field traffic at high soil moisture may e.g. cause soil compaction. Also, the high environmental footprint on agriculture under high latitude conditions is often attributable to fluctuations in precipitation. The station-wise precipitation observations from the Finnish Meteorological Institute for the time period of 54 years (1961‒2014) were interpolated to a regular 10 km × 10 km grid covering the whole country. Several successive time slices were used to calculate the likelihood of: 1) drought periods and 2) periods with repeated rains with above normal precipitation sum so that both of these lasted for at least a) two weeks or b) three weeks. We demonstrated substantial spatial and temporal variation in the likelihood of drought and repeated rains: drought episodes were common during the early half of the growing season, while again repeated rains with high accumulated precipitation (lasting for two weeks) became common in the latter part of the growing season. Though, we highlighted in this paper some examples of how these events may affect agriculture and their environmental impacts, the datasets published here may be applied for many other assessments.
The 5th Regional wheat workshop for Eastern, Central and Southern Africa and the Indian Ocean, Antsirabe, Madagascar, October 5-10, 1987
Biology and ecology of weeds
On the possibilities of growing taraxacum koksaghyz in Finland : on basis of the investigations conducted in the years 1943-1948
Lockhart & Wiseman's crop husbandry including grassland
Straw bale gardens : the breakthrough method for growing vegetables anywhere, earlier and with not weeding
Soilless growth of plants : use of nutrient solutions, water, sand, cinder, etc
Seed biology and the yield of grain crops
Environmental impacts of conventionally and year-round produced greenhouse tomato (Solanum lycopersicum L.) production chain in Finland
Weed flora and weed management of field peas in Finland
The complete book of herbs
Weed management for developing countries. Addendum 1
The potato: its history and culture : with descriptive list of varieties raised and introduced
Plant growth regulators for higher plants, January 1979-February 1988 : citations from AGRICOLA concerning diseases and other environmental considerations
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Urban and Peri-Urban Horticulture in the Century of Cities : Lessons, Challenges, Opportunities : Dakar, Senegal, December 6-9, 2010
Modern greenhouse pepper production should evolve towards more sustainable systems. The growing technique which combines soilless culture and biostimulants may reduce nutrient and water use with beneficial impact on the environment. Therefore, this work aimed to investigate effects of biostimulants application on hydroponically produced pepper plants (Capsicum annuum L.) in conditions of reduced fertilization. Positive influence of biostimulant treatment on yield parameters was observed along with significant decrease in incidence of blossom-end rot (BER) in two pepper cultivars. Biostimulants application resulted in overall increase in macro- and microelement content in fruits of treated pepper cultivars. Generally, biostimulants improved the yield of pepper plants grown hydroponically by increasing the nutrient uptake and decreasing the occurrence of BER. Thus, the application of biostimulants could be considered as a good production strategy for obtaining high yields of nutritionally valuable vegetables with lower impact on the environment.
Crop variety trials : data management and analysis
Fruits and vegetables in West Africa
Green auctions with joint environmental benefits
Maximising the use of biological nitrogen fixation in agriculture : report of an FAO/IAEA Technical Expert Meeting held in Rome, 13-15 March 2001
Beginner's illustrated guide to gardening : techniques to help you get started
Tropical root and tuber crops : cassava, sweet potato, yams and aroids
Influence of changes in crop cultivation areas on pollen contents of honey
The effects of light-emitting diode lighting on greenhouse plant growth and quality
Impact of temperature and germination time on the success of a C4 weed in a C3 crop : Amaranthus retroflexus and spring barley
Outrageously fun things to do : lots of really crafty things to make!
Crop productivity
Technical guideline for sorghum and millet seed production
Modern rice technology and income distribution in Asia
Wheat : botany, cultivation, and utilization
Intercropped red beet and radish with green bean affected microbial communities and nodulation by indigenous rhizobia
Regional P stocks in soil and in animal manure as compared to P requirement of plants in Finland : Baltic Forum for Innovative Technologies for Sustainable Manure Management : WP4 Standardisation of manure types with focus on phosphorus
Effects of high temperatures during the growing season on grain yield and yield components in wheat
Introduction to crop husbandry
Roots of arable crops : production, growth dynamics and nitrogen content
Elevation in temperatures due to climate change could promote the invasion by C4 weed species of arable fields in the boreal region, which are dominated by C3 crops. The success of Amaranthus retroflexus L. (a C4 weed) in spring barley (a C3 crop) was studied at current and elevated temperatures (3°C difference) in a greenhouse experiment in southern Finland. The competition treatments included no competition and four levels of competition with barley, differing in terms of germination time. The success of A. retroflexus was measured as growth (height and biomass) and seed production (number and biomass). Elevation in temperature enhanced seed production of A. retroflexus, but the impact on growth was minor (only difference in plant height in one treatment). The growth and seed production of A. retroflexus in competition with barley was minimal although the growth of barley decreased with the rise in temperature. The results indicate that climate change could improve growth of a C4 weed such as A. retroflexus, but it is unlikely to succeed in spring barley.
Root development of field crops
Vegetable gums and resins
Virallisten lajikokeiden tulokset 1994 - 2001 = Results of officialvariety trials 1994 - 2001
Responses of mustard (Brassica campestris) and rice (Oryza sativa) cultivars to tropospheric ozone in India : results from EDU treatments
Herbal medicine production : breeding and cultivation of salicylates producing plants
Alien pest species in agriculture and horticulture in Finland
New crops
Cereal quality III : [proceedings of the third AAB conference on cereal quality held at] Churchill College, Cambridge from 13-15th December 1993.
Fundamentals of plant science
International code of nomenclature for cultivated plants : (I.C.N.C.P. or Cultivated Plant Code) : incorporating the rules and recommendations for naming plants in cultivation
Exploring environmental knowledge: the construction and conservation of agricultural biodiversity in Ghana
The second report on the state of the world's plant genetic resources for food and agriculture
Content of zinc, iron and their absorption inhibitors in Nicaraguan common beans (Phaseolus vulgaris L.)
"This publication provides planners, decision-makers and engineers with guidelines to sustain irrigated agriculture and at the same time to protect water resources from the negative impacts of agricultural drainage water disposal. On the basis of case studies from Central Asia, Egypt, India, Pakistan and the United States of America, it distinguishes four broad groups of drainage water management options: water conservation, drainage water reuse, drainage water disposal and drainage water treatment"--P. [4] of cover.
Effects of supplemental lighting, semi-closed greenhouse and split-root fertigation on weekly to seasonal heat and electricity use and CO2 emissions in cucumber growing were estimated in Finland. With moderate lighting (170 W m-2 above rows, 60 W m-2 inter-row) in a ventilated greenhouse, seasonal electricity and heat use (MJ kg-1 cucumber) were 20-50 and 10-25, 17-30 and 3-8, 38-55 and 10-18 in spring, summer and autumn to mid-winter, respectively. In summer, a semi-closed greenhouse improved energy use efficiency by 20-30% and split-root fertigation by 0-15%. Raising light intensity and applying inter- row lighting allowed higher yields in autumn to mid-winter without affecting electricity use efficiency. In other seasons, increasing the lighting decreased the efficiency. The emissions largely resulted from electricity use. Direct emissions (kg CO2-eq kg-1) based on propane and electricity from the national grid were 2.5, 1.5 and 3.3 in spring, summer and autumn to mid-winter, respectively. Efficiency of using solar and supplemental PAR was markedly lower in summer than in other seasons. The results provide profile of energy use and emissions and point to ways to reduce them.
Atmospheric impact of bioenergy based on reed canary grass cultivation on organic soil
Gardening under plastic : how to use fleece, films, cloches and polytunnels
ESTABLISHMENT OF SHORT ROTATION WOODY CROP TRIALS IN ATLANTIC CANADA
The girls' book of crafts & activities
Russian comfrey : a hundred tons an acre of stock feed or compost for farm, garden or smallholding
Agriculture in the European Union : statistical and economic information 2002
Aquaponic gardening : a step-by-step guide to raising vegetables and fish together
Biochemical aspects of crop improvement
Producing Sea Buckthorn of High Quality : proceedings of the 3rd European Workshop on Sea Buckthorn : Naantali, Finland, October 14-16, 2014
Neutral lipid fatty acid analysis is a sensitive marker for quantitative estimation of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi in agricultural soil with crops of different mycotrophy
Vistas in botany. Vol. 2, Applied botany
NJF Seminar 405 : Production and utilization of crops for energy, Vilnus, Lithuania 25-26 September 2007
Pocket guide to varieties of potatoes
A colour atlas of plant propagation and conservation
Fireweed, roseroot, Bergenia and chokeberry : joint research for supporting the herb production
Cold hardiness research on agricultural and horticultural crops in Finland
Mountain farming is family farming : a contribution from mountain areas to the international year of family farming 2014
Global changes in food demand resulting from population growth and more meat-intensive diets require an increase in global protein crop production, not least as climate change and increasing scarcity of fresh water could restrict future production. In contrast to many other regions, in Finland climate change could open new opportunities through enabling more diverse cropping systems. It is justified to re-enquire whether the extent and intensity of protein crop production are optimized, resources are used efficiently and sustainably, cropping systems are built to be resilient and whether ecological services that protein crops provide are utilized appropriately. This paper aims to analyze in a descriptive manner the biological grounds for sustainable intensification of protein crop production in Finland. Production security is considered by evaluating the effects of and likelihood for constraints typical for northern conditions, examining historical and recent crop failures and estimating ecosystem services that more extensive introduction of protein crops potentially provide for northern cropping systems now and in a changing climate. There is an evident potential to expand protein crop production sustainably to a couple of times its current area. In general, variability in protein yields tends to be higher for protein crops than spring cereals. Nevertheless, protein yield variability was not necessarily systematically higher for Finland, when compared with other European regions, as it was for cereals. Protein crops provide significant ecological services that further support their expanded production. By this means protein self-sufficiency remains unrealistic, but increased production of protein crops can be achieved. The expansion of rapeseed and legumes areas also seems to be economically feasible. From the economic viewpoint, an increase in domestic protein supply requires that farmers have economic incentives to a) cultivate protein-rich crops instead of cereals, and b) use them as animal feed instead of imported sources of protein. Environmental sustainability is an argument to justify economic support for protein-rich crops and thus increase their cultivation.
FloraCulture international
Genetic engineering in the plant sciences
Results of the official variety trials 2008-2015.
Biotechnologies at work for smallholders : case studies from developing countries in crops, livestock and fish
Nitrogen effect and impact of white lupin as green manure in cereal-rich crop rotation.
Symposium on the agrometeorology of the potato, Wageningen, Netherlands, 9-11 April 1987
2009 organic farm management handbook
Characterization of soils in relation to their classification and management for crop production : examples from some areas of the humid tropics
The complete guide to soilless gardening
Principles of field crop production
Grasses : a guide to their structure, identification, uses, and distribution in the British Isles
Root development of vegetable crops
Spatial and temporal variation in weather events critical for boreal agriculture: III Frost and winter time fluctuation
International crop science 1
Movement-associated proteins of potato virus A : attachment to virus particles and phosphorylation
Principles of arable crop production
Sustainable market farming : intensive vegetable production on a few acres
Sunflower for food, fodder and fertility
Seed campaigns : guidelines for promoting the use of quality seeds in developing countries
In the boreal zone of Europe, differences between the four seasons are considerable. Also, the within-season variation in climatic conditions is substantial. This has many impacts on agriculture that are exceptional when compared to any other environmental zone in Europe. All the meteorological data were based on weather observations made by the Finnish Meteorological Institute. Likelihood (%) for soil frost (≤ 0 °C at 20 cm soil depth) at nine weather stations, and late snow cover (> 1 cm) (10 km × 10 km grid) were estimated for late spring. Probabilities (%) of night frost at the ground surface (March-September) were calculated at nine weather stations by frequencies of the lowest observed night-time temperature: a) between -2 and -5 °C (mild), b) ≤ -5 °C (moderate) and c) ≤ -9 °C (severe). Also, the probabilities (%) of night frost in mid-summer were estimated (≤ -1 °C for at least five hours). Furthermore, a significant shift from mild to below-freezing conditions was measured in winter as a period of at least ten days with daily maximum temperatures above 0°C followed by at least a 10-day period with daily mean temperatures below -5°C in order to characterize high fluctuating winter conditions. All these except late snow cover constitute high risks to crop production. Deep soil frost may postpone sowings, while in advanced springs, night frost may cause damage. For winter crops and perennials, shifts from mild to cold spells outside the growing season are particularly detrimental. Again the data may have many other applications beyond the assessments highlighted in this paper.
Recycling of biomass ashes / Heribert Insam, Brigitte A. Knapp (editors)
Crop loss assessment in rice : papers given at the International Workshop on Crop Loss Assessment to Improve Pest Management in Rice and Rice-based Cropping Systems in South and Southeast Asia, 11-17 October 1987.
Studies on the effect of the admixture of mineral soil upon the thermal conditions of cultivated peat land
Coffee : botany, cultivation, utilization
Innovative institutions, public policies and private strategies for agro-enterprise development
Domestication of plants in the Old World : the origin and spread of domesticated plants in Southwest Asia, Europe, and the Mediterranean Basin
Pictorial practical rose growing : a concise guide
Ginseng and other medicinal plants : a book of valuable information for growers as well as collectors of medicinal roots, barks, leaves, etc
Plant science : an introduction to world crops
Management of vertisols for improved agricultural production : proceedings of an IBSRAM inaugural workshop, 18-22 February 1985, ICRISAT Center, India
Genetic variability in the physiological responses of Andean lupin to drought stress
The plant propagator's bible
Contributed articles presented at the International Conference on Vegetables during November 2002, at Bangalore, India.
The effect of frequency and height of cutting on cocksfoot swards
Commercial cultivars and farmers' access to crop diversity: a case study from the Nordic region
Crop production : cereals and legumes
Waterlogging signalling and tolerance in plants
Nitrogen fertilizer rates, N balances, and related risk of N leaching in Finnish agriculture
Shelter effect : investigations into the aerodynamics of shelter and its effects on climate and crops
Finnish Grain Quality in 2013.
Nutrient solution aeration and growing cycles affect quality and yield of fresh-cut baby leaf red lettuce
The chromosome behaviour of some dioecious plants and their relatives with special reference to the sex chromosomes
Treadle pumps for irrigation in Africa
The strawberry in North America : history, origin, botany, and breeding
The impact of intercropping green bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) with red beet (Beta vulgaris L. var. rubra) and radish (Raphanus sativus L.), two non-legume plants, on the plants' yields, as well as the effect on occurrence and enumeration of microorganisms in the rhizosphere was studied. The intercrop efficacy evaluation, using Land equivalent ratio, revealed values above 1.0 for all intercropped treatments. Diversity of rhizobia from green bean nodules under different intercropping and fertilizing conditions was observed. On the basis of morphological and biochemical characteristics, 67 out of 158 isolates from green bean roots were selected as rhizobia (42.4%), confirmed by detection of 780 bp nifH gene fragments in nifH-PCR, and then clustered in 27 phenotype patterns. Production of exopolysaccharide succinoglycan was observed in 23 rhizobial isolates, while 6 were detected to solubilize tricalcium phosphate. Screening of genetic diversity using (GTG)5-PCR fingerprinting showed presence of six different patterns on the 92% similarity level.
Rural biology
Introduction to potato production
Crop physiological characterization of barley genotypes adapted to low and high productivity environments
Growing food in a short season : sustainable, organic cold-climate garderning
Maintenance of male sterile germplasm in Brassica rapa in vitro propagation
Twentieth century potatoes
Managing Sonchus arvensis using mechanical and cultural methods
A review of risk prioritisation schemes of pathogens, pests and weeds: principles and practices
My first gardening book : 35 easy and fun projects for budding gardeners
Essays on socially optimal phosphorus policies in crop production
Influence of plant developmental stage on DNA yield and extractability in MON810 maize
Pictorial practical potato growing : a concise guide
Crop ecology : productivity and management in agricultural systems
Effect of nitrogen fertilization, grass species and cultivar on sod production on Valkeasuo peat bog - a case study
Three trials were performed on two organic farms with dairy and suckler cows and using home-produced forage and feed crops, predominantly grass-clover ley, in order to determine whether boron (B) is a limiting factor for legumes on coarse-textured soils in an area predisposed to low B soil concentrations. The effects of B fertilisation (applied as sprayed liquid) on biomass yield, botanical composition and plant macro- and micronutrient concentrations relative to soil concentrations and livestock requirements were investigated. Boron fertilisation (i) did not affect any yield, (ii) increased the white clover percentage significantly in forage on one farm and (iii) increased B concentrations in plants and soil on both farms, and (iv) did not affect concentrations of other nutrients in forage on either farm. Thus, B was not an obvious limiting factor on these farms. Effects of management practices on interactions and   ratios between B, calcium (Ca), potassium (K), magnesium (Mg) and sodium (Na) and their implications are discussed.
Chocolate science and technology
Sugar-beet nutrition
Value from village processing
Effects of P level in nutrient solution and the colonization of roots by arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi (AMF) on P uptake by tomato plants, their nutritional status, yield and quality of fruits were studied. Plants were grown on rockwool or coconut coir. Inoculation by a mixture of several AMF species was performed three times during the growing period. The mycorrhizal frequency in roots inoculated with AMF amounted to 35.79 - 50.82%. The highest level of mycorrhiza was found in plants receiving nutrient solution with a lower concentration of P. Among the experimental factors, only P level influenced the fruit yield, being higher from plants receiving a nutrient solution with a higher P level. A higher concentration of P in nutrient solution imposed better nutritional status of plants. Higher contents of ascorbic acid and total soluble sugars were found in fruits collected from inoculated plants, grown on rockwool.
Policy support guidelines for the promotion of sustainable production intensification and ecosystem services
Weed flora in organically grown spring cereals in Finland
Agricultural diversification is one way of meeting the future challenges associated with climate change and population growth, making farmers' access to a diversity of high-yielding, good quality cultivars critical. In this paper we provide an overview of the seed system in the Nordic region from the 1950 to the present. The emphasis  is on breeding businesses and their production of cultivars. Key primary sources have been the national variety lists, other written sources on plant breeding, and a survey. We document how enterprises have merged and how this consolidation process has affected the production of new cultivars and led to an emphasis on major crops, resulting in the abandonment of breeding activities for several other crops. The results are discussed in relation to structures and in the broader context of agrobiodiversity issues in peripheral regions of the world.
How to grow fruits, vegetables & houseplants without soil : the secrets of hydroponic gardening revealed
Effect of nitrogen on malting barley quality
The objective of this research was to study the effects of nutrient solution aeration [no aeration (NA), low aeration (LA) or high aeration (HA)] and growing cycle (autumn, winter and summer) on the yield, quality, and shelf life of red lettuce as a fresh-cut product grown in a floating system. The specific leaf area, yield and root diameter were affected by the growing cycle. The percentage of dry matter and the nitrate content were affected by growing cycle and aeration, total phenolics and mesophilic microorganism by aeration and storage time, hue angle and chromacity by growing cycle and storage time, and antioxidant capacity, vitamin C, lightness and psychrophilic microorganisms were affected by all three factors. NA conditions increased the antioxidant capacity in summer and vitamin C content in winter. The lowest mesophilic and psychrophilic count was observed in autumn. The effect of aeration on most of the quality parameters measured was influenced by the growing cycle.
Natural biostimulants reduce the incidence of BER in sweet yellow pepper plants (Capsicum annuum L.)
Improving yield and nitrogen fixation of grain legumes in the tropics and sub-tropics of Asia : results of a co-ordinated research programme organized by the Joint FAO/IAEA Division of Nuclear Techniques in Food and Agriculture
The amount and extractability of DNA in different parts of MON810 GM hybrid was studied during different developmental stages. To quantify GM contents, an evaluation was performed of the effect of plant development stage on DNA density. To this end, the evolution of weights, absolute DNA yields, DNA densities and ratios of endosperm and embryo relative to total maize kernel were studied. Sampling at four stages during the growth shows an influence on relative GM quantification based on haploid genome equivalents, due to the specific maize seed composition and differences in DNA extractability from different seed tissues. During plant growth, plant parts with potential GM genes (embryo in kernel and cob on total plant) increase in importance on weight and DNA concentration level, while the endosperm drops in relative importance. Expected % GM maize values are calculated for a whole field harvest of grain maize.
Plant adaptation to temperature and photoperiod
Lihaluujauho kauran lannoitteena : teurastamoteollisuuden sivutuote lannoitteeksi = Meat and bone meal as fertilizer for oats : from slaughter house waste to fertilizer
Botany and horticulture of the genus freesia (Iridaceae)
Seed wars : controversies and cases on plant genetic resources and intellectual property
Kasvinviljelyosaston julkaisut 1910-1985 = Publikationer från Avdelningen för växtodling 1910-1985 = Publications of the Department of Crop Science 1910-1985
Svalöf 1886-1946 : history and present problems
