http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1145 lasers
lasers
Feasibility of industrial implementation of laser cutting into paper making machines
Intracavity laser spectroscopy
The Springer Handbook of Lasers and Optics provides fast, up-to-date, comprehensive and authoritative coverage of the wide fields of optics and lasers. It is written for daily use in the office or laboratory and offers explanatory text, data, and references needed for anyone working with lasers and optical instruments. This second edition features numerous updates and additions. Especially four new chapters on Fiber Optics, Integrated Optics, Frequency Combs, and Interferometry reflect the major changes. In addition, chapters Optical Materials and Their Properties, Optical Detectors, Nanooptics, and Optics far Beyond the Diffraction Limit have been thoroughly revised and updated. The now 25 chapters are grouped into four parts which cover basic principles and materials, fabrication and properties of optical components, coherent and incoherent light sources, and, finally, selected applications and special fields such as terahertz photonics, x-ray optics and holography. Each chapter is authored by respected experts and contains the basic principles, applications and latest information in the field. Among the subjects covered are geometrical and wave optics, linear and nonlinear optics, optical materials and components, detectors, incoherent and all essential types of coherent light sources, generation of ultrashort pulses, spectroscopic techniques, laser safety as well as current trends in such modern areas as quantum optics, femto- and attosecond physics, and nanooptics as well as optics  beyond the diffraction limit. The handbook is written and compiled for physicists, engineers and other scientists at universities and in industrial research who develop and use optical techniques. With a Foreword by Nobel Laureate T.W. Hänsch. Key Topics › Basic optics principles › Coherent and incoherent light sources › Spectroscopies and attophysics › Optical materials and their properties › Fabrication and properties of optical components › Fiber optics, integrated optics, frequency combs, and interferometry › Selected applications and special fields: Nanooptics, quantum optics, x-ray optics, terahertz photonics, and holography Features › Contains over 1000 two-color illustrations › Includes over 120 comprehensive tables with properties of optical materials and light sources › Emphasizes physical concepts over extensive mathematical derivations. › Chapters with summaries, detailed index › Delivers a wealth of up-to-date references. .
Handbook of distributed feedback laser diodes
Fundamentals of laser micromachining
Textbook of Refractive Laser Assisted Cataract Surgery (ReLACS) is a comprehensive reference for the general ophthalmologist and cataract surgeon regarding the explosive new technology in femtosecond laser cataract surgery. Femtosecond laser allows extreme precision in surgery, and is used in refractive surgery and for 'cuts' in the cornea, leading to a more uniform treatment for the patient. Textbook of Refractive Laser Assisted Cataract Surgery (ReLACS) is for cataract surgeons and all eye care providers managing or diagnosing cataracts who wish to be informed about this technology and its applications. Edited and written by recognized leaders in the field, this book covers background, technical, clinical, and commercial aspects of this exciting technology. Some of the topics covered include the evolution of cataract surgery, femtosecond laser fundamentals, challenges of femtosecond laser technology for cataract surgery, and the economics of laser cataract surgery.
The scientific and technological importance of lasers has generated great interest in the field of cavity nonlinear optics. This book provides a thorough description of this subject in terms of modern dynamical systems theory. Throughout, the emphasis is on deriving analytical results and highlighting their physical significance. The early chapters introduce the physical models for active and passive cavities. In later chapters, these are applied to a variety of problems in laser theory, optical bistability and parametric oscillators. Subjects covered include scaling laws, Hopf bifurcations, passive Q-switching, and Turing instabilities. Several of the topics treated cannot be found in other books, including swept control parameter dynamics, laser stability, multimode rate equations, and antiphase dynamics. The book stresses the connections between theoretical work and actual experimental results, and will be of great interest to graduate students and researchers in theoretical physics, nonlinear optics, and laser physics.
Laser science and technology : [proceedings of the International School of Quantum Electronics on Laser Science and Technology, held May 11-19, 1987, in Erice, Italy]
Effect of a multifunction CO2-Nd:YAG combination laser on rat dental pulp
Parametric instabilities in laser heating of fusion plasmas
Understanding lasers and masers
Puma-robot evaluation for laser manufacturing applications
Optical Transmission collect several key topics related to transmission in optical systems. It stems from a set of clusters of partner institutions inside BONE- Building the Future Optical Network in Europe, therefore giving a very wide view on issues related to the topic of optical networking. Optical Transmission focuses on optical transmission systems, subsystems, components, methodologies and economics around the subject. It examines the status of actual transmission systems in a very compact and direct way. From there, the path to next generation networks is drawn by defining subsystems and components which will probably enable them. The dynamics of these systems are analysed by description of the management and monitoring of these networks and how they interplay. Then, to complement the presentation in the remaining chapters, simulation issues are covered. Utlimately, a set of economic drivers will define the lines for the next steps.
Quality assessment of a forest inventory based on airborne laser scanning
Optical Cooling Using the Dipole Force
Laser physics : from principles to practical work in the lab
Laser hair removal
Design and modeling of distributed feedback lasers with surface gratings
Laser welding of cylindrical parts
The laser weldability of lean duplex stainless steels
Theoretical Problems in Cavity Nonlinear Optics
Laser processing of materials : fundamentals, applications and developments
Airborne laser scanning (ALS) has emerged as one of the most promising remote sensing technologies to provide data for research and operational applications in a wide range of disciplines related to management of forest ecosystems. This book provides a comprehensive, state-of-the-art review of the research and application of ALS in a broad range of forest-related disciplines. However, this book is more than just a collection of individual contributions – it consists of a well-composed blend of chapters dealing with fundamental methodological issues and contributions reviewing and illustrating the use of ALS within various domains of application. The main aim of this book is to provide the scientific and technical background of ALS with a particular focus on applicability in operational forestry. Most of the chapters are devoted to applications in forest inventory and forest ecology such as forest management inventory and assessments of canopy cover, habitats and organism-habitat relationships. Many of the chapters focus on boreal forests simply because methods were initially developed for boreal conditions. However, examples show the most common applications of ALS at various geographical scales; from individual trees, to forest stands, regions and nations. The reviews provide a comprehensive and unique overview of recent research and applications that researchers, students and practitioners of forest remote sensing and forest ecosystem assessment should consider as a useful reference text.
A Guide to Laser Safety is a practical guide to the safe use of lasers in science, education, industry, telecommunications, medicine and entertainment. It explains the nature of laser hazards, the requirement of international safety standards and the effective implementation of safety controls. A Guide to Laser Safety is divided into three sections. Part One gives an overview of the essentials of laser safety, briefly describing the nature of laser technology, the hazards of laser radiation, the system of laser classification and general approaches to hazard control. Part Two presents the background to laser safety in greater detail, discussing laser operations, the measurement of laser emission and exposure, the biological effects of laser radiation, the management of health and safety, and the quantitative assessment of laser hazards. Part Three considers the practical implementation of laser safety in specific areas of application, covering the use of lasers in science and engineering, industrial processing, medicine, telecommunications and entertainment.
Pulsed time-of-flight laser range finder techniques for fast, high precision measurement applications
Laser-Induced Breakdown Spectroscopy : Fundamentals and Applications
Unconventional machining processes
A preliminary study of laser beam welding on joining HDPE plastic sheets
How the laser happened : adventures of a scientist
The theory of laser materials processing : heat and mass transfer in modern technology
Electronic excitation is a means to change materials properties. This book analyses the important features of the changes induced by electronic excitation, identifies what is critical, and provides a basis from which materials modification can be developed successfully.  Electronic excitation by lasers or electron beams can change the properties of materials. In the last few years, there has been a mix of basic science, of new laser and electron beam tools, and of new needs from microelectronics, photonics and nanotechnology. This book extends and synthesises the science, addressing ideas like energy localisation and charge localisation, with detailed comparisons of experiment and theory. It also identifies the ways this understanding links to technological needs, like selective removal of material, controlled changes, altering the balance between process steps, and possibilities of quantum control.  This book will be of particular interest to research workers in physics, chemistry, electronic engineering and materials science.
Comparison of field inventory methods and use of airborne laser scanning for assessing coarse woody debris
Many optical design technical books are available for many years which mainly deal with image optics design based on geometric optics and using sequential raytracing technique. Some books slightly touched laser beam manipulation optics design. On the other hand many books on laser diodes have been published that extensively deal with laser diode physics with little touching on laser diode beam manipulations and characterizations. There are some internet resources dealing with laser diode beams. However, these internet resources have not covered enough materials with enough details on laser diode beam manipulations and characterizations. A technical book concentrated on laser diode beam manipulations and characterizations can fit in to the open and provide useful information to laser diode users. Laser Diode Beam Basics, Manipulations and  Characterizations is concentrated on the very practical side of the subject, it only discusses the basic physics and mathematics that are necessary for the readers in order to understand the subject. This book is intended to provide a practical guidance and reference to those scientists and engineers who are still new to laser diode applications, and to those undergraduate and graduate students who are studying lasers and optics. Readers are expected to be able to fast and easily find the most practical and useful information about laser diodes in this book without the need of searching through a sea of information.
Basics of Laser Physics : For Students of Science and Engineering
Skin care practices and clinical protocols : a professional's guide to success in any environment
Extracellular matrix protein tenascin in healing laser wound
Nonlinear dynamics of optically injected semiconductor lasers
Point defects and luminescense properties of visible-light emitting semiconductors
This book provides a thorough introduction to the interaction of atoms and atomic ions with optical and magnetic fields. Particular emphasis is placed on the wealth of important multilevel effects, where atomic vapours exhibit anisotropic behaviour. As well as covering the classic two-level atom approach to light-atom interactions, a general multi-level formalism is also described in detail, and used to discuss optical pumping, two-dimensional spectroscopy and nonlinear optical dynamics. The final chapter deals with the mechanical effects of light, including the cooling and trapping of atoms. With full theoretical and experimental coverage, and over 250 illustrations, the book will be of great interest to graduate students of laser spectroscopy, quantum electronics and quantum optics, and to researchers in these fields.
This thesis unifies the dissipative dynamics of an atom, particle or structure within an optical field that is influenced by the position of the atom, particle or structure itself. This allows the identification and exploration of the fundamental ‘mirror-mediated’ mechanisms of cavity-mediated cooling leading to the proposal of a range of new techniques based upon the same underlying principles. It also reveals powerful mechanisms for the enhancement of the radiation force cooling of micromechanical systems, using both active gain and the resonance of a cavity to which the cooled species are external. This work has implications for the cooling not only of weakly-scattering individual atoms, ions and molecules, but also for highly reflective optomechanical structures ranging from nanometre-scale cantilevers to the metre-sized mirrors of massive interferometers.
Nationwide airborne laser scanning based models for volume, biomass and dominant height in Finland
Estimating single-tree attributes by airborne laser scanning : methods based on computational geometry of the 3-D point data
Compact Sources of Ultrashort Pulses
Analysis and design of vertical cavity surface emitting lasers
Advanced methods of biomedical signal processing
Highly coherent semiconductor lasers
Theory of semiconductor lasers : from basis of quantum electronics to analyses of the mode competition phenomena and noise
High resolution photoacoustic titanium : sapphire/dye ring laser spectrometer and its application to acetylene overtone spectrum
Geometrically accurate time series of archived aerial images and airborne lidar data in a forest environment
Applications of tunable diode lasers in transmission and photoacoustic spectroscopy
Cavity-enhanced laser spectroscopic studies of vibrational overtones of acetylene
High performance single-mode and multimode laser diodes for visible and near infrared wavelengths
A guide to laser safety
Advancement on Drilling Technology in Petroleum Industry
Although gain-switching is a simple, well-established technique for obtaining ultrashort optical pulses generated with laser diodes, the optical energy in a pulse achievable from commercial structures using this technique is no more than moderate and the 'spiking' behaviour seen at turn-on is likely to evolve into trailing oscillations.This thesis investigates, develops and improves laser diodes in order to offer experimentally verified solutions for maximizing the optical energy so as to achieve a peak power of several watts in a single optical pulse of picosecond-range duration in the gain-switching operation regime, and for suppressing the energy located in any trailing pulses to a negligible level relative to the total optical pulse energy. This was addressed by means of either (i) an ultrashort pump current pulse with an amplitude range ~(1–10) A or (ii) custom laser diode structures, both options being capable of operating uncooled at room temperature (23±3°C).For the first solution a unique superfast gallium arsenide (GaAs) avalanche transistor was utilized as a switch in order to achieve an injection current pulse with a duration of < 1 ns, which is short enough to generate only a first optical 'spike' when pumping a commercial laser diode. The most promising structure with regard to the second solution was an edge-emitting semiconductor laser having a strongly asymmetric broadened double heterostructure with a relatively thick active layer. Laser pulses with full width at half maximum (FWHM) of ~100 ps and an optical energy of >3 nJ but with some trailing oscillations were achieved in experiments employing injection current pulses in the nanosecond range with an amplitude of ≤17 A, generated using inexpensive silicon (Si) electronics. The performance was improved by introducing a saturable absorber (SA) into the laser cavity, which suppressed the formation of trailing oscillations, resulting in a single optical pulse.
The story of the laser
3D laser microfabrication : principles and applications
Airborne laser scanning based forest inventory for forest management by applying novel metrics and multiple data sources
Laser cooling of atoms provides an ideal case study for the application of Lévy statistics in a privileged situation where the statistical model can be derived from first principles. This book demonstrates how the most efficient laser cooling techniques can be simply and quantitatively understood in terms of non-ergodic random processes dominated by a few rare events. Lévy statistics are now recognised as the proper tool for analysing many different problems for which standard Gaussian statistics are inadequate. Laser cooling provides a simple example of how Lévy statistics can yield analytic predictions that can be compared to other theoretical approaches and experimental results. The authors of this book are world leaders in the fields of laser cooling and light-atom interactions, and are renowned for their clear presentation. This book will therefore hold much interest for graduate students and researchers in the fields of atomic physics, quantum optics, and statistical physics.
Congress proceedings : Laser Materials Processing Conference : Laser Microfabrication Conference : 24th International Congress on Applications of Lasers & Electro-Optics : ICALEO 2005 : October 31 - November 3, Hyatt Regency Miami, Miami, Florida, USA
This book provides a thorough and comprehensive introduction to the physics of molecules and clusters in intense laser fields. It covers both theoretical and experimental aspects of the subject, and presents new research in the area of clusters in intense laser fields. Topics covered include coherent control, diatomic and polyatomic molecules, and femtosecond pulse production and diagnostics. Written by leading researchers in the field, this book will be of interest to graduate students and researchers in atomic, molecular and optical physics. It will also be suitable as a reference text for advanced physics courses.
Until recently, ceramic materials were considered unsuitable for optics due to the numerous scattering sources, such as grain boundaries and residual pores. However, in the 1990s the technology to generate a coherent beam from ceramic materials was developed, and a highly efficient laser oscillation was realized. In the future, the technology derived from the development of the ceramic laser could be used to develop new functional passive and active optics. Co-authored by one of the pioneers of this field, the book describes the fabrication technology and theoretical characterization of ceramic material properties. It describes novel types of solid lasers and other optics using ceramic materials to demonstrate the application of ceramic gain media in the generation of coherent beams and light amplification. This is an invaluable guide for physicists, materials scientists and engineers working on laser ceramics.
Cosmetic applications of laser & light-based systems
Design and Realization of Novel GaAs Based Laser Concepts
This book constitutes the thoroughly refereed post-conference proceedings of the Third International Workshop on Optical SuperComputing, OSC 2010, held in Bertinoro, Italy, in November 2010. The 13 papers presented were carefully reviewed and selected for inclusion in this book. Being an annual forum for research presentations on all facets of optical computing for solving hard computation tasks, OCS addresses the following topics of interest: designs or demonstrations of optical computing devices, algorithmics and complexity issues of optical computing, computation representation by photons and holograms, neural and brain inspired architectures, electro-optic devices for interacting with optical computing devices, practical implementations, analysis of existing devices and case studies, optical photonics and laser switching technologies, optical and photonic memories, optical signal processing subsystems, optical networks for high-performance computing, optical interconnections, quantum optical systems, applications and algorithms for optical devices, Alpha particles, X-rays, and nano-technologies for optical computing.
CO2 laser cutting
Lasers and optical methods in artwork restoration : Book of abstracts
Solid-state lasers for materials processing : fundamental relations and technical realizations
Lasers in restorative dentistry : a practical guide
Usability of laser-arc hybrid welding processes in industrial applications
Lévy Statistics and Laser Cooling : How Rare Events Bring Atoms to Rest
Enhancement cavities are passive optical resonators in which continuous-wave laser radiation or pulses of a frequency comb are coherently overlapped, allowing for a power and intensity scaling of up to several orders of magnitude. A prominent application is the table-top generation of bright, laser-like radiation in spectral regions where direct laser action is inefficient or not available at all, via intracavity nonlinear optical processes. However, to exploit the full capacity of this technique further progress is needed. This thesis covers central problems of enhancement cavities, such as finding limitations in scaling the circulating power, measuring cavity parameters with high accuracy, tailoring transverse modes and coupling out radiation generated in the cavity. Unprecedented intracavity laser powers were demonstrated, surpassing previous results by an order of magnitude. As an application, harmonics of the fundamental 1040-nm radiation up to the 21st order are generated. Besides reporting these fine experimental results, the thesis provides an excellent introduction into the physics of enhancement cavities, supported by more than 140 references.
Diode lasers with optical feedback and optical injection : applications in metrology
Emphasising the fundamentals of transport phenomena, this book provides researchers and practitioners with the technical background they need to understand laser-induced microfabrication and materials processing at small scales. It clarifies the laser/materials coupling mechanisms, and discusses the nanoscale confined laser interactions that constitute powerful tools for top-down nanomanufacturing. In addition to discussing key and emerging applications to modern technology, with particular respect to electronics, advanced topics such as the use of lasers for nanoprocessing and nanomachining, the interaction with polymer materials, nanoparticles and clusters, and the processing of thin films are also covered.
Predicting tree structure from tree height using terrestrial laser scanning and quantitative structure models
Contact and hybrid laser in the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia : comparison with transurethral resection of prostate
Integrated electronic and optoelectronic circuits and devices for pulsed time-of-flight laser rangefinding
Handbook of laser welding technologies
Statistical methods for biomarker discovery in proteomics
Recent technological breakthrough in the field of Terahertz radiation has triggered new applications in biology and biomedicine. Particularly, biological applications are based on the specific spectroscopic fingerprints of biological matter in this spectral region. Historically with the discovery of new electromagnetic wave spectrum, we have always discovered new medical diagnostic imaging systems. The use of terahertz wave was not realized due to the absence of useful terahertz sources. Now after successful generation of THz waves, it is reported that a great potential for THz wave exists for its resonance with bio-molecules. There are many challenging issues such as development of THz passive and active instrumentations, understanding of THz-Bio interaction for THz spectroscopy, THz-Bio nonlinear phenomena and safety guideline, and THz imaging systems. Eventually the deeper understanding of THz-Bio interaction and novel THz systems enable us to develop powerful THz biomedical imaging systems which can contribute to biomedical industry. This is a truly interdisciplinary field and convergence technology where the communication between different disciplines is the most challenging issue for the success of the great works. One of the first steps to promote the communications in this convergence technology would be teaching the basics of these different fields to the researchers in a plain language with the help of Convergence of Terahertz Science in Biomedical Systems which is considered to be 3-4th year college students or beginning level of graduate students. Therefore, this type of book can be used by many people who want to enter or understand this field. Even more it can be used for teaching in universities or research institutions.
Modulation transfer characteristics of injection-locked diode lasers
Ceramic Lasers
Forestry applications of airborne laser scanning : concepts and case studies
Intended to update scientists and engineers on the current state of the art in a variety of key techniques used extensively in the fabrication of structures at the nanoscale. The present work covers the essential technologies for creating sub 25 nm features lithographically, depositing layers with nanometer control, and etching patterns and structures at the nanoscale. A distinguishing feature of this book is a focus not on extension of microelectronics fabrication, but rather on techniques applicable for building NEMS, biosensors, nanomaterials, photonic crystals, and other novel devices and structures that will revolutionize society in the coming years.
Design and characterization of a digital material class made from isotropic periodic structures by SLM
Optical SuperComputing : First International Workshop, OSC 2008, Vienna, Austria, August 26, 2008. Proceedings
Handbook of laser wavelengths
This book provides a comprehensive overview of the fundamental principles and applications of semiconductor diode laser arrays. All of the major types of arrays are discussed in detail, including coherent, incoherent, edge- and surface-emitting, horizontal- and vertical-cavity, individually addressed, lattice-matched and strained-layer systems. The initial chapters cover such topics as lasers, amplifiers, external-cavity control, theoretical modelling, and operational dynamics. Spatially incoherent arrays are then described in detail, and the uses of vertical-cavity surface emitter and edge-emitting arrays in parallel optical-signal processing and multi-channel optical recording are discussed. Engineers, established researchers and graduate students studying the properties and applications of such arrays will find this book invaluable.
Extremely short external cavity (ESEC) laser devices : wavelength tuning and related optical characteristics
This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the The International Workshop on Optical SuperComputing, OSC 2008, held in Vienna, Austria, August 2008 in conjunction with the 7th International Conference on Unconventional Computation UC 2008. OCS is a new annual forum for research presentations on all facets of optical computing for solving hard computation tasks. Topics of interest include, but are not limited to: Design of optical computing devices, electrooptics devices for interacting with optical computing devices, practical implementations, analysis of existing devices and case studies, optical and laser switching technologies, applications and algorithms for optical devices, alpha practical, x-rays and nano-technologies for optical computing.
Optical Transmission : The FP7 BONE Project Experience
This book is a comprehensive source of the fundamentals, process parameters, instrumental components and applications of laser-induced breakdown spectroscopy (LIBS). The effect of multiple pulses on material ablation, plasma dynamics and plasma emission is presented. A heuristic plasma modeling allows to simulate complex experimental plasma spectra. These methods and findings form the basis for a variety of applications to perform quantitative multi-element analysis with LIBS. These application potentials of LIBS have really boosted in the last years ranging from bulk analysis of metallic alloys and non-conducting materials, via spatially resolved analysis and depth profiling covering measuring objects in all physical states: gaseous, liquid and solid. Dedicated chapters present LIBS investigations for these tasks with special emphasis on the methodical and instrumental concepts as well as the optimization strategies for a quantitative analysis. Requirements, concepts, design and characteristic features of LIBS instruments are described covering laboratory systems, inspections systems for in-line process control, mobile systems and remote systems. State-of-the-art industrial applications of LIBS systems are presented demonstrating the benefits of inline process control for improved process guiding and quality assurance purposes.
Electrotherapy explained : principles and practice
Tunable laser module for fibre optic communications
Techniques for semiconductor laser processing
The laser guidebook
This textbook originates from a lecture course in laser physics at the Karlsruhe School of Optics and Photonics at the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology (KIT). A main goal in the conception of this textbook was to describe the fundamentals of lasers in a uniform and especially lab-oriented notation and formulation as well as many currently well-known laser types, becoming more and more important in the future. It closes a gap between the measureable spectroscopic quantities and the whole theoretical description and modeling. This textbook contains not only the fundamentals and the context of laser physics in a mathematical and methodical approach important for university-level studies. It allows simultaneously, owing to its conception and its modern notation, to directly implement and use the learned matter in the practical lab work. It is presented in a format suitable for everybody who wants not only to understand the fundamentals of lasers but also use modern lasers or even develop and make laser setups. This book tries to limit prerequisite knowledge and fundamental understanding to a minimum and is intended for students in physics, chemistry and mathematics after a bachelor degree, with the intention to create as much joy and interest as seen among the participants of the corresponding lectures. This university textbook describes in its first three chapters the fundamentals of lasers: light-matter interaction, the amplifying laser medium and the laser resonator. In the fourth chapter, pulse generation and related techniques are presented. The fifth chapter gives a closing overview on different laser types gaining importance currently and in the future. It also contains a set of examples on which the theory learned in the first four chapters is applied and extended.
Laser cooling and trapping
Quantum dots as nanomaterials have been extensively investigated in the past several decades from growth to characterization to applications. As the basis of future developments in the field, this book collects a series of state-of-the-art chapters on the current status of quantum dot devices and how these devices take advantage of quantum features. Written by 56 leading experts from 14 countries, the chapters cover numerous quantum dot applications, including lasers, LEDs, detectors, amplifiers, switches, transistors, and solar cells. Quantum Dot Devices is appropriate for researchers of all levels of experience with an interest in epitaxial and/or colloidal quantum dots. It  provides the beginner with the necessary overview of this exciting field and those more experienced with a comprehensive reference source.   Covers the current status and future trends in  research on quantum dot devices Features contributions from leading experts in each pplications area Suitable for experienced researchers as well as those new to the field.
Semiconductor Devices for High-Speed Optoelectronics
Estimating species-specific diameter distributions and saw log recoveries of boreal forests from airborne laser scanning data and aerial photographs : a distribution-based approach
Scaling the power and tailoring the wavelength of semiconductor disk lasers
Photonics : a short course
Magnetic resonance imaging guided musculoskeletal interventions at 0.23T : optical instrument guidance, bone biopsy, periradicular nerve root therapy, discography, osteoid osteoma laser ablation; a feasibility study
Praktikum Goldschmieden  : Aktuelles Fachwissen in anschaulichen Bilderfolgen und informartiven Texten = Practical goldsmith : the latest techniques presented in a series of clear illustrations and informative texts. 10, Neue Techniken - Laser/Pulse-Brush = New techniques - laser/pulse-brush
Optical surface roughness inspection of cold-rolled aluminium
Gaseous electronics and gas lasers
On the use of optical fibres in industrial sensor applications
Progress in Ultrafast Intense Laser Science VIII
Optical thin film technology for ultrafast fiber lasers
Analysis of photodarkening effects in ytterbium-doped laser fibers
This thesis provides deep insights into currently controversial questions in laser filamentation, a highly complex phenomenon involving nonlinear optical effects and plasma physics. First, based on the concrete picture of a femtosecond laser beam which self-pinches its radial intensity distribution, the thesis delivers a novel explanation for the remarkable and previously unexplained phenomenon of pulse self-compression in filaments. Moreover, the work addresses the impact of a non-adiabatic change of both nonlinearity and dispersion on such an intense femtosecond pulse transiting from a gaseous dielectric material to a solid one. Finally, and probably most importantly, the author presents a simple and highly practical theoretical approach for quantitatively estimating the influence of higher-order nonlinear optical effects in optics. These results shed new light on recent experimental observations, which are still hotly debated and may completely change our understanding of filamentation, causing a paradigm change concerning the role of higher-order nonlinearities in optics.
Femtosecond Laser Micromachining : Photonic and Microfluidic Devices in Transparent Materials
This book presents the state of the art in the use of laser in restorative dentistry. After discussion of relevant background, basic physics, and laser types, the full range of clinical applications is covered with the aid of more than 600 clinical photographs, charts, and tables. In addition to conventional indications, newer operative procedures that reliably yield favorable outcomes are carefully described step by step. The authors' own research findings and clinical cases are included in the book, which also provides a complete, up-to-date review of the international literature on laser adhesive dentistry. Lasers in Restorative Dentistry will be a valuable guide for general dentists who use the laser in their daily practice and are seeking advice on how to improve the quality of their work. If you are a new, experienced, or even advanced laser user, this book will be an exceptionally useful resource. Enjoy delving into the wonderful world of laser dentistry!
Handbook of solid-state lasers
Ultrafast fiber lasers using novel semiconductor saturable absorbers and photonic-crystal dispersion compensators
Laser Diode Beam Basics, Manipulations and Characterizations
Healing in laser wound
Towards stabilized, short pulse Q-switched fiber lasers
After decades of research, physicists now know how to detect Einstein's gravitational waves. Advanced gravitational wave detectors, the most sensitive instruments ever created, will be almost certain of detecting the births of black holes throughout the Universe. This book describes the physics of gravitational waves and their detectors. The book begins by introducing the physics of gravitational wave detection and the likely sources of detectable waves. Case studies on the first generation of large scale gravitational wave detectors introduce the technology and set the scene for a review of the experimental issues in creating advanced detectors in which the instrument's sensitivity is limited by Heisenberg's uncertainty principle. The book covers lasers, thermal noise, vibration isolation, interferometer control and stabilisation against opto-acoustic instabilities. This is a valuable reference for graduate students and researchers in physics and astrophysics entering this field.
7th Nordic conference in laser processing of materials
Developing and comparing methods for mapping habitat types and conservation values using remote sensing data and GIS methods
Femtosecond laser pulses : principles and experiments
Laser physics
Optoelectronics for environmental science : [proceedings of the 14th course of the International School of Quantum Electronics on Optoelectronics for Environmental Science, held September 3-12, 1989, in Erice, Italy]
Femtosecond Biophotonics : Core Technology and Applications
Multiphoton Processes and Attosecond Physics : Proceedings of the 12th International Conference on Multiphoton Processes (ICOMP12) and the 3rd International Conference on Attosecond Physics (ATTO3)
Molecules and Clusters in Intense Laser Fields
Wavelength extension of visible VECSELs by structural engineering
Virtual three-dimensional analysis of digitized dental impressions and stone replicas
Thick section laser beam welding of structural steels : methods for improving welding efficiency
Quantum effects in one-dimensional optical flat-band lattices
This is the second edition of a well-received book that has been revised and updated to reflect the state of the art in laser and light source technology. After an initial chapter describing the latest understanding of laser physics and safety, subsequent chapters consider laser treatment of vascular lesions, laser treatment of pigmented lesions and tattoos, laser removal of unwanted hair, ablative and non-ablative fractional resurfacing, and use of laser treatment for medical purposes. The book is extremely practical and reader friendly. All chapters are very well illustrated, include quick and clear bullet points, and feature a homogeneous structure covering core concepts, currently available technologies, indications and contraindications, an example of a consent form, and the author's personal treatment approaches. The authors are without exception world experts in the field from North America or Europe.
Proceedings of the 3rd Conference on Laser Materials Processing in the Nordic Countries : NOLAMP-3 : August 21-22, 1991 Lappeenranta, Finland
EMLA laser health journal : the journal of the European Medical Laser Association (EMLA)
Advances in optical biopsy and optical mammography
Nuclear diagnostics in the study of relativistic laser-plasma interactions
Homemade holograms : the complete guide to inexpensive, do-it-yourself holography
Laser diodes and their applications to communications and information processing
The development of lasers capable of producing high-intensity pulses has opened a new area in the study of light-matter interactions. The corresponding laser fields are strong enough to compete with the Coulomb forces in controlling the dynamics of atomic systems and give rise to multiphoton processes. This book presents a unified account of this rapidly developing field of physics. The first part describes the fundamental phenomena occurring in intense laser-atom interactions and gives the basic theoretical framework to analyze them. The second part contains a detailed discussion of Floquet theory, the numerical integration of the wave equations and approximation methods for the low- and high-frequency regimes. In the third part, the main multiphoton processes are discussed: multiphoton ionization, high harmonic and attosecond pulse generation, and laser-assisted electron-atom collisions. Aimed at graduate students in atomic, molecular and optical physics, the book will also interest researchers working on laser interactions with matter.
Manipulation of atomic and molecular motion with pulsed lasers
Micromanipulation by light in biology and medicine : the laser microbeam and optical tweezers
Optical based technologies for detection of dental caries
Airborne laser scanning based identification and interpretation on ecologically important old-growth forest habitats in natural conservation areas
A single-mode dye laser and its application in velocity selective optical pumping
Development of Fiber Laser
This book covers the complete spectrum of nonlinear optics and all solid state lasers.The book integrates theory, calculations and practical design, technology, experimental schemes and applications. With the expansion and further development of Laser technology, the wavelength spectrum of Lasers had to be enlarged, even to be tunable which requires the use of nonlinear optical and Laser tunable technology. It systematically summarizes and integrates the analysis of international achievements within the last 20 years in this field. It will be helpful for university teachers, graduate students as well as engineers.
Recent advances in ultrashort pulsed laser technology have opened new frontiers in atomic, molecular and optical sciences. The 12th International Conference on Multiphoton Processes (ICOMP12) and the 3rd International Conference on Attosecond Physics (ATTO3), held jointly in Sapporo, Japan, during July 3-8, showcased studies at the forefront of research on multiphoton processes and attosecond physics. This book summarizes presentations and discussions from these two conferences.
Laser welding of dissimilar metals
Laser spectroscopic studies of molecular overtones
Recent advances in laser processing of materials
Introduction to laser technology
Providing an all-inclusive treatment of electronic and optoelectronic devices used in high-speed optical communication systems, this book emphasizes circuit applications, advanced device design solutions, and noise in sources and receivers. Core topics covered include semiconductors and semiconductor optical properties, high-speed circuits and transistors, detectors, sources, and modulators. It discusses in detail both active devices (heterostructure field-effect and bipolar transistors) and passive components (lumped and distributed) for high-speed electronic integrated circuits. It also describes recent advances in high-speed devices for 40 Gbps systems. Introductory elements are provided, making the book open to readers without a specific background in optoelectronics, whilst end-of-chapter review questions and numerical problems enable readers to test their understanding and experiment with realistic data.
Proceedings of the International Conference on Exotic Atoms and Related Topics (EXA 2011) held in Vienna, Austria, September 5-9, 2011 P. Bühler, O. Hartmann, J. Marton, K. Suzuki, E. Widmann and J. Zmeskal (Eds.) Now the research in exotic atoms has a remarkable history of more than 50 years. Enormous success in the understanding of fundamental interactions and symmetries resulted from the research on these tiny objects at the femtoscale. This volume contains research papers on recent achievements and future opportunities of this highly interdisciplinary field of atomic, nuclear, and particle physics. The Proceedings are structured according to the conference session topics: Kaon-Nucleus and Kaon-Nucleon Interactions, Antihydrogen and Fundamental Symmetries, Hadronphysics with Antiprotons, Future Facilities and Instrumentation, Low energy QCD. Reprint from Hyperfine Interactions vol. 209, 210 and 211.
Integrated receiver channel and timing discrimination circuits for a pulsed time-of-flight laser rangefinder
Physics of Collisional Plasmas : Introduction to High-Frequency Discharges
The optical fiber based supercontinuum source has recently become a significant scientific and commercial success, with applications ranging from frequency comb production to advanced medical imaging. This one-of-a-kind book explains the theory of fiber supercontinuum broadening, describes the diverse operational regimes and indicates principal areas of applications, making it a very important guide for researchers and graduate students. With contributions from major figures and groups who have pioneered research in this field, the book describes the historical development of the subject, provides a background to the associated nonlinear optical processes, treats the generation mechanisms from continuous wave to femtosecond pulse pump regimes and highlights the diverse applications. A full discussion of numerical methods and comprehensive computer code are also provided, enabling readers to confidently predict and model supercontinuum generation characteristics under realistic conditions.
Developing laser scanning applications for mapping and monitoring single tree characteristics for the needs of urban forestry
Selective laser melting (SLM) of lattice structures in solid shells
The Physics of Collisional Plasmas deals with the plasma physics of interest to laboratory research and industrial applications, such as lighting, fabrication of microelectronics, destruction of greenhouse gases. Its emphasis is on explaining the physical mechanisms, rather than the detailed mathematical description and theoretical analysis. At the introductory level, it is important to convey the characteristic physical phenomena of plasmas, before addressing the ultimate formalism of kinetic theory, with its microscopic, statistical mechanics approach. To this aim, this text translates the physical phenomena into more tractable equations, using the hydrodynamic model; this considers the plasma as a fluid, in which the macroscopic physical parameters are the statistical averages of the microscopic (individual) parameters. This book is an introduction to the physics of collisional plasmas, as opposed to plasmas in space. It is intended for graduate students in physics and engineering . The first chapter introduces with progressively increasing detail, the fundamental concepts of plasma physic. The motion of individual charged particles in various configurations of electric and magnetic fields is detailed in the second chapter while the third chapter considers the collective motion of the plasma particles described according to a hydrodynamic model. The fourth chapter is most original in that it introduces a general approach to energy balance, valid for all types of discharges comprising direct current(DC) and high frequency (HF) discharges, including an applied static magnetic field. The basic concepts required in this fourth chapter have been progressively introduced in the previous chapters. The text is enriched with approx. 100 figures, and alphabetical index and 45 fully resolved problems. Mathematical and physical appendices provide complementary information or allow to go deeper in a given subject.
The European information society : taking geoinformation science one step further
EXA 2011 : Proceedings of the International Conference on Exotic Atoms and Related Topics (EXA 2011) held in Vienna, Austria, September 5-9, 2011
Optimization of parameters for fiber laser-MAG hybrid welding in shipbuilding applications
Development and application of laser technologies at radioactive ion beam facilities
Forest structure indicators based on tree size inequality and their relationships to airborne laser scanning
The supercontinuum laser source : the ultimate white light
Selected studies of carbon-centered free radical reactions using pulsed laser photolysis coupled to a photoionization mass spectrometer
Resonance laser ionization developments for IGISOL-4
Optically pumped semiconductor disk lasers operating at near infrared spectral range
The PUILS series delivers up-to-date reviews of progress in Ultrafast Intense Laser Science, a newly emerging interdisciplinary research field spanning atomic and molecular physics, molecular science and optical science which has been stimulated by the recent developments in ultrafast laser technologies. Each volume compiles peer-reviewed articles authored by researchers at the forefront of each their own subfields of UILS. Every chapter opens with an overview of the topics to be discussed, so that researchers unfamiliar to the subfield as well as graduate students can grasp the importance and attractions of the research topic at hand. These are followed by reports of cutting-edge discoveries. This eighth volume covers a broad range of topics from this interdisciplinary research field, focusing on molecules interacting with ultrashort and intense laser fields, advanced technologies for the characterization of ultrashort laser pulses and their applications, laser plasma formation and laser acceleration.
An up-to-date and easy-to-follow introduction to laser technologyLaser technology has become important in a wide range of practical applications, ranging from medicine and consumer electronics to telecommunications and military technology. Lasers are also vital tools on the cutting edge of research-eighteen recipients of the Nobel Prize received the award for laser-related research, including the laser itself, holography, laser cooling, and Bose-Einstein condensates.Updated to reflect advancements since publication of the previous edition, Understanding Lasers, Third Edition offers an introduction to lasers and associated equipment at a level that nontechnicians can fundamentally understand. The author focuses on real-world lasers and assumes only a minimal background in algebra, making the book a practical, easy-to-follow guide for a broad audience.Beginning with an overview of how lasers work, what they do, and how they're used, the book goes on to explore:. Optics and laser accessories. Semiconductor diode lasers. Gas lasers. Low-power laser applications. Solid-state and fiber lasers. High-power laser applications. Lasers in researchComplete with conceptual drawings, tables, and multiple-choice quizzes with answers provided at the back of the book, Understanding Lasers, Third Edition serves as an ideal introduction to the subject for advanced high school students, undergraduate physics and engineering students, and professionals who work with lasers but lack formal training.
This book constitutes the thoroughly refereed post-conference proceedings of the 4th International Workshop on Optical SuperComputing, OSC 2012, held in Bertinoro, Italy, in July 2012. The 11 papers presented together with 11 invited papers were carefully reviewed and selected for inclusion in this book. Being an annual forum for research presentations on all facets of optical computing for solving hard computation tasks, OCS addresses the following topics of interest: design of optical computing devices, electro-optic devices for interacting with optical computing devices, practical implementations, analysis of existing devices and case studies, optical and laser switching technologies, applications and algorithms for optical devices, alpha particles, X-rays and nano-technologies for optical computing.
Absorptive semiconductor reflectors for controlling dynamic properties of fiber lasers
Advanced Gravitational Wave Detectors
Laser-ablation deposition and characterization of polycrystalline Nd-modified Pb(Zr, Ti)O[sub 3] thin films
Transport in Laser Microfabrication : Fundamentals and Applications
A new approach to assessing tree stem quality characteristics using terrestrial laser scans
Characterization of the effects of different support structures in laser additive manufacturing of stainless steel
Linear and traceable scales for nanometrology
520 The only introductory text on the market today that explains the underlying physics and engineering applicable to all lasersAlthough lasers are becoming increasingly important in our high-tech environment, many of the technicians and engineers who install, operate, and maintain them have had little, if any, formal training in the field of electro-optics. This can result in less efficient usage of these important tools. Introduction to Laser Technology, Fourth Edition provides readers with a good understanding of what a laser is and what it can and cannot do. The book explains what types of laser to use for different purposes and how a laser can be modified to improve its performance in a given application. With a unique combination of clarity and technical depth, the book explains the characteristics and important applications of commercial lasers worldwide and discusses light and optics, the fundamental elements of lasers, and laser modification.
The emergence of highly efficient short-wavelength laser diodes based on the III-V compound semiconductor GaN has not only enabled high-density optical data storage, but is also expected to revolutionize display applications. Moreover, a variety of scientific applications in biophotonics, materials research and quantum optics can benefit from these versatile and cost-efficient laser light sources in the near-UV to green spectral range. This thesis describes the device physics of GaN-based laser diodes, together with recent efforts to achieve longer emission wavelengths and short-pulse emission. Experimental and theoretical approaches are employed to address the individual device properties and optimize the laser diodes toward the requirements of specific applications.
Laser diagnostics of chemical vapor deposition
The aim of this study was to examine how well stem volume, above-ground biomass and dominant height can be predicted using nationwide airborne laser scanning (ALS) based regression models. The study material consisted of nine practical ALS inventory projects taken from different parts of Finland. We used field sample plots and airborne laser scanning data to create nationwide and regional models for each response variable. The final models had one or two ALS predictors, which were chosen based on the root mean square error (RMSE), and cross-validated. Finally, we tested how much predictions would improve if the nationwide models were calibrated with a small number of regional sample plots. Although forest structures differ among different parts of Finland, the nationwide volume and biomass models performed quite well (leave-inventory-area-out RMSE 22.3% to 33.8%, mean difference [MD] -13.8% to 18.7%) compared with regional models (leave-plot-out RMSE 20.2% to 26.8%). However, the nationwide dominant height model (RMSE 5.4% to 7.7%, MD -2.0% to 2.8%, with the exception of the Tornio region - RMSE 11.4%, MD -9.1%) performed nearly as well as the regional models (RMSE 5.2% to 6.7%). The results show that the nationwide volume and biomass models provided different means than real means at regional level, because forest structure and ALS device have a considerable effect on the predictions. Large MDs appeared especially in northern Finland. Local calibration decreased the MD and RMSE of volume and biomass models. However, the nationwide dominant height model did not benefit much from calibration..
Principles of lasers
Textbook of refractive laser assisted cataract surgery (ReLACS)
Understanding lasers : an entry-level guide
Autogenous high power fiber laser welding of Optim 960 QC ultra high strength steel
Instabilities in laser-matter interaction
Laser-TIG hybrid welding process
Nanofabrication : Techniques and Principles
Lasers and light therapy
Manipulating Quantum Structures Using Laser Pulses
Safety of laser products. Part 1, Equipment classification and requirements (IEC 60825-1:2014)
Summary.
Studying habitat use and behavior of moose (Alces alces) by integrating airborne laser scanning and GPS tracking
Extremely short external cavity (ESEC) laser devices:wavelength tuning and related optical characteristics
Optically-pumped semiconductor disk lasers for generating visible and infrared radiation
Proceedings : 6th Finnish-Russian Photonics and Lasers Symposium, PALS'13 : Spa Hotel Rauhalahti, Kuopio, Finland, 3-5 October 2013
Supercontinuum Generation in Optical Fibers
Convergence of Terahertz Sciences in Biomedical Systems
Lasers : physics, systems and techniques : proceedings of the 23. Scottish universities summer school in physics, Heriot-Watt, university, Edinburgh, August 1982 : a NAT0 advanced study institute
Laser fundamentals and applications
Laser developments and high resolution resonance ionization spectroscopy of actinide elements
Optical pulse generation with semiconductor disk lasers
Fiber lasers : basics, technology, and applications
Materials Modification by Electronic Excitation
Cleaning safely with a laser in artwork conservation : COST
Digital elevation model technologies and applications : the DEM users manual
Basics of Laser Physics provides an introductory presentation of the field of all types of lasers. It contains a general description of the laser, a theoretical treatment and a characterization of its operation as it deals with gas, solid state, free-electron and semiconductor lasers and, furthermore, with a few laser related topics. The different subjects are connected to each other by the central principle of the laser, namely, that it is a self-oscillating system. Special emphasis is put on a uniform treatment of gas and solid-state lasers, on the one hand, and semiconductor lasers, on the other hand. The discussions and the treatment of equations are presented in a way that a reader can immediately follow. The book addresses undergraduate and graduate students of science and engineering. Not only should it enable instructors to prepare their lectures, but it can be helpful to students for preparing for an examination.
Laser-assisted selection of field plots for an area-based forest inventory
Evaluation of the DIAGNOdent method for detection and quantification of carious lesions : in vitro and in vivo studies
Laser cutting and distance regulation
Compact current pulse-pumped GaAs–AlGaAs laser diode structures for generating high peak-power (1–50 watt) picosecond-range single optical pulses
Occupational safety at industrial CO[sup 2] lasers
Quantum well lasers for optical communication
Laser ablation deposition of multielemental materials
Use of airborne laser scanner data in demanding forest conditions
GaN-Based Laser Diodes : Towards Longer Wavelengths and Short Pulses
Basics of laser physics
The laser as a tool : a light beam conquers industrial production
The introduction of femtosecond pulse lasers has provided numerous new methods for non-destructive diagnostic analysis of biological samples. This book is the first to provide a focused and systematic treatment of femtosecond biophotonic methods. Each chapter combines theory, practice and applications, walking the reader through imaging, manipulation and fabrication techniques. Beginning with an explanation of nonlinear and multiphoton microscopy, subsequent chapters address the techniques for optical trapping and the development of laser tweezers. In a conclusion that brings together the various topics of the book, the authors discuss the growing field of femtosecond micro-engineering. The wide range of applications for femtosecond biophotonics means this book will appeal to researchers and practitioners in the fields of biomedical engineering, biophysics, life sciences and medicine.
"Lasers perform many unique functions in a plethora of applications, but there are many inherent risks with this continually burgeoning technology. Laser Safety: Tools and Training, Second Edition presents simple, effective ways for users in a variety of facilities to evaluate the hazards of any laser procedure and ensure they are following documented laser safety standards. Designed for use as either a standalone volume or a supplement to Laser Safety Management, this text includes fundamental laser and laser safety information and critical laser use information rarely found in a single source. Written by a working Laser Safety Officer (LSO), the book's depth and breadth make it appropriate for both the seasoned professional and the novice. It presents case studies of real accidents, preventive measures that could have been taken to avoid such accidents, and templates for documenting potential laser risks and attendant safety measures. Reflecting the exponential use of laser technology over the last several years, this text considers the growing use of petawatt laser installations and nanotechnology applications and addresses current laser projects such as the National Ignition Facility (NIF) and Linac Coherent Light Source (LCLS). Several chapters explore the components of laser work and laser safety that deal with optics, the optical table, the power meter, and user training. The second edition includes coverage of the following new topics:Terahertz radiationLaser safety cultureOptical acceleratorsNanotechnology and laser applicationsLaser lab design lessonsLaser disposal"--
Semiconductor heterostructures represent the backbone for an increasing variety of electronic and photonic devices, for applications including information storage, communication and material treatment, to name but a few. Novel structural and material concepts are needed in order to further push the performance limits of present devices and to open up new application areas. This thesis demonstrates how key performance characteristics of three completely different types of semiconductor lasers can be tailored using clever nanostructure design and epitaxial growth techniques. All aspects of laser fabrication are discussed, from design and growth of nanostructures using metal-organic vapor-phase epitaxy, to fabrication and characterization of complete devices.
The use of laser pulses to alter the internal quantum structure of individual atoms and molecules has applications in quantum information processing, the coherent control of chemical reactions and in quantum-state engineering. This book presents the underlying theory of such quantum-state manipulation for researchers and graduate students. The book provides the equations, and approaches for their solution, which can be applied to complicated multilevel quantum systems. It also gives the background theory for application to isolated atoms or trapped ions, simple molecules and atoms embedded in solids. Particular attention is given to the ways in which quantum changes can be displayed graphically to help readers understand how quantum changes can be controlled.
Single particle laser-induced breakdown spectroscopy for elemental analysis of water and bioaerosols
A complete introduction to the application of advanced signal processing methods to biomedical engineering problemsThis edited volume, which grew out of the GNB (Gruppo Nazionale di Bioingegneria, Italy) Summer School on Biomedical Signal Processing, explains some of the most advanced methodological signal processing techniques and applies them to biomedical engineering problems. Prominent experts in the areas of biomedical signal processing, biomedical data treatment, medicine, signal processing, system biology, and applied physiology introduce novel techniques and algorithms as well as their clinical or physiological applications.Divided into seven sections, Advanced Methods of Biomedical Signal Processing covers:. The peculiarities of biomedical signal processing with respect to more traditional applications of digital signal processing and their classification. An experimental physiologist's and cardiologist's view of the cardiovascular, central and autonomic nervous systems. An important link between biomedical signal processing and physiological modeling. Time-frequency, time-scale, and wavelet analysis. Advanced methods employed in complexity measurements. Computational genomics and proteomics. Key methods for signal classification, such as neural networks, neuro-fuzzy and genetic algorithmsThe book provides a compelling overview of techniques, such as multisource and multi-scale integration of information for physiology and clinical decision; the integration of signal processing methods with a modeling approach; complexity measurement from biomedical signals; higher order analysis in biomedical signals; and classification and parameter enhancement. Various contributions reveal that biomedical signal processing must be viewed in a wider context, with key links to the modeling phase of the signal-generating mechanisms, in order to better comprehend the behavior of the biological system under investigation.Graduate and PhD students in engineering/biomedical engineering courses, physics and applied mathematics, as well as research professionals in medical and biological sciences will highly benefit from this authoritative resource.
Quantum Dot Devices
Tailoring the wavelength of continuous wave and mode locked semiconductor disk lasers
Predictive data-driven modeling approaches in environmental management decision-making
Nonlinear Optics and Solid-State Lasers : Advanced Concepts, Tuning-Fundamentals and Applications
This comprehensive volume provides a survey of the many innovations in the field of ultrashort pulse generation, and reviews the state of the art in compact, modelocked laser systems, discussing both their operational principles and potential applications. The theory of short optical pulse generation by modelocking is covered in the first chapter. Thereafter, modelocking techniques in different types of lasers are discussed: solid state lasers; diode-pumped lasers; fiber lasers; surface emitting semiconductor lasers; external cavity semiconductor lasers; hybrid soliton pulse sources; and monolithic colliding pulse modelocked diode lasers. Presenting both theoretical and experimental aspects throughout, this book will be invaluable to anyone interested in short pulse laser systems, and particularly to researchers involved in high-speed communications or the investigation of ultrafast phenomena.
Optical technologies in biophysics and medicine V : Saratov Fall Meeting 2003 : 7-10 October 2003, Saratov, Russia
Mechanisms of pulsed laser deposition of thin YBa2Cu3O7-[delta] films from nanostructured targets
Exploring Macroscopic Quantum Mechanics in Optomechanical Devices
The infrared and electro-optical systems handbook. Vol. 6, Active electro-optical systems
Optical Supercomputing : Third International Workshop, OSC 2010, Bertinoro, Italy, November 17-19, 2010, Revised Selected Papers
Laser Induced Breakdown Spectroscopy
Recent state-of-the-art technologies in fabricating low-loss optical and mechanical components have significantly motivated the study of quantum-limited measurements with optomechanical devices. Such research is the main subject of this thesis. In the first part, the author considers various approaches for surpassing the standard quantum limit for force measurements. In the second part, the author proposes different experimental protocols for using optomechanical interactions to explore quantum behaviors of macroscopic mechanical objects. Even though this thesis mostly focuses on large-scale laser interferometer gravitational-wave detectors and related experiments, the general approaches apply equally well for studying small-scale optomechanical devices. The author is the winner of the 2010 Thesis prize awarded by the Gravitational Wave International Committee.
Short pulse lasers using advanced fiber technology and saturable absorbers
Sheet metal cutting : collected articles and technical papers
The design and fabrication of lasing semiconductor nanostructures employing vertical-cavity geometry
Transpupillary thermotherapy and photodynamic therapy for neovascular age-related macular degeneration
Swedish summary.
Photonic MEMS devices : design, fabrication and control
Laser techniques and systems in art conservation
Multi-photon absorption in ultra-short laser pulse processing of sapphire wafers
Laser safety : tools and training
Construction of 2D laser cutting machine : fibre laser cutting
Laser spectroscopy of solids II
Laser-interferometric analysis of surface acoustic wave resonators
Nonlinear Optics in the Filamentation Regime
Laser safety in the lab
Study on system design and key technologies of case closure welding for ITER correction coil
Near-Earth laser communications
Advanced laser technologies 2007, 3-7 September 2007, Levi, Finland : proceedings
Laser Induced Breakdown Spectroscopy (LIBS) is an emerging technique for determining elemental composition. With the ability to analyse solids, liquids and gases with little or no sample preparation, it is more versatile than conventional methods and is ideal for on-site analysis. This is a comprehensive reference explaining the fundamentals of the LIBS phenomenon, its history and its fascinating applications across eighteen chapters written by recognized leaders in the field.  Over 300 illustrations aid understanding. This book will be of significant interest to researchers in chemical and materials analysis within academia and industry.
Laser electrochemistry of intermediates
Encyclopedia of laser physics and technology
An introduction to lasers and masers
Laser measurement technology : fundamentals anad applications
Laser fluorescence in detecting and monitoring the progression of occlusal dental caries lesions and for screening persons with unfavourable dietary habits
Handbook of lasers
High-power dilute nitride lasers grown by molecular beam epitaxy
Lasers : the power and precision of light
UV Lasers : effects and applications in materials science
The laser in America, 1950-1970
Safety of laser products = Sécurité des appareils à laser. Part 1, Equipment classification, requirements and user's guide
A simple and highly efficient diode-pumped Nd: YAG laser
Laser guide star adaptive optics for astronomy
Specification and approval of welding procedures for metallic materials : Part 11 : Welding procedure specification for laser beam welding
Introduction to industrial laser materials processing
GaSb-based gain and saturable absorber mirrors for lasers emitting at 2-2.5 μm
The Physics of Laser-Atom Interactions
There is no more challenging setting for laser use than a research environment. In almost every other setting the laser controls count on engineering controls, and human exposure is kept to a minimum. In research, however, the user often manipulates the optical layout and thereby places him or herself in peril, but this does not mean that accidents and injury are unavoidable. On the contrary, laser accidents can be avoided by following a number of simple approaches. Laser Safety in the Lab provides the laser user and laser safety officer with practical guidelines from housekeeping to eyewear to on-the-job training.
Lasers and holography
Power Scaling of Enhancement Cavities for Nonlinear Optics
Advances in laser materials processing : technology, research and applications
Monolithic semiconductor saturable absorber mirrors for ultra-short optical pulse generation
Treatment of Barrettś metaplasia by antireflux surgery and endoscopic laser ablation : a clinical experience in ten patients
An authoritative guide to developing high-level photonic devices and systems via laser diodesAs the number of Internet users continues to skyrocket, so does the importance of photonics, which contributes to building an infrastructure for the Internet. Laser diodes have the tremendous potential to expand photonics technology if their operating principles are applied to photonic devices such as optical filters and optical functional devices.This volume provides a thorough explanation of laser diode physics to enable the reader to develop superior photonic devices. It teaches the fundamentals behind the creation of such devices as energy bands of semiconductors, optical transitions, optical waveguides, and semiconductor junctions. Also reviewed are the characteristics of laser diodes, optical filters, and optical functional devices, which have been developed based on the above physics. These photonic devices are demonstrated in successful system applications, and several experimental results are clearly described. Further, this important work:. Bridges the large gap between journal papers and textbooks, giving readers a working understanding so they can comprehend the latest, most intricate journal papers and research in the field. Provides analytical tools for Fabry-Perot LDs, DFB-LDs, and VCSELs, including equations to follow. Delineates differences in specifications required for light sources and for optical filters and optical functional devices. Outlines actual experimental results for system applications of laser diodes, optical filters, and optical functional devices. Discusses challenges in the field to be overcome in the futureBy opening readers' eyes to the incredible potential of laser diodes, this book inspires future development in photonics technology. Laser Diodes and Their Applications to Communications and Information Processing can be utilized as an advanced undergraduate text or a graduate text. It is also extremely useful to researchers in the fields of physics and electronics, from those at the beginning of their careers to senior scientists.
Optical Supercomputing : 4th International Workshop, OSC 2012, in Memory of H. John Caulfield, Bertinoro, Italy, July 19-21, 2012. Revised Selected Papers
Springer Handbook of Lasers and Optics
Femtosecond laser micromachining of transparent material is a powerful and versatile technology. In fact, it can be applied to several materials. It is a maskless technology that allows rapid device prototyping, has intrinsic three-dimensional capabilities and can produce both photonic and microfluidic devices. For these reasons it is ideally suited for the fabrication of complex microsystems with unprecedented functionalities. The book is mainly focused on micromachining of transparent materials which, due to the nonlinear absorption mechanism of ultrashort pulses, allows unique three-dimensional capabilities and can be exploited for the fabrication of complex microsystems with unprecedented functionalities.This book presents an overview of the state of the art of this rapidly emerging topic with contributions from leading experts in the field, ranging from principles of nonlinear material modification to fabrication techniques and applications to photonics and optofluidics.
Modeling and measurement of partial spatial coherence
NFI plots as complementary reference data in forest inventory based on airborne laser scanning and aerial photography in Finland
Laser applications in medicine and biology
Resonance phenomena in nonlinear and active nanophotonics
Introduction to laser physics with applications in fiber optics
