http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11477 automation
automation
SIMTER  - A joint simulation tool for production development
Pneumatics : workbook : basic level
Creating a system that monitors in real time the amount of newspaper coming into the mailrooms.
Automated diagnostics of electronic systems
Test automation in an RNC environment
Managing change in manufacturing systems
On reliability and performance analyses of IEC 61850 for digital SAS
Cloud service life cycle management in context of FreeNest service
Cross cultural perspectives of automation : the impact on organizational and workforce management practices
Hydraulics : workbook : basic level
Redundant IEC 61850 communication protocols in substation automation
Automatable microplate-based in vitro assays for screening intestinal drug transport and metabolism
OpusCapita journal : passion for financial management
The automatic factory, what does it mean?
Welding handbook : consumables for manual and automatic welding
Developing Automatic System Monitoring Solution for Accanto Systems Customer Care
Medium speed engine application of a piezo electric actuated fuel injection valve
The glass cage : who needs humans anyway?
Applicability of advanced tool monitoring system to integration into FMSs
Power distribution automation
Evolutionary approach for achieving structural coverage in testing IEC 61499 function block systems
Modeling of motion control system for the soccer robot
AUTOMATIC TEST CREATION ENVIRONMENT WITH AN INDUSTRIAL ROBOT
Business process reengineering : automation decision points in process reengineering
Automatic test creation environment with industrial robot
Wireless Building Automation in Finland
The level control of the boiler drum
Smoke testing bench for freenest service
The rational factory : architecture, technology, and work in America's age of mass production
Repeatability in automatic sorting of curved Norway spruce saw logs
The advanced smart grid : edge power driving sustainability
ANTS- Automated NetAct Testing Suite
Selecting a Deployment Automation Tool for CRM Software in Elisa Oy
The pneumatic trainer. Volume 5, Fieldbus technology in pneumatics : information and instruction book about the basic of the Fieldbus technology and the application in pneumatics
This practical book gives a comprehensive introduction to the concepts and languages of the new standard IEC 61131 used to program industrial control systems. A summary of the special requirements in programming industrial automation systems and the corresponding features in the IEC 61131-3 standard makes it suitable for students as well as PLC experts. The material is presented in an easy-to-understand form using numerous examples, illustrations and summary tables.
Study and Optimization of Automatic Box Making Machine
Software Improvement for Mercury Pressure Measurement System : Working with PLC Communication in LabVIEW-Environment
Safety device upgrade for robotic cells : Machine safety
The purpose of this thesis is to define an Intelligent Milking System as a modern technology and innovation in the dairy farming that allows farmers to use computerized machines to do diversified activities regarding their dairy cattle management and productions systems. This thesis will explain why Kenya should adopt the use of this milking system in its dairy sector. In addition, it will explore how this system works in a typical dairy farm and highlight important considerations that will ensure farmers get high quality services and products. Moreover, it will present the importance of using milking machines in the dairy sector and how this has changed the lives of farmers, their animals and dependants. The paper will describe two Finnish case studies where Intelligent Milking System (IMS) has been successfully embraced. It will also highlight the significance of adopting this practice by the Kenya Dairy Board (KDB) to boost milk production quality and quantity in Kenya. Lastly, it will present recommendations on how this method can be improved to ensure there is a maximum profit generation, reduced costs and improved quality and quantity of milk supply.
Wireless sensor networks controlled with PIC microcontrollers and Zigbee protocol
Introduction to automation for librarians
Guidelines for Automation Project Execution
Computer applications in the automation of shipyard operation and ship design, VII : proceedings of the IFIP TC5/WG 5.6 Seventh International Conference on Computer Applications in the Automation of Shipyard Operation and Ship Design, VII, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, 10-13 September, 1991
IoT automation : arrowhead Framework
Computerizing production management systems : a practical guide for managers
Automation handbook
On-board electronic control systems of future automated heavy machinery
Predictive maintenance in MicroSCADA application
Baseband test automation and standardization in R & D
ICMA 2006 : conference proceedings
Industry hybrid libraries : EBR and BIL
Pneumatics : basic level
Advances in library automation and networking
Robotic welding, intelligence and automation : RWIA 2010
Enhancement of Openbravo POS System
Planning and implementing successful system migrations
Sustainable flexibility : a prospective study on work, family and society in the information age
Comparing manual and automated warehousing functions in paper manufacturing
Programming your home : automate with Arduino, Android, and your computer
Automation of measurements for a radio frequency transmitter and receiver
Software test automation on UNIX platforms
Intelligent milking systems : computerized dairy cows management and control systems
Automated software testing : introduction, management, and performance
Microsoft windows administrator's automation toolkit
Methods for Automated Civil Construction Production Control
The rise of the robots : technology and the threat of a jobless future
The objective of this Bachelor’s thesis was to automate performance measurements done in the development of a radio transmitter and a receiver. The main objective was to develop measurement automation routines for five basic performance measurements using National Instruments LabVIEW as a software development environment. In order to meet this objective, a study of radio technology and their architecture was required. Additionally, a study of measurement systems and control was required. The developed software had to be modular to ease further development in future. The thesis was done for OY LM Ericsson AB site in Oulu, which is concentrated on the development of small-cell base station products. Measurement results gained with automation software were compared to those of manual measurements. As a result, main five measurements were successfully automated, and the results obtained matched those of manual measurements in terms of accuracy. Also, multiple smaller measurement automation routines were developed to ease automation development in the future. The thesis work was evaluated successful because of time and resources saved by the automation. In addition, it was possible to use the software modules in different additional measurements, for example in the testing of signal processing algorithms.
Enhanced testing automation proof of concept for FreeNest
Plant simulation and control using WIZCON and WIZPLC
Additive manufacturing technologies : rapid prototyping to direct digital manufacturing
Robotic telescopes : current capabilities, present developments, and future prospects for automated astronomy : proceedings of a symposium held as part of the 106th Annual Meeting of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific, Flagstaff, Arizona, 28-30 June 1994
This Bachelor’s thesis was commissioned by OY LM Ericsson AB. The work was done at Ericsson’s premises in Oulu. Oulu premises concentrate on re-search and development of base station solutions for WCDMA and LTE-networks. The purpose of this thesis was to automate base station test cases in a real RNC-environment in a WCDMA-network, mainly traffic cases that measure average throughput in different conditions and settings. The main aim of this automation was to automate some of the testing so that human resources that were consumed by this basic testing could be assigned to something more useful. And of course automation could bring much needed stability and better regression to testing. Other aims were to document the used equipment and choose test cases to automate. The aims were achieved so that the chosen transfer multi-RAB and soft hando-ver test cases were automated. All of the test cases are not possible to auto-mate but few more should be possible. Unfortunately that was not possible in time reserved for this thesis. The used equipment was also documented. Auto-mation is in use for daily software release testing now. This automation could be taken further for example by attaching a signal ana-lyzer with an Ethernet connection. This would enable antenna power measurements. Robustness testing cases are possible to add to this system. Adding a third base station to the attenuator would add many different variations for handovers.
Renewing of UNIC C3 test rig
Integration testing of protection relays
Electrohydraulics : workbook : basic level
Distribution automation in Finland : final report of the research programme 1990-1992
Implementation of IEC 61850 in solar applications
Sofware Improvement for Mercury Pressure Measurement System : working with PLC Communication in LabVIEW-Environment
Automation of GSM system simulator TS8916B by Rohde & Schwartz
Middleware solutions for automation applications : case RTPS
Cutting costs with pneumatics : low-cost automation from the economical and technical perspectives. Problem-solutions for practical application demonstrated by examples
Automation of electric vehicle and development prospects
Industrial society
Feasibility Study of Implementing an Industrial Robot For Induction Hardening Machine
Optimal control of greenhouse cultivation
Critical approaches to information technology in librarianship : foundations and applications
Project towards automatic invoicing : Case: Metso Minerals Inc.
Design and implementation of a data collection system with Raspberry Pi for greenhouse monitoring
MACHINE VISION AND OBJECT SORTING : PLC Communication with LabVIEW using OPC
Modelling cutting states in rough turning of 34CrNiMo6 steel
Improving the remote control of a mobile robot using positioning and ubiquitous techniques
Closed-loop pneumatics : workbook basic level
Electro-pneumatics : book of exercises with solutions : advanced level : D.LE-TP202-1-GB 093016
Automation : the technology and society
Wireless systems in greenhouse
Automatization of a grain dryer
Manufacturing and automation technology : tech lab workbook
Robotics : discover the science and technology of the future with 20 projects
Total manufacturing assurance : controlling product reliability, safety, and quality
Service automation framework : for the design and delivery of automated services
Automation in libraries
Planning a layout design for the washing line of Parker Hannifin Oy
Tiivistelmä: ANTS-Automated NetAct Testing Suite.
Measurement system in a wooden apartment building : Data acquisition system and web user interface
Automation of a Diamond Plant
Flexible robotics : applications to multiscale manipulations
A Study of IEC 62443
Reformation of the test rack
Line following robot
Home Automation Using Touch Screen
Automation of Zircon Blasting for Barrel and Receiver Combination : Investment Project
Renew the car track control panel programming with SIEMENS
Flexibility of flexible manufacturing systems
Exploring Arduino : tools and techniques for engineering wizardry
Micro-electronics, robotics and jobs
Selecting tool for automated testing of user interface
High-level job planning for automated earthmoving
IEC 61131-3: programming industrial automation systems : concepts and programming languages, requirements for programming systems, decision-making aids
Discrete-time control systems
Infrastructure and mobile radio devices hardware can be roughly divided in three different sections: RF (Radio Frequency), DFE (Digital Front End) and BB (Baseband). RF and DFE sections can vary between different products, but usually the BB section is very similar. Because of this the testing of the Baseband section is also similar between different products and versions. The time between different product versions is rational to minimize to keep the product schedule of a product announcement on time. This fact brings a schedule pressure to a Research and Development testing. Products should be tested faster and the test coverage should be sufficient. This Master’s thesis was commissioned by Elektrobit Wireless Communications Oy. Infrastructure and mobile radio device planning belongs to their portfolio. The aim of this Thesis was to speed up and to ease the work of test designers and test operators. It was done by creating a ready test library for the research and development phase testing. The library contains basic information and examples about different tests done to a device under test. The same library will also help in measurement instruments acquisition and resource planning. SpiraTest test management software was used in test library generation. The purpose of the Automation is to investigate how Research and Development phase Baseband testing can be speed up. LabVIEW programming language was chosen to be used as automation tool. The main reason for its selection was the available device drivers. Clock signal quality measurement test was chosen to be automated. The oscilloscope setup for different signals and results saving was automated.
Abstract: ANTS-Automated NetAct Testing Suite.
Content Development for “Lern-umgebung für SPS Systeme”
Office automation : administrative and human problems
Modular pick-and-place devices
Closed loop hydraulics : workbook
Automated Customer Support System
Design of water cooling system for 6-axis welding robot drives
Ways of organizing workpiece and information flows in flexible manufacturing of rotational workpieces
Another 20 years
Business justification for the implementation of radio frequency identification (RFID) systems in support of logistics – case company: JAT-Asennus Oy
Improving The Performance and Efficiency of Wrap-Around-Machine : Case: Famifarm Oy, Joroinen Finland
Automation of Measurements for a Radio Frequency Transmitter and Receiver
Information technology and work environment : published papers
Industrial systems review
Cellular automata, dynamical systems and neural networks
In Silicon Valley the phrase "disruptive technology" is tossed around on a casual basis. No one doubts that technology has the power to devastate entire industries and upend various sectors of the job market. But Rise of the Robots asks a bigger question: Can accelerating technology disrupt our entire economic system to the point where a fundamental restructuring is required? Companies like Facebook and YouTube may only need a handful of employees to achieve enormous valuations, but what will be the fate of those of us not lucky or smart enough to have gotten into the great shift from human labor to computation? -
Managing organizational change : human factors and automation
Autonomous weapon systems : the need for meaningful human control
Engineering databases : connecting islands of automation through databases
Process automation handbook : a guide to theory and practice
Gadgets, games, robots, and the digital world
Programmable logic controllers : book of exercises with solutions : advanced level : D.LE-TP302-2-GB 093376
Electrohydraulics : TP 601 : textbook
Software for industrial automation
Implementation of counter testing in Nokia Automation System
Tiivistelmä: Smoke testing bench for freenest service.
Factory information systems : design and implementation for CIM management and control
Electronic information service : automation in a small unit
Computer vision for robotic systems : an introduction
Greenhouse automation : simulated greenhouse
Model-driven development of control applications : modeling tools, simulations and safety
Chipcard use in libraries and information webs : recommendations to create intelligent libraries in Europe
Development of the redundantpower supply ofautomation systems
Library automation : core concepts and practical systems analysis
Production planning and scheduling. Automated manufacturing systems / editor: Joseph B. Mazzola
Building reference development environment in cloud using FreeNest
Tuning the design procedures for laser processed microwave mechanics
Process control modules : a software laboratory for control design
Electropneumatics : workbook : basic level
Abstract: Industry hybrid libraries : EBR and BIL.
Guidelines for automation project execution
Just ordinary robots
The industrial information technology handbook
Automatic indexing : an approach using an index term corpus and combining linquistic and statistical methods
Autonomous packaging robot
Conveyor maintenance in Famifarm Oy
Designing automated module testing framework
Industrial and Manufacturing Systems
Redesigning library services : a manifesto
Robotics
This thesis was commissioned by Nokia Networks as a part of a wider ongoing quality project. The main objective for this thesis and the quality project was to improve diagnostic accuracy on a certain base station product by targeting the most misdiagnosed faults and to reduce unnecessary component replacement. To achieve the objective, an early version of an automated diagnostic tool was developed. The tool was developed using Microsoft Visual Studio and C# programming language. The tool uses diagnostic databases to hold diagnostic information. The diagnostic databases were implemented using XML (Extensible Markup Language). The diagnostic databases implement fault models and rule based diagnostics to troubleshoot target products. Two pilot programs were launched in order to verify the functionality of the tool and measure improvements on diagnostic accuracy. The results of the pilots were encouraging; the rate of failed diagnoses decreased by 88%. The success of the pilot programs and the ease of use of the tool sparked interest to it, and it was decided to be taken into global use in system module repair of Nokia Networks base stations. Further development is, however, still needed to extend the coverage of the tool and to add new features.
STUDY AND DESIGN OF ENLARGED AUTOMATED TEST STATION FOR GRID AUTOMATION CONTROL CABINETS
Open Source Automation for Hydroponics : Design, Construction, Programming and Testing
Production control and plant logistics : an update for the European meat industry
Robotic welding, intelligence and automation
Hospital mortality of intensive care patients in Finland : insights into prognostic factors and measuring outcomes
WiMAX link performance analysis for wireless automation applications
Abstract: Cross-evaluation Reports of the Degree Programmes in Automation  Technology, Software Engineering, and Information Technology.
The rise of the robots : technology and the threat of mass unemployment
The use of production control software in a specific production typology
Automation for robotics
Rapid Prototyping Systems  In Wärtsilä Laboratory
Human aspects of library automation
Improving browser-based UI test automation : Konecranes case study
Automated washing and level controlling of a tank system
Automatic Washing System : Analysis of Problems and Evaluation of Possible Solutions
Advanced instrumentation and computer I/O design : real-time system computer interface engineering
Papermaking science and technology. Book 14, Process and maintenance management
Automation, work organization and workers' commitment
Introductory robotics
Tiivistelmä: Building reference development environment in cloud using FreeNest.
Possibilities to use automatic and manual timing in time studies on harvester operations
RTU 560 with IEC 61850 : Vaasa Engineering Oy
Fuzzy control and identification
Automation, production systems, and computer-integrated manufacturing
Occupational health and safety in automation and robotics : the proceedings of the 5th UOEH International Symposium, Kitakyushu, Japan, 20-21 September 1985
Computers and society
Automating interface and verification testing
Air pollution in eastern Lapland : challenge for an environmental measurement station
Reveals how automation is affecting our ability to solve problems, forge memories and acquire skills. This book shows how the most important decisions of our lives are now being made by machines and the radical effect this is having on our ability to learn. It argues that we must rethink its role in our lives.
Automation of baseband signal verification measurements for mobile phones : Baseband-signaalien verifiointimittausten automatisointi matkapuhelimille
