http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1149 pictures
pictures images
The Language and Style of Film Criticism brings together original essays from an international range of academics and film critics highlighting the achievements, complexities and potential of film criticism. In recent years, in contrast to the theoretical, historical and cultural study of film, film criticism has been relatively marginalised, especially within the academy. This book highlights the distinctiveness of film criticism and addresses ways in which it can take a more central place within the academy and develop in dynamic ways outside it. The Language and Style of Film Criticism is essential reading for academics, teachers, students and journalists who wish to understand and appreciate the language and style of film criticism.
Argumentation on the image of Finland in the EU, the Ministry of Education as a rhetorician, 1994-2005
ULTRA 3-D : FINE ART PRINT BOOK
Visualization : using computer graphics to explore data and present information
Nautical illustrations : CD-ROM and book
Visual notes for architects and designers
Did you know that the dog who played Toto in The Wizard of Oz earned more money for the film than any of the munchkins did? Or that three quarters of the women James Bond has slept with have tried to kill him? Would you be surprised to find out that censors in New Zealand cut The Muppet Movie because (according to them) it featured scenes of gratuitous violence? And who would have thought that Jack Nicholson was a strong contender for the role of Hannibal Lecter in Silence of the Lambs?! If you enjoy going to the movies, then you’ll love this book that contains over three hundred amazing facts about your favourite flicks. Organised into sections as diverse as cameos, props, costumes, stunts, original endings, bad decisions and many more, this is the perfect addition for any film fan’s bookshelf.
Encyclopedia of source illustrations. Volume 2, Military sciences, naval sciences, architecture, mythology and religious rites, the fine arts, technology
The producer's business handbook : the roadmap for the balanced film producer
Image restoration : fundamentals and advances
In the kitchen with Alain Passard : inside the world (and mind) of a master chef
Introduction to incoherent scatter measurements
Filmcraft editing
Pictorial Victorians : the inscription of values in word and image
Design parts sourcebook : romantic
Digital Animation Workflow for Live Cinema : "Roll" - Visual Performance
The Agile Rabbit picture atlas of flowers
How prints look : photographs with commentary
Queer glances on gender, sexuality and the body : presentation of my doctoral thesis
Hollywood blockbusters : the anthropology of popular movies
Abstract.
The development of ambiguous figure perception
Image and video databases : restoration, watermarking and retrieval
Historical images of education
Contemporary art and artists : an index to reproductions / comp. by Pamela Jeffcott Parry
Audio-visual productions in sociology
Critics review or preceding week̕s admissions explaining movie admissions
Visegrad cinema : points of contact from the new waves to the present
The dark Man
Symbolism in liturgical art
Ideal and disintegration : dynamics of the self and art at the fin-de-siècle
Employee Brand Advocacy : Case: The Marketing Agency Expression Ltd.
Roman coins
Visual information
Dream City : Helsinki
Research on Image De-Noising Enhancement
Algebraic methods for constructing blur-invariant operators and their applications
Philosophical film worlds : can films themselves philosophize and if so, how can this be achieved and furthermore interpreted?
The league of extraordinary gentlemen. Volume III, book 1, Century : 1910
60's Cars : Vintage Auto Ads
Processing of synthetic aperture radar images
Inventions : Pop Up Models from the Drawings of Leonardo da Vinci
Another dimension : you have to see it to believe it!
PACS : a guide to the digital revolution
Document image retrieval with improvements in database quality
Principles of synthetic aperture radar imaging : a system simulation approach
Military Aircraft in Colour
One Hundred Films and a Funeral
Kizi : progulki po ostrov = Kizhi : Strolling about the island : Kishi : Spaziergang rund um die Insel : Photoalbum
IMAGE AND REPUTATION MANAGEMENT OF THE KAINUU REGION
Mr Tumble's search and say
Manga for Dummies
The history of Lapland and the case of the Sami noaidi drum figures reversed
Ready-to-use floral spot illustrations
Romeo and Juliet
The Language and Style of Film Criticism
Sketching youth, self, and youth work
Dilbert 2.0 : the early years 1989-1993
Blogs, wikis, podcasts and other powerful web tools for classrooms
Pictorial composition and the critical judgment of pictures
How pictures complete us : the beautiful, the sublime, and the divine
Effective website development : tools and techniques
Looking at pictures
The pin-up : a modest history
Multimedia and imaging databases
Visual vocabulary, visual strategy
Representation and retrieval of image information
The Weimar insanity : photographs and propaganda from the Nazi era
Color Grading a Feature Film for Digital Cinema
Incredible iPhone apps for dummies
Magic Eye beyond 3D : improve your vision with magic eye
50 optical illusions
Extraordinary records = Außergewöhnliche Schallplatten = Disques extraordinaires : records from the collections of Alessandro Benedetti and Peter Bastine
Coating process monitoring using computer vision
A people of seers : the political aesthetics of postwar cinema revisited
Film, music and induced mixed-emotion
Print your own fabric
Digital and radiographic imaging : a practical approach
Undeleted Scenes
Film in five seconds : over 150 great movie moments - in moments!
X-ray : see through the wolrd around you
The visual effects arsenal : VFX solutions for the independent filmmaker
There are many ways to picture the world - Australian 'x-ray' pictures, cubist collages, Amerindian split-style figures, and pictures in two-point perspective each draw attention to different features of what they represent. The premise of Understanding Pictures is that this diversity is the central fact with which a theory of figurative pictures must reckon. Lopes argues that identifying pictures' subjects is akin to recognizing objects whose appearances have changed over time. He develops a schema for categorizing the different ways pictures represent-the different kinds of meaning they have-and he contends that depiction's epistemic value lies in its representational diversity. He also offers a novel account of the phenomenology of pictorial experience, comparing pictures to visual prostheses like mirrors and binoculars. The book concludes with a discussion of works of art which have made pictorial meaning their theme, demonstrating the importance of the issues this book raises for understanding the aesthetics of pictures.
Idea-set : illustrations and publicity designs = Illustrations- und Werbezeichnungen = Illustrations et dessins publicitaires = Ilustraciones y dibujos publicitarios
Banners, ribbons and scrolls : CD-ROM & book
Iconic America : a roller-coaster ride through the eye-popping panorama of American pop culture
Illumination, color and imaging : evaluation and optimization of visual displays
Alec : the years have pants
The psychology of imagination
Hollar to Heideloff : an exhibition of fashion prints drawn from the collections of members of the Costume Society and held at the Victoria and Albert Museum 5 december 1979 to 18 february 1980.
The problems of representation and perception in cubism
Pastors on the new continent in socialist caricatures
Art, modernity and faith : towards a theology of art
Atlas of hematology
Reading images and seeing words
Imagery in the 21st century
Mateki : the magic flute
100 more paper planes to fold & fly
Imagery ability and imagery use in individual and team sports
The photographic image in digital culture
100 royalty free jpeg files : including macintosh & windows hybrid cd-rom
The ticking
Prediction and evaluation of color halftone print quality based on microscopic measurement
Picture researcher's handbook : an international guide to picture sources and how to use them
The Brand Image versus the Brand Identity ‎of a New Brand ‎ : Case RIPS Ruis Snack
Text and visuality : word & image interactions
Drive in cinema : essays on film, theory and politics
Performing Northern places and identities in children's still-picture animation films
Popdelic patterns : 60's pop culture & psychedelic
Encyclopedia of source illustrations : a portable picture library of 5000 steel engravings. Vol. 2, Illustrating in systematic arrangement the fields of Military Sciences: Naval Sciences: Architecture: Mythology and Religious Rites: The Fine Arts: Technology
Contemporary self-portraits. Me as me
From still life to the screen : print culture, display, and the materiality of the image in eighteenth-century London
Narrative across media : the languages of storytelling
The dose and image quality in mammography practice in Finland
Taiteen kielet = Konstens språk = The languges of art
Picture viewing and picture description : two windows on the mind
Introduction to art image access : issues, tools, standards, strategies / edited by Murtha Baca
The practical application of Pictogram
Reputation management : a study of leading Finnish companies
"This book develops the stochastic geometry framework for image analysis purpose. Two main frameworks are described: marked point process and random closed sets models. We derive the main issues for defining an appropriate model. The algorithms for sampling and optimizing the models as well as for estimating parameters are reviewed. Numerous applications, covering remote sensing images, biological and medical imaging, are detailed. This book provides all the necessary tools for developing an image analysis application based on modern stochastic modeling"--.
Estonian culture : a magazine of true merit where the good reader can gather information about Estonian culture : theatre, film and music and the progression of any kind of creative thought = Libellus periodicus praeclarus quo, lector benevole, te certiorem facere potes de cultu civili Estonico, velut de litteris, de arte scaenica, musica, cinematographika itemque de motu ingenii omnis generis
Painting vintage style : inspired by classic sign art for today's painter
Seba's snake and lizards
Cosmic imagery : key images in the history of science
Practical radiographic imaging
The roll medium : the origins and development of the moving panorama until 1860s
Thousands of words : a comparative study on the functions of pictorial illustrations in English language textbooks
Rethinking webcomics : webcomics as a screen based medium
Softimage : towards a new theory of the digital image
From a tourist's conception to a graphic image : a case study in practice-based research
Building a visual vocabulary : the methodology of 'reading' images in context
Design elements : using images to create graphic impact : a graphic style manual for effective image solutions in graphic design
Bilder als Quellen = Images as sources : studies on ancient Near Eastern artefacts and the Bible inspired by the work of Othmar Keel
Digital image access & retrieval : papers presented at the 1996 Clinic on Library Applications of Data Processing, March 24-26, 1996
Image super-resolution and applications
The apse, the image and the icon : an historical perspective of the apse as a space for images
Signs, symbols and ciphers : decoding the message
Image and representation : key concepts in media studies
Creating Brand for CoreFinland Ltd
"Addressing a variety of applications, this book covers a wide range of topics pertaining to image restoration. Topics covered include image denoising, document image analysis, remote sensing applications, and image formation modeling. Content also addresses blind image restoration, iterative optimization techniques, learning-based image restoration, and non-local approach, as well as super-resolution, multi-spectral restoration, and video inpainting. Contributors from various countries help readers understand the essentials, the state of the art, and the research directions. The text features background material, mathematical content, a survey of the methods, examples, comparisons, and a bibliography".
Picture this : how pictures work
Contemporary self-portraits. Féin-phortráidí conhaimiseartha
Clumsy : a novel
Producing a 3D animated teaser trailer : case : tale of the orbs
Understanding pictures
Visual studies : a skeptical introduction
The master of illusions : pictures to ponder from a visual virtuoso
"Preface We know what you are asking yourself. There are a lot of books available in image processing so what is novel in this book?' We can summarize the answer with the following points 1. This book is devoted to the issue of obtaining high-resolution images from single or multiple low-resolution images. 2. You always see different algorithms for image interpolation and super-resolution without a common thread between the two processes. This book presents interpolation as a building block in the super-resolution reconstruction process. 3. You see research papers on image interpolation either as a polynomial-based problem or an inverse problem without a comparison of the two trends. This book presents this comparison. 4. Two chapters are devoted to two complementary steps that are used to obtain high-resolution images. These steps are image registration and image fusion. 5. This book presents two directions for image super-resolution; super-resolution with a priori information and blind super-resolution. 6. This book presents applications for image interpolation and super-resolution in medical and satellite image processing. 7. MATLABʼ codes for most of the simulation experiments discussed in this book are included in Appendix D at the end of the book. Finally, we hope that this book will be helpful for the image processing community. MATLABʼ is a registered trademark of The MathWorks, Inc. For product information, please contact: The MathWorks, Inc. 3 Apple Hill Drive Natick, MA 01760-2098 USA Tel: 508-647-7000 Fax: 508-647-7001 E-mail: info@mathworks.com Web: www.mathworks.com".
The picture communication symbols : The wordless edition : PCS books I and II combined
Tiivistelmä: Study on applicability of ZEISS light microscope for polymer structure analysis.
"Sgt. Pompous and the Fancy Pants Club Band" : comparing and contrasting the translations of verbal humor in screen translations of Shrek
Scalable computing and communications : theory and practice
How to see the world : a Pelican introduction
Stochastic geometry for image analysis
Imaging materials. processed imaging materials - albums, framing and storage materials = Matériaux pour image. Matériaux pour image après traitement - albums, cadrage et matériaux d'archivage
Study on applicability of ZEISS light microscope for polymer structure analysis
Depth-map image compression based on region and contour modeling
Teach yourself visually Photoshop CC
"Imagery is powerful and evocative. It is one of the most important cornerstones of successful visual communication, and working with imagery is a vital skill for every designer. This authoritative book shows how successful sourcing, creation, and use of imagery can be applied to professional graphic design. As a new addition to the Design Elements series, this essential volume covers when, where, and how to use imagery and explores the unique power images have over an audience.In these pages, you'll learn:- How to choose the best photos and illustrations for a project- The most effective ways to alter images- Composition techniques- Strategies for sourcing images on a tight budget- And moreWith eye-opening examples of real-world projects, Design Elements, Using Images to Create Graphic Impact is filled with valuable tips and practical strategies for using imagery to create memorable and effective design"--
Image segmentation in multi-source forest inventory
The itty bitty knitty committee : an argyle sweater collection
The Photo Viewer Application
Updating stand level inventory data applying growth models and visual interpretation of aerial photographs
Jesuit image theory
Film music : a history
Visualizing the Tourism Experience : Case: The Effect of Photographic Images in the View of Spanish Eyes
Design culture : an anthology of writing from the aiga journal of graphic design
The agile rabbit visual dictionary of vegetables
Books, reading and writing illustrations CD-rom and book : 347 different copyrihgt-free designs
The future of the image / Jacques Rancière ; translated by Gregory Elliott
Eduardo Paolozzi at New worlds
The art of digital photography
Tribe : excercises in transitory art
Thieme atlas of anatomy image collection : general anatomy and musculoskeletal system
Men's adventure magazines in postwar America : the Rich Oberg collection
The league of extraordinary gentlemen. Volume III, book 2, Century : 1910
Image and video restoration with nonlocal transform-domain filtering
Grammar of the edit
Contemporary self-portraits. Children make their mark
Every girl is the end of the world for me : December 26 2003-January 15 2004
Video as a Music Visualization Tool : Project: Aquatic System
The amazing book of movie trivia
The visual narrative reader
Designs of modern costume engraved for Thomas Hope of Deepdense by Henry Moses 1812
Film-induced Tourism in Finland : Its Current State and Opportunities
The use of colour in movie poster design : an analysis of four genres
Film studies : the basics
Manga for dummies
Classroom application of using visual stimuli in learning dynamics and pitch
Releasing the image : from literature to new media
Computers, graphics, & learning
Corporate identity and internal implementation of a corporate brand
Simply Photoshop elements 8
Image databases and multi-media search
Ethnicity as otherness in visual representations : an approach to a critical discursive methodology
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo = Finnish illustrated list of ships 1994
Find Spot!
Framing techniques & decorating ideas
The insider's guide to creating comics and graphic novels
Fifty contemporary film directors
Intelligent image databases : towards advanced image retrieval
Three Fingers
Teach yourself visually iPhoto for iPad
On pictures and the words that fail them
Incite 4, Relax, Restore, Renew : the Best of Mixed Media
Contemporary self-portraits. Kaasaegne autoportree = Современый автопотрет = Contemporary self-portrait
Sociology and visual representation
Typology and Iconography in Donne, Herbert, and Milton : fashioning the self after Jeremiah
Eye tricks : incredible 3d stereograms
Music illustrations : CD-ROM and book
Genealogy and ontology of the Western image and its digital future
American Civil War armies. 1, Confederate troops
Advanced Photoshop Elements 6 for digital photographers
Water colors & drawings : catalogue of exhibition
Dilbert 2.0 : the boom years 1994-1997
Coating Process Monitoring Using Computer Vision
Teach yourself visually Photoshop Elements
Enhancement and restoration of digital documents : statistical design of nonlinear algorithms
Natural language communication with pictorial information systems
Picture librarianship
Multimedia and virtual reality engineering
Red rascals war
The tourist's choice
Wild flowers of the World
How to tell If your cat Is plotting to kill you
Truth needs no ally : inside photojournalism
Literacy : reading, writing and children's literature
