http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11491 freedom of religion
freedom of religion
Encyclopedia of religious freedom
A perfect freedom : religious liberty in Pennsylvania
Tackling religious discrimination : practical implications for policy-makers and legislators
Guidelines for review of legislation pertaining to religion or belief
Religion and the constitution. Volume 2, Establishment and fairness
State responses to minority religions
Islam and human rights in practice : perspectives across the Ummah
Religious dietary rules and the protection of religious freedom : some evidence from practice in Italy
A voice in the wilderness : letters, appeals, essays
A church that can and cannot change : the development of Catholic moral teaching
John Locke on toleration and the unity of God
Liberum arbitrium and necessitas : a philosophical inquiry into Augustine's conception of the will
Religion, rights and secular society : European perspectives
Civil liberties in China
Zhongguo zhengfu baipishu. (2) / (2) / Compiled by Information Office of the State Council of the People's Republic of China
Freedom of religion or belief : ensuring effective international legal protection
Ideas of religious toleration at the time of Joseph II; a study of the enlightenment among Catholics in Austria
The strength of diversity : human rights and pluralist democracy
Religious liberty : an inquiry
"Catholicism and American Freedom is a tale of strange bedfellows and bitter conflicts over issues such as slavery, public education, economic reform, the movies, contraception, and abortion. It is an international story, as both liberals and conservatives were influenced by ideas and events abroad, from the 1848 revolutions to the rise of Fascism and the Spanish Civil War in the 1930s, to papal encyclicals and the Second Vatican Council in the 1960s; and by the people, from scholarly Jesuits to working class Catholics, who immigrated from Europe and Latin America."--BOOK JACKET.
Relations of Muslims and non-Muslims
From Tyndale to Madison is a sweeping literary work passionately tracing the epic history of religious liberty across three centuries, from the turbulent waning days of medieval Europe to colonial America and the birth pangs of a new nation. With literally a cast of thousands, the tapestry of world history is on display here. From the remarkable translation work of William Tyndale to the court intrigues of Henry VIII and Thomas More, the battle for the English Bible culminates in the venerable King James Version. Also detailed is the spread of the Reformation through the eyes of Martin Luther, John Knox, and John Calvin-in their own, often surprising words. Readers witness the anguish of religious dissenters under the oppressive reign of Bloody Mary and the first sparks of liberty with the rise of Oliver Cromwell and the English Commonwealth. A little more than one hundred years later, across the sea, James Madison, Patrick Henry, and Thomas Jefferson fight to establish a bill of rights that will guarantee every American citizen the “free exercise” of their religion. Without sugarcoating either side of the story, author Michael Farris, an exemplary twenty-first-century statesman and constitutional lawyer who regularly defends religious freedom on Capitol Hill, shares eye-opening historical details regarding the sacrifices people made then to secure the inalienable rights we enjoy today. “We must tell the story of the Christian persecutors, so that we can put to the test the claim that people who cared little about faith and religion were the heroes of liberty. The true heroes are not to be found among the salons of the Enlightenment philosophes, but in the cells in King's Bench Prison and tied to the stake at Smithfield.” This is their story.
Religious liberty in the world : a general review of the world situation in 1965
World of faith and freedom : why international religious liberty is vital to American national security
Human rights, fundamental rights and the common constitutional traditions in the protection of religious pluralism and diversity in Europe : a study in the democratic paradox
This compilation of primary documents provides a thorough and balanced examination of the evolving relationship between public religion and American culture, from pre-colonial biblical and European sources to the early nineteenth century, to allow the reader to explore the social and political forces that defined the concept of religious liberty and shaped American church-state relations. --from publisher description
Religion, reformation, and repression in the reign of Francis I : documents from the Parlement of Paris, 1515-1547
Freedom of religion, apostasy and Islam
Proselytization and communal self-determination in Africa
Religion, intolerance, and conflict : a scientific and conceptual investigation
Freedom of religion or belief : an international law commentary
Freedom of religion : a commentary on a charter of religious freedom issued by the Joint committee on religious liberty
Includes bibliographical references and index.
Islam and human rights : tradition and politics
An analysis of the present situation in the world concerning religious freedom
Religious liberty in Eastern Europe and the USSR : before and after the great transformation
A secular Europe : law and religion in the european constitutional landscape
"Few constitutional issues have been as contentious in modern times as those concerning school prayer and the public funding of religious schools. But as Steven K. Green reveals in The Bible, the School, and the Constitution, this debate actually reached its apogee just after the Civil War, between 1863 and 1876. Green shows that controversy over Bible reading in public schools, commonly called 'the School Question, ' captured national attention to an unprecedented degree. Public education during the nineteenth century faced many competing pressures, including a widespread belief that schooling required a moral if not religious basis, a belief among many Protestants that Catholic immigration presented a threat to Protestant culture and to republican values, the need to accommodate increasing religious pluralism in the schools, and evolving understandings of constitutional principles. The School Question provided Americans with the opportunity to address and articulate these pressures, and to engage in a grand-and sometimes not so grand-public debate over the meaning of separation of church and state. Green demonstrates that the modern Supreme Court's decisions on school funding and Bible reading did not create new legal doctrines or abolish dominant practices, but built on legal concepts and educational trends that had been developing since the early nineteenth century. He also shows that while public reaction to a growing Catholic presence was a leading factor in this development, it was but one element in the rise of the legal doctrines the high court would embrace in the mid-twentieth century. Rarely in the nation's history have people from such various walks of life-Protestants and Catholics, skeptics and theocrats, nativists and immigrants, educators and politicians-been able to participate in a national discussion over the meaning of a constitutional principle. The debates of this period laid the foundation for constitutional arguments that still rage today"--Provided by publisher.
The Bahá'is in Iran : a report on the persecution of a religious minority
Change in official Catholic moral teaching
Religious freedom in Malaysia : challenges for minorities and the quest for intercultural dialogue
International code on religious freedom
Religious diversity : philosophical and political dimensions
Independence of mind
The relationship between religion, intolerance and conflict is the subject of intense discussion, particularly in the context of the ongoing threat of terrorism. This book contains papers written by scholars in anthropology, psychology, philosophy, and theology exploring the scientific and conceptual dimensions of religion and human conflict.
The founding fathers and the place of religion in America
How free can religion be?
Religious freedom : rights and liberties under the law
The religious and the secular in European human rights discourse
Freedom and authority in religions and religious education
Secular government, religious people
Christianity under stress. Vol. 3, Protestantism and politics in Eastern Europe and Russia : the communist and postcommunist eras
A critical assessment of the United Nations resolutions on combating defamation of religions in the light of international human rights law
Freedom and the construction of Europe. Vol. 1, Religious and constitutional liberties
The third choice : Islam, dhimmitude and freedom
Religious freedom in Africa
Building social cohesion on the foundations of human rights
To dream of dreams : religious freedom and constitutional politics in postwar Japan
The Bible, the school, and the Constitution : the clash that shaped modern church-state doctrine
The Baltic churches in the process of transformation and consolidation of democracy since 1985.
The American myth of religious freedom
The tsar's foreign faiths : toleration and the fate of religious freedom in Imperial Russia
Religious liberty and international law in Europe
Christianity and freedom. Volume 1, Historical perspectives
New Netherland and the Dutch origins of American religious liberty
White paper on religious freedom in North Korea 2015
Roman Catholicism and religious liberty
From Tyndale to Madison : how the death of an English martyr led to the American Bill of Rights
Does God believe in human rights? : essays on religion and human rights
This book focuses on dealing with questions and concerns regarding long-term and sustainable peaceful relations between Muslims and non-Muslims, in both Muslim majority countries and also western countries where Muslims live as minorities. Dr Muhammad Tahir-ul-Qadri provides evidences and nuanced interpretations of the concepts 'The Abode of Islam, The Abode of Reconciliation, The Abode of Treaty, The Abode of Peace, and The Abode of War.' Clear definitions of these categories are offered, along with how different countries can and cannot be classified in each of these categories.
Law and religion in the 21st century : relations between states and religious communities
Facilitating freedom of religion or belief : a deskbook
Law, religious freedoms and education in Europe
Religious freedom
The sacred rights of conscience : selected readings on religious liberty and church-state relations in the American founding
As the Nazi killing machine engulfed Europe with terror, thousands of Jehovah's Witnesses suffered brutal persecution. The reason: they stood firm in their beliefs and boldly spoke out against the cruelty of Nazism. For this, thousands of Jehovah's Witnesses were thrown into Nazi concentration camps. In this video, 10 European and American historians and more than 20 Witness survivors of the period, join in relating their story of courage and triumph against Hitler's religious onslaught /WordCat.
The assault on religion : commentaries on the decline of religious liberty
The myth of American religious freedom
Liberty of conscience : in defense of America's tradition of religious equality
Puritanism and liberty : being the Army Debates (1647-9) from the Clarke Manuscripts with supplementary documents
Religious education politics, the state, and society
In quest of justice : protest and dissent in the Soviet Union today
Trial and error : the American controversy over creation and evolution
Religion, state, and society : Jefferson's wall of separation in comparative perspective
The future of religious freedom : global challenges
The Third Choice provides a introduction to Islam on the basis of its primary sources, the Qur'an and the life of Muhammad. Topics covered include the sharia; interpretation of the Qur'an; abrogation; women's rights (including female genital mutilation); lawful deception (taqiyya); Muhammad's responses to opposition; Islamic antisemitism; religious freedom; and prospects for reforming Islam. After this critical introduction of Islam, there follows an explanation and critique of Islam's policy for non-Muslims living under Islamic conditions. The doctrine of the three choices (conversion, the sword, or the dhimma pact of surrender to Islam) is explained, including an analysis of the meaning of tribute payments (jizya) made by non-Muslims (dhimmis) to their Muslim conquerors. Durie describes the impact of dhimmitude on the human rights of non-Muslims in Islamic contexts around the world today, in the light of global Islamic resurgence and advancing Islamization, including pressure being exerted through the United Nations for states to conform to sharia restrictions on freedom of speech. The Third Choice offers keys for understanding current trends in global politics, including the widening impact of sharia revival, deterioration of human rights in Islamic societies, jihad terrorism, recurring patterns of Western appeasement, interfaith dialogue initiatives, and the increasingly fraught relationship between migrant Muslim communities in the West and their host societies.
Arabs without God
Religion, human rights and international law : a critical examination of Islamic state practices
Proselytization revisited : rights talk, free markets, and culture wars
Religious human rights in global perspective. [Volume 2], Legal perspectives
In this book Ira Lupu and Robert Tuttle break through the unproductive American debate over competing religious rights. They present an original theory that makes the secular character of the American government, rather than a set of individual rights, the centerpiece of religious liberty in the United States. Through a comprehensive treatment of relevant constitutional themes and through their attention to both historical concerns and contemporary controversies, including issues often in the news, Lupu and Tuttle define and defend the secular character of U.S. government.
How to accommodate diverse religious practices and laws within a secular framework is one of the most pressing and controversial problems facing contemporary European public order. In this provocative contribution to the subject, Lorenzo Zucca argues that traditional models of secularism, focusing on the relationship of state and church, are out-dated and that only by embracing a new picture of what secularism means can Europe move forward in the public reconciliation of its religious diversity. The book develops a new model of secularism suitable for Europe as a whole. The new model of secularism is concerned with the way in which modern secular states deal with the presence of diversity in the society. This new conception of secularism is more suited to the European Union whose overall aim is to promote a stable, peaceful and unified economic and political space starting from a wide range of different national experiences and perspectives. The new conception of secularism is also more suited for the Council of Europe at large, and in particular the European Court of Human Rights which faces growing demands for the recognition of freedom of religion in European states. The new model does not defend secularism as an ideological position, but aims to present secularism as our common constitutional tradition as well as the basis for our common constitutional future.
The varieties of religious repression : why governments restrict religion
Believing in Russia : religious policy after communism
How to be secular : a call to arms for religious freedom
Freedom of religion and belief : a world report
Murder in the high himalaya : loyalty, tragedy, and escape from Tibet
A U.S. anthropologist looks at the question of native American religious freedom
Freedom of religion, minorities, and the law
Non-Muslims in Muslim majority societies : with focus on the Middle East and Pakistan
The collective dimension of freedom of religion : a case study on Turkey
Fundamental liberties of a free people : religion, speech, press, assembly
Religion without God
Christians and the state : the place of religious freedom and the law
German constitutional law : The protection of civil liberties
Rex Ahdar and Ian Leigh present a critique of how religious freedom should be understood in liberal legal systems, based on historical and contemporary controversies.
Barbeyrac on toleration
The rights of minorities and dialogue among civilizations and cultures
Problematizing religious freedom
Under the cope of heaven : religion, society, and politics in Colonial America
Speech and respect
Religion and the Constitution. Vol. 1, Free exercise and fairness
Politics of religious freedom
The response of states to demands for free exercise of religion or belief vary greatly across the world. In some places, religions come as close as imaginable to autonomous existences with little interference from government. In other cases religion finds itself grinding out a meagre living, if at all, under the jealously watchful eye of the state.This book provides a legal and normative overview of the variety of responses to minority religions available to states. Exploring case studies ranging from Islamic regions such as Indonesia, Pakistan, and the wider Middle East, to Western Europe, Eastern Europe, China, Russia, Canada, and the Baltics, contributors include international scholars and experts in law, sociology, religious studies, and political science. This book offers invaluable perspectives on how minority religions are currently being received, reviewed, challenged, or ignored in different parts of the world.
According to the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (1948), religious conversion is a fundamental human right. Not all religious traditions accept this. The 32nd Conference of Philosophy of Religion at Claremont Graduate University in 2011 addressed this complex issue from religious, legal, philosophical and theological perspectives.
Faith, freedom and rationality : philosophy and religion today
Toleration and state institutions : British policy toward Catholics in eighteenth-century Ireland and Quebec
In Volume 1 of Christianity and Freedom, leading historians uncover the unappreciated role of Christianity in the development of basic human rights and freedoms from antiquity through today. These include radical notions of dignity and equality, religious freedom, liberty of conscience, limited government, consent of the governed, economic liberty, autonomous civil society, and church-state separation, as well as more recent advances in democracy, human rights, and human development. Acknowledging that the record is mixed, scholars document how the seeds of freedom in Christianity antedate and ultimately undermine later Christian justifications and practices of persecution. Drawing from history, political science, and sociology, this volume will become a standard reference work for historians, political scientists, theologians, students, journalists, business leaders, opinion shapers, and policymakers.
Judging Jehovah's Witnesses : religious persecution and the dawn of the rights revolution
Conversion : claremont studies in the philosophy of religion, conference 2011
Religion in the mirror of law : Eastern European perspectives from the early modern period to 1939
Religious freedom and the constitution
Religious freedom, multiculturalism, Islam : cross-reading Finland and Ireland
Legitimizing human rights : secular and religious perspectives
The question of religious freedom in Finland
What is the status of religious freedom in the world today? What barriers does it face? What are the realistic prospects for improvement, and why does this matter? The Future of Religious Freedom addresses these critical questions by assembling in one volume some of the best forward-thinking and empirical research on religious liberty, international legal trends, and societal dynamics. Top scholars from law, political science, diplomacy, sociology, and religion explore the status, value, and challenges of religious liberty around the world - with illustrations from a wide range of historical situations, contemporary contexts, and constitutional regimes. With a thematic focus on the nature of religious markets and statecraft, the book surveys conditions in different regions, from the Muslim arc to Asia to Eastern Europe. It probes dynamics in both established and emerging democracies. It features up-to-date treatments of such pivotal nations as China, Russia, and Turkey, as well as illuminating new threats to conscience and religious autonomy in the United States and in kin countries of the English speaking world. Finally, it demonstrates the vital contribution of religious freedom to inter-religious harmony, thriving societies, and global security, and applies these findings to the momentous issue of advancing freedom and democracy in Islamic cultures.
Discretion and valour : religious conditions in Russia and Eastern Europe
Routledge philosophy guidebook to Hobbes and Leviathan
Religious freedom and the neutrality of the state : the position of Islam in the European Union
Why tolerate religion?
Waving the "freedom of religion or belief" card, or playing it safe : religious instruction in the cases of Norway and Finland
When sacred and secular mix : religious nonprofit organizations and public money
One religion, one nation? : state, church and freedom of religion in Finland
Creative experiencing : a philosophy of freedom
Law and informal practices : the post-communist experience
Freedom of conscience in the USSR
Philosophical problems and arguments : an introduction
The chronicle of the Catholic Church in Lithuania. Vol. 1, Underground journal of human rights violations. Nos. 1-9, 1972-74
Handbook of American Indian religious freedom
A human rights approach to combating religious persecution : cases from Pakistan, Saudi Arabia and Sudan
Two ways to freedom ; christianity and democracy in the thought of István Bibó and Dietrich Bonhoeffer
Human rights and criminal justice
Religious freedom : main statements by the World Council of Churches 1948-1975
The collective dimension of freedom of religion or belief in international law : the application of findings to the case of Turkey
Religious freedom, religious discrimination, and the workplace
Cuba : human rights?
Freedom of religion : UN and European human rights law and practice
Religious freedom in the Near East, northern Africa and the former Soviet states
Challenges of religious plurality for eastern and central Europe
Main ecumenical statements on principles concerning religious freedom
The state's religious education policies are part of the public negotiation of the role of religion in society. During the second half of the twentieth century, the state's education policy has been increasingly influential in the realm of religious education in schools. This development is instructive for the social analysis of religion in contemporary societies for two reasons: First, it offers insights into the politics of religion, and second, it reveals that the state's decisions on school politics touch on religious issues. The authors of this volume analyse the social significance of the state's activities concerning school religious education classes. The contributions deal with case studies from Armenia, Denmark, Germany, France, Italy, Iran, Canada, Sweden, Switzerland and Turkey. The authors scrutinise three aspects of the state's politics: First, the role of the state's politics of religion; second, the attitude and reaction of religious communities towards the state's policies; and third, the influence of public religion-and-state discourses on the religious education politics. --Publisher's description.
Religious freedom in the world
The secular and the sacred : nation, religion, and politics
Dark and bright sides of human rights : towards pragmatic evaluation
Religious freedom in the liberal state
God in the classroom : religion and America's public schools
Article 9 of the European convention on human rights : Freedom of thought, conscience and religion
Catholicism and American freedom : a history
Candle in the wind : religion in the Soviet Union
Piety & politics : the right-wing assault on religious freedom
Religious freedom in Asia
Religious human rights in global perspective. [Volume 1], Religious perspectives
The political origins of religious liberty
Secularism and freedom of conscience
Religion in China today
Freedom of religion & the secular state
Religion and state - from separation to cooperation? : legal-philosophical reflections for a de-secularized world (IVR Cracow special workshop)
Study paper on religious liberty
Monotheism and tolerance : recovering a religion of reason
The challenge of religious discrimination at the dawn of the new millennium
Religious discrimination in England and Wales
Leuven lectures on religious institutions, religious communities, and rights
The universal declaration of human rights : Finland
The revolution against the church : from reason to the Supreme Being
Falun Gong : the end of days
Human rights in the OSCE region : The Balkans, the Caucasus, Europe, Central Asia and North America : report 2002 (events of 2001)
Should we merely celebrate diversity in the sphere of religion? What of the social cohesion of a country? There is a constant tug between belief in religious truth and the need for respect for other religions. Religious Diversity: Philosophical and Political Dimensions examines how far a firm faith can allow for toleration of difference and respect the need for religious freedom. It elucidates the philosophical credentials of different approaches to truth in religion, ranging from a dogmatic fundamentalism to a pluralism that shades into relativism. Must we resort to a secularism that treats all religion as a personal and private matter, with nothing to contribute to discussions about the common good? How should law approach the issue of religious freedom? Introducing the relevance of central discussions in modern philosophy of religion, the book goes on to examine the political implications of increasing religious diversity in a democracy. -- Provided by publisher. Should we merely celebrate diversity in the sphere of religion? What of the social cohesion of a country? There is a constant tug between belief in religious truth and the need for respect for other religions. Religious Diversity: Philosophical and Political Dimensions examines how far a firm faith can allow for toleration of difference and respect the need for religious freedom. It elucidates the philosophical credentials of different approaches to truth in religion, ranging from a dogmatic fundamentalism to a pluralism that shades into relativism. Must we resort to a secularism that treats all religion as a personal and private matter, with nothing to contribute to discussions about the common good? How should law approach the issue of religious freedom? Introducing the relevance of central discussions in modern philosophy of religion, the book goes on to examine the political implications of increasing religious diversity in a democracy.
Women's rights and religious practice : claims in conflict
