http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11452 birth rate
birth rate
Dynamics of fertility and partnership in Europe : insights and lessons from comparative research. Vol. 2
The population dilemma
World fertility survey conference 1980 : record of proceedings : London 7-11 July 1980.
On the measurement of human fertility : selected writings of Louis Henry
Population bulletin of the United Nations : No. 15-1983
Social demography
Finches of Mars
Finnish yearbook of population research. 44, 2009
Aging, reproduction, and the climacteric
Environment and development in a North/South perspective : studies in physical and human geography. Report 3, Agriculture and food systems. Fertility. Urban economy
Finnish fertility since 1722 : lessons from an extended decline
Fertility levels and trends as assessed from twenty world fertility surveys
Fertility decline in North-Central Namibia : an assesstment of fertility in the period 1960-2000 based on parish registers
It is often an underlying assumption that the new role of women and in general the trend toward a more egalitarian view of the concept of partnership is a main factor behind the low fertility rates in rich countries. The aim of this paper is to test the consequences of gender (in)equity on the desire of women and men to have (further) children by using gender inequity as an important category within population science. In our assumptions we want to test whether an unequal distribution of household chores and childcare duties has a negative effect on the desire to have children. Another assumption examines the potential correlation that the perception of (in)equality of women and men in society or the acceptance of government measures to ensure equal rights might have with the desire to have children. The data are derived from the recent Austrian survey Population Policy Acceptance Survey. The assumptions are tested by means of logistic regression analysis. The results show that it is new men who are likely to express a wish for children, rather than those who live in traditional partnership models. .
A simulation approach to the study of human fertility
Wage and income effects on the timing and spacing of births in Sweden and the United States
Unnatural selection : choosing boys over girls, and the consequences of a world full of men
The fifth Scandinavian demographic symposium, 13-16 June 1979 at Hurdalssjøen, Norway
Regeneration through empire : French pronatalists and colonial settlement in the Third Republic
Poverty and population control
The Family in Flux in Southeast Asia fills a gap in studies of the modern family. With much talk about the "family in crisis" in the industrialized world, new trends are affecting basic family structures in Southeast Asia as well: decreases in fertility rates, aging populations, a rise in divorce rates, increase in female‐headed households, smaller families with a heavier burden on caregivers, and increasing mobility due to labor migration. While there has been abundant research on the historical evolution of the “family” in the West and much theorizing about the "family" in the industrialized world, accounts of the family in Southeast Asia are uneven, and understanding is still inadequate.This volume, with contributions from leading scholars from Southeast Asia and Japan, covers a wide range of topics, such as legal institutionalization, polygamy, national identity, nationalism and ideology, gender roles, migration, and trans‐national marriage. The disciplinary backgrounds of the authors range across history, political science, economics, sociology, literary studies, and anthropology. The authors present cases of complementary, alternative, or parallel developments from Cambodia, Indonesia, Malaysia, Myanmar, Philippines, Taiwan, Thailand, and Vietnam. They provide a critical look at how notions of the family are negotiated amidst worries over the family's disintegration in the face of globalizing trends and increasing mobility, and how it is affected by increasing flows in the globalizing world. -- Publisher's description.
The new population problem : why families in developed countries are shrinking and what it means
Fertility transition : the social dynamics of population change
Law and fertility in Europe
Contingent lives : fertility, time, and aging in West Africa
Yearbook of population research in Finland = Väestöntutkimuksen vuosikirja. 29, 1991.
Conceiving the old regime : pronatalism and the politics of reproduction in early modern France
World fertility survey conference 1980 : record of proceedings : vol. 1-3
Population data at a glance : shaded contour maps of demographic surfaces over age and time
HIV and fertility decline in North-Central Namibia 1980-2004
Partnership in Europe : its variety, trends and dissolution : a section of a work in progress
Pohjoismaiset perinataalitilastot = Nordisk perinatalstatistik = Perinatal statistics in the Nordic countries
The eighth Nordic demographic symposium. June 1986, Gille- leje Denmark
Fertility and family planning in Europe around 1970 : a comparative study of twelve national surveys
As couples marry and society evolves, a new generation of families is answering important questions pondered by professionals and couples alike. When should we have children? How many children should we have? What if we can't conceive? When is adoption an option? Can we--should we--fulfill what is expected of us? A comprehensive, multidisciplinary handbook boasting findings across traditional areas of study, Transition to Parenthood brings the contemporary family into clear, useful focus. Its expert coverage tracks current trends in family structures, roles, and dynamics, and explores the impact of individual members and the environment on the family unit. A variety of perspectives (e.g., ecological, life course, TPEX) are presented to best apply to clinical understanding, and the book considers topics as varied as the social class factor in women's fertility, patterns of relationship maintenance, and teaching children about money. And contrary to some schools of thought, the authors argue that macro and micro theories of families must be considered in combination for optimal results. Included in the coverage: A history of fertility in America. The family: diversity and demographics. Childlessness, voluntary and involuntary. The cost of raising a child. Maintaining your relationship across and after the transition to parenthood. Parenting programs and program evaluations. Navigating the transition to parenthood with a child with special needs. Fresh in approach and accessibly written, Transition to Parenthood will be a core reference for a variety of professionals, including family sociologists, family therapists, developmental psychologists, social workers, and counselors.
Population and the environment : the challenges ahead
The decline of fertility in Germany, 1871-1939
Demographic situation in the community
Revolutionary conceptions : women, fertility, and family limitation in America, 1760-1820
The onset of fertility transition in Ghana
One quarter of humanity : Malthusian mythology and Chinese realities, 1700-2000
Law reform and and human reproduction
Indifferent Gender Preferences among Childless Beijing Citizens
The fertility decline in the Nordic countries : the fourth Scandinavian demographic Symposium 10-12 June 1976 in Rungsted, Denmark
Yearbook of population research in Finland. XXXVIII, 2002 / in collaboration with the Finnish Demographic Society ; [written by Jouko Hulkko ... et al.] ; [editor in chief Ismo Söderling] ; [language revision and translation Maija Mäkinen]
Prospects of population : methodology and assumptions : papers of the Ad hoc group of experts on demographic projections, United Nations headquarters, 7-11 November 1977.
Families in Japan : changes, continuities, and regional variations
Finnish yearbook of population research. 43, 2007-2008
Saving, growth and fertility : some cross-country evidence
Governing China's population : from Leninist to neoliberal biopolitics
Television and Fertility
Six billion plus : world population in the twenty-first century
New demographic faces of Europe : the changing population dynamics in countries of Central and Eastern Europe
Much research has been conducted in the field of utilising the media - television and radio in particular - to promote particular public health messages. However, a burgeoning canon has examined how mass media can play a role in affecting change in fertility preferences and outcomes. In this paper we review these researches which have primarily focussed upon higher fertility settings. The impact of mass media presentation of families and children in low fertility settings has not yet been subject to rigorous sociological investigation so its impact can not be accurately inferred. However, given the pervasive nature of mass media and celebrity culture, we suggest that this is an important avenue for future research. We conclude that television plays a multi-faceted role in shaping individuals decision-making procedures concerning both demographic events and public health interactions. To illustrate this, we present a model which demonstrates a sliding scale of intent - but not impact - of various genres in order to understand the actual role of the media in shaping attitudes towards family size - either explicitly in terms of edutainment or implicitly as a forms of normalization. .
Demographic patterns in developed societies
Population : demography and policy
Population policies and development : a World Bank staff report
Yearbook of population research in Finland = Väestöntutkimuksen vuosikirja. 32, 1994-1995
An evaluation of the fertility and family surveys project
Population policy in Western Europe : responses to low fertility in France, Sweden, and West Germany
Dynamics of fertility and partnership in Europe : insights and lessons from comparative research. Vol. 1
World population policies 2003
The effects of infant and child mortality on fertility
Reproductive change in developing countries : insights from the World Fertility Survey
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 44 : special Issue of the 16th Nordic Demographic Symposium in Helsinki, 5-7 June, 2008
The other half of my body
Birth and fortune : the impact of numbers on personal welfare
Women's career strategy choices and fertility in Finland
The race biology of the Swedish Lapps. Part 1, General survey. Prehistory. Demography. Future of the Lapps
Development of vaccines for fertility regulation
Legislation directly and indirectly influencing fertility in Finland
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 33, 1996
Fertility and family : proceedings of the expert group on fertility and family, New Delhi, 5-11 January 1983.
Human fertility in Russia since the nineteenth century
Finnish yearbook of population research 43, 2007-2008
Relationships between fertility, child mortality and nutrition in Africa : tentative analysis
Theory of fertility decline
Family planning programmes and fertility
Why fertility is high in Ashanti-Akropong of Ghana
The case for compulsory birth control
Determinants of fertility in Norway
All the five Nordic countries have a long tradition in health statistics and health monitoring. The cornerstone of the national health information systems is register information. There are, for example, complete population-based registration of births and deaths, cancers, hospital care, and medication (Cappelen and Lysol 2004, Gissler and Haukka. 2004, Mortensen 2004, Otterblad Olausson et al. 2004). The main prerequisites for a functioning register system are its completeness and high quality. These are facilitated by the Nordic legislation allowing mandatory reporting from public and private sector without informed consent and the existence of unique person identity number system. .
The eighth Nordic demographic symposium, June 1986, Gilleleje, Denmark
The French obsession with population has roots in the old regime, when the French state used its power to convince French men and women to marry and procreate large families. Drawing on archival research, Tuttle explores the interactions of men, women, and officials all vying for control of the reproductive process.
Seminar on the Status of Women and Family Planning, Istanbul, Turkey 11-24 July 1972.
Human adaptation and population growth : a non-malthusian perspective
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 46
Registration of Births and Induced Abortions in the Nordic Countries
World population policies. 2, Gabon to Norway
The Impact of Relationship Quality on Childbearing in Finland
Fertility determinants in developing countries : a case study of Kenya
Biosocial aspects of social class
Evaluation of the impact of family planning programmes on fertility : sources of variance : a project of the Population Division of the Department of International Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat, in collaboration with the Committee for the Analysis of Family Planning Programmes of the International Union for the Scientific Study of Population
Education and postponement of maternity : economic analyses for industrialized countries
Fertility in the United States : new patterns, new theories
Religion, minority status and reproductive behaviour among Muslims and Hindus in India and Bangladesh
Fertility in Finland in the 1980s and 1990s : analysis of fertility trend by age and parity
China's population situation and policies
Finnish yearbook of population research. 46, 2011
Welfare, security and the level of fertility : a global analysis, 1985 and 1995
The effect of social exchange on women's intention for a second child in Hungary
The world fertility survey : an assessment
Women's education & fertility behaviour : recent evidence from the demographic and health surveys
Population processes and policies
The European experience of declining fertility, 1850-1970 : the quiet revolution
University Students Seeking Hormonal Emergency Contraception: Why Do They Not Want Pregnancy Now? When is it Suitable to Have Children?
Birth rates in Latin America : new estimations of historical trends and fluctuations
The sixth Scandinavian demographic symposium : 16-19 June 1982 in Kungälv, Sweden. Vol 2., Studies in fertility
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 2009 : Special Issue of the 16th Nordic Demographic Symposium in Helsinki
European population = Démographie européenne. Vol. 1, Country analysis = Analyse par pays
Grand grand multiparity
Family and population in East Asian history
Transition to parenthood
Analysing population trends : differential fertility in a pluralistic society
The family in flux in Southeast Asia : institution, ideology, practice
India's population : aspects of quality and control
Finnish yearbook of population research 2007-2008.. 43
The decline of fertility in Europe : the revised proceedings of a conference on the Princeton European fertility project
Son preference, leading to skewed sex ratios at birth, is an important feature of contemporary Chinese demography, as well as being a critical policy issue. Using a 2006 representative survey, this article explores preferences for boys and girls among childless young adults in a district of Beijing who have a stated one child as their ideal number of children (though they may be eligible to bear more). The descriptive analysis finds no evidence of son-preference; rather an overall indifference to gender. A multivariate analysis provides some indicative evidence of indifference regarding predictors of desiring a girl, a boy or either. gs.
The global spread of fertility decline : population, fear, and uncertainty
Determinants of fertility trends : theories re-examined
Status of women and family planning : report of the special rapporteur appointed by the Economic and Social Council under resolution 1326 (XLIV)
Towards smaller families in the changing society : fertility transition during the first phase of industrialization in three Finnish municipalities
The second Scandinavian demographic symposium, 8-10 June 1970 in Hässelby, Sweden
Abortion, fertility, and changing legislation : an international review
Child as hope : contextualizing fertility transition in rural South India
Demographic transition in China : fertility trends since the 1950s
Yearbook of population research in Finland = Väestöntutkimuksen vuosikirja. 30, 1992
Dynamics of values in fertility change
Finnish yearbook of population research. XLVI, 2011
University students who sought hormonal emergency contraception (EC) in the Tampere Student Health Station during the period 1.9.2000-31.12.2001 received a questionnaire on their use of it. Of the total, 114 responded (67%). The aim of this study was to ascertain why the respondents did not want to get pregnant now and when it would be suitable for them to get children. Free answers to these questions were analysed using a collective consensus method. The main reasons for not wanting pregnancy now were un? nished studies and the non-steady character of the relationship. Almost all planned to become pregnant some day in the future when their life situation was appropriate, usually at the age of about 30 years.  .
Family-building and family planning evaluation
Studies to enhance the evaluation of family planning programmes
Below-replacement fertility in industrial societies : causes, consequences, policies
Fertility and family surveys in countries of the ECE region : country report. Denmark : comparable FFS-data
Population and society : a sociological perspective
Yearbook of population research in Finland = Väestöntutkimuksen vuosikirja. 31, 1993
Chinaś strategic demographic initiative
Gender Trouble and Its Impact on Fertility Intentions
Fertility concern in Finland and Russia : economic thinking and ideal family size in the rhetoric of population policies
Female labour market behaviour and fertility : a rational-choice approach
The aim of this study was to estimate the development of fertility and the impact of HIV on this development in North-Central Namibia from 1980 to 2004. The main sources of data consisted of parish registers for eight Evangelical Lutheran congregations, the 1992 and 2000 Namibia Demographic and Health Surveys and the 1991 and 2001 population censuses. Developments in fertility were studied using the total fertility rate (TFR), age-speci? c fertility rates (ASFR), and standardized fertility distributions. The results show that fertility declined from 5.0 in 1980-89 to 4.1 in 1990-99 and to 3.5 in 2000-04. Among women in the 25-29 age group and older, fertility declined, while fertility among adolescents increased. Both age at ? rst marriage and premarital fertility increased during the study period. During the 1990s, HIV infection explained 25-29% of the decline in total fertility. If mortality continues to increase as a result of the HIV epidemic while fertility continues to decline, both because of HIV infection and for other societal reasons, the implications for future population growth rates and the countrys demographic structure are pronounced. .
The advancing frontier of survival : life tables for old age
Variations in fertility in nineteenth century Finland : Lohja parish
Determinants of fertility in advanced societies
Homeward bound : American families in the cold war era
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 47
Following France's defeat in the Franco-Prussian War in 1870-71, French patriots feared that their country was in danger of becoming a second-rate power in Europe. Decreasing birth rates had largely slowed French population growth, and the country's population was not keeping pace with that of its European neighbors. To regain its standing in the European world, France set its sights on building a vast colonial empire while simultaneously developing a policy of pronatalism to reverse these demographic trends. Though representing distinct political movements, colonial supporters and pronatalist organizations were born of the same crisis and reflected similar anxieties concerning France's trajectory and position in the world. Regeneration through Empire explores the intersection between colonial lobbyists and pronatalists in France's Third Republic. Margaret Cook Andersen argues that as the pronatalist movement became more organized at the end of the nineteenth century, pronatalists increasingly understood their demographic crisis in terms that transcended the boundaries of the metropole and began to position the French empire, specifically its colonial holdings in North Africa and Madagascar, as a key component in the nation's regeneration. Drawing on an array of primary sources from French archives, Regeneration through Empire is the first book to analyze the relationship between depopulation and imperialism.
The future population of the world : what can we assume today?
Family and population : proceedings of the "Scientific conference on Family and Population" Espoo, Finland, May 25-27, 1984
Fertility and welfare-categories in Finland : a need-theory approach to the size of family
Women's power and social revolution : fertility transition in the West Indies
The continuing demographic transition
Law, politics, and birth control
Fertility in Finland in the 1900s
Nuptiality and fertility : proceedings of a seminar held in Bruges (Belgium), 8-11 January 1979
Using the data from the 2008 Finnish Well-Being and Social Relationship Survey I examine how relationship quality is associated with childbearing. The respondents are 25-44-year-old married and cohabiting Finns with no or one children in 2008 and who were followed up with register data in 2011. The combined data (N=1402) gives an opportunity to examine the effect of relationship quality to actual births during the period 2008-2011. Different perceptions of current relationship, relationship satisfaction and frequency and reasons of arguing are included to analysis. The independent variables controlling for structural factors include number of children, age and education, both partners childbearing intention and duration of current relationship. Results indicate that childless men in medium and high quality relationships are most likely to have children. Men (who have a child) in medium quality relationships are most likely to have more children. Relationship quality can shape childless womens childbearing in two ways. Higher relationship quality can strengthen womens intention to have a child and so impact positively on childbearing. Also high relationship quality can result less births among childless women. Women with an earlier child in medium or high quality relationships are most likely to have more children. .
Human health and forests : a global overview of issues, practice, and policy
Child-spacing in tropical Africa : traditions and change
The politics and policies of reproductive agency
Yearbook of population research in Finland = Väestöntutkimuksen vuosikirja. XXVIII, 1990.
Finnish yearbook of population research. 45, 2010
Family building by fate of design : a study of relationships between child survival and fertility
Population and society
Determinants of fertility in developing countries. Vol. 2, Fertility regulation and institutional influences
Handbook on the collection of fertility and mortality data
The third Scandinavian demographic symposium 18-20 June 1973 in Tuusula, Finland
Fertility, living arrangements, care and mobility
China's one-child family policy
Human fertility and national development : a challenge to science and technology
