http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11495 lighting designers
lighting designers
The assistant lighting designer's toolkit
Capture Your Style : Transform Your Instagram Images, Showcase Your Life, and Build the Ultimate Platform
Irving Penn regards the work of Issey Miyake : photographs, 1975-1998
New African fashion
The art of light on stage : lighting in contemporary theatre
Kicks Japan
Stylists : new fashion visionaries
Irving Penn regards the work of Issey Miyake : photographs 1975-1998
The fashion of architecture
Fashion statements : interviews with fashion designers
Fashion, fetish, fantasy
The model as muse : embodying fashion
"Following on from the ground-breaking collection Fashion Cultures, this second anthology, Fashion Cultures Revisited, contains 26 newly commissioned chapters exploring fashion culture from the start of the new millennium to the present day. The book is divided into six parts, each discussing different aspects of fashion culture. -- Fashion Cultures Revisited explores every facet of contemporary fashion culture and the associated spheres of photography, magazines and television, and shopping. Consequently it is an ideal companion to those interested in fashion studies, cultural studies, art, film, fashion history, sociology and gender studies"--
Fashion at the edge : spectacle, modernity and deathliness
Hothouse
Rock and royalty
Couture graphique : fashion, graphic design & the body
Theatre design : behind the scenes with the top set, lightning, and costume designers
Thierry Mugler
Fading light : a year in retirement
Fifty : [the amazing story of Renzo Rosso and Diesel]
Object that dreams
Set lighting technician's handbook : film lighting equipment, practice, and electrical distripution
Chanel
Stylist : the interpreters of fashion
Fashion and surrealism
The London fashion book : with more than 380 illustrations, 275 in colour
The art of haute couture
Pingstate : art of a visual community. Book 1
Beginning with a survey of the evolution of theatrical design, the volume features biographical and analytical entries on some 270 set, costume, lighting, and theatre building designers dating from the 15th century to the present
Looking at fashion : Biennale di Firenze
The fashion book
Photography for designers
Donna Karan : New York
Fashion unfolding : uncover the power of graphics in fashion
Yves Saint Laurent / Roxanne Lowit, photographs ; foreword by Pierre Bergé ; Jerry Hall ... [et al.] share YSL moments
Capture your style : Transform Your Instagram Images, Showcase Your Life, and Build the Ultimate Platform
Point East : explore stunning talents in Asia
Fashion
Alexey Brodovitch
El Lissitzky : beyond the abstract cabinet : photography, design, collaboration
Fashion and imagination : about clothes and art
On performing lights
Light and emotions : exploring lighting cultures : conversations with lighting designers
Yves Saint Laurent : forty years of creation 1958-1998
Men without ties
Bullet proof ... I wish I was : the lighting & stage design of Andi Watson
Dior glamour : photographs from 1952-1962
CATWALK
Black book : art and fashion
Dreamland, CA
Hearing the light : 50 years backstage
Alexander McQueen : savage beauty
Theatrical designers : an international biographical dictionary
Helsinki by light
Mielziner : master of modern stage design
The wedding dress
Let there be light : entertainment lighting software pioneers in conversation
Gianni and Donatella
Fashion illustration next
Careers in technical theater
Philip Treacy by Kevin Davies
The Fashion careers guidebook
Excess : fashion and underground in the '80s
Looking at  fashion : Biennale di Firenze
Millennium mode : fashion forecast from 40 top designers
Collects photographs of Dior collections between 1952 and 1962 for Life Magazine from Mark Shaw.
Fashion cultures revisited : theories, explorations and analysis
Hollywood lighting from the silent era to film noir
Elements of style : from the portfolio of Hollywood's premier stylist
The Art of Light on Stage is the first history of theatre lighting design to bring the story right up to date. In this extraordinary volume, award-winning designer Yaron Abulafia explores the poetics of light, charting the evolution of lighting design against the background of contemporary performance. The book looks at the material and the conceptual; the technological and the transcendental. Never before has theatre design been so vividly and excitingly illuminated. The book examines the evolution of lighting design in contemporary theatre through an exploration of two fundamental issues: 1. What gave rise to the new directions in lighting design in contemporary theatre? 2. How can these new directions be viewed within the context of lighting design history? The study then focuses on the phenomenological and semiotic aspects of the medium for light – the role of light as a performer, as the medium of visual perception and as a stimulus for imaginative representations – in selected contemporary theatre productions by Robert Wilson, Romeo Castellucci, Heiner Goebbels, Jossi Wieler and David Zinder. This ground-breaking book will be required reading for anyone concerned with the future of performance.
Christian Dior
D&AD09 : the best advertising and design in the world
