http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11485 homeopathy
homeopathy
Alternative health practices for livestock
"Welcome to the world of alternative medicine. Prince Charles is a staunch defender and millions of people swear by it; most UK doctors consider it to be little more than superstition and a waste of money. But how do you know which treatments really heal and which are potentially harmful? Now you can find out. Edzard Ernst is the world's first professor of complementary medicine and Simon Singh is the author of several international bestsellers. Together they have written the definitive book on aletrnative medicine. It is honest, impartial, hard-hitting and provides a thorough examination and judgement of more than thirty of the most popular treatments, including: -acupuncture, -homeopathy, -aromatherapy, -reflexology, -chiropractic, -herbal medicine. Whether you are a follower, sceptic or just baffled by the subject, Trick or Treatment? delivers the ultimate verdict on alternative medicine with clarity, scientific rigour and absolute authority." -- (Back Cover)
A natural guide to bringing up your baby : the kind way for you, your baby (newborn to 3 years)
The treatment of cattle by homoeopathy
The Raystede handbook of homoeopathic remedies for animals : a story by M. Raymonde-Hawkins in collaboration with George Macleod, telling the value of homoeopathic treatment as practised in the Raystede Centre for Animal Welfare, Ringmer, East Sussex, England
Detox naturally : [Natural detox for optimal health and wellbeing]
Bad science : quacks, hacks, and big pharma flacks
Trick or treatment? : alternative medicine on trial
Homeopathic method : implications for clinical practice and medical science
Homeopathy for midwives
Repertory of the homoeopathic materia medica with additions of George Vithoulkas : mind = Homeopaattisen materia medican oireittain järjestetty kokoelma George Vithoulkasin lisäyksin : mieli
Homoeopathy : the shepherd's guide
Cats : homoeopathic remedies
The treatment of horses by homeopathy
The organic pharmacy : the complete guide to natural health and beauty
Complementary and alternative treatments in mental health care
The nature doctor : a manual of traditional & complementary medicine
Essential homeopathy : what it is & what it can do for you
Organon of medicine
Animal homeopathy : comprising a homeopathic first response and guide
"How do we know if a treatment works, or if something causes cancer? Can the claims of homeopaths ever be as true ? or as interesting as the improbable research into the placebo effect? Who created the MMR hoax? Do journalists understand science? Why do we seek scientific explanations for social, personal and political problems? Are alternative therapists and the pharmaceutical companies really so different, or do they just use the same old tricks to sell different types of pill? We are obsessed with our health. And yet ? from the media?s ?world-expert microbiologist? with a mail-order PhD in his garden shed laboratory, via multiple health scares and miracle cures, to the million pound trial that Durham Council now denies ever existed ? we are constantly bombarded with inaccurate, contradictory and sometimes even misleading information. Until now. Ben Goldacre masterfully dismantles the dodgy science behind some of the great drug trials, court cases and missed opportunities of our time, but he also goes further: out of the bulls---, he shows us the fascinating story of how we know what we know, and gives us the tools to uncover bad science for ourselves." - product description.
Natural remedies for dogs and cats
The alchemy of healing : psyche and soma
THE ENCYCLOPEDIA OF COMPLEMENTARY MEDICINE
Essentials of complementary and alternative medicine
Pigs : the homoeopathic approach to the treatment and prevention of diseases
The practical handbook of homoeopathy : the how, when, why & which of home prescribing
While exposing quack doctors and nutritionists, bogus credentialing programs, and biased scientific studies, the author takes the media to task for its willingness to throw facts and proof out the window in its quest to sell more copies. He also teaches you how to evaluate placebo effects, double-blind studies, and sample size, so that you can recognize bad science when you see it.
Complementary and alternative veterinary medicine : principles and practice
Invitation to holistic health : a guide to living a balanced life
A manual of homeopathy and natural medicine
Mosby's complementary and alternative medicine : a research-based approach
Assessment of chronic pain and evaluation of three complementary therapies (gold implants, green lipped mussel, and a homeopathic combination preparation) for canine osteoarthritis, using randomized, controlled, double-blind study designs
Materia medica of new homoeopathic remedies
Natural methods for equine health
Assessment of chronic pain and evaluation of three complementary therapies (gold implants, green lipped mussel and a homeopathic combination preparation) for canine osteoarthritis, using randomized, controlled, double-blind study designs
Dogs : homoeopathic remedies
The water doctor's daughters
Natural healing for horses
Signs of light : a biophotonic approach to human (meta)physical fundamentals
Complementary medicine and the law
Health and health care between self-help, intermediary organizations and formal poor relief (1500-2005) : proceedings of the Conference of the Phoenix TN (European Thematic Network on Health and Social Welfare Policy) in Braga, Portugal, 2004
Positive health: preventive measures and alternative strategies : proceedings of the fifth NAHWOA workshop Rødding, Denmark - November 2001
The homoeopathic treatment of small animals : principles & practice
Complete holistic care and healing for horses : the owner's veterinary guide to alternative methods and remedies
Nausea and vomiting in pregnancy : an integrated approach to care
A natural guide to bringing up your baby : the kind way for you and your baby (newborn to 3 years)
Natural healing : homeopathy, herbalism, relaxation, stress relief
Homoeopathy : a critical appraisal
Repertory of the homeopathic materia medica with additions of George Vithoulkas : mind = Homeopaattisen materia medican oireittain järjestetty kokoelma George Vithoulkasin lisäyksin : mieli
Healing ourselves from medicine : how anthroposophy can save your life
Homoeopathic medicine for dogs : a handbook for vets and pet owners
Goats : homoeopathic remedies
Natural, alternative, and complementary health care practices
The homoeopathic treatment of beef and dairy cattle
Healing your horse : alternative therapies
The homeopathy bible : the definitive guide to homeopathic remedies
