http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11410 anecdotes
anecdotes
Karen Alpert, writer of the blog Baby Sideburns, shares funny stories and pictures from her experiences raising her young son and daughter.
The biggest joke book in the world
Folktales of Hungary
Folklore is crucial to life in Aghyaran, a mixed Catholic-Protestant border community in Northern Ireland. Neighbours socialize during wakes and ceilis (informal night-time gatherings) regardless of religious, ethnic, or political affiliations. The witty, sometimes raucous stories swapped on these occasions offer a window into community and identity in the wake of decades of violent conflict and change. Through local character anecdotes, participants explore the nature of community and identity in ways that may transcend exclusively Catholic or Protestant sectarian histories and identities.
A anecdotes about Lishan mountain and Huaqing Hot Spring
Confessions of a public speaker
No laughing matter : a collection of political jokes
Taking penguins to the movies : ethnic humor in Russia
Zhongguo lidai xiaohua jing xuan. (yi) = Selected jokes from past Chinese dynasties. (I)
The Spanish ambassador's suitcase : stories from the diplomatic bag
The science magpie : fascinating facts, stories, poems, diagrams and jokes plucked from science
Plato and a platypus walk into a bar... : understanding philosophy through jokes
Belle Gunness : the Lady Bluebeard
The Tao of Bill Murray : real-life stories of joy, enlightenment, and party crashing
If you are the kind of mom who opened up your freezer and panicked because you forgot to buy more frozen pizzas, then you need to read this book. A celebration of mediocre parents and how awesome they are and how their kids love them just as much as children with perfect parents, Alpert's observations will have you nodding your head and peeing in your pants. Or on the toilet if you're smart and read it there.
Deaf culture, our way : anecdotes from the deaf community
Dude, can you count? : stories, challenges, and adventures in mathematics
The usborne book of jokes
Weird things customers say in bookshops
Zhongguo lidai xiaohua jing xuan. (san) = Selected jokes from past Chinese dynasties. (III)
The academic postmodern and the rule of literature : a report on half-knowledge
Lies, damned lies and history : a catalogue of historical errors and misunderstandings
Hyvästi ny Ylistaron köyhät! : siirtolaishuumoria 1 : Finnish emigrant humor 1 = Farewell, you poor people of Ylistaro!
The fact or fiction behind urban myths : you can get sucked down an aeroplane loo!
Slonimsky's book of musical anecdotes
A catalogue of historical and local legends in the Folklore Archives of the Finnish Literature Society
Variation in archived anecdotes
Born to kvetch : Yiddish language and culture in all its moods
The wit & wisdom of Oscar Wilde : a treasury of quotations, anecdotes, and observations
This is a good reference book. Seriously. Too often humor has been reduced to crass comments with no room for imagination. However, jokes involve innuendo, puns, twists and other aspects that make human beings outside the realm of animals operating on instinct. "Laugh Without Guilt" has good jokes and no so good jokes, but they all come first hand from people who either made them up or heard them from others. They may even be generational, which creates a continuity. Keep this one handy in order to slip one in during a conversation or toss one over someone's head.
The Schoolkids joke book too!
To know and to care : an anthology of Chassidic stories about the Lubavitcher Rebbe Rabbi Menachem M. Schneerson. Vol. 2
Grumpy old rock star and other wondrous stories
The official Angry Birds joke book : eggs-travaganza!
The new Oxford book of literary anecdotes
Straight from the horse's mouth : how to talk to animals and get answers
Outhouse humor
Funny stories and humour = Vesjolyje istorii i šutki [audiokniga]
The healing touch of horses : true stories of courage, hope, and the transformative power of the human/equine bond
The treasury of chess lore
Sweet William : a user's guide to Shakespeare
A Latvian storyteller
The wordsworth dictionary of film quotations
How strange! : the use of anecdotes in the development of intercultural competence = Comme c'est bizarre! : l'utilisation d'anecdotes dans le développement de la compétence interculturelle
Last man standing : tales from Tinseltown
Icelandic-Canadian oral narratives
Mexican tales and legends from Los Altos
Horrid Henry's kings and queens : a horrid factbook
The pleasures of the table
Defending the guilty : truth and lies in the criminal courtroom
The meaningful experiences of the narrator in the captivity narrative by Mary White Rowlandson, In search for experiences through the sociolinguistic structure of a narrative
The folktale
The Book of musical anecdotes
I want my epidural back : adventures in mediocre parenting
Humor through Russian eyes
The tao of travel : enlightenments from lives on the road
First prize: fifteen years! : an annotated collection of Romanian political jokes
Michael Pennington's solo show about Shakespeare, Sweet William, has been acclaimed throughout Europe and in the US as a unique blend of showmanship and scholarship. In this book, he deepens his exploration of Shakespeare's life and work - and the connection between the two - that lies at its heart. It is illuminated throughout by the unrivalled insights into the plays that Pennington has gained from the twenty thousand hours he has spent working on them as a leading actor, an artistic director and a director - and as the author of three previous books on individual Shakespeare plays. With practical analysis, wonderfully detailed and entertaining interpretations of characters and scenes, and vivid reflections on Shakespeare's theatre and ours, the result is a masterclass of the most enjoyable kind for theatregoers, professionals, students and anyone interested in Shakespeare.
Zhongguo lidai xiaohua jing xuan. (er) = Selected jokes from past Chinese dynasties. (II)
The little golden book of jokes and riddles
Resonant dissonance : the Russian joke in cultural context
Faces of learning : 50 powerful stories of defining moments in education
The cult of Mac
When 28-year-old Gustavo Dudamel ascended the podium at the Hollywood Bowl for his inaugural concert as conductor of the Los Angeles Philharmonic, he immediately captivated the hearts of his audience and the minds of critics. Here, the young maestro's story becomes the entry point to an equally captivating subject: El Sistema, the Venezuelan music education program that took Dudamel from child violinist to conductor extraordinaire. The story of El Sistema begins with a remarkable visionary: Venezuelan musician and economist Jos©♭ Antonio Abreu, who understood that music can transform the lives of children in poverty. Beginning with eleven music students in an abandoned garage, Abreu created a nationwide miracle, putting instruments into the hands of hundreds of thousands of underprivileged children and bringing hope and meaning to countless young people, families, and communities throughout his country. Combining firsthand interviews with compelling stories, Tricia Tunstall illuminates the development of El Sistema's unique model. As she describes the recent explosion of El Sistema-inspired programs around the world, it becomes apparent that this is not just a program, it's a movement. El Sistema is an effective model for social and educational reform in the United States and beyond . No matter where it takes root, the goal of El Sistema is unwavering: to rescue children from the depredations of poverty through music.--From publisher description.
Presidential blips : dips, flips, lip, pips, quips, rips, slips, tips and zips : thousands of fantastic facts and anecdotes about our Chief Executives
The crazy world of love
Goofy jokes and giggles
What's so funny about computers? : cartoons
A collection of writings from Paul Theroux's fifty years of travel. Included are writings from other travelers such as Charles Dickens, Eudora Welty, Anton Chekhov, Ernest Hemingway and many others.
Folktales of Greece
Legends, lies & cherished myths of world history
Down with skool! : a guide to school life for tiny pupils and their parents
Airborne : tales from a thousand and one flights
My lunches with Orson : conversations between Henry Jaglom and Orson Welles
Football jokes : fantastically funny jokes for football fanatics
Anecdotes and short stories
Raise your glasses : the best and wittiest anecdotes and after-dinner stories
Braude's treasury of wit and humor for all occasions
Storytelling on the northern Irish border : characters and community
The language of jokes : analysing verbal play
Walking on water : Black American lives at the turn of the twenty-first century
If no news, send rumors : anecdotes of American journalism
Beecham stories : anecdotes, sayings and impressions of Sir Thomas Beecham
An anthology of Chinese humour
The crazy world of the handyman
I'm a stranger here myself : notes on returning to America after twenty years away
Theatrical anecdotes
More weird things customers say in bookshops
Parnyard pasepall with other anecdotes and tales from Finn taun
The QI book of the dead : a quite interesting book
Laugh without guilt : a clean joke book
Inspirational stories of engaging, real-life educational experiences. Everyone has a personal learning story, a time when they became actively engaged in their own education. Maybe it was an especially challenging teacher, or a uniquely supportive environment, or a collaborative classroom. In Faces of Learning, both well-known public figures, such as Arne Duncan and Al Franken, and ordinary Americans recall the moments when they truly learned something. Includes stories from people of all different backgrounds and from all over the country ; The stories are grouped into categories by theme like "relevant" and "experiential" to help reveal the common characteristics of what works in education ; Each chapter ends with five things you can do to improve your own learning.
The types of international folktales : a classification and bibliography, based on the system of Antti Aarne and Stith Thompson. Part 2, Tales of the stupid ogre, anecdotes and jokes, and formula tales
The book of dead philosophers
Morrissey's perfect pint
One square inch of silence : one man's search for natural silence in a noisy world
Shih-shuo hsin-yü : a new account of tales of the world
A catalogue of anecdotes in the Folklore Archives of the Finnish Literature Society
Changing lives : Gustavo Dudamel, El Sistema, and the transformative power of music
I'm not with the band : a writer's life lost in music
Do's and taboos of using English around the world
A dictionary of British folk-tales in the English language : incorporating the F. J. Norton collection. Part A, Folk narratives. Vol. 2
The writer's home companion
Yiheyuan changlang cai hua gushi = The stories behind the long corridor paintings at the Summer Palace
Midwestern folk humor
Folktales of Mexico
Mix tape : the art of cassette culture
Pick of Punch
Pierrot requiem : journey in socio-cultural issues
Folklore and culture on the Texas-Mexican border
Deaf culture our way : anecdotes from the deaf community
People love Bill Murray movies, but even more, they love crazy stories about Bill Murray out in the world. Bill reads poetry to construction workers. Bill joins in strangers' kickball games. Bill steals a golf cart in Stockholm. Bill follows the Roots - a hip hop band around. Bill pays a kid $5 to ride his bicycle into a swimming pool. The most popular Bill Murray story of all time (which he will neither confirm nor deny): on a crowded street, he puts his hands over a stranger's eyes from behind and says "Guess who?" When he lifts his hands to reveal his identity as Bill Murray, he tells the gobsmacked stranger, "No one will ever believe you." For No One Will Ever Believe You: The Tao of Bill Murray, bestselling author Gavin Edwards tracked down the best authentic Bill Murray stories. People savor these anecdotes; they consume them with a bottomless hunger; they routinely turn them into viral hits.
Lore of an Adirondack county
Zhongguo lidai xiaohua jing xuan. (si) = Selected jokes from past Chinese dynasties. (IV)
Fritz Spiegl's book of musical blunders and other musical curiosities
The anatomy of the anecdote
I heart my little a-holes : a bunch of holy-crap moments no one ever told you about parenting
The dark tourist : sightseeing in the world's most unlikely holiday destinations
The life of the skies
Polish humour
