http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11411 jokes
jokes
Doing the wash : an expressive culture and personality study of a joke and its tellers
Hand gestures in joke telling : a cross-cultural study with Finnish and Sicilian subjects
Perspectives on contemporary legend. Vol. 5, A nest of vipers
Hammer & tickle : a history of Communism told through Communist jokes
Roald Dahl's whizzpopping joke book
No laughing matter : a collection of political jokes
Practically joking
The lore and language of schoolchildren
English à la cartoon / [101 hilarious cartoons for understanding american english and culture]
Zhongguo lidai xiaohua jing xuan. (yi) = Selected jokes from past Chinese dynasties. (I)
Plato and a platypus walk into a bar... : understanding philosophy through jokes
The horribly funny joke book
Everyday discourses of menstruation : cultural and social perspectives
The rhetoric of racist humour : US, UK and global race joking
The musicians' joke book
The grumpy guide to life : Observations from Grumpy at
Humor and translation
The usborne book of jokes
Popular hits 2.
The Ladybird book of jokes, riddles and rhymes
A funny thing happend on the way to the forum : the world's oldest joke book
Zhongguo lidai xiaohua jing xuan. (san) = Selected jokes from past Chinese dynasties. (III)
Life is like a glass of tea : studies of classic Jewish jokes
Hyvästi ny Ylistaron köyhät! : siirtolaishuumoria 1 : Finnish emigrant humor 1 = Farewell, you poor people of Ylistaro!
The fact or fiction behind urban myths : you can get sucked down an aeroplane loo!
Wit and humour in modern China : 100 cartoons
Angry birds space joke book
World's wackiest riddle book
"In Practically Joking, the first full-length study of the practical joke, Moira Marsh examines the value, artistry, and social significance of this ancient and pervasive form of vernacular art. Though it is sometimes dismissed as the lowest form of humor, the practical joke comes from a lively tradition of expressive play. Both sophistication and intellectual satisfaction is found in them, and the best demand significant skill and talent, not only to think up but also to execute. Practically Joking establishes the practical joke as an art form subject to critical evaluation by both practitioners and audiences, operating under the guidance of local aesthetic and ethical canons. Marsh studies the range of genres that pranks comprise, offers a theoretical look at the reception of practical jokes based on "transgressive humor," a theory that sees humor as playful violation, and uses real life examples of practical jokes in context to establish the form's varieties and meanings as an independent genre, as well as its inextricable relationship with a range of folklore forms. Scholars of folklore, humor and popular culture will find much of interest in Practically Joking"--
The use of humor in psychotherapy
The first commercial translation of Philogelos, the world's oldest joke book, originally written in Classical Greek 1600 years ago.
My dad wrote a porno : the fully annotated edition of Belenda Blinked 1
Angry birds seasons joke book
Grumpy cat : a grumpy book
The Schoolkids joke book too!
202 jokes of Nasreddin Hodja
The official Angry Birds joke book : eggs-travaganza!
On lawyers, laugh and localization - translating humour in video game localization : a case study of the Ace Atterney series
Four moods of Finland : a book of observations and impressions
Jokes and their relation to society
Negotiating Belarusianness : political folklore betwixt and between
The Little Golden Book of Jokes and Riddles
Conversational joking in the classroom
696 silly school jokes & riddles
Ohoh! sanoi torni = [Hoppsan! sa tornet = Oops! said the tower = Oho! sagte der Turm = Oh! skazala bašnâ]̂
Kilroy was here : the best American humor from World War II
The punch book of dogs
Žižek's jokes : (did you hear the one about Hegel and negation?)
Napalm & silly putty
The Aristocrats
Metapragmatics of humor : current research trends
101 uutta vitsiä in English : American joke book
The mirth of a nation : America's great dialect humor
Jokes : philosophical thoughts on joking matters
Jokes and their relations
Murphy's law complete : All the reasons why everything goes wrong!
The book of senior moments
"Attention, all personnel... : studying the humour in M*A*S*H
Post-socialist jokes in Estonia : continuity and change
Let there be laughter : A Treasury of Great Jewish Humor and What It All Means
Spanish á la cartoon : [101 hilarious cartoons for understanding Spanish language and culture]
First prize: fifteen years! : an annotated collection of Romanian political jokes
"Oops!" in public space : lapse as tool for social and political organization
Cartoons from punch
Zhongguo lidai xiaohua jing xuan. (er) = Selected jokes from past Chinese dynasties. (II)
The pantomime book : the only known collection of pantomime jokes and sketches in captivity
Language, culture and tradition : papers on language and folklore presented at the Annual Conference of the British Sociological Association, April 1978
"Oring analyzes key contemporary approaches to the study of humor and addresses controversial topics with new empirical data and insight. He tests appropriate incongruity against other major positions in the field, including Semantic Script Theory, the General Theory of Verbal Humor, Conceptual Integration Theory, and Benign Violation Theory"--Provided by publisher.
Ethnic jokes in Russia - a form of everyday racism?
Goofy jokes and giggles
Giant book of riddles
The language of children's jokes
On linguistic means of producing humour in jokes
The joke as an instrument of power? : sexual relations in jokes told by family members
Cracking jokes : studies of sick humor cycles and stereotypes
Football jokes : fantastically funny jokes for football fanatics
The super joke book
Introduction to folklore
Laughlab : the scientific quest for the world's funniest joke
Braude's treasury of wit and humor for all occasions
Estonia and Poland : creativity and tradition in cultural communication. Volume 1, Jokes and their relations
School days, fun days : creative ways to teach humor skills in the classroom
Joke narratives as a world of conversation : a Gricean analysis
Jokes and their relation to the unconscious
DEAFology 101 : deaf culture as seen through the eyes of a deaf humorist
Riddle jokes in the negotiation of a love relationship
More cartoons from PUNCH
Sorry, sir
Ethnic humour around the world : a comparative analysis
THE PRIVATE EYE ANNUAL 1997
A Working musician's joke book ; cartoons by Mike Freen
Dad stuff : shedloads of ideas for dads
Making war, not love : gender and sexuality in Russian humor
Let there be laughter : a treasury of great Jewish humor & what it all means
So you've been publicly shamed
Stephen Leacock and the art of humour
An anatomy of humor
Humour and folklore
"Oh my God, that nigger said gun!" : use of ethnic humor in modern stand-up comedy
The types of international folktales : a classification and bibliography, based on the system of Antti Aarne and Stith Thompson. Part 2, Tales of the stupid ogre, anecdotes and jokes, and formula tales
Beef up your English with humour and empathy
Sick humor
Garfield : big fat book of jokes and riddles
The best musicians' jokes : More than 500 jokes
Joking asides : the theory, analysis, and aesthetics of humor
Garfield's in-your-face insults ; Garfield's joke zone
The Anthology 1968-1992
The Super Joke book
A catalogue of anecdotes in the Folklore Archives of the Finnish Literature Society
Oops! Sorry, later just Oops! was a group practice of micro-events and animation for 4 persons that took place in 2009 in the public spaces of Helsinki. It was also staged as a performance production and presented at the Theatre Academy in November 2010. The entire process was circling around a situation of lapsus (a lapse, slip, faux pas). We used lapsus to experiment with cooperation, which is not based on sympathy or consensus. I chose lapsus for its sensual-emotional complexity and immediacy, to be an occasion for alternatives in self-organizing and collective co-emergence. I chose to do research, not through affirmation of any exact alternative or potentiality of alternative, but by inhabiting a state of disruption. I asked people who share my affection for moments of lapse or ones to whom those moments happen frequently to join the project. We were working through combining mechanical and organic processes of dialogue, exchange and production. Methods and tools used in this practice were: lapse, parody, mockery, inconsistency, reanimation and personal resistance.  The main reason to initiate this research was to try out a process that would embrace a condition of fuzzy, fractalized and flexible precarious work structure in cognitive production with its possible collapses. As an event producer in an age of commodification of time, experience and event I decided to play with this structure and to invite a lapsus as a moment of disruption; to see how do we get out from there. Does a collapse produce stiffening or a reinvention of the norm? I see in a lapse an everyday practice of letting go of self-control. Letting go of the constant creation of my face, body and personality as something to be looked at. Letting go of one's own desire to look good. The event of a lapse never fails me. It always works. It always disrupts the consistency of emotions, production, play, drama and interpretation. I believe in tools that are not pretty. A lapse is anti-aesthetical. It disrupts aesthetics, any order and any structure of representation and meaning.  In the written part of my thesis I write about the conceptual base for the Oops! project. The concept of Oops! relates mainly to Giorgio Agamben's idea of parody and it's coexistence with fiction, Paolo Virno's concept of joke as a diagram for innovatory action in public, Félix Guattari's minor notions of lapse in Chaosmosis, and Richard's Schechner's idea of dislocation (not-not-me) relating again with Agamben's concept of remnant. Through this theoretical background I try to make sense and formulate my idea of lapse as a fallacy, micro collapse and minor event of the every day, a momentary state of dealing with the possibility of becoming both, a joke or a failure.  After that I depict what we intended to do with Oops! the plan I wrote before we started to work and during the practice. This part contains a description of the background for the work and the research, how did the group come together and how did it sustain itself for the period of the work. I also describe my main method of working, the method of reanimation and how I have created this sort of prosthesis to deal with the documentary results of live action and with the live action producing documentary results.  Following that I talk about what actually happened in the process of Oops! I concentrate on the most interesting points. I describe the end result, the performance, and point out what was interesting in what we did and what I have found out conceptually and practically. I refer to Franco “Bifo” Berardi's writings on automatism, virtual time and the social consequences of increasingly immaterial labor, and describe surprises, reflections, touching moments and some tools or techniques developed and ready to be carried on.  At the end I draw some conclusions and present a short plan for my next attempt to work with lapse; as an appendix I am attaching the script for Oops!, a collection of concepts, scores and structures we followed on the way.  Throughout the entire text I relate to other artistic projects beside our Oops! project. In the case of the question of parody I refer to the piece by Jeremy Deller, Battle of Orgreave and the documentary of this work by Mike Figgis, both from 2001, also to a work by Yael Bartana from 2011, And Europe will be Stunned and to the film Attenberg from 2010, by Athina Rachel Tsangari. When talking about the method of reanimation and lapse I refer to Martin Arnold's Passage à l'acte from 1993, Jeremy Deller's piece again, my own previous works and Joan Jonas' pieces, Vertical Roll, 1972 and Reanimation, 2012.
The laugh out loud joke book
What happens when the queen burps? : laugh-out-loud jokes, riddles and rhymes
From the host of NPR affiliates Forum with Michael Krasny, a compendium of Jewish jokes that packs the punches with hilarious riff after riff and also offers a window into Jewish culture.Michael Krasny has been telling Jewish jokes since his bar mitzvah, and its been said that he knows more of them than anyone on the planet. He certainly states his case in this wise, enlightening, and hilarious book that not only collects the best of Jewish humor passed down from generation to generation, but explains the cultural expressions and anxieties behind the laughs. "Whats Jewish Alzheimers?""You forget everything but the grudges." "You must be so proud. Your daughter is the President of the United States!""Yes. But her brother is a doctor!" "Isn't Jewish humor masochistic?""No. And if I hear that one more time I am going to kill myself." With his background as a scholar and public-radio host, Krasny delves deeply into the themes, topics, and form of Jewish humor: chauvinism undercut by irony and self-mockery, the fear of losing cultural identity through assimilation, the importance of vocal inflection in joke-telling, and calls to communal memory, including the use of Yiddish. Borrowing from traditional humor and such Jewish comedy legends as Jackie Mason, Mel Brooks, and Joan Rivers, Larry David, Sarah Silverman, Jerry Seinfeld and Amy Schumer, Let There Be Laughter is an absolute pleasure for the chosen and goyim alike.
Vitsit in English : Finnish joke book
Midwestern folk humor
Shakespeare's practical jokes : an introduction to the comic in his work
Pick of Punch
Punchlines : the violence of American humor
American children's folklore
101 vitsiä from Ireland : great craic
Language and humour : a collection of linguistically based jokes, anecdotes, etc
The mirth of nations
Zhongguo lidai xiaohua jing xuan. (si) = Selected jokes from past Chinese dynasties. (IV)
The aristocrats
Garfield's in-your-face insults ; Garfiled's joke zone
The joke as instrument of power? : relations between the sexes in jokes family members tell each other
Humor and generality claims : can one make general descriptions of humar that hold true in all cases?
Jokes as an instrument of power : gender relations in jokes told within the family
French à la cartoon : [101 hilarious cartoons for understanding French language and culture]
Polish humour
