http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11446 geographers
geographers
The Oxford encyclopedia of economic history
Invention of Nature : the adventures of Alexander von Humboldt, the lost hero of science
Life and people at the northern tree-line: geographer Ilmari Hustich as a researcher into Arctic and Subarctic cultures
Alfred Russel Wallace : explorer, evolutionist, public intellectual - a thinker for our own times?
Cross cultural communication : a visual approach
Finnish botanists actively studied the flora of Karelia (Karelian Republic) and the Kola Peninsula (Murmansk Region) when Finland was a Grand Duchy of Russia in 1809-1918. J. Fellman's expeditions in 1829 were the first notable botanical expeditions to the area. Geologically and floristically the area was similar to Finland, and exploring the area was considered to be a national duty for Finnish biologists. Almost 40 Finnish scientists who travelled on the Kola Peninsula collected significant amounts of herbarium specimens from there. The specimens are mostly in H, but duplicates were distributed widely. The collectors include M. Aschan, W. M. Axelson (Linnaniemi), V. Borg (Kivilinna), M. Brenner, V. F. Brotherus, R. Envald, J. Fellman, N. I. Fellman, C. W. Fontell, E. af Hällström, H. Hollmén, P. A. Karsten, A. Osw. Kihlman (Kairamo), F. W. Klingstedt, H. Lindberg, J. Lindén, A. J. Malmberg (Mela), J. Montell, F. Nylander, J. A. Palmén, V. Pesola, P. A. Rantaniemi, J. Sahlberg, and G. Selin. A short description is given of the biographies of the most important collectors with notes on their itineraries. Details of the collections from the Kola Peninsula are mostly taken from the vascular-plant specimens kept in the Finnish main herbaria and entered in the Floristic database Kastikka of the Finnish Museum of Natural History. As to bryophytes, lichens and other fungi, only a small proportion has been entered into the database. A network of biogeographic provinces for the Kola Peninsula was created by Finnish scientists in the mid 1800s, and it is still commonly used. Changes in the boundaries of provinces in the peninsula are discussed. The herbarium data are given according to the provinces.
Festschrift in honour of Raimo Lahti
The day without yesterday
Economic geography : places, networks and flows
Isaac Vossius (1618-1689) : between science and scholarship
Beware invisible cows : my search for the soul of the Universe
Variation past and present : VARIENG studies on English for Terttu Nevalainen
The dismal science : how thinking like an economist undermines community
H. G. Porthan as a geographer
The measure of all things : the seven-year odyssey and hidden error that transformed the world
Sir Hans Singer : the life and work of a development economist
Home is where the wind blows : chapters from a cosmologist's life
Al-Idrisi and northernmost Europe
Placing autobiography in geography
Abstract: Same education - different careers : the study of the Finnish nationals who have studied applied linguistics in the University of Mainz, Germany, during the years 1965-2001, and their working development as employees, freelancers and entrepreneurs.
American empire : Roosevelt's geographer and the prelude to globalization
The plant hunters
Professor Risto Tuomikoski memorial issue
Strabo of Amasia : a Greek man of letters in Augustan Rome
Alexander von Humboldt (1769–1859) was an intrepid explorer and the most famous scientist of his age. In North America, his name still graces four counties, thirteen towns, a river, parks, bays, lakes, and mountains. His restless life was packed with adventure and discovery, whether he was climbing the highest volcanoes in the world or racing through anthrax-infected Siberia or translating his research into bestselling publications that changed science and thinking. Among Humboldt’s most revolutionary ideas was a radical vision of nature, that it is a complex and interconnected global force that does not exist for the use of humankind alone.
Geography and geographers : Anglo-American human geography since 1945
The sky's dark labyrinth
Adopting Finland
Doing geography on the related fields of sciences
References to the work of J. G. Granö
The Malay archipelago : the land of the orang-utan, and the bird of paradise : a narrative of travel, with studies of man and nature
Theory is Forever : Essays Dedicated to Arto Salomaa on the occassion of His 70th Birthday
The anti-Chomsky reader
The adoption of Finland
Feminisms in geography : rethinking space, place, and knowledges
The history of linguistics in the Nordic countries
Planning processes : an introduction for geographers
Multiculturalism in the North : selected papers
History of geographical studies in Finland 1809-1921
Beyond seven years in Tibet
At the dawn of the seventeenth century, the Sun revolved around the Earth according to God's plan and as set down in the Bible. Yet some men knew that the Heavens did not move as they should and began to believe exactly the opposite--a heresy punishable by being burned alive / WorldCat.
Banker to the poor : micro-lending and the battle against world poverty
Geographical reflections beside the memorial to Pehr Kalm
Global scene, natural resources and development problems in the periphery country Finland: some reflections on Ilmari Hustich's world view
Key thinkers on space and place
Mercator : the man who mapped the planet
The Moth catcher
Stargazers : Copernicus, Galileo, the telescope and the church : the astronomical renaissance 1500-1700
The invention of nature : the adventures of Alexander von Humboldt, the lost hero of science
Yule, Henry (1820-1889) : British geographer and travel historian
Science with a human face : the activity of the Czechoslovak scientists František Šorm and Otto Wichterle during the Cold War
Origin of landscape science : J. G. Granö and a new pure geography for a new state
The pioneers of development economics : great economists on development
Hugo Grotius in international thought
Lysenko and the tragedy of Soviet science
Only now is Alfred Russel Wallace beginning to get his long overdue recognition. In his own time he was acknowledged as joint author, with Darwin, of the theory of evolution by natural selection. Since then, the bright light shone on Darwin's achievements has cast Wallace into shadow. Alfred Russel Wallace: Explorer, Evolutionist, Public Intellectual shows how Wallace's independent discovery of natural selection was no mere flash of inspiration, but the outcome of many years of study and reflection on his extraordinary early life as a field naturalist in South America and the rain forests of the 'Malay Archipelago'. Surviving fever and insect bites on the Amazon, he was shipwrecked with the loss of most of his notes and collections on his return journey. Astonishingly, within two years he was preparing for his second major expedition, this time to South East Asia, and for a stay of eight challenging years. It was here that he made his great scientific breakthrough, and provoked Darwin into prompt publication of his origin. Wallace used his experience in the tropics as the basis for his next major achievement – a classic work that established biogeography as a scientific specialism of great importance for today's urgent challenge to protect the world's biodiversity. As if this were not enough, Wallace became a bold and controversial public figure, campaigning on such issues as compulsory vaccination, parliamentary reform, and the rights of workers and colonised peoples. he was for many years president of the Land Nationalisation Society, and an ardent critic of the injustices of 19th century capitalism. Later in his life he engaged with radical thinkers such as William Morris, Edward Bellamy, Henry George, Robert Blatchford and Ebeneza Howard in envisaging just and sustainable alternative social and economic futures. Alfred Russel Wallace: Explorer, Evolutionist, Public Intellectual gives a succinct account ofWallace's life, before going on to analyse in more detail the development of his ideas on natural selection, his disputes with Darwin on sexual selection and human evolution, and the development of his political ideas. In each topic, Benton brings the story up to date, and assesses Wallace's ideas in the light of today's thinking.
Addenda 2008 to the bibliography of References to the work of J. G. Granö
Finnish botanists on the Kola Peninsula (Russia) up to 1918.
