http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1144 laser devices
laser devices
19th congress of the International Commission for Optics : 25-30 August 2002, Florence, Italy : optics for the quality of life : technical digest. Part 2 of two pars
New infotainment technologies in the home : demand-side perspectives
Recording, modeling and visualization of cultural heritage
Pathogenesis and treatment of acne and rosacea
Supporting table design for FaroArm platinum 3D scanner
Understanding and servicing CD players
A preliminary study of laser beam welding on joining HDPE plastic sheets
Scaling the power and tailoring the wavelength of semiconductor disk lasers
High performance single-mode and multimode laser diodes for visible and near infrared wavelengths
"Preface: Optical and laser scanning is the controlled deflection of light, visible or invisible. The aim of Handbook of Optical and Laser Scanning is to provide engineers, scientists, managerial technologists, and students with a resource to be used as a reference for understanding the fundamentals of optical scanning technology. This text has evolved from three previous books, Laser Beam Scanning (1985), Optical Scanning (1991), and Handbook of Optical and Laser Scanning (2004). Since their publication, many advances have occurred in optical scanning, requiring updating of previous material and introduction of additional scanning technologies. This new edition also adds a few chapters on scanning applications illustrating the practical use of scanning technology. Optical and laser scanning is a topic that is extremely broad in scope. It encompasses the mechanisms that control the deflection of light, optical systems that work with these mechanisms to perform scanning functions and factors that affect the fidelity of the images generated or obtained from the scanning systems. Each of these subtopics is addressed in this book from a variety of perspectives. A scanning system can be an input or output system or a combination of both. Input systems acquire images in either two or three dimensions. These systems can operate at a fixed wavelength or over a broad spectrum. They can reacquire the original light source by gathering either the specular or diffuse reflection or by fluorescing the image and acquiring the fluoresced light. Output systems direct light to produce images for applications such as marking, visual projection, and hard copy output. Ladar and many inspection systems use the same optical path to both illuminate the scene and acquire the image"--
Optoelectronics and photonics : principles and practices
Fundamentals of optoelectronics
Development of laser-spectroscopic techniques for new detection schemes in combustion diagnostics
Pulsed operation of dye lasers and diode-pumped solid-state lasers : novel techniques and devices
Handbook of optical and laser scanning
Laser ablation deposition of multielemental materials
Troubleshooting & repairing audio & video cassette players & recorders
Into the future : [robots, fibre optics, lasers, silicon chips ... the science, the models and you]
Proceedings
Consumer electronics troubleshooting & repair handbook
Clinical manual of physical therapy
Lasers : the power and precision of light
Laser measurement technology : fundamentals anad applications
Troubleshooting and repairing consumer electronics without a schematic
Physical principles of remote sensing
How electronic things work ... and what to do when they don't
Photonic MEMS devices : design, fabrication and control
Remote laser processing
High resolution photoacoustic titanium : sapphire/dye ring laser spectrometer and its application to acetylene overtone spectrum
Fiber lasers : basics, technology, and applications
Mono-cycle photonics and optical scanning tunneling microscopy : route to Femtosecond Ångstrom technology
Gain media for thin disk lasers pumped by a semiconductor disk laser
The applicability of an electro-optical coordinate measuring technique to the dimensional control of precast concrete facade panel production
3D laser microfabrication : principles and applications
The laser guidebook
This thesis was done for HAMK University of Applied Sciences. The purpose of this work was to design a supporting table for Faro Platinum Arm. Due to the requests, and based on the completed table in laboratory, certain improvement functions are included in new design. The aim of the work was to find appropriate approaches to increase the usability of the supporting table. The work included basically three parts: background, theory and design. Background includes introduction on design process and laser scanner. Theory part focuses on screws which is the main idea of the design. Other theories include different ideas of structures design which were brought to the work. Design part was corresponding to the operation requirements of the equipment. Draft drawing by hands illustrated the ideas. Stress analysis was done according to selected manufacturing material information. Internet and books are the major sources. As a result, a qualified design achieves the task requirements. Screw used as elevating methods, folded table and concave shape top plate increase the usability of the table. The size of the screw which is verified by stress analysis is defined, and further study can be made on modelling and manufacturing method.
Femtosecond laser pulses : principles and experiments
A pulsed time-of-flight laser rangefinder for fast, short-range, high resolution applications
Laser space communications
Two methods for processing an ultrafine ferritic grain size in steels and the thermal stability of the structure
Low-cost mobile laser scanning and its feasibility for environmental mapping
Precise material processing with Spatial Light Modulator - controlled femtosecond laser beam
Confinement in the diode laser ignition of energetic materials
The laser as a tool : a light beam conquers industrial production
Dispersion measurements of fiber-optic components and applications of a novel tunable filter for optical communications
Introduction to remote sensing
Wavelength extension of visible VECSELs by structural engineering
Laser processing of engineering materials : principles, procedure and industrial application
Fabrication of functional surfaces using ultrashort laser pulse ablation
Laser scanning for the environmental sciences
Optics demystified
The technology of pump combiners for high power fiber lasers and amplifiers
Laser-ablation deposition and characterization of polycrystalline Nd-modified Pb(Zr, Ti)O[sub 3] thin films
Optoelectronics, fiber optics, and laser cookbook
"Revealing the fundamentals of light beam deflection control, factors in image fidelity and quality, and the newest technological developments currently impacting scanner system design and applications, this highly practical reference reviews elements of laser beam characterization and describes optical systems for laser scanners. Featuring a logical chapter organization, authoritative yet accessible writing, hundreds of supporting illustrations, and contributions from 27 international subject specialists, this book affords a valuable range of perspectives as well as global coverage of optical and laser beam scanning. "--
Near-Earth laser communications
Direct laser writing of polymer-ceramic and hydrogel microstructures by two-photon polymerization
Laser guide star adaptive optics for astronomy
The theory of laser materials processing : heat and mass transfer in modern technology
Fundamentals of microfabrication
Large-mode-volume fiber devices for high-power and high-energy applications
Laser developments and high resolution resonance ionization spectroscopy of actinide elements
