http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11497 domestic aids
domestic aids
The water doctor's daughters
"Premilla Nadasen recounts in this powerful book a little-known history of organizing among African American household workers. She uses the stories of a handful of women to illuminate the broader politics of labor, organizing, race, and gender in late 20th-century America. At the crossroads of the emerging civil rights movement, a deindustrializing economy, a burgeoning women's movement, and increasing immigration, household worker activists, who were excluded from both labor rights and mainstream labor organizing, developed distinctive strategies for political mobilization and social change. We learn about their complicated relationship with their employers, who were a source of much of their anguish, but, also, potentially important allies. And equally important they articulated a profound challenge to unequal state policy. Household Workers Unite offers a window into this occupation from a perspective that is rarely seen. At a moment when the labor movement is in decline; as capital increasingly treats workers as interchangeable or indispensible; as the number of manufacturing jobs continues to dwindle and the number of service sector jobs expands; as workers in industrialized countries find themselves in an precarious situation and struggle hard to make ends meet without state support or protection--the lessons of domestic worker organizing recounted here might prove to be more important than just a correction of the historical record. The women in this book, as Nadasen demonstrates, were innovative labor organizers. As a history of poor women workers, it shatters countless myths and assumptions about the labor movement and proposes a very different vision"
Perceived work ability and physical capacity of home care workers : effects of the physical exercise and ergonomic intervention on factors related to work ability
Feminist social policy in Finland : contradictions of municipal homemaking
What the nanny saw
The maid of Fairbourne hall
Contradictions of the welfare state, women and caring : municipal homemaking in Finland
Silent house : a novel
National core curricula for social welfare education in Finland : translation of the main parts
Global care work : gender and migration in Nordic societies
Daring to dream
Women's worlds : Finnish contributions to the Third International Interdisciplinary Congress on Women, Dublin 1987
Household workers unite : the untold story of African American women who built a movement
The heir
The ghost lover
The politics of caring : the case of municipal homemaking in Finland
A song for summer
This book is a fresh contribution to the feminist welfare state debate as far as caring is concerned. By using the case of municipal homemakers in Finland, the author analyzes the relation between women and the caring state. The analysis addresses the welfare state formation, beneficial for women and built by women in alliance with leftist men, sympathetic to women's issues. The Finnish experience differs from any other Western models of home help. In Finland, municipal homemakers are well trained, permanently promoted into their public employee positions and they earn fixed monthly salaries. The homemaking position is not a case of female reserve labour but a life-long occupation. The emergence and development of the occupation is analyzed from a critical perspective, differentiating between ideologies and actual practices in creation of this public caring reform. However, the gendered nature of caring work in the public sphere also in the Nordic countries comes out clearly: it is a woman's work with women's wage and low status in spite of high unionization. The welfare state is contradictory to women.
Servicing the middle classes : class, gender and waged domestic labour in contemporary Britain
