http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p114 narcissism
narcissism
Eating problems and the self-concept : the body as a mirror of the mind?
Zenith. phase one
Œdipal paradigms in collision : a centennial emendation of a piece of Freudian canon (1897-1997)
Narcissism in the workplace : research, opinion and practice
Narcissism and paranoia in the age of Goethe
Narcissistic leaders : who succeeds and who fails
Personality characteristics of the personality disordered
The culture of narcissism : American life in an age of diminishing expectations
Swift as nemesis : modernity and its satirist
Narcissistic parenting in an insecure world : a history of parenting culture 1920s to present
Narcissism : a new theory
Self and social change
Narcissistic wounds : clinical perspectives
The depleted self : sin in a narcissistic age
The selfish gene philosophy : narcissistic giving
Pathologies of the modern self : postmodern studies on narcissism, schizophrenia, and depression
The narcissism epidemic : living in the age of entitlement
Narcissism, the self and society
Essays on the pleasures of death : from Freud to Lacan
"Cosmetic surgery represents an extreme form of modern grooming. It is the fastest growing medical specialty, yet misconceptions abound about those who undertake it and their reasons for doing so. With a grounded approach, engaging 30 women through in-depth interview, this study explores how they chose cosmetic surgery as an option. Their accounts frame a theoretical discussion, in which Northrop proposes that cosmetic surgery is initiated within the vulnerable and divisive relationship between the self and its poor body image. Poor body image and the attempt at its reparation are examined conceptually through shame and narcissism. With compelling case studies and a multi-disciplinary approach, Reflecting on Cosmetic Surgery demonstrates that shame constitutes a framework through which we formulate appearance norms and learn the art of becoming socially embodied. Shame concerns the self, but manifests in response to perceived social phenomena. Through the evaluation and amendment of body image with cosmetic surgery, notions of self and social worthiness are played out. Northrop argues convincingly for a review of the way in which we view narcissism and proposes that shame, and the discomforts arising from it, are implicated in its occurrence. This book will appeal to students and scholars across the social sciences, and particularly in women's studies and gender studies".
Narcissism and Friendship Quality in Adolescence
Feeling the words : neuropsychoanalytic understanding of memory and the unconscious
Narcissistic narrative : the metafictional paradox
Theories on narcissism : clinical applications : WPA regional symposium, Helsinki, June 1984
In Essays on the Pleasure of Death, Ellie Ragland discusses the interconnection of Freud and Lacan's theories, while maintaining that crucial differences between them still exist. Ragland argues, however, that Lacan's "return to Freud" gave coherence to concepts which Freud could never explain: psychosis, narcissism, the body and the death drive. Drawing upon Lacan's untranslated seminars through 1981, Ragland analyzes his theories of the death drive and the concept of jouissance, the driving force behind language and libido. Along with her examination of Lacanian theories about the body, meaning systems, and how they shape reality, Ragland also discusses the ethical problems of psychoanalysis and the ways in which Lacan's work points to the inadequacies of terms like "sexuality" and "gender."
The analysis of the self : a systematic approach to the psychoanalytic treatment of narcissistic personality disorders
Pathological Altruism is a groundbreaking new book - the first to explore the negative aspects of altruism and empathy, seemingly uniformly positive traits. In fact, pathological altruism, in the form of an unhealthy focus on others to the detriment of one's own needs, may underpin some personality disorders.
Great books of the Western World. 54, The major works of Sigmund Freud
The Americanization of narcissism
Blind trust : large groups and their leaders in times of crisis and terror
Sound sentiments : integrity in the emotions
Borderline conditions and pathological narcissism
Pathological altruism
Shrink : a cultural history of psychoanalysis in America
The ego ideal : a psychoanalytic essay on the malady of the ideal
The Bellwether revivals
The fundamentalist mindset : psychological perspectives on religion, violence, and history
Imagine there's no woman : ethics and sublimation
Adolescent vulnerability : a symphathetic look at the frailties and limitations of youth
Narcissism : denial of the true self
Holland's guide to psychoanalytic psychology and literature-and-psychology
Narcissism and the novel
The many faces of shame
The narcissist test : how to spot outsized egos... and the surprising things we can learn from them
An intimate relationship in the shadow of narcissism : what is it like to live with a narcissistic spouse?
Separation, will, and creativity : the wisdom of Otto Rank
Narcissism, nihilism, simplicity and self
Shades of loneliness : pathologies of a technological society
Confessions of a sociopath : a life spent hiding in plain sight
Impact of narcissism : the errant therapist on a chaotic quest
Psychology has stepped down from the university chair into the marketplace" was how the New York Times put it in 1926. Another commentator in 1929 was more biting. Psychoanalysis, he said, had over a generation, "converted the human scene into a neurotic." Freud first used the word around 1895, and by the 1920s psychoanalysis was a phenomenon to be reckoned with in the United States. How it gained such purchase, taking hold in virtually every aspect of American culture, is the story Lawrence R. Samuel tells in Shrink, the first comprehensive popular history of psychoanalysis in America. Arriving on the scene at around the same time as the modern idea of the self, psychoanalysis has both shaped and reflected the ascent of individualism in American society. Samuel traces its path from the theories of Freud and Jung to the innermost reaches of our current me-based, narcissistic culture. Along the way he shows how the arbiters of culture, high and low, from public intellectuals, novelists, and filmmakers to Good Housekeeping and the Cosmo girl, mediated or embraced psychoanalysis (or some version of it), until it could be legitimately viewed as an integral feature of American consciousness.
Psyche : inventions of the other. Vol. 1
Help! : I'm in love with a narcissist
Self-love and self-liking : in the moral and political philosophy of Bernard Mandeville and David Hume
Mother, mother
Reflecting on cosmetic surgery : body image, shame and narcissism
The minimal self : psychic survival in troubled times
The nature, origins, and consequences of Finnish shame-proneness : a grounded theory study
Jacques Lacan claimed that his theory of feminine sexuality, including the infamous proposition, "the Woman does not exist," constituted a revision of his earlier work on "the ethics of psychoanalysis." In Imagine There's No Woman, Joan Copjec shows how Freud's ragtag, nearly incoherent notion of sublimation was refashioned by Lacan to become the key term in his ethics. To trace the link between feminine being and Lacan's ethics of sublimation, Copjec argues, one must take the negative proposition about the woman's existence not as just another nominalist denunciation of thought's illusions about the existence of universals, but as recognition of the power of thought, which posits and gives birth to the difference of objects from themselves. While the relativist position currently dominant insists on the difference between my views and another's, Lacan insists on this difference within the object I see. The popular position fuels the disaffection with which we regard a world in a state of decomposition, whereas the Lacanian alternative urges our investment in a world that awaits our invention.
Why is it always about you? : the seven deadly sins of narcissism
New essays on narcissism
Citing a rise in such factors as cosmetic surgery, status-related debt, and misrepresented Facebook profiles, a cautionary report on the increase of unhealthy ego-related behaviors examines its actual cost to families, organizations, and societies.
Through close analysis of Shakespearean texts and discussion of Renaissance revisions of Ovid, this book illustrates how the seemingly extreme figures of the narcissist and self-slaughterer are indicative of early-modern attitudes to interiority.
Landmarks in psychoanalysis : collected papers
Narcissism : psychoanalytic essays
Eros in a narcissistic culture : an analysis anchored in the life-world
Portrait of the artist as a young patient : psychodynamic studies of the creative personality
Aggressivity, narcissism, and self-destructiveness in the psychotherapeutic relationship : new developments in the psychopathology and psychotherapy of severe personality disorders
The mirror of the self : sexuality, self-knowledge, and the gaze in the early Roman Empire
The handbook of narcissism and narcissistic personality disorder : theoretical approaches, empirical findings, and treatments
The telescoping of generations : listening to the narcissistic links between generations
Narcissism and Machiavellianism in youth : implications for the development of adaptive and maladaptive behavior
Muriel Spark's Loitering with intent as metafiction
Flagging patriotism : crises of narcissism and anti-americanism
Narcissism and suicide in Shakespeare and his contemporaries
The nature, origins and consequences of Finnish shame-proneness : a grounded theory study
The rose girls
Trapped in the mirror : adult children of narcissists in their struggle for self
Who's that girl? Who's that boy? : clinical practice meets postmodern gender theory
Season of the witch
Narcissism and aggression in adolescence : moderating roles of ego threath, emotionality, and gender
Narcissism and popularity : The moderating role of peer-valued characteristics, sense of power, and social goals
Individual awareness and its effect on organization development and well-being
Identity crisis : modernity, psychoanalysis and the self
The widening scope of shame
Mother, mother : a novel
Severe personality disorders : psychoterapeutic strategies
Educating today's overindulged youth : combat narcissism by building foundations, not pedestals
Kristeva, psychoanalysis and culture : subjectivity in crisis
This is the first sustained book-length study that examines how literary narcissism in the Age of Goethe intersects with concepts of creativity, language, gender, and national identity, and how German writers anticipate the formation of the Freudian concepts of narcissism and paranoia. Beginning in the 1770s authors like Goethe, Herder, Schiller, Moritz and others created a highly self-reflective literature. Their poems, dramas, prose works, and theoretical essays provide insights into how these writers attempted to contend with uncertainties connected to the loss of faith in a universal order.The authors use literature to reflect a sense of certainty by creating a stable, idealized, and thus narcissistic self. The author shows that narcissism was particularly attractive to eighteenth-century authors because it could both capture and conceal the contradictions inherent in Enlightenment thinking. The failure to reconcile these contradictions often results in unbearably haunting visions that give way to paranoid delusions.
Anger, rage, and relationship : an empathic approach to anger management
The reflexive self : a critical assessment of Giddens's theory of self-identity
Narcissism : Behind the mask
Shame : the underside of narcissism
Psyche : inventions of the other. Vol. 2
The narcissistic/borderline couple : new approaches to marital therapy
Children of the self-absorbed : a grown-up's guide to getting over narcissistic parents
Generation me : why today's young Americans are more confident, assertive, entitled - and more miserable than ever before
Vanity : 21st century selves
A child is being killed : on primary narcissism and the death drive
The narcissistic family : diagnosis and treatment
Zenith. phase two
Acting out
