http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11496 domestic aid
domestic aid
Incidence and seasonality of falls amongst old people receiving home help services in a municipality in northern Sweden
Kotipalvelu 1986, 1988, 1990 = Hemservice 1986, 1988, 1990 = Home help 1986, 1988, 1990.
Home care for ageing populations : a comparative analysis of domiciliary care in Denmark, the United States and Germany
Feminist social policy in Finland : contradictions of municipal homemaking
Women's worlds : Finnish contributions to the Third International Interdisciplinary Congress on Women, Dublin 1987
Contradictions of the welfare state, women and caring : municipal homemaking in Finland
Occupational therapy in community-based practice settings
This book is a fresh contribution to the feminist welfare state debate as far as caring is concerned. By using the case of municipal homemakers in Finland, the author analyzes the relation between women and the caring state. The analysis addresses the welfare state formation, beneficial for women and built by women in alliance with leftist men, sympathetic to women's issues. The Finnish experience differs from any other Western models of home help. In Finland, municipal homemakers are well trained, permanently promoted into their public employee positions and they earn fixed monthly salaries. The homemaking position is not a case of female reserve labour but a life-long occupation. The emergence and development of the occupation is analyzed from a critical perspective, differentiating between ideologies and actual practices in creation of this public caring reform. However, the gendered nature of caring work in the public sphere also in the Nordic countries comes out clearly: it is a woman's work with women's wage and low status in spite of high unionization. The welfare state is contradictory to women.
Perceived work ability and physical capacity of home care workers : effects of the physical exercise and ergonomic intervention on factors related to work ability
Servicing the middle classes : class, gender and waged domestic labour in contemporary Britain
