http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11537 Samis
Samis Sami people
RE: mindings : co-constituting indigenous, academic, artistic knowledges
Abstract.
Cultural minorities in Finland : an overview towards cultural policy
About the hearth : perspectives on the home, hearth, and household in the circumpolar north
Ealát - reindeer herders' voice : reindeer herding, traditional knowledge and adaptation to climate change and loss of grazing land
The reindeer people
Pan-Saami cooperation : towards a trans-border polity?
Polar law textbook 2
Two sides of the coin - rights and duties : the interface between environmental law and Saami law based on a comparison with Aoteoaroa/New Zealand and Canada
Self determination and indigenous peoples : Sámi rights and northern perspectives
The Sami people and the Northern Sea route : juridical, social and cultural concerns
The Sami people : demographics, origin, economy, culture
Report on Lapp affairs : [finnish state commission 1949-1951]
The image of Finland as a culturally and ethnically homogeneous nation is erroneous. The country's "old minorities" include the Swedish-speakers, the indigenous Sami, and the Romani. Several smaller ethno-cultural and religious groups have resided in Finland since the nineteenth century. Increasing immigration is now further diversifying Finland. Many of the old and new minorities have clearly-defined regional hearths, as do many distinctive segments of the majority culture. This article provides an overview of Finland's three largest minorities, religions, foodways, the new immigration, and the recent English-language sources available on these topics. The discussion emphasizes the new understanding of the country's ethno-cultural make-up and political, legal, and social challenges that have followed the recent change.
A study on the alveolar arches of the Lapps
Strongest of all: A folk tale from Lapland
Maarf leu'dd : photographs of Skolt Lapps
"Váisi," the sacred wild : transformation and dreaming in the Saami cultural context
Arctic resilience : interim report 2013
Jurisprudence of the European Court of Human Rights regarding indigenous peoples : retrospect and prospects
Manual : proposals for easy school transitions in Lapland
Readings in Saami history, culture and language. 3
SameNet : the Sami information and communication network
bear rituals found among the southern Khanty (about 1900) and the southern Sami (about 1750).
The Laplanders : Europe's last nomads
Analysing TWAIL perspective to ILO Convention No. 169 in Nordic context
The dimensions of movement
Networks, interaction and emerging identities in Fennoscandia and beyond : papers from the conference held in Tromsø, Norway, October 13-16 2009
Are trolls, bears and Sámis people too? : considering the mythic ethnography of Old Norse culture
How to make the small indigenous cultures bloom? : special traits of Sámi education in Finland
Ethics in indigenous research : past experiences - future challenges
In March 2008, the university library in Tromsø celebrated the opening of what they referred to as an 'indigenous room'. A collection of Sami literature was moved from its previous geographical and cultural context to what is today considered the more relevant company of American Indians, Australian aborigines and African peoples. Indicative of the increasing institutionalisation of the Sami as an indigenous people, the debate over what it means to be 'indigenous' is today important to Sami research, political strategies, cultural activities and religious creativity. In an attempt to take such innovations seriously, the article discusses some of the religious dimensions of Sami nation-building resulting from the ongoing processes of indigenisation. More specifically, I deal with a project structured by the international grammar of nation-building, which shares in the qualities of a civil religion and is at the same time shaped by 'indigenous spirituality'. Although a fairly recent construct, what I refer to as 'indigenous spirituality' is nevertheless a significant global discourse, developed primarily through the UN and international law. According to this perspective, indigenous peoples are the children of Mother Earth, and as such are opposed to and differentiated from the religions and worldviews of the 'western' world. Keywords: Sami, nation-building, indigenous, nature spirituality, Mother Earth .
Re-thinking Sámi education
Sápmelaččat Ohcejogas Sámis : eallinmállet 1960-logu loahpageahčen = Sámi in Ohcejohka, Sápmi : modes of life in the late 1960's = Saamelaiset Utsjoella Saamenmaassa : 1960-luvun elämää
The Sámi and their land : the Sámi vs the Swedish Crown. A study of the legal struggle for improved land rights: the Taxed Mountains Case
Mental health problems among the Swedish reindeer-herding Sami population : in perspective of intersectionality, organisational culture and acculturation
The history of Lapland
Forty below : traditional life in the Arctic
Cultural diversity in Finland
Current developments in Arctic law : Volume 2
Sami Indigenous spirituality : religion and nation-building in Norwegian Sápmi
Davvehieibma = Pohjatuuli = North wind
Lapps : reindeer herders of Lapland
The subjects of the draft Nordic Saami Convention
The Nordic Sami Parliaments
Ethical perspectives on Sámi school research
Sami post-secondary education : ideals and realities
Saami ethnoecology : resource management in Norwegian Lapland. Vol. 3, Appendices, Bibliography
Suenjel : kuvia kolttalappalaisten maasta = Bilder från skoltlapparnas land = Pictures from the country of the Skolt Lapps = Maht suenjelest jielet
The Lapps and their economic activities based on natural resourses : raport presented in Interdisciplinary Conference in Québec 17-19.10.1974
The ancient religion and folk-beliefs of the Sámi
Discourses of differentiation : ethnic representations in newspaper texts
Same, same, but different
God wears many skins : myth and folklore of the Sami people
Territoriality and state-Sámi relations
Changes in contemporary northern societies : collection of papers given at the First International Circumpolar Workshop (Skábmadiggi/Polar Night Symposion), Guovdageaidnu, Sápmi December 12 and 13, 1991
A year in Lapland : guest of the reindeer herders
Traditional occupations of indigenous and tribal peoples : emerging trends [ed. Virginia Thomas]
People of eight seasons
The Sami : an indigenous people in Sweden
ILO convention no. 169 in a Nordic context with comparative analysis :   an interdisciplinary approach
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 37, 2001
The draft Nordic Saami Convention and the indigenous population in Finland
Indigenous women : a gender perspective
Governing the uncertain : adaptation and climate in Russia and Finland
A journey through 1000[0] years of cultural history = Ceavccageaðgi mortensnes
Petticoat vagabond : among the nomads
Northern Scandinavia : a multi-ethnic society seen from an ethnological point of view
Sensitivity in indigenous identity research
Strategic assessment of development of the Arctic : assessment conducted for the European Union
Making the dream of a Sámi school come true : voices from the field
Sirma : residence and work organization in a Lappish-speaking community
The book provides a detailed analysis of the development of adaptive governance in Russia and Finland. It presents a case study from the Sakha Republic in Russia that focuses on community's participation in the process of governing of the flood events in the Tatta River area. Local adaptive practices are analyzed in relation to federal and regional responses that may mandate, encourage or collide with community's agency. A second case study is centered on the Finnish community of Kuttura, Ivalo. It explores the mounting challenges presented by changing environmental conditions to traditional reindeer herding, as well as the efforts made to cope with these new factors. Combining anthropological research and political science, this penetrating work offers revealing scrutiny of governmental responses to one of the most urgent issues facing both politicians and the citizens who live in their domains.
A detailed analysis of Saami prehistory from 5000 BC to AD 1500 along 500 km of the Bothnian coast in northern Sweden. The Saami were highly specialised seal hunters, who also practiced animal husbandry, farming and metallurgy in ways analagous to the Norse. In the early fourteenth century they were assimilated by the Swedish state, Christianized and driven inland, where many became nomadic reindeer herders. Their land-uses, place-names, technologies and spiritual ideas have strongly impacted upon north Swedish society and left an indelible, if little appreciated, imprint on Nordic culture.
A glimpse of the Sámi earth spirits
The embodied boundaries of ethnicity
Sámi Duodji : Sámi duodjesearvvi 30-jagi ávvudančájáhusa čájáhuskataloga = Saamenkäsityö : Saamenkäsityöyhdistyksen 30-vuotisjuhlanäyttelyn näyttelyluettelo = Sámi handicraft : catalogue for the jubilee exhibition of the Sámi Handicraft Association's 30th anniversary
Scandinavian folklore. 3
Indigenous politics : institutions, representation, mobilisation
The changing role of reindeer in the life of the Sámi
A problem in Lappish kinship terminology
Between the times : portrait of a Sámi reindeer herder = Áiggiid gaskkas : sápmelaš badjeolbmá govva = Aikain välillä : saamelaisen poromiehen muotokuva
A winter with Finnish Lapps
Diehtogiisá : newsletter from Nordic Saami Institute
Giehta dáidu : den stora boken om samernas slöjd = Giehta dáidu : the great book of Sámi handicraft
Jabmek and Jabmeaimo : a comparative study of the dead and the realm of the dead in Lappish religion
Ethnoprogramming : an indigenous approach to computer programming : a case study in Ohcejohka area comprehensive schools
The transition of the Jukkasjärvi Lapps from nomadism to settled life and farming
The prospects of ethnography at the Sámi school
Traditional ecological knowledge among reindeer herders in northern Sweden
Time is a ship that never casts anchor : Sami proverbs
Readings in Saami history, culture and language. 2
Indigenous peoples, their rights and customary laws in the North : the case of the Sámi people
Majority-minority relations : the case of the Sami in Scandinavia : report : Guovdageaidnu, Norway, 2 - 4 July 1993
The way of the four winds
Reindeer herding and modern forestry : the historical impacts on forests of two main land users in northern Sweden
Globalisation challenges north's indigenous peoples
Ranas samiske historie = Raanen saemien histovrije = The history of the Sámi people in Rana
Arts from the Arctic : an exhibition of circumpolar art by indigenous artists from Alaska, Canada, Greenland, Sápmi (Lapland), Russia
Whose land is Lapland? : the nellim case : a study of the divergent claims of forestry, reindeer herding and indigenous rights in Northern Finland
Lapps and labyrinths : Saami prehistory, colonization and cultural resilience
Dynamic aspects in tourism development : proceedings of the 5th Nordic Symposium on Tourism Research. Volume 1
Proceedings of the seminar on North Norway, Groningen, 9-11/11/1971
Lapp female deities of the Madder-akka group
The circumpolar Arctic is at the center of multiple controversies as international competition over resources threatens the places that many people call home. This collection takes the home and the hearth as a central site revealing the ways in which history, cosmology, demography, colonialism, and architecture are intertwined. Based on years of in-depth, international research, this book presents and analyzes how the peoples of the circumpolar North envision their dwelling places using local idioms of life appropriate to the region. This book sets a new standard for interdisciplinary work within the humanities and social sciences and includes the work of anthropologists, museum curators, archaeologists, and demographers.
Reindeer talk : Sámi reindeer herding and nature management
The linguistic special features of the Sami education
The Lapps
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
Can Saami transnational indigenous peoples exercise their self-determination in a world of sovereign states
Snowchange and temporal borders of the Northern indigenous nations : a geopolitical inquiry of "Sápmi", Sámi of Finland and the Russian Federation
The position and identification of the non-status Sámi in the marginal of indigeneity
Traits from life in a Sea-Lappish district : told by Anders Monsen from Repparfjord
Baiki : The North American Sami Journal
Five women and the ruler of the world : the hut theme as a mirror of ancient myths in Andreas Alariesto's art
Gáldu čála : journal of indigenous peoples rights
Aslak : his life in Lapland
The draft Nordic Saami Convention : nations working together
The natives of Torneå Lapmark, afsembled at Enontekis : to witness the launching the first balloon within the Arctic Circle
Duodji - slöjdens mästare : en bok om den magiska sameslöjden : a book about the magic Sami handicraft = Masters of Sami handicraft
The finnicization of the Lapps : a case of acculturation
The Sámi : the indigenous people of northernmost Europe
Saami ethnoecology : resource management in Norwegian Lapland. Vol. 1-2
The history of Lapland and the case of the Sami noaidi drum figures reversed
Goaskinviellja = Eagle brother
The Saami of Lapland
The Lapps and the Lappish culture
Coast Lapp society. 2, A study of economic development and social values
Sámi education in Finland
The bilateral network of social relations in Könkämä Lapp district
Hokuoo tonakai yuubokumin no koogei = An exhibition of the handicraft of the "Reindeer people"
Tourism and aboriginal heritage in the arctic as a means towards sustainability
Films on ice : cinemas of the Arctic
Acculturation and indigenous economy as factors in Lapp cultural change
The Encyclopaedia of Saami Culture
The Finno-Ugric peoples
Early Sámi visual artists : Western fine art meets Sámi culture
How do the Sami culture and school culture converge - or do they?
Common-place of common-sense : local level arguments concerning the rightfulness of the ILO convention number 169.
Where Lapps and reindeer roam : art by Andreas Alariesto as part of the depiction of the North
Who is indigenous? : definitions of indigeneity
Understanding the many faces of human security : perspectives of northern indigenous peoples
Suenjel : kuvia kolttalappalaisten maasta = Bilder från skoltlapparnas land = Pictures from the country of Skolt Lapps = Maht suenjelest jielet
The enchanted forest and other stories
Burial customs of the Skolt Lapps
Coast Lapp society. 1, A study of neighbourhood in Revsbotn fjord
Forty days without shadow
Summary: Saami craft in the Lutheran confrmation ritual : symbols of duodji.
Awakened voice : the return of Sami knowledge
In a Nordic village
The representation of Sámi people on Finnish and Norwegian tourism websites in English
School, culture and well-being : ArctiChildren research and development findings from northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and north-west Russia
Diet of the Finnish Lapps and its caesium-137 and potassium contents
Gender, culture and northern fisheries
The Russian Sami : historical-ethnographic essays
The 'bear ceremonial' and bear rituals among the Khanty and the Sami
Community adaptation and vulnerability in arctic regions
The bilateral network of social relations in Könkämä Lapp District
Suenjel : kuvia kolttalappalaisten maasta = bilder från skoltlapparnas land = pictures from the country of the Skolt Lapps = maht suenjelest jielet
Northern insights : feminist inquiries into politics of place, knowledge and agency
Introducing the Lapps
