http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1159 topography
topography
Topographies of Popular Culture departs from the deceptively simple notion that popular culture always takes place somewhere. By studying the spatial and topographic imaginations at work in popular culture, the book identifies and illustrates several specific tendencies that deserve increased attention in studies of the popular. In combining the study of popular texts with a broad variety of geographical contexts, the volume presents a global and cross-cultural approach to popular culture's topographies. In part, Topographies of Popular Culture takes its cue from recent theorisations of spatiality in the field of critical theory, and from such global transformations as the processes and after-effects of decolonisation and globalisation. It contemplates the spatiality of genre and the interactions between the local and the global, as well as the increasing circulation and adaptation of popular texts across the globe. The ten individual chapters analyse the spaces of popular culture at a scale that extends from an indivisual's everyday experience to genuinely global questions, offering new theoretical and analytical insights into the relation between spatiality and the popular.
The idea of north
Surface anatomy : the anatomical basis of clinical examination
Examining the topography and social context of Metal Age artefact finds in northern Finland
Colin McEvedy's highly original historical atlases revolutionised the way the history of the Western world was seen. In four books he spanned from the emergence of Homo erectus in Europe in around 500,000 BC to the present day. But his greatest enthusiasm was always for the classical world. For twenty years as he travelled to all the major sites from Babylon to Pompeii, McEvedy was quietly compiling the book he had always wanted to write. In Cities of the Classical World he could at last focus on its cities, map them and tell their fascinating stories. This labour of love offers a compelling imaginative guide to the centres of ancient civilization, large and small, that shaped the world as we know it today. Fascinating information about the cities sits alongside clear maps that trace their thoroughfares and defences, monuments and mistakes. And in understanding them the history of the ancient world unfolds fresh and new.
Evaluation of a bioluminescence method, contact angle measurements and topography for testing the cleanability of plastic surfaces under laboratory conditions
Topographic laser ranging and scanning : principles and processing
Novel methods to characterize ink - coating interactions, coating structure and surface energy
Surveying : principles and applications
Report of the Norwegian Antarctic Research Expedition 1997/98
Crustal two- and three-dimensional models of the Gulf of Bothnia area based on wide-angle and normal-incidence seismic data : by M. Ali Riahi
Slope tectonics
Planetary surface processes
Africa yesterday and today
Factors affecting snow damage of trees with partcular reference to European conditions
Reality and allegory in the Odyssey
Progress and new trends in 3D geoinformation sciences
Landforms and morphostructure in Koillismaa, Finland
Usually geomorphology, structural geology and engineering geology provide descriptions of slope instability in quite distinctive ways. This new research is based on combined approaches to providing an integrated view of the operative slope processes. 'Slope Tectonics' is the term adopted here to refer to those deformations that are induced or fully controlled by the slope morphology, and that generate features which can be compared to those created by tectonic activity. Such deformation can be induced by the stress field in a slope which is mainly controlled by gravity, topography and the geological setting created by the geodynamic context. The content of this book includes slope-deformation characterization using morphology and evolution, mechanical behaviour of the material, modes of failure and collapse, influence of lithology and structural features, and the role played by controlling factors. The contributions cover broad aspects of slope tectonics that attempt to underline a multidisciplinary approach, which should create a better framework for studies of slope instability.--
Studies in ancient Greek topography. Pt. 5
Surveying for forestry and natural resources
Schaum's outline of theory and problems in introductory surveying
Topography and strategy in the war
Topographic characteristics of Lake Ladoga catchment basin
Geographic and oceanographic research in Indian waters. Part 7, The topography and bottom deposits of the Laccadive Sea
Integrated geospatial technologies : a guide to GPS, GIS, and data logging
"This is a concise but comprehensive text describing visible and palpable anatomy and a valuable companion to clinical studies. It contains over 240 colour photographs with line drawings superimposed to demonstrate the major structures that can be felt, seen, moved or listened to; Regionally organised chapters covering all areas of male and female anatomy; and line drawings indicating the surface markings of deep structures together with sites for injection of local anaesthetic, accessing blood vessels and taking biopsies."--BOOK JACKET.
Muskeltopographie der Schlachtkörper = Muscular topography of carcasses
Data flow : visualising information in graphic design
E. M. Forster and English place : a literary topgraphy
Planning landscape : dimensions, elements, typologies
Characteristics of urban heat island (UHI) in a high latitude coastal city : case study of Turku, SW Finland
Hydrological modelling, topographical influence and yield mapping in precision agriculture
Supplement to Olkiluoto numerical ground surface and rock surface point data
Airborne and terrestrial laser scanning
Landscape mosaic in the treeline ecotone on Mt Rodjanoaivi, Subarctic Finland
Guidelines for soil description
Studies in ancient Greek topography. Pt. 3, Roads
Sacred topography and identity in Arcadia
Paleoaltimetry : geochemical and thermodynamic approaches
Acoustic techniques for pharmaceutical process monitoring : measurements in tablet manufacturing and quality control
Summary: On the vegetation, morphology and natural history of the large mire complexes in Pyhtää, southeastern Finland.
Infinite perspectives : two thousand years of three-dimensional mapmaking
Digital elevation model technologies and applications : the DEM users manual
Factors in the environment, viruses and host responses affecting the epidemiology of tick-borne encephalitis virus in Northern Europe
Eastern Nepal topographic mapping : evaluation report, September 1994.
Nepal nature's paradise : (insight into diverse facets of topography, flora & ecology)
Laser scanning for the environmental sciences
The topography of the city-state of Ugarit
Interpreting archaeological topography : airborne laser scanning, 3D Data and ground observation
Submarine geology
The ancient city of Athens : its topography and monuments
Factors affecting raw glaze properties
Topographical, structural and geophysical characterization of fracture zones : implications for groundwater flow and vulnerability
Topographies of popular culture
The climate near the ground
The handbook of sidescan sonar
Biopedological processes in the inception of peat formation
S. [190]-194: Summary.
Studies in ancient Greek topography. Pt. 4, Passes
Feasibility of mobile laser scanning for mapping and monitoring a riverine environment
Geographical perspectives on the development of power distribution systems in sparsely populated areas
Vici and insulae : homes and addresses of the Romans
Topography and place names as information sources in interpreting the sacred in archaeological finds
Topography and history of ancient Epicnemidian Locris
Kelvin Probe Force Microscopy (KPFM) characterization of lanthanum lutetium oxide high-k dielectric thin films
Summary.
Studies of mire ecosystems of Fennoscandia : materials of the Soviet-Finnish symposium 28-31 May 1990
Water resilient urbanity : spatial study and design for urban flood
Development of methods for the characterisation of roughness in three dimensions
Cities of the classical world : an atlas and gazetteer of 120 centres of ancient civilization
From Alexandria to York, this unique illustrated guide allows us to see the great centres of classical civilization afresh. The key feature of Cities of the Classical World is 120 specially drawn maps tracing each city's thoroughfares and defences, monuments and places of worship.
A phenomenology of landscape : places, paths and monuments
Topography and population of ancient Boiotia
Synchrotron radiation x-ray topography of crystallographic defects in GaN
The geology of North East England
Advanced techniques for classification of polarimetric synthetic aperture radar data
Summary: The hummock and hollow patterns of the peat bogs.
Effect of soil, topography, and ground vegetation on the defoliation by the common pine sawfly (Diprion pini L.)
Contributions to the botany and topography of Gibraltar and its neighbourhood : with plan and views of the rock
E. M. Forster and English place : a literary topography
Cartographic relief presentation
The objective of this paper is to differentiate the landscape in the treeline ecotone in Subarctic Finland with an examination of its mosaic structure and functional role in treeline dynamics. Highly varying topography is a key factor controlling drainage conditions, vegetation, local climates and soils. Natural drainage classes, soil data (pH, Corg, Nt, C/N ratio, moisture) and dominant vegetation were used to characterize site conditions and to show the grouping of six representative sites along a synthetic topographical transect (model). The abrupt increase in soil moisture and pH values at the distal end of the lowest zones indicates a relatively sharp and ecologically important limit between well drained sites (ridge tops, upper valley side, interfluves) and valleys with both poorly and very poorly drained sites. Remains of birch wood in wind-scarps, hummocks and peaty layers give evidence of former open birch forest in present treeless sites. Forest decline has enforced the contrasts in site conditions between windswept and snow accumulating topography. The landscape mosaic and resultant site conditions are strongly influencing treeline dynamics and consequently, the landscape mosaic needs to be carefully considered when discussing the possible effects of the changing climate in the treeline ecotone.
