http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11564 project export
project export
Hundred years of experience : YIT 1912-
Evaluation of performance and impact of fourteen projects with concessional credits in Asia : ex-post evaluation
Finnish-Soviet project export cooperation in third countries until 1989
Legal problems of Soviet-Finnish cooperation when implementing industrial projects in third countries : joint report
International business operations
Arctic Whitefish Project 2006-2008 : loppuraportti
Model for the integration of the project exporter's marketing process into the investment process of the foreign client
Project business as a strategic choice : a theoretical and empirical study of project marketing
This is a product - oriented thesis. The aim is to conclude a guidebook about music export for young bands that are interested in playing a show abroad. The project: Music export from Helsinki to Berlin and vice versa. Case study: Face of God and Ill Kommodity, was used to learn from the praxis. The thesis describes the responsibilities of the project manager and brings project management and event planning together. The music export history of Finland and Germany is taken in consideration and a closer look into media relations, funding, networking and marketing theories is provided. The project is a culture exchange between a German and a Finnish band. They switch the music market and share their networking contacts. Both bands are performing two concerts abroad and gathering attention from the media. Tough Enough Promotion is the commissioner of this thesis and the concluded music export guide got establish for the company to implement future music export projects. The book will guide young bands through the challenges of internationalization and gives recommendations on music export. The music export guide is the result of the project that got intensively studied and evaluates the theories for the praxis.
Managing technology transfer to Pakistan through joint ventures and turnkey projects
The situation of Russian project export in the companies of environmental, energy and building trade in eastern Finland
YIT Corporation : demanding projects worldwide
Music export from Helsinki to Berlin and vice versa : case study: Face of God and Ill Kommodity
Dynamics and diversity : discoveries in internationalisation of European small and medium firms
Complexity within international projects
Project entry in the Chinese high-rise elevator markets : The case of KONE major project unit
International marketing and purchasing of projects : interactions and paradoxes : a study of Finnish project exports to the Arab countries
Social carriers of techniques for development : a comparative economic systems approach-"appropriate technology" : myths versus reality
On international construction and project export contracts
Project export
Project marketing process in developing countries : the case of a Finnish heavy industrial firm in Vietnam
Finnish construction engineering
The world is a book and he who stays at home reads only one page : the history of the international operations of the Finnish National Road Administration
Manual for evaluation of industrial projects
