http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11596 life history
life history
Celestial revolutionary : Copernicus, the man and his universe
Tanners of Taiwan : life strategies and national culture
Mechanisms of life history evolution : the genetics and physiology of life history traits and trade-offs
Sala : the portrait of an eminent Victorian
Moonglow : a novel
Stages of life and Christian experience
Native American life-history narratives : colonial and postcolonial Navajo ethnography
Regular, honest and diligent lives : female life histories in a Tuscan town
Narrative & genre : contexts and types of communication
By the time he retired, Brad Park had surpassed the great Bobby Orr in career assists by a defenseman. Inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame the first year he was eligible, and later named one of the Top 100 NHL players of all time by The Hockey News, Park will forever be remembered as one of the greatest men ever to take the ice. The first and only authorized biography of Park's life and career, Straight Shooter: The Brad Park Story, delves deeper into his legendary success than any book has before, bringing together exclusive, candid insights from Park himself, as well as interviews with dozens of players, family members, and key figures from the hockey world. Covering Park's early years growing up in Toronto, to his first exposure to the NHL with the New York Rangers and his stellar performance with the Boston Bruins, through the twilight of his career and retirement, the book examines every aspect of his remarkable life in unprecedented detail. Giving hockey fans a full, frank look at the career of an NHL legend—including the challenges Park faced in his personal life, including caring for his physically handicapped son—Straight Shooter is a fascinating look at one of the game's true greats. - Covers Park's life in detail, from his time with the Rangers and Bruins to his experiences with Team Canada in the 1972 Summit Series.
A man bears witness to his grandfather's deathbed confessions, which reveal his family's long-buried history and his involvement in a mail-order novelty company, World War II, and the space program.
Life in the medieval cloister
Our movie year : American splendor : stories by Harvey Pekar
Northern insights : feminist inquiries into politics of place, knowledge and agency
Iron curtain : the crushing of Eastern Europe, 1945-1956
Queens Consort, Cultural Transfer and European Politics examines the roles that queens consort played in dynastic politics and cultural transfer between their natal and marital courts during the sixteenth, seventeenth, and eighteenth centuries. This collection of essays analyses the part that these queens played in European politics, showing how hard and soft power, high politics and cultural influences, cannot be strictly separated. It shows that the root of these consorts' power lay in their dynastic networks and the extent to which they cultivated them. The consorts studied in this book come from territories such as Austria, Braunschweig, Hanover, Poland, Portugal, Prussia and Saxony and travel to, among other places, Britain, Naples, Russia, Spain and Sweden. The various chapters address different types of cultural manifestation, among them collecting, portraiture, panegyric poetry, libraries, theatre and festivals, learning, genealogical literature and architecture. The volume significantly shifts the direction of scholarship by moving beyond a focus on individual historical women to consider 'queens consort' as a category, making it valuable reading for students and scholars of early modern gender and political history.
From a "student" to a lifelong "consumer" of education : constructions of educability in adult students' narrative life histories
Steppin' Razor : the life of Peter Tosh
Negotiating the past at the kitchen table : nostalgia as a narrative strategy in an intergenerational context
John Foster Dulles : a biography
The telling room : a story of love, betrayal, revenge, and the world's greatest piece of cheese
Empress of fashion : a life of Diana Vreeland
Cutting for stone : a novel
How The Secret changed my life : real people, real stories
Making witches : Newfoundland traditions of spells and counterspells
My father's wars : migration, memory, and the violence of a century
The way of the surfer
Steps to the past : a town from the perspective of autobiographical memory
Beautiful work : a meditation on pain
Lone motherhood i Finland : Comparing lifestories and research
Into the wild
Hero : the life and legend of Lawrence of Arabia
Pioneers of modern physical training
Southeast Asian lives : personal narratives and historical experience
The structure of the life course : standardized? individualized? differentiated?
The world of Samuel Beckett, 1906-1946
Facing diversity : the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland from 2004 to 2007
The sensitive interpretation of emotions : methodological perspectives on  studying meanings in written life-historical narratives
No future without forgiveness
Medicine, Trade and Empire : Garcia de Orta's colloquies on the simples and drugs of India (1563) in context
The landscape of consumption : shopping streets and cultures in Western Europe, 1600-1900
Melanesian odysseys : negotiating the self, narrative and modernity
A greasy-skinned worker : gender, class and work in the 20th-century life story of a female labourer
Advances in culture, tourism and hospitality research : volume 1
Light from the ashes : social science careers of young Holocaust refugees and survivors
The ethics of life writing
The letters of Vita Sackville-West to Virginia Woolf
The key
Elon Musk : Tesla, SpaceX, and the quest for a fantastic future
Society and biography : interrelationships between social structure, institutions and the life course
Confucius : a life of thought and politics
From ethnography to life history : tracing transitions of school students
Past tenses : essays on writing, autobiography and history
The Tom Jones quiz book : 100 questions on the singing legend
Saga of a slave : Jacobus Capitein of Holland and Elmina
"Who am I exactly?" : ethnic identity as revealed in interviews with Ingrian-Finns
Life writing and politics of memory in Eastern Europe
Travelling metaphors, transforming concepts
Alexander the Great : journey to the end of the earth
A guide to the good life : the ancient art of stoic joy
A short history of nearly everything
Chemical evolution : I. From molecule to microbe : II. The origin of life on earth and elsewhere
Moving stories : an intimate history of four women across two countries
Becoming Nicole : the transformation of an American family
American lives
Malcolm Shepherd Knowles : a history of his thought
The falling sky : words of a Yanomami shaman
What they saved : pieces of a Jewish past
Doña María's story : life history, memory, and political identity
Turns in the road : narrative studies of lives in transition
When the doves disappeared : a novel
Imagining gendered adulthood : anxiety, ambivalence, avoidance and anticipation
Women in political theory
Age and ageing in the Roman Empire
Paavo Nurmi : Flying Finn - a lifetime in one hour
The dark
Life experiences and identity of married Finnish women living in Minnesota
""My father was born into war," begins this remarkable saga in Alisse Waterston's intimate ethnography, a story that is also twentieth century social history. This is an anthropologist's vivid account of her father's journey across continents, countries, cultures, languages, generations--and wars. It is a daughter's moving portrait of a charming, funny, wounded and difficult man, his relationships with those he loved, and his most sacred of beliefs. And it is a scholar's reflection on the dramatic forces of history, the legacies of culture, the experience of a Jewish immigrant, and the enduring power of memory. This book is for Sociology and Anthropology courses in qualitative methods, ethnography, violence, migration, and ethnicity"--
Investigating the teacher's life and work
The world is flat : a brief history of the twenty-first century
Hauptbeschreibung 'Revolving-Door Life Writing' is about selected Puerto Rican female (im)migrant authors and filmmakers on the East Coast of the United States. The focus of this study lies on the hybrid and partly transnational cultural identities of these life writers. Since Nuyorican and ""NuRican"" life writing undermines the given context of the (neo-)colonial status, decisive attempts at decolonisation take place. The authors use the rather subversive strategy of jaibaría, a Puerto Rican folk tactic; the filmmakers are more overt with their tools of directness voiced in confrontation and provocation.
The best seat in the house : stories from the NHL, inside the room, on the ice and on the bench
Business life in pursuit of economic and political advantages in early-nineteenth-century Finland
The self and memory
Storying later life : issues, investigations, and interventions in narrative gerontology
The life course reader : individuals and societies across time
Soldiers of memory : World War II and its aftermath in Estonian post-Soviet life stories
Sharon Tate and the Manson murders
Moral qualities of space, historical consciousness and symbolic boundaries in the Beyoğlu District of Istanbul
Garcia de Orta's Colloquies on the Simples and Drugs of India (1563) was one of the first books to take advantage of the close relationship between medicine, trade and empire in the early modern period. The book was printed in Goa, the capital of the Portuguese empire in the East, and the city where the author, a Portuguese physician of Jewish ancestry, lived for almost thirty years. It presents a vast array of medical information on various drugs, spices, plants, fruits and minerals native to India or adjoining territories. In addition, it includes information concerning indigenous methods of healing as well as a far-reaching assessment of ancient and modern authors on Asian materia medica. Orta's book had a market in Asia but was particularly valuable to a European audience. It soon attracted the attention of various European authors and printers by providing the basis for adaptations, commentaries and editions in various languages, prompting a successful and complex trail of medical knowledge in transit. Authored by an interdisciplinary team of prominent international scholars, the volume takes into account recent historiographical trends and provides a contextualized and innovative analysis of the histories and reception of the Colloquies. It emphasizes the value of the work to historians today as a symbol of the impact of geographical expansion and globalization in a sixteenth-century medical world.
The world : a beginner's guide
Revolving-door life writing : literature and cinema of Puerto Rican women
Naturalist
Why Life Speeds Up As You Get Older raises almost as many questions as it answers. Draaisma explores the nature of autobiographical memory, covering subjects such as dejvu, near death experiences and the effect of severe trauma on memory recall, as well as human perceptions of time at different stages in life.
Écrire sa vie, vivre son écriture : the autobiographical self-reflection of Annie Ernaux and Marguerite Duras
The biographical turn : lives in history
Spoilt rotten : the toxic cult of sentimentality
Russians and religion after communism
Queens consort, cultural transfer and European politics, c. 1500-1800
Plots, lives and histories : the unity of action in non-fiction narratives
Critical advances in reminiscence work : from theory to application
Wish you were here : the official biography of Douglas Adams
Revolutionary in exile : the emigration of Joseph Priestley to America, 1794-1804
Furiously happy : a funny book about horrible things
State composers and the red courtiers : music, ideology, and politics in the Soviet 1930s
Soviet baby boomers : an oral history of Russia's Cold War generation
Paths to successful development : personality in the life course
The relationship between the life story and the identity of a migrant
Lexicon grammaticorum : a bio-bibliographical companion to the history of linguistics
Migration and transformation : multi-level analysis of migrant transnationalism
Making memories matter : the record of a European Reminiscence Network project = Erinnerungen Raum geben : Dokument eines europäischen Erinnerungsprojekts
Archives of memory : supporting traumatized communities through narration and remembrance
The lost : a search for six of six million
Researching life stories and family histories
Interaction through navel gazing
Leonardo da Vinci : the marvellous works of nature and man
Our movie year : American splendor : stories
Negotiating place identity in life stories from the viewpoint of the multiculturalism
Roots and routes : life stories of exiled Hungarian women in Sweden
Unwelcome Americans : living on the margin in early New England
Jamie McLennan spent twenty years playing professional hockey. Sort of. As the backup for such legendary goalies as Grant Fuhr, Ron Hextall, Roberto Luongo, and Miikka Kiprusoff, he saw everything—except much playing time. In The Best Seat in the House, McLennan looks back on his unique career, from breaking into the NHL, to working with the legends, to life on the road and in the league, offering readers an unprecedented glimpse into life inside the locker room.
The privilege of youth : the inspirational story of a teenager's search for  friendship and acceptance
Killing Kennedy : the end of Camelot
What is the world of the 21st century like now that the centrality of the West is no longer given? How were the societies and cultures of today's world together with their interconnections forged, and what is driving human society in our times? In short, what is the state of the world today as we enter the second decade of the 21st century? This is the first book which deals with planetary human society as whole. It is a beginner's guide to the world after the West and after globalization, compact, portable, and jargon-free. It is aimed at everybody who, even with experience, has kept a begi.
The 33 strategies of war
Big history : our incredible journey, from big bang to now
She who remembers survives : interpreting Estonian women's post-Soviet life stories
Places as creators of memories and identity
The author describes how his family was haunted by the disappearance of six relatives during the Holocaust and how he embarked on a determined search to find the remaining eyewitnesses to his lost ancestors' fates.
Istanbul : memories and the city
Literate lives in the Information Age : narratives of literacy from the United States
Kone's prince : the colorful life of Pekka Herlin
Identity and story : creating self in narrative
Our common history : the transformation of Europe
Straight shooter : the Brad Park story
Jesus and Muhammad : parallel tracks, parallel lives
Life stories and urban legends in the context of postmodern narrativity
The sensitive interpretation of emotions : methodological perspectives on studying meanings in oral history texts
A Portrait of the artist as a young girl
Repossessing the world : reading memoirs by contemporary women
Selected writings : Vita Sackville-West ; edited by Mary Ann Caws
The story of Kullervo
This volume focuses on religious, historical, literary, cultural and political models, developed in America, for the realization and representation of American lives. These original articles demonstrate the importance of different forms of life writing for the disciplines of American Studies. Experts in the field such as literary and cultural critics Sidonie Smith, Craig Howes, Birgit Däwes, historian Thomas Bender, and writer critic Siri Hustvedt among others cover the wide range of the presentation and performance of selves in colonial literature, nature writing, immigrant and campaign auto/biographies, religion, film, TV series, rap music, graphic presentations, comics, and sports. Adressing the transnational self-affirmations of American citizens in Hawai'i, the Caribbean islands, on reservations, and in urban ghettos they represent the diversified panorama of American lives.
Who wants to be a woman? : young women's reflections on transitions to adulthood
Julie Kerr's vivid account provides insights into the thoughts and experiences of the medieval monk.This book will make an important contribution to our understanding of monastic life by exploring key aspects that have been either inadequately addressed or overlooked by historians. For example, what effect did the ascetic lifestyle have on the monks' physical health and mental well-being? How difficult was it for newcomers to adapt to the rigours of the cloister? Did the monks suffer from anxiety and boredom; what caused them concern and how did they seek comfort? What did it really mean to live the solitary life within a communal environment and how significant were issues of loneliness and isolation? Drawing on chronicles, letters, customaries and miracle stories, the experience of medieval monastic life will be presented through the monks' own words.
Researching life stories : method, theory and analyses in a biographical age
The first comprehensive biography of Sharon Tate: Hollywood star, wife of Roman Polanski, victim of Charles Manson, and symbol of the death of the 1960s.
The Routledge international handbook on narrative and life history
Reinventing food : Ferran Adriȧ : the man who changed the way we eat
Emily Greene Balch : the long road to internationalism
One man's thirteen abodes
Saint Fiacre in early sixteenth-century Paris : the 1529 drama of his life before Meaux
Exploring learning, identity, and power through life history and narrative research
Why life speeds up as you get older : how memory shapes our past
Den of thieves
Narrative inquiry
