http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11527 hymn books
hymn books hymnals
Songs of fellowship
The Christina Psalter : a study of the images and texts in a French early thirteenth-century illuminated manuscript
Flexibility, involment and localisation: Norsk salmebok II (2010/2011)
On hymns and hymn-books
The Methodist hymnal : official hymnal of the Methodist Episcopal Church and the Methodist Episcopal Church, South
Chalice Hymnal
The source : the definitive worship collection
Lutheran book of worship
Laudamus : hymnal for the Lutheran World Federation = Gesangbuch für den Lutherischen Weltbund = Psalmbok för Lutherska världsförbundet
A dictionary of hymnology, setting forth the origin and history of Christian hymns of all ages and nations. 2, O to Z
The English hymnal service book
The hymnal and order of service
The English hymnal : treble part
Lutheran Book of Worship
The Cambridge hymnal
New Mission praise
Kidsource : super songs for church and school
Lutheran Book of Worship : accompaniment edition : liturgy
Cantate Domino : an ecumenical hymn book = ein ökumenisches Gesangbuch = psautier œcuménique
A dictionary of hymnology, setting forth the origin and history of Christian hymns of all ages and nations. 1, A to O
The Lutheran hymnal
Laudamus : hymnal for the Assembly of the Lutheran World Federation = Gesangbuch für die Vollversammlung des Lutherischen Weltbundes = Psalmbok för Lutherska världsförbundets generalförsamling
The British worship collection
The Complete New English Hymnal. Volume 3
The Australian worship collection. Book two
Cantate cantica socii : liturgy and music in Finland
The English hymnal with tunes
English praise : a supplement to the English hymnal : full music edition
The Complete New English Hymnal. Volume 4
Traditional hymns
American Catholic hymnbook
The general nature of the revival movement song books : Laestadianism ; What does hymn singing express?
The American worship collection
Hymns of faith
The new English hymnal
Cantate Domino : World's Student Christian Federation hymnal
Psalms. Part 2, and Lamentations
Service book and hymnal of the Lutheran Church in America
Christian praise
Abstract: Ystävä sä lapsien : collection of Finnish language children's hymns and spiritual songs from 1824-1938 and their influence on the Hymnal 1938.
The Complete New English Hymnal. Volume 16
The Complete New English Hymnal. Volume 10
Rikas rakas vanha Rauma = Old Rauma near and dear
American hymns old and new
Motifs from Genesis 1-11 in the genuine hymns of Ephrem the Syrian with particular reference to the influence of Jewish exegetical tradition
The Book of Psalms : a worship resource for reading or singing the psalms with optional refrains
Songs of fellowship. 2
The Complete New English Hymnal. Volume 18
Sacred songs and solos : twelve hundred pieces
The Complete New English Hymnal. Volume 12
The Church hymnary : with music
