http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11556 Serbian language
Serbian language
Published to acclaim in 1977, this controversial novel of ideas follows Konrad Rutkowski - professor of medieval history and former Gestapo officer - as he returns to the scene of his war crimes determined to renounce, or perhaps justify, his Nazi past. In a series of letters to a brother-in-law, Rutkowski lays out his ambivalent reactions to war and unthinkable violence, connecting his own swirling ideas to those of some of the major figures of European thought: Plato, St. Augustine, Descartes, Nietzsche, Freud, and others. But the novel is more than an intellectual meditation. Pekic was himself a frequent political agitator and occasional prisoner, and he drew on his first hand knowledge of police methods and life under totalitarianism to paint a chilling portrait of an intellectual acting as a tool of repression. At the same time he questions whether Rutkowski's ideology puts him outside the philosophical tradition he so admires - or if the line separating it from totalitarianism is not as clear as we like to think.
Tesla : a portrait with masks : a novel
Englesko-Sprski i Srpsko-Engleski reçnik = English-Serbian and Serbian-English dictionary
Balkan survey report 2004-2006 : insight into the situation of deaf people in four balkan region countries : Macedonia, Serbia and Montenegro, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Turkey
The Ray of the Microcosm
"Three official languages have emerged: Croatian in Croatia, Serbian in Serbia, and both these languages plus Bosnian in Bosnia-Herzegovina. Bosnian, Croatian, Serbian, a Textbook introduces the student to all three. Dialogues and exercises appear in each language, presented side by side for easy comparison; in addition, Serbian is rendered in both its Latin and its Cyrillic spellings. Teachers may choose a single language to use in the classroom, or they may want to familiarize students with all three"--Book jacket.
The houses of Belgrade
Bosnian, Croatian, Serbian : audio supplement to accompany Bosnian, Croatian, Serbian, a textbook
Mood in the languages of Europe
A selection of 55 poems spanning Tadić's career from 1974 to 2006.
Language and identity in the Balkans : Serbo-Croatian and its disintegration
Serbian-English, English-Serbian concise dictionary
Through socialism to war
The Bugarštica : a bilingual anthology of the earliest extant South Slavic folk narrative song
Spoken Serbo-Croatian. 1
Vatra i ništa = Fire and nothing
Borislav Pekic's The Houses of Belgrade, first published in 1970, draws a parallel between the unrest culminating in the Belgrade student riots of 1968 and that at two earlier points in the history of Yugoslavia: the riots which immediately preceded Germany's attack on Belgrade in the spring of 1941 and the turmoil of Serbia's entry into World War I. Pekic relates his tale through the character of Arsenie Negovan, one of the prime builders of houses in Belgrade. Although Arsenie is dying, losing his sanity as his life seeps away, his narrative is sustained by his intellectual and aesthetic vision, by his love of buildings and his passionate obsession with the houses of Belgrade. Through this metaphor of the gradual decline of a builder's mind, Pekic gives us a compelling look at the unspoken fear of loss and destruction in a chronically disrupted urban society.
Colloquial Croatian and Serbian : the complete course for beginners
Bosnian, Croatian, Serbian, a textbook : with exercises and basic grammar
Sinister distances : [seven stories]
Rečnik englesko-srpskohrvatski i srpskohrvatsko-engleski sa engleskom gramatikom = A pocket dictionary English-Serbocroatian and Serbocroatian-English with English grammar
Assembly
The horse has six legs : an anthology of Serbian poetry
Jednom davno : folklore and storytelling in Ivo Andrić's Na Drini ćuprija
The bridge on the Drina
Dark things : poems
Complete Serbian
The verbs znati and um(j)eti in Serbian, Croatian and Bosnian : a case study in the grammaticalisation of habitual auxiliaries
Srpskohrvatsko-engleski rečnik = Serbocroatian-English dictionary
Spoken Serbo-Croatian. 2
Savremeni srpsko-engleski rečnik = Contemporary Serbian-English dictionary
Victims of the Biedermeier
The Invisible Comics : [alternative comics in Serbia 1980-2010]
The apology and the last days : a novel
How to quiet a vampire : a sotie
Does speed matter? : the impact of the EU membership incentive on rule adoption in minority language rights protection
Serbian language for foreigners = Srpski jezik za strance
Pulitzer Prize-winning poet Charles Simic has done more than anyone since Czeslaw Milosz to introduce English-language readers to the greatest modern Slavic poets. In "Oranges and Snow", Simic continues this work with his translations of one of today's finest Serbian poets, Milan Djordjevic. An encounter between two poets and two languages, this bilingual edition - the first selection of Djordjevic's work to appear in English - features Simic's translations and the Serbian originals on facing pages. Simic, a native Serbian speaker, has selected some forty-five of Djordjevic's best poems and provides an introduction in which he discusses the poet's work, as well as the challenges of translation. Djordjevic, who was born in Belgrade in 1954, is a poet who gives equal weight to imagination and reality. This book ranges across his entire career to date. His earliest poems can deal with something as commonplace as a bulb of garlic, a potato, or an overcoat fallen on the floor. Later poems, often dreamlike and surreal, recount his travels in Germany, France, and England. His recent poems are more autobiographical and realistic and reflect a personal tragedy. Confined to his house after being hit and nearly killed by a car while crossing a Belgrade street in 2007, the poet writes of his humble surroundings, the cats that come to his door, the birds he sees through his window, and the copies of one of his own books that he once burnt to keep warm. Whatever their subject, Djordjevic's poems are beautiful, original, and always lyrical.
Typological studies in old Serbo-Croatian syntax
Originally published in 1975, The Apology and the Last Days is the final volume in a trilogy of novels--also including The Rise and Fall of Icarus Gubelkian and How to Quiet a Vampire--about the aftermath of World War II, by Borislav Pekic, one of the former Yugoslavia's most important postwar writers. The narrator tells his story from prison, where he is serving time for the murder of a former Nazi official. As the novel unfolds, we learn that the victim was the same person whom the narrator, while a lifeguard during the war, saved from drowning, thus making him vulnerable to charges of collaboration. In this tragicomic tale, Pekic explores eternal questions of fate and individual responsibility.
The Balkan Slavic appellative
Veliki srpsko-engleski rečnik = Comprehensive Serbian-English dictionary
Stone lullaby = [Kamena uspavanka] : selected poems
Nikola Tesla was a man forever misunderstood. From his boyhood in what is present-day Croatia, where his father, a Serbian Orthodox priest, dismissed his talents, to his tumultuous years in New York City, where his heated rivalry with Thomas Edison yielded triumphs and failures, Tesla was both demonized and lionized. Tesla captures the whirlwind years of the dawn of the electrical age, when his flair for showmanship kept him in the public eye. For every successful invention--the alternating current electrical system and wireless communication among them--there were hundreds of others. But what of the man behind the image? Vladimir Pištalo reveals the inner life of a man haunted by the loss of his older brother, a man who struggled with flashes of madness and brilliance whose mistrust of institutional support led him to financial ruin. Tesla: A Portrait with Masks is an impassioned account of a visionary whose influence is still felt today.
Englesko-srpski rečnik = The English-Serbian dictionary
Colloquial Serbian : the complete course for beginners
Oranges and snow : selected poems of Milan Djordjević
Gramatika srpskog jezika za strance sa vežbanjima i rešenjima : priručik za samostalno usvajanje gramatike - početni i srednji nivo = Serbian language grammar for foreigners with exercises and key : a self-study book for beginner and intermediate students
" Borisav Stanković's classic novel, Bad Blood (Nečista krv, 1910), tells the tragic story of Sofka, a woman of otherworldly beauty, who marries a twelve-year-old boy in order to save her family from financial ruin. Bad Blood is regarded as the first Serbian psychological novel, and it left a profound influence on writers as diverse as Meša Selimovć, Ivo Andrić, Dobrica Ćosić and Vuk Drašković. Sofka, a legendary beauty, enters a society that is going to destroy her. Her apparently civilized parents prove themselves to be the villains of her fate when they arrange, for a price, an incestuous marriage into a primitive country family to protect their own selfish interests. Only love and death manage to hold the world together. Sofka in the end takes her revenge on life by giving birth to three stunted, semi-retarded children, who, she earnestly hopes, will curse her name one day and regret the fact that they were ever born. Borisav Stanković belongs to the tradition of Serbian storytellers who described the regions where they were born and raised, which in his case was Vranje, an obscure south Serbian market town close to Macedonia. Under Turkish rule, a Serbian upper class had formed which upheld the unquestioned tradition of Turkish feudal and caste relations between the estate owners and the serfs. This class dictated a patriarchal way of life to the extended family with coarse mediaeval laws and customs that not only regulated morality, but forged the chains of psychic slavery as well. Stanković was born in 1876. His family was once wealthy, but had long since fallen on hard times. His father died when he was five, and his mother when he was seven. He was raised by his grandmother, Zlata, who enchanted him with stories from Vranje's past; these tales became the source of most of his short stories and novels. " -- (Serbian Classics Press)
Modern Slavic literatures : a library and literary criticism. 2, Bulgarian, Czechoslovak, Polish, Ukrainian and Yugoslav literatures
Bosnian, Croatian, Serbian : a textbook with exercises and basic grammar
The scent of rain in the Balkans
Englesko-hrvatski ili srpski rječnik = English-Croatian or Serbian dictionary
Around the world with Serbian with pronouncation = Sa srpskim u svet sa izgovorom
Bosnian, Croatian, Serbian, a grammar : with sociolinguistic commentary
The uses of tradition : a comparative enquiry into the nature, uses and functions of oral poetry in the Balkans, the Baltic, and Africa
Englesko-srpski srpsko-englesko poslovni rečnik = English-Serbian Serbian-English business dictionary
A tomb for Boris Davidovich
A comparative reference grammar of Bosnian, Croatian, Serbian
Englesko-srpski, srpsko-engleski rečnik sa gramatikom : ESSE = English-Serbian, Serbian-English dictionary and grammar
The life and times of Vuk Stefanović Karadžić, 1787-1864 : literacy, literature, and national independence in Serbia
Swedish summary.
Three comedies : The bereaved family. "Dr". Mrs Minister
Lake Como
Serbian dictionary & phrasebook : Serbian-English : English-Serbian
A semantic analysis of aspect in Russian and Serbocroatian
Photgraphy year book 1984
Terminologičeskij slovar' po informatike = Dictionary of informatics terms
The aspects of the verb in Serbo-Croatian
