http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11513 user study
user study
Charting the audience perceptions of projected 3D media installations
Strategies for aesthetic consistency and continuity
Studies in outdoor recreation : search and research for satisfaction
Information needs analysis : principles and practice in information organizations
Advances in usability evaluation / Part I
The player's game : towards understanding player production among computer game culture
A Study in Visual Communication - Case Functional Home at the Senior Generation Exhibition in St. Petersburg
Prototyping tangible gribs for web contents : field study challenges in domestic context
This thesis will present some ideas for customer research that can be adopted when developing Finnforest's websites. Finnforest, the client, has an on-going website development process, where the main focus is on building more user-friendly sites to better serve customers.    The aim of this thesis is to present selected market research theories that the client can consider when planning the next steps of their website development process. The goal is not to give concrete suggestions on how to improve individual tools on a website, but rather to present some methods on how users' ideas can be researched.    The main customer research method presented is focus group interviews; this thesis presents the findings of four focus groups conducted in January and February 2011. Two of the focus groups were conducted in the United Kingdom, one in Finland and one in Germany. The focus groups were conducted by the client and not the author of this thesis.    It was clear from the focus group interviews that users from the different target groups wanted more information about products, and also wanted to see inspirational pictures and videos.    The role of social media and how they can be utilised should be considered carefully. Social media offer many possibilities, but some of the focus groups indicated that at least for now social media did not particularly interest the participants on a larger scale.
Unscrambling the "average user" of Habbo Hotel
The message within : a case study on the inherent message of materials
Summary in Estonian.
When media are new : understanding the dynamics of new media adoption and use
Sketching user experience : getting the design right and the right design
Remote research : real users, real time, real research
User acceptance testing : a step-by-step guide
Every information system brought into service in every type of organisation requires user acceptance testing. This book is a hands-on manual for non-testing specialists to plan and carry out an effective acceptance test of an information system. It also identifies ways of making the process as simple and cost-effective as possible.
FloweRing : creating value through strategic design and branding
Conceptualizing engagement modes : understanding museum-audience relationships in Latvian museums
Designing for user engagement : Aesthetic and attractive user interfaces
Co-development of work and information systems : an analysis of the construction of the Activity­Driven ISD methodology in 2001-2013
Social Commerce : the underlying trend of social commerce
Cameras and picture messaging services became part of mobile phone communication at the same time as digital cameras gained popularity in Finland in the early 2000’s. Snapshot photography has since undergone a transformation in technical and cultural terms. Snapshot photographers work on personal computers with image browsing, processing, and archiving software. Photos are viewed on camera, phone, and computer screens, and are shared on mobile messaging and internet sites. This thesis examines cameraphone photo use amongst users in Finland. It investigates cameraphone photographers’ notions of cameraphone photographs, of communicating with them, and of the technologies with which the photos are used. The thesis shows how cameraphone photos become meaningful through comparisons with analogue and digital photography and connections to mobile phone and internet communication. The study approaches photos not as visual texts but as data files. It draws on the social constructionist approach to technology studies, referring to literature on domestic photography, domestication studies of information and communication technologies, and the circuit of culture model. The study is based on the interviews, photos, and diaries of sixteen Finnish cameraphone and digital camera users of different ages.
Living in a motion : user-centered concepting in public spaces of the cruise ship concept
Sketching user experiences : the workbook
Digital signage effectiveness in retail stores
Eye tracking the user experience : a practical guide
The effect of communicating e-service benefits on consumer e-service adoption
Is it really gender? : an empirical investigation into gender effects in technology adoption through the examination of individual differences
Community-centric mobile peer-to-peer services: performance evaluation and user studies
Customer research methods in website development process : focusing on focus groups
Knowledge intensive business services, users and cultural intermediaries
Eye tracking for visual marketing
Grounding the innovation of future technologies
Hidden in plain sight : how to create extraordinary products for tomorrow's customers
Life touch : inspiration, research, and concept design
Quality and reliability assessment of the mobile phone display
Neuro web design : what makes them click?
"Preface Successful interaction with products, tools and technologies depends on usable designs, accommodating the needs of potential users and does not require costly training. In this context, this book is concerned about emerging concepts, theories and applications of human factors knowledge focusing on the discovery and understanding of human interaction with products and systems for their improvement. The book is organized into four sections that focus on the following subject matters: - Usability Methods and Tools - Theoretical Issues in Usability - Usability in Web Environment - Miscellaneous In the section "Usability Methods and Tools," studies related with new and improved methods and tools for the advancement in the efficiency of the usability studies is reported. In this context, this book provides studies, which cover everything from checklists and heuristics development to kaizen and biometrics measurement techniques. Also, the use of tools, like eye tracker, virtual reality and augmented reality is discussed. "--
Studying user strategies and characteristics for developing web search interfaces
Interviewing users : how to uncover compelling insights
Hypermedia applications : creating an e-newsletter
Mental health service users in research : critical sociological perspectives
Design and testing of a customer satisfaction survey process
The aim of this Bachelor's Thesis is to design a customer satisfaction survey for Jätevesiliike Vestelli Ltd. In addition to the design, the survey is also tested to see how it works in practice. The results of the testing will be used to improve the questions and format of the survey, if necessary.  Measuring customer satisfaction is very important to companies, since customers are the starting point of any business.  Measuring customer satisfaction constantly the company finds out how satisfied the customers are with the products and services leave room for improvement.    The design of the customer satisfaction survey process was conducted in April 2016. The design of the survey was done by implementing quantitative questionnaire methods. The testing of the survey was conducted also in April 2016. The customer data used for the testing of the survey were chosen from the last customers of the company between 02.11.2015 - 19.04.2016.     On the basis of the results of this research, it can be concluded that the design of the survey was sufficient and that it should work when implemented by the company later on. The timing to conduct the survey was not, however, ideal. This was because so few already purchased systems were actually installed by the time of the survey. Thus there was only few replies to the survey. The author recommends the implementation of the customer satisfaction survey to be held in autumn 2016.      Key words: customer satisfaction, design, testing, survey.
A step-by-step guide to usability testing
Enriched evaluation : comparative user experience evaluation in product development
Reaching the diversity of users' understandings : methodological renewal
Methodological questions in lighting acceptance and preference studies
Connecting photos : a qualitative study of cameraphone photo use
Reflecting on the PRET : a rapporter framework via a field study of adolescents' perceptions of technology and exercise
Evaluating university digital libraries with the interaction triptych framework
Cross-platform functionality in practice:exploring the influence of system composition on user experiences of personal exercise monitoring
Everyday practice of food consuming : a case study on a web based supply service
Make it intuitive : an evaluation practice emergent from the plans and scripted behavior of the computer-community of practice
Qualitative research and the modern library
Designing for collaboration : a study of knowledge work collaboration and a concept design for a large touchscreen-based groupware system
Why engagement matters : cross-disciplinary perspectives and innovations on user engagement with digital media
Smart Glasses Design-Exploring user perception of wearable computing
ENHSIN, the European Natural History Specimen Information Network : a project supported by the European Union Programme: Improving the human potential and the socio-economic knowledge base
1 Digital Meaning ; 2 Two-Tiered Segmentation ; 3 Use Cases and Visit Intent ; 4 Customer Identity and Taxonomy ; 5 Website Structure ; 6 Attitudes and Behaviors : Mixing a More Powerful Measurement ; 7 Voice of Customer, Digital Marketing, and Success Measurement ; 8 Big Data and Measuring the Digital World ; 9 Omnichannel Analytics ; 10 No End in Sight.
Managing mobile phone based user studies with web-based tools
MULTI-X : supporting cross-training through multi-sport product concept innovation
Should customer voice be heard? : The acquisition and significance of customer information in new sports product development
Visitor studies : theory, research and practice : volume 9 : selected papers from the 1996 Visitor Studies Confrence / published by Visitor Studies Association
User interface design in communication device for Chinese children
The virtual reference experience : integrating theory into practice
Studying user experience : issues and problems of mobile services : case ADAMOS: user experience (im)possible to catch?
Mental models : aligning design strategy with human behavior
Cross-platform functionality in practice : exploring the influence of system composition on user experiences of personal exercise monitoring
Reaching the diversity of users' understandings : a methodological renewal
Online surveys in collecting cross-cultural qualitative user experience feedback
Usability and user experience of an online service : Case PATIO
For twenty-five years, Studies in Outdoor Recreation has been a standard text in courses on parks and outdoor recreation and serves as an invaluable reference for park and recreation managers. The first book to integrate the social science literature on outdoor recreation, it reviews studies from this broad, interdisciplinary field and synthesizes them into a body of knowledge, providing an historical perspective on outdoor recreation research and developing its practical management implications. This third edition is completely revised to reflect current research and new concerns in the field. A new chapter examines the emerging issue of sense of place and its relationship to outdoor recreation. The book concludes with twenty principles to guide outdoor recreation management and research. An extensive bibliography and A Guide to the Social Science Literature in Outdoor Recreation lead readers to valuable primary source material. An essential resource for students, scholars, and professionals, Studies in Outdoor Recreation explores the theoretical and methodological issues in outdoor recreation and describes the management implications of outdoor recreation research.
Analysis of user trends and behavior in online and mobile weather and climate services
Dictionary use in foreign language writing exams : impact and implications
Suitability of self-organizing maps for analyzing a macro-environment : an empirical field-survey
Product meaning, affective use evaluation, and transfer : a preliminary study
Product design of belt guard covers for flotation cells
Citizen perceptions of the European Union : the impact of the EU web site
Quantifying the user experience : practical statistics for user research
Surface design in architecture : trend forecast and design collection development for Graphic Concrete
Scientist conquers the mobile future : how to pop yourself to the world top? By loving your customers and pushing collaboration between researchers and designers. Tero Ojanperä shares the seeds of success
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2014 : proceedings of the International Conference in Dublin, Ireland, January 21-24, 2014
From a momentary experience to a lasting one : the concept of and research on expanded user experience of mobile devices
In order to develop sustainable business, the significance of quality management is constantly increasing. Highly saturated mobile phone industry companies need to understand the competitive factors related to product manufacturing. Quality is considered as competitive factor that has influence over several departments in company. The influence of quality is often economical but may also be brand related. Reliability is used as a tool for predicting the demanded quality of the product. The goal of this thesis is to examine the quality and reliability of mobile phone display from the desired failure mode point of view. Thesis is commissioned by a mobile phone company, and the quality and reliability tools and techniques are selected based on company`s recommendations. The data and tools for analyzing quality and reliability are from the company`s R&D department. For the selected failure mode, a comprehensive quality and reliability analysis is conducted that describes the design modifications and how modifications are affecting the reliability of the product. Theory section presents the importance of quality and reliability management, and also the theory of tools and techniques used for quality improvement. Case study presents the design enhancements of the product for improved reliability. To clarify the desired quality level, a user experience study is conducted. Based on design enhancements, user experience study and reliability estimations, a comprehensive understanding of the failure mode severity is introduced. Thesis work gives an estimation of the failure mode severity and a summary of the current failure mode state.
Study of Zumba game playing experience, related to previous knowledge of Zumba
Mapping the user experience : development of a validated instrument from the plans and scripts of the computer community of practice
Modern banking solutions changing business and people
Value in experience : design and evaluation framework based on case studies of novel mobile services
Business value creation and stakeholder expectation management as tools for better business relationships : Case Study: TeliaSonera AB, Enterprise Systems
Software end-users' motivation structure : market leading photo management and editing software
User centered design of new and novel products : case digital television
Human centered design : first international conference, HCD 2009, held as part of HCI international 2009 San Diego, CA, USA, July 19-24, 2009 : proceedings
Studying user experience : issues and problems of mobile services : case ADAMOS : user experience (im)possible to catch?
Critical perspectives on user involvement
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2013 : proceedings of the International Conference in Innsbruck, Austria, January 22-25, 2013
Disconnect.me : user engagement and Facebook
User expressions translated into requirements
Understanding Russian outbound tourism : what the Russian blogosphere is saying about Europe
Impact and issues in new media : toward intelligent societies
Web Accessibility : a foundation for research
Segmenting protected area visitors based on their motivations
Measuring the digital world : using digital analytics to drive better digital experiences
Examining human values in adopting ubiquitous technology in school
Lean User Experience Design in Practice : A Case Study: Implementing Lean User Experience Design in Software Development
Users of new technology : a discourse analysis of a new technology user
Integration and Work-based Learning : The Case of Info Bank
A Study of User Experience: Aesthetic, Tangible User Interface Concepts in the Context of Adaptive Hotel Room
Information technology incidents in the present information society : viewpoints of service providers, users, and the mass media
Excel and R Companion to Quantifying the User Experience : Practical Statistics for User Research : Rapid Answers to over 100 Examples and Exercises
Google analytics breakthrough : from zero to business impact
It's our research : getting stakeholder buy-in for user experience research projects
Experimental design : from user studies to psychophysics
Innovation, learning, and communities
Assessing Intranet Services : A Usability analysis of employee portal in HAMK Valkeakoski
Visitor monitoring in nature areas : a manual based on experiences from the Nordic and Baltic countries
Market Signals from the Solid Wood Consumers to Timber Producers : Methods for Improving the Connections  Between Users and Producers of Radiata Pine in New Zealand
The social mediation of everyday user experiences
The end of cognition?
Lost on board : enhancing user experience on cruise ships through wayfinding improvements
This paper presents results from a study on the effectiveness of digital signage in the retail environment. The goal of the study was to examine design parameters relevant to digital signage content design which could be used to create guidelines and templates for designing effective digital signage content. In this study, we focused on how video and animation affect the effectiveness of digital signage. When comparing still content with content enhanced with video or animation, no significant difference in effectiveness could be observed. This observation contradicts with earlier studies. Our study supports the views that the digital displays are currently most useful and effective to the younger generation, and that male customers consider digital displays in a store more useful than females do.
