http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11514 cafés
cafés coffee shops coffeehouses
The little coffee shop of Kabul : a novel
How "Tropical Sno" should be launched in the capital area of Finland : case: Shave Ice Finland Oy
The historic restaurants of Paris
Profitable Cafeteria Operation
Dancing at the Victory Cafe
The London café book
The complete idiot ́s guide to starting and running a coffee bar
Marketing : market research for a start-up business - a basketball style coffeehouse
Avoca café cookbook
The incorrigible optimists club
Students' preference choice among private and national brands of snacks in KUAS cafeterias, Finland
New perspectives : cafes, bars & restaurants
Coffee houses of Europe
International interiors : [workspaces, offices & studios, shops, restaurants, bars, clubs, hotels, cultural and public buildings]. 5, Workspaces, offices& studios, shops, reataurants, bars, clubs, hotels, cultural and public buildings
The book of coffee
The Anatomy of foodservice design 1
The Ballroom Café
Café Créme Guide to the Cafés of Europe
Start & run a coffee bar
Nowadays, coffee has a very important role in the Finnish culture and is part of the modern lifestyle. The coffee culture in Finland is constantly diversifying and is increasingly influenced with a Southern European touch. Service orientation is more frequently expected but rarely delivered. Service orientation is an excellent way to differentiate for a competitive advantage.     The theory part of this thesis examines the dimensions of service quality, required personal skills and sales processes for the delivery of service excellence for a competitive advantage. The product part of this thesis includes the creation of a business plan for KAFE | Quality & Selection, a lifestyle cafe with customer service as a competitive advantage. The service and sales processes in the business plan are designed based on the findings in the theory part for a unique service experience.     The purpose of this thesis is to work as an action plan in the possible business start-up of a lifestyle cafe with a similar concept. To conclude, it is determined whether or not a lifestyle cafe with customer service as a competitive advantage has the potential to be profitable and whether a business start-up should be established using the planned concept.
Christmas at the Cat Cafe
Delicious branding : restaurants, dessert shops, cafes
Based in Istanbul, Autoban is one of the most sought-after design studios worldwide. Founders Seyhan Özdemir and Sefer Ça@011Flar create gorgeous furniture pieces and spectacular interiors at the nexus between Asia and Europe, tradition and modernity@2014a fitting reflection of the city in which they live and work and whose contemporary landscape their design now defines. This book presents a rich selection of Autoban@2019s breathtaking projects that are documented in striking photographs and plans. The distinctive concepts for restaurants, hotels, apartments, offices, and retail spaces showcase the studio@2019s worldview between global cosmopolitanism and its own cultural idiosyncrasies. Insightful texts give further insight into Autoban@2019s creative process and philosophy.
Cafes & restaurants - 4 : 62 outstanding cafes, tearooms, cafe-bars, restaurants
The aim of this thesis is to study the Finnish alcohol policy and its effects on the development of cafes from 1950s to 2005. The topic was chosen as both the alcohol policy and cafes have experienced rapid development during the past years, and it thus interesting to study how these phenomena have interacted during a longer period of time. The study is divided into 4 themes that approach the research topic from different points of view: firstly, the general development of the state alcohol policy is discussed, after which the discussion goes one step deeper and presents the practical outcomes of the alcohol policy when it comes to the daily operations of a caf.̌ After this, the research takes a slightly different point of view and discusses the general development of cafš themselves. Finally, the fourth theme concentrates on investigating the issue of alcohol in cafes. In the study, it was found out that alcohol played most important role in cafes in the 1970s, after the 1969 liberalisation of the alcohol legislation. Medium beer was taken into selection in most cafes who when that time facing serious economic difficulties. Beer kept many an establishment alive, but also changed the operations so much that the status of a caf ̌was in many cases lost. The situation today is very much different as many cafes have acquired A-licenses as early as 1990s when the state alcohol monopoly liberalised its licensing policy considerably. This has not however changed the image of cafes nor affected their economy as much as the introduction of medium in 1969, and thus even the recent considerable changes in the alcohol taxation have not affected alcohol sales in cafes that much.  During those 55 years that have been studied in this paper alcohol has not played any major role in cafes if not taking into account medium beer in the 1970s. It could even be said that the lack of alcohol in cafes has influenced them more, especially during the early parts of the period under study. However, in the future alcohol might gain a stronger foot step in certain type of cafes.
Start and run a coffee shop
A baby at the beach cafe
Googie : fifties coffee shop architecture
The Cafe des Artistes Cookbook
Business Plan for Cafe "Bulevaardi"
The modern cafe
The implementation of differentiation strategy in cafe industry in Turku
Cafés : designers and design = arquitectura y diseño
Paris in love
Analysis of the marketing environment in Nummela for a café
CAFES OF THE WORLD
Café design : number two
Feasibility Analysis of Laundry Lounge in Vietnam, Targeting Students : Start-up X, Ho Chi Minh, Vietnam
Everything but the coffee : learning about America from Starbucks
A guide to the cafés of Helsinki
Wake up and sell more coffee
Business Plan for Establishing a Café in Alajärvi
Essential guide to London's retro shops
Eating & drinking 2003 : London's best restaurants, cafés & bars
Business plan for a european style coffee shop in Ho Chi Minh city : case: AT Ltd. Company
Alice Waters and Chez Panisse : the romantic, impractical, often eccentric, ultimately brilliant making of a food revolution
How to finance a restaurant
A Mersey mile
Greek whisky : the localization of a global commodity
Business Plan for Establishing a Chinese Café in Finland  : case: Voikukka Café
The food lover's guide to Paris : the best restaurants, bistros, cafes, markets, bakeries, and more
Developing the service procedures in The Long Weekend cafe' bar
These experts and coffee shop owners seek to answer two main questions: 1. What is the one thing they wish they'd known before they started 2. What is the secret to success of their business and of great coffee shops and cafes in general. Some of these owners have just one site and some have multiple sites and worldwide success but all are acknowledged as being exceptional.
Bars : designer and design = Bares : arquitectura y diseño
How to open a financially successful coffee, espresso & tea shop : with companion cd-rom
Happy cafe. Volume 1
The French café
Customer behavior and customer expectations in Maxi cafeteria
Over easy
'Allo 'allo! : season 4
The cafes of Paris : a guide
Christmas at the Cupcake Cafe
Autoban : Form. Function. Experience
The Coffee Boys' step-by-step guide to setting up and managing your own coffee bar : how to open a coffee bar that actually lasts and makes money
Behind bars : design for cafes & bars
Development plan for restaurant services : case: hotel Turun Karina
New shop image graphics : the graphic tools and space design that create appealing stores
Food. Volume 3, the social relations of food
Establishing Vietnamese coffee shop in Finland within spousal-preneurship
Cafe & milk bar catering
Marketing: Market Research For A Start-Up Business – A Basketball Style Coffeehouse
Start your own restaurant business and more : pizzeria, coffeehouse, deli, bakery, catering business
A Business Plan of Teahouse in Helsinki, Finland
Starting an Organic Café in Vaasa
Wonderwall archives 02
Business plan for KAFE | Quality & Selection : customer service as a competitive advantage
Student's preference choice among private and national brands of snacks in Kuas Cafeterias, Finland / Juan Jose Garcia Navarro & Lucia Palkovicova
This guide to marketing for food and drink businesses explains the concept of "tribe building" and how to use it to create dynamic marketing strategies.
Rosewater and soda bread : a novel
Marketing strategies for coffee franchise industry in TianJin China - analysis of "85°C Bakery Cafe"
Shifty McGifty and Slippery Sam : the cat burglar
Bean business basics : the definitive how-to manual for starting & operating a retail specialty coffee business
The Van Gogh cafe
Cafes and bars : the architecture of public display
How to open and operate a financially successful coffee, espresso & tea shop : with companion CD-ROM
Breakfast, lunch, tea : Rose bakery
Caffè Lena : inside America's legendary folk music coffeehouse
Build your tribe : the new marketing manifesto for restaurants, bars and cafes
Pret a manger : food on the move
God in a cup : the obsessive quest for the perfect coffee
The best in restaurant corporate identity
White paper : 1992 challenge for the hotel, restaurant and cafe industry
Mollie Cinnamon is not a cupcake
Seasonality in the food and beverage service industry - a challenge for product development in small-sized businesses : case of Cafe im Goebenhaus, Stade, Germany
A guide to London's classic cafes & fish and chip shops
Night restaurants in Helsinki downtown area face fierce competition today. The number of various concepts is great and most operators compete for the attention and money of fairly same target market/ -s. Alongside traditional competitional tools such as quality and price new means need to be sought in order to stay in business, and more importantly, to be profitable. Relationship marketing offers one way of approaching this issue. It offers tools for studying all relationships a company has with its' environment, recognising the ones that are can be valuable and managing all these a successful entity.  In order to provide an extensive theoretical framework towards which the empirical part of the study about the use of relationship marketing can be reflected to, one has to study a number of issues. The theoretical part will begin with short introduction to socio-economic factors that affect the situation today. The issue of value creation is handled, both from the customer and the company point of view. Background and history of relationship marketing is studied and a number of marketing definitions and theories introduced. Furthermore the motivators behind consumer behaviour are discussed and concepts important to this subject explained. Finally all the issues above will be tied into logical entity in the chapter "relationship management and marketing strategy".  The empirical study was conducted as a qualitative study using half structured theme interviews. The interviewees all work in the chosen Helsinki night restaurants and are one way or another involved in the marketing planning and general management of these places. The beginning of empirical study shows the results of thirteen interviews. The later part of the chapter concentrates on the analysis that arise from the results and theory and on the recommendations based on the analysis.  In short the results show that all the restaurants in the study are familiar with the general concept of relationship marketing and practise a number of related activities such as VIP-card system and regular customer register. However it seems that strategic long term planning, clear goal setting for these actions and consistent follow up is often lacking. The importance of staff in using this approach was widely recognised but issues such as the necessity for clear separation between VIP-customers and masses divided opinions. Finally it seemed that all restaurants could name their chosen target segments but did not possess a lot data about them.
Working lives in catering
BUSINESS PLAN BLUEPRINT OF A CAFE IN RUSSIA
The seven year itch
The garden café at Rosendal
Eating & drinking : London's best restaurants, cafes & bars : new full colour maps of London's key restaurant areas
Kahvila : a coffee with atmosphere, please
The little coffee shop of Kabul
Development of Anticafe Concept in Finland
The Vienna coffeehouse wits 1930-1938
Business Plan for Café ''Bulevaardi''
Coffee - philosophy for everyone : grounds for debate
Financial aspects of a small hospitality business planning : through the example of a business plan of a café in Helsinki downtown
Effects of the Finnish alcohol policy on development of cafes from 1950 to 2005
Starting and running a sandwich-coffee bar : an insider guide
Top 100 cheap eats
Examination of customer expectation & experience of service quality: service quality in Starbucks, Chester, U.K
Onward : how Starbucks fought for its life without losing its soul
Bars, pubs, and cafes : hot designs for cool spaces
Customer satisfaction research : case: Naantalin Aurinkoinen Oy
This thesis is a customer satisfaction research and current state analysis for Naantalin Aurinkoinen Oy. The company is one of the leading café/bakery/confectionery chains with 13 places of business in Southern Finland. Customers are the basis for every business. To be able to survive in the competitive business field companies must know their customers; how they think, act and behave. Customer satisfaction research is one method of finding out how the company is being seen. Good reputation is priceless so companies need to pay attention to image and identity. Customers ask for good service and quality products. Satisfaction is the sum of many things and worth to nurture. When customers are satisfied they will spread the positive word around and when unsatisfied the word spreads even faster. Companies need to pay attention to the quality of its service and products, both of them affect the image.The theoretical part of this quantitative thesis studies image and identity, customer service and satisfaction and the quality around them. It discussed the importance of corporate image management, identity communication and overall awareness of the brand. Marketing of the brand plays a major role for image. Companies need to know how to communicate its services and products. Customer service is being looked at from the experience and quality point of view, how companies can create a working service package. Customer satisfaction is measurable and precious information that companies should collect. With questionnaires for example companies can receive the existing customer profiles, types and the rate of satisfaction. The thesis case study focuses on the results gathered from a questionnaire.^The statements concentrated on tastiness of products, price-quality ratio of the products, the quality of service, atmosphere, cleanliness, ability to regenerate and the overall opinion of the concept and recommendations. The data was collected from ten cafés during November 2014 and the total number of answers were 981. This study shows that customers appreciate good service and are ready to pay a little extra to receive it with tasty products. At the same time, customer are very price sensitive and critical about the product and service experience; eager to give feedback. Sometimes the excellent and friendly customer service can bypass the other factors during the café visit. Even the atmosphere consist the service and not only the outlook of the premises. Women and men ranked statements differently but the differences are not huge. The different age groups vary in some degrees.The biggest customer group was found to be people 61 years or older and more women than men seems to visit the cafés.
Knit one, pearl one
A distillation of experience of the many dozens of coffee and sandwich businesses the authors have opened, both personally and for clients.
The Anatomy of foodservice design 2
Stockholms bästa kaféer chocolaterier & tesalonger = The best cafés, chocolateries and teahouses in Stockholm
Syö hyvin Helsingissä = Where to eat in Helsinki
Afternoon tea at the Sunflower Cafe
Sparkling waterways, world-famous architecture, friendly, good-looking, effortlessly well-dressed people on bicycles everywhere - welcome to Copenhagen, capital city of Denmark, home to the Danes, the happiest people in the world. Located on the Oresund Strait, Copenhagen knows how to combine the latest trends in fashion, design, art and architecture - think Arne Jacobsen's chairs or the latest collection of trendy fashion designer Henrik Vibskov - with a refreshingly relaxed approach to life. Shops, cafes, restaurants, hotels - all exude a uniquely Danish sense of style and serenity. And Copenhagen enjoys an international reputation for culinary excellence but dining out doesn't have to be expensive as there are plenty of cafes offering high-quality fresh food at reasonable prices. Copenhagen Style Guide is the essential companion for anybody looking for something special, beyond the tourist track.
Developing the service procedures in The Long Weekend cafe'bar
Love walked in : a novel
