http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11509 eutrophication
eutrophication
Eutrophication in the Baltic Sea : present situation, nutrient transport processes, remedial strategies
Global coastal change
Environment of the Baltic Sea area 1994-1998
Nutrients and eutrophication : the limiting-nutrient controversy : proceedings of the Symposium on nutrients and eutrophication: The limiting-nutrient controversy, W. K. Kellogg Biological Station, Michigan State University, 11 and 12 February 1971
Long-term nutrient load management and lake restoration : case of Säkylän Pyhäjärvi (SW Finland)
Dynamic ecosystems under anthropogenic stress : how does macrotidal sandy beach fauna respond to green tides?
Drifting and attached macroalgae : distribution, degradation and utility for macroinvertebrates
Gypsum treatment in managing internal load from sediments of eutrophied lakes
Eutrophication in the Baltic Sea : an integrated thematic assessment of the effects of nutrient enrichment in the Baltic Sea region
Global International Waters Assessment. Regional assessment 23, Caspian Sea
The role of bacteria in the nutrient exchange between sediment and water in a flow-through system
Fosfilt filters in an agricultural catchment : a long-term field-scale
Eutrophication in the Baltic Sea : an integrated thematic assessment of the effects of nutrient enrichment in the Baltic Sea region : executive summary
Statistical analysis and modelling of phytoplankton dynamics : exploitation of data in the Nordic and Baltic monitoring programs
Carbon dynamics in eutrophic, temperate lakes
Lakes and reservoirs. Vol. 3, Water quality : the impact of eutrophication
Relative abundance, diet and growth of perch (Perca fluviatilis) and roach (Rutilus rutilus) at Tvärminne, northern Baltic Sea, in 1975 and 1997 : responses to eutrophication?
Behavioural responses to anthropogenic disturbances
Social profitability of combustion technology in poultry manure management : a cost-benefit analysis of co-combustion of boultry manure and natural gas in the Leningrad region, Russia
Biology of freshwater pollution
Recent spatiotemporal changes and main determinants of aquatic macrophyte vegetation in large lakes in Finland
The aim of this study was to determine the effect of meat and bone meal (MBM) used as an organic fertilizer on maize grown for grain. A two-factorial field experiment in a randomized block design was carried out in 2010 and 2011, in north-eastern Poland. Experimental factor I was MBM dose (1.0, 1.5, 2.0 and 2.5 t ha-1 year-1), and experimental factor II was the year of the study (two consecutive years). Increasing MBM doses contributed to an increase in maize grain yield and 1000-grain weight. The yield-forming effect of MBM applied at 1.5 t ha-1 year-1 was comparable with that of nitrogen and phosphorus contained in mineral fertilizers. A dose of 2.5 t ha-1 MBM led to a significant increase in maize grain yield. The P and K content of maize grain was determined by MBM dose, whereas the concentrations of N, Mg and Ca in grain were not affected by MBM dose. Significantly higher N, P, K and Mg uptake by maize plants was observed in treatments with the highest MBM dose, compared with the control tratment. Nitrogen and phosphorus uptake per 1 t MBM reached 101 kg and 26 kg, respectively. The results of a two-year study show that the maximum MBM dose (2.5 t ha-1 year-1) met the fertilizer requirements of maize with respect to nitrogen and phosphorus.
Effects of the alien species rhithropanopeus harrisii on nutrient levels and benthic fauna communities on the soft bottoms of the Archipelago Sea
This study analyzes the economic feasibility of gypsum amendment as a means to reduce particulate and dissolved phosphorus loads from arable areas. To this end, an optimization model is developed that includes gypsum amendment as well as matching phosphorus fertilization to crop need and the level of soil phosphorus reserves as phosphorus load mitigation measures, with soil phosphorus reserves measured by soil test phosphorus (STP). The optimal extent of gypsum amendment is then determined simultaneously with optimal fertilization use as a function of field STP level. The results indicate that whether or not gypsum amendment is economically feasible depends on field erosion susceptibility and STP level. When accounting for the costs and benefits to the society on the whole, gypsum treatment suits best to mitigation of phosphorus losses from soils with excessively high phosphorus reserves; once a threshold STP level is reached, gypsum amendment is optimally given up. This threshold level depends on field slope and on society's willingness to pay for water quality.
New aspects of bloom dynamics of Phaeocystis pouchetii (Haptophyta) in Norwegian waters
The Baltic Sea environment. Session 3, Eutrophication of the Baltic Sea
Consequences of eutrophication in the Baltic Sea : can structure and functions of the Phytobenthos persist?
Handbook of ecological models used in ecosystem and environmental management
Estuarine nutrient cycling : the influence of primary producers : the fate of nutrients and biomass
Eutrophication of lakes in China
Restoration and management of tropical eutrophic lakes
Eutrophication in Europe's coastal waters
Effects of waste waters on a lake ecosystem
Detection of optical water quality parameters for eutrophic waters by high resolution remote sensing
Algal assays and monitoring eutrophication
The Nile : origin, environments, limnology and human use
Benefits of reduced eutrophication : evidence from Finland, the Baltic Sea area and Europe for policy making
Benthic-pelagic coupling in the northern Baltic Sea : importance of bioturbation and benthic predation
Wetlands for cost effective abatement of stochastic pollutants
Lake Eutrophication studies in Southern Finland employing diatom-based total phosphorus inference models and sedimentary phosphorus fractionations
Microbiological gas formation altering top sediment composition and its relation to the internal nutrient load in eutrophic lakes
Global assessment of acidification and eutrophication of natural ecosystems
Development proposals to the water monitoring and management of Hartbeespoort Dam
Macrophyte species composition reflecting water quality changes in adjacent water bodies of lake Hiidenvesi, SW Finland
Macroalgae across environmental gradients : tools for managing rocky coastal areas of the northern Baltic Sea
Fish communities in South-Finnish lakes and their responses to biomanipulation assessed by experimental gillnetting
Analysis of the elements pollution in Dahuofang reservoir and the countermeasures to the pollution
Man and the Baltic Sea. Part I & Part II
Monitoring in Baltic coastal reference areas 1996 : composition of fish communities
Anthropogenic changes in Finnish lakes during the past 150 years inferred from benthic invertebrates and their sedimentary remains
Effects and consequences of eutrophication in the Baltic Sea : specific patterns in different regions
Present state and future of Lake Võrtsjärv : results from Finnish-Estonian joint project in 1993-1997
Mitigating Agricultural Phosphorus Leaching : The Effect of Timing in Grass Harvesting in Mitigating Wintertime Phosphorus Leaching
Our objective was to incorporate the effects of gypsum on phosphorus (P) losses into the field-scale ICECREAM model and to simulate the treatment of 93 ha of clayey soil with gypsum in a catchment located in southern Finland. In addition to the gypsum effects, a macropore flow description was added to ICECREAM. First, a sensitivity analysis was performed for the new macropore parameters, retrieved from a literature survey. After this, the model was calibrated for a reference period by setting of the macropore parameters to correspond to the P losses observed in the catchment experiment. Next, the effect of gypsum was added to the model in line with laboratory and field experiments that suggested decreased P losses and changed hydraulic properties of the soil. Finally, the modified model was verified for four seasons after the gypsum amendment in the catchment experiment. The model was able to simulate the P losses in three out of the four seasons. According to the simulations, gypsum reduced total P losses by 44%. Although the effect of gypsum on P and erosion is a complex process, our relatively simple modifications to the ICECREAM model described the impact with reasonable accuracy. However, to increase confidence in the performance of the model, it should be tested under other environmental conditions.
Succession of opportunistic fast-growing macroalgae in the Northern Baltic Sea under manipulative enhanced nutrient load
Ecological status assessment : a case study of three urban ponds located in the Tampere city area
Modeling, assessments and cost-effectiveness analysis of constructed wetlands and active methods for the treatment of runoff from agricultural areas : final report of the Active Wetlands Interreg
Emissions of NOx from baltic shipping and first estimates of their effects on air quality and eutrophication of the Baltic Sea
Governing the blue-green Baltic Sea : societal challenges of marine eutrophication prevention
Activities 2006 : overview
Decorative or outrageous : the significance of the Common Reed (Phragmites australis) on water quality
We estimated the changes in the losses of particulate and dissolved phosphorus (P) after treating 93 ha of agricultural  fields with gypsum (4 t ha -1) in a 245 ha catchment in southern Finland. Runoff was monitored using online  sensors and manual sampling during one high-flow period before and six periods after the gypsum amendment.  Turbidity recorded by the sensors correlated with particulate P analysed in the laboratory, which enabled  the evaluation of changes in particulate P from the online data. Using a covariance model, gypsum amendment  was estimated to have reduced the loss of particulate P by 64%. The loss of dissolved reactive P appeared to decrease  by one third, but was estimated with less precision. No such changes were found during the same period  in a nearby "reference" catchment, where gypsum was not used. Gypsum did not affect soil test values for P, K, Mg  or Ca, but it did increase the ionic strength and soil test SO₄. In clayey catchments discharging into the sea, gypsum  may provide an efficient means to reduce P losses from field cultivation. The duration of the gypsum effect and  impact of SO₄ associated with gypsum amendment on the ecology of rivers and lakes has yet to be determined.
Eutrophication of shallow lakes: modeling and management : the Lake Balaton case study : proceedings of a workshop... 29 August - 3 September 1982, Veszprem, Hungary
The role of phosphorus as a regulator of bloom-forming diazotrophic cyanobacteria in the Baltic Sea
Role of resuspension and silicate in internal phosphorus loading
Eutrophication of coastal waters : coastal water quality management in the county of Funen, Denmark, 1976-1990
Essays in environmental and resource economics : economic problem solving for the naughties
Annual and seasonal changes in the algal vegetation and flora at Ruissalo, off Turku
Gypsum amendment of soils reduces phosphorus losses in an agricultural catchment
Prospects for cost-efficient water protection in the Baltic Sea
Tropical and Sub-Tropical Reservoir Limnology in China : theory and practice
The effects of eutrophication on alternative reproductive tactics in threespine stickleback
Hypertrophic ecosystems : S.I.L. Workshop on hypertrophic ecosystems held at Växjö, September 10-14, 1979
Potential and limitations of phosphate retention media in water protection : a process-based review of laboratory and field-scale tests
Hydrodynamics and water quality : modeling rivers, lakes, and estuaries
Nitrogen in soil water at five nitrogen-enriched forest sites in Sweden
Effect of diffuse and point source nutrient supply on the low diverse macrozoobenthic communities of the northern Baltic Sea
Novel methods for reducing agricultural nutrient loading and eutrophication : meeting of Cost 869 14-16 june, Jokioinen, Finland
Science and governance of the Baltic Sea : special issue
The effect of load reductions on algal biomass in the eastern Gulf of Finland estimated by the FINNALGA model
Active Wetlands : the use of chemical amendments to intercept phosphate runoffs in agricultural catchments : final report of the Active Wetlands Interreg IVA project
Trophic status and level of contamination of Lake Ladoga : analysis of current monitoring data
Macrozoobenthos structure in relation to environmental changes in the Archipelago Sea, northern Baltic Sea
Gypsum amendment as a means to reduce agricultural phosphorus loading : an economic appraisal
Mathematical modelling of the eutrophication in Lake Ladoga
Ca - Fe oxide granules as potential phosphate barrier material for critical source areas : a laboratory study of P retention and release
Diffuse load mitigation is a prevailing global challenge due to the eutrophication of water bodies. We report here long-term nutrient removal performance of two on-site sand filters (F1 and F2) in southwestern Finland, established in the 1990s. The sand filters were enhanced with a layer of phosphorus binding material Fosfilt-s, a side product of titanium dioxide production. The monitoring periods were 4.5 and 3.5years for F1 and F2, respectively. F1 only worked for some months due to blockage of the crushed stone layer. After renovation (1999), the filter worked for a year but then the Fosfilt-s layer clogged and the filter increased suspended solids (SS) and dissolved reactive phosphorus (DRP) loads by 36% and 19% on average, respectively. Total P (PTOT) load was not affected. The structure and performance of F2 were more successful due to a better water distribution system. On average, 61% ofthe inflowing suspended solids, 37% of the PTOT and 45% of the DRP were removed during the monitoring period. We conclude that these filter types have the potential to be further developed into useful tools for nutrient load reduction. Development work should be focused on the treatment of subsurface drainage waters with high concentrations of dissolved nutrients, in particular. Long term field data is needed, because laboratory tests cannot fully simulate natural circumstances.
The control of eutrophication of lakes and reservoirs
Spatially optimal steady state phosphorus policies in crop production
Central issues in Finnish marine research - the societal role of the Finnish Institute of Marine Research.
Trends in concentrations and export of nitrogen in boreal forest streams
Impact on the EU of SOx, NOx and primary PM2,5 emissions frpm shipping in the Mediterranean Sea : Summary of the findings of the Euro Delta Project
Macrozoobenthic zonation in relation to major environmental factors across the Archipelago Sea, northern Baltic Sea
Development of tools for assessment of eutrophication in the Baltic Sea
The 2002 oxygen depletion event in the Kattegat, Belt Sea and Western Baltic : thematic report
Adaptation is necessary for livelihoods : fisheries
Activities 2008 : overview
The value of seaweed as a nitrogen abatement measure
Alarming signs of eutrophication in Lake Pääjärvi
The Baltic Sea - our common treasure : economics of saving the sea
Lake Taihu, China : dynamics and environmental change
Cladocerans reflecting trophic state of large Estonian lakes Peipus and Võrtsjärv
Global International Waters Assessment. Regional assessment 47, East African Rift Valley Lakes
Quantity and composition of phytoplankton in Finnish inland waters
Eutrophication in the Baltic Sea from area-specific biological effects to interdisciplinary consequences
Time-scale patterns in submerged aquatic vegetation in Baltic and marine environments
Heterogeneous preferences for water quality attributes : the case of eutrophication of the Gulf of Finland, Baltic Sea
Opprtunistic settlers and the problem of the ctenophore Mnemiopsis leidyi invasion in the Black Sea
Patterns in diversity and function of benthic fauna in a coastal system under environmental change
Efficient management of eutrophic coastal zones : an application in the Stockholm archipelago
Eutrophication history of a small, pelotrophic lake, Rusutjärvi, Southern Finland
Marine eutrophication in perspective : on the relevance of ecology for environmental policy
Abstract: Economic Aspects of Baltic Sea Protection.
Animals to the shore - yes or no? : a guide to sustainable grazing on shore
Eutrophication: causes, consequences, correctives : proceedings of a symposium
Lake eutrophication studies in southern Finland employing diatom-based total phosphorus inference models and sedimentary phosphorus fractionations
The eutrophication and pollution of Lake Päijänne, central Finland
Empirical methods for predicting eutrophication in impoundments. Report 4, Phase 3: Applications manual
Agricultural phosphorus and water quality : sources, transport and management
Impacts of biomanipulation on lake ecosystem structure revealed by stable isotope analysis
Efficient multifunctional landscape management in the Hovran catchment, Dalarna, Sweden
The importance of allochthonus material among the components of organic matter in Lake Ladoga
Role of nutrients in regulation of the phytoplankton community in the Archipelago Sea, northern Baltic Sea
A guide to the restoration of nutrient-enriched shallow lakes
A rainfall simulation study on the relationships between soil test P versus dissolved and potentially bioavailable particulate phosphorus forms in runoff
The environment in the headlines : newspaper coverage of climate change and eutrophication in Finland
Coastal fish monitoring in Baltic reference areas 2000
Pelagic eutrophication and sedimentation in the Gulf of Riga
Patterns of aquatic macrophytes in the boreal region : implications for spatial scale issues and ecological assessment
Nutrient loading models for coastal waters
Eutrophication of Wybunbury Moss National Nature Reserve, Cheshire, U.K
Interpretation of changes caused by waste water loading on the basis of zoobenthos and sediment analyses in Lake Vanajavesi
Farmer compliance to nitrogen regulation in Poland : a game theoretic approach
Global International Waters Assessment. Regional assessment 30, Sea of Okhotsk
Respiratory adaptation of zoobenthos to access to oxygen and habitat structure in dimictic eutrophic lakes affecting vertical distribution
Recent and late Holocene development of the marine environment in three fjords on the Swedish west coast
Dynamic pollution control : time lags and optimal restoration of marine ecosystems
Phosphorus release and sediment geochemistry in a low-salinity water bay of the Gulf of Finland
Responses of epilithic diatom communities to environmental gradients in some Finnish rivers
Ecosystem services' change and vulnerability amid climate change : catchment areas and water bodies
Phosphorus : an element that could have been called Lucifer
Coastal fish monitoring in Baltic reference areas 1998
This study aimed to assess the ecological status of three urban ponds in the Tampere region by analysing their present condition in reference to previously conducted research as well as other reference criteria.  The main pond of interest was Sorsalampi, as it is presently in the focus of city development plans. The ecological condition of Hautalammi and Vaakkolammi was of interest as reference conditions and was determined simultaneously. The ponds were analysed during autumn/winter of 2009/10. The studied parameters include physiochemical elements, the nutrient level, as well as biological elements and sediment properties. The results of this study are in accordance with previously obtained results indicating that all three ponds are affected by urban and/or industrial pollution and are to a certain extent eutrophicated. According to the criteria of the Water Framework Directive of the European Union, the ecological status of Sorsalampi was estimated between “poor” and “bad”, whereas the status of Vaakkolammi was classified as “poor”. Hautalammi could not be classified.
Coping with complexity in Baltic Sea risk governance : special issue
Potential bioavailability of particulate phosphorus i runoff from arable clayey soils
Dynamically and spatially efficient phosphorus policies in crop production
Simulated effects of gypsum amendment on phosphorus losses from agricultural soils
The effect of increasing doses of meat and bone meal (MBM) on maize (Zea mays L.) grown for grain
This book starts with depiction of the phosphorus role in life creation and evolution. Then it outlines in which vital processes different phosphates participate in life of all flora and fauna, from DNA molecules till body tissues. Crucial function of phosphates was noticed long ago, but only in XIX century discovery of mineral fertilizers made it possible to sustain the needs of growing global population, thus initiating a green revolution. Though, for many decades after it, the complexity of interactions fertilizer-soil-plant roots was underrated, causing massive damages, such as soil destruction and eutrophication of waters. Still, mining of exhausting natural phosphate reserves continued worldwide. Lessons of what happened in XIX century due to scarcity of phosphates were ignored. In the meantime, production of phosphates reached its peak few years ago. Immediate implementation of phosphate recycling technologies from municipal wastes can help avoid imminent global disaster.
Eutrophication processes in coastal systems : origin and succession of plankton blooms and effects on secondary production in Gulf Coast estuaries
Displacement of phosphorus in structured soils
Activities 2009 : overview
The application of phosphorus (P)-sorbing materials offers a possible solution for treating municipal wastewater  and agricultural runoff. In this paper we discuss P retention and release mechanisms, and review studies on the P  retention of different materials and their use as reactive media in filter beds. The main mechanisms for P retention  are sorption on metal (mostly Fe or Al) hydroxide surfaces and, in alkaline conditions, the formation of Ca-P  precipitates. The retention of P is strongly affected by the chemical composition of a material, its particle size and  pH-related effects on sorption and precipitation both during testing and in practical operation. Laboratory tests  are sensitive to solution chemistry (pH, alkalinity, ionic strength and composition, P concentration) and affected by  material-to-solution ratio, contact time and agitation. Moreover, due to deviations from realistic field conditions,  laboratory tests may produce imprecise estimates of the retention capacity and retention kinetics. In particular,  materials that contain soluble substances (e.g., CaO) that elevate the pH of the ambient solution to high levels may  in batch tests suggest a high capacity for P retention, but will most probably show much lower retention in field  settings. On the other hand, materials containing metal oxides also retain P via slow reactions, and their retention  capacity may be underestimated in short equilibrations. Appropriate laboratory test procedures will depend  on their intended applications and material properties. Long-term field-scale tests are few in number, but some of  them have shown promising results. Field-scale tests have, however, highlighted the design of the filters as a critical  factor in their efficiency.
Eutrophication and hypoxia in the Baltic Sea coastal zone : two studies of long term data
Deternimation of the amount of nitrogen in cyanobacteria by Kjeldahl method
The Baltic waters around Finland : eutrophication continues despite decreased nutrient loading
Eutrophication of freshwaters : principles, problems and restoration
Interpreting marine benthic ecosystem functioning in coastal waters : validating the biological trait concept
Phosphate barriers may mitigate dissolved P losses from critical source areas. We studied P retention of industrially produced Ca - Fe oxide as potential P barrier material. In batch tests with 1 mg l⁻¹ P solution, P retention was 85% efficient in 5 min. In a flow-through system, the granule phosphate-retention capacity was 6 - 7 mg g⁻¹, being largely unaffected by pre-leaching. Phosphate release from P-saturated granules was pH-dependant and suggested P association with Fe oxides, and as Ca-phosphate precipitates. In a sequential extraction of P-saturated granules, about 25% of retained P was released, whereas a separate anaerobic incubation resulted in negligible release of P. Immersion of unleached, P-saturated granules for 16 days in a low-P-concentration lake resulted in more than 80% Ca loss, but no loss of metals, and about 25% loss of P accumulated earlier in granules. These granules are promising for P retention and merit a field-scale study.
Limnological deterioration forces community and phenotypic changes in Cladocera : tracking eutrophication of Mallusjärvi, a lake in southern Finland
Coastal fish monitoring in Baltic reference areas 1999
The present ecological state of Sortavala Bay and its surrounding areas, Northern Lake Ladoga : a case study of the TACIS project MAQREL (TSPF/0302/0033)
Late summer phytoplankon communities in the northern part of Lake Ladoga
Lake restoration and trophic interactions : is the classical food chain theory sufficient?
Possibilities to combat eutrophication through community-driven management practices in Bospoort Dam, South Africa
