http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11598 chronicles
chronicles
Two of the Saxon Chronicles : parallel with supplementary extracts from the others. Vol. 2, Introduction, notes, and index
Local and regional chronicles
Chronicle of the Third Crusade : a translation of the Itinerarium peregrinorum et gesta Regis Ricardi
Gesta Normannorum ducum of William of Jumièges, Orderic Vitalis, and Robert of Torigni. Vol. 1, Introduction and books I-IV
Past and Present in Medieval Chronicles
The Anglo-Saxon chronicle : a collaborative edition. Vol. 4, MS B : a semi-diplomatic edition with introduction and indices
Chronicles of the Crusades : eye-witness accounts of the wars between Christianity and Islam
The chronicle of Ibn al-Athīr for the crusading period from al-Kāmil fīʾl-taʾrīkh. Part 2, The years 541-589/1146-1193 : the age of Nur al-Din and Saladin
The Koguryŏ annals of the Samguk sagi
The prose Brut and other late medieval chronicles : books have their histories : essays in honour of Lister M. Matheson
Select bibliography
Ottonian Germany : the Chronicon of Thietmar of Merseburg
Holinshed's nation : ideals, memory, and practical policy in the Chronicles
Old English chronicles : including Ethelwerd's chronicle. Asser's life of Alfred. Geoffrey of Monmouth's British history. Gildas. Nennius. Together with The spurious chronicle of Richard of Cirencester
Nihongi : chronicles of Japan from the earliest times to a. d. 697
Textual histories : readings in the Anglo-Saxon chronicle
George Akropolites : The history : introduction, translation and commentary
The Oxford handbook of Holinshed's Chronicles
King Richard II
Gesta Normannorum ducum of William of Jumièges, Orderic Vitalis, and Robert of Torigni. Vol. 2, Books V-VIII
Heimskringla : history of the kings of Norway
Chronicle of the chinese emperors : the reign-by-reign record of the rulers of Imperial China
The Irish annals : their genesis, evolution, and history
Two of the Saxon Chronicles : parallel with supplementary extracts from the others. Vol. 1, Text, appendices and glossary
Innocent III and the praedicatio to the heathens on Livonia (1198-1204)
The Old Rus' Kievan and Galician-Volhynian chronicles : the Ostroz'kyj (Xlebnikov) and Četvertyns'kyj (Pogodin) codices = Starorus'kì kiïvs'kì ì Galic'ko-Volins'kì lìtopisi : Ostroz'kij spisok (Hlebnìkovs'kij) ì spisok Četvertins'kogo (Pogodìns'kij)
Scotichronicon. Vol. 4, Books VII and VIII
The chronicles of Rome : an edition of the Middle English Chronicle of popes and emperors and The Lollard chronicle
"First complete translation of detailed chronicle of medieval England, one of Shakespeare's most important sources"--Provided by publisher.
The medieval chronicle II : proceedings of the 2nd International Conference on the Medieval Chronicle, Driebergen/Utrecht 16-21 July 1999
Conquerors and chroniclers of early medieval Spain
The universal chronicle of Ranulf Higden
The Rolling Stones chronicle : the first four decades
Narrative and stylistic structures in the Chronicle of Leontios Machairas
Heimskringla, or the chronicle of the kings of Norway. Vol. 2
The Anglo-Saxon chronicle : a collaborative edition. Vol. 8, MS F : a semi-diplomatic edition with introduction and indices
Aslan in the Chronicles of Narnia as a representative of the Judeo-Christian God
The chronicle of Adam Usk, 1377-1421
A history of the early Korean kingdom of Paekche : together with an annotated translation of the Paekche annals of the Samguk sagi
In the early ninth century, George Synkellos, a monk of Constantinople set out to compose (in Greek) a universal chronicle beginning with the creation of the universe. Synkellos' death prevented him from seeing this ambitious project through to completion, and it fell to a fellow monk, Theophanes Confessor, to complete the narrative from the reign of the emperor Dicoletian up until his own day. The purpose of the chronicle, as Synkellos states on several occasions, was to confirm the orthodox dating of the incarnation of Christ at the completion of the 5500th year from the creation of the universe. In the course of demonstrating this point, Synkellos cites extensively from numerous histories and chronicles from Egypt and the Ancient Near East, some of which are unattested elsewhere. Since the author comments at length on his authorities and predecessors, his work is also a rich resource of information about the origins and development of early Christian chronography.
The Anglo-Saxon chronicle : a collaborative edition. Vol. 6, MS D : a semi-diplomatic edition with introduction and indices
The Anglo-Saxon chronicle : a collaborative edition. Vol. 10, The Abingdon chronicle, A.D. 956-1066 (MS. C, with reference to BDE) : a reconstructed edition with intoduction and indices
The chronicle of Alfonso X
Reaper man : a Discworld novel
Memoirs of the Crusades
Chronicles : the writing of history in medieval England
The chronicle of John of Worcester. Vol. 3, The annals from 1067 to 1140 with the Gloucester interpolations and the continuation to 1141
Scotichronicon. Vol. 9, Critical studies and general indexes
Collectively the Irish annals represents a substantial and important source for the history and culture of Ireland. These texts provide the primary witness for much of early medieval Irish history, and for many key events and persons up until c.1600.
Morkinskinna : the earliest Icelandic chronicle of the Norwegian kings (1030-1157)
Scotichronicon. Vol. 1, Books I and II
John Capgrave's Abbreuiacion of cronicles
Guide to the works of the twelfth-century chronicler Wace, setting him in historical and cultural context.
The chronicle of Marcellinus
Cosmas of Prague : narrative, classicism, politics
The Anglo-Saxon chronicles
The deeds of the bishops of England = : Gesta pontificum Anglorum
The St. Albans chronicle : the Chronica maiora of Thomas Walsingham. Vol. 2, 1394-1422
Pope Alexander III (1159-1181) and the Baltic crusades
Chronicles of the Vikings : records, memorials and myths
The Anglo-Saxon chronicle : a collaborative edition. Vol. 5, MS C : a semi-diplomatic edition with introduction and indices
The history of the Danes : books I-IX. Vol.2, Commentary
The chronicle and historical notes of Bernard Itier
The chronicles of John Cannon, excise officer and writing master. Part 2, 1734-43 (Somerset)
The Anglo-Saxon chronicle
Gesta Francorum et aliorum Hierosolymitanorum = The deeds of the Franks and the other pilgrims to Jerusalem
Count Marcellinus and his chronicle
The Winchcombe and Coventry chronicles : hitherto unnoticed witnesses to the work of John of Worcester
The Arthurian material in the chronicles, especially those of Great Britain and France
The history of the Danes. 1, English text
Chronicon Paschale 284-628 AD
Heimskringla, or the chronicle of the kings of Norway. Vol. 1
The chronicle of Ibn Al-Athir for the crusading period from Al-Kāmil fī'l-ta'rīkh. 1, The years 491-541/1097-1146: the coming of the Franks and the Muslim response
The chronicle of Ibn al-Athīr for the crusading period from from al-Kāmil fīʾl-taʾrīkh. Part 3, The years 589-629/1193-1231 : the Ayyūbids after Saladin and the Mongol Menace
Two of the Saxon chronicles : parallel with supplementary extracts from the others. Vol. 2, Introduction, notes, and index
The chronicle of John of Worcester. Vol. 2, The annals from 450 to 1066
Late monasticism and the Reformation
The fall of Nineveh : the newly discovered Babylonian chronicle no. 21,901 in the British Museum
How to present a world apart : finding a ratio in introducing the medieval North and publishing the Chronicon livoniae of Henry of Latvia
Scotichronicon. Vol. 7, Books XIII and XIV
The Kaiserchronik : a medieval narrative
The cult of St Edmund in the eleventh and twelfth centuries : the language and communication of a medieval saint's cult
Women and their lives as portrayed in the writings of Anglo-Saxon England and Medieval Iceland
The Medieval chronicle V
For the love of the Royal Family : a companion
Two of the Saxon chronicles : parallel with supplementary extracts from the others. Vol. 1, Text, appendices and glossary
The chronicle of the island of Ceylon : or the Dipavamsa : a historical poem of the 4th century A.D
Families of the king : writing identity in the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle
The Peterborough version of the Anglo-Saxon chronicle : rewriting post-conquest history
King Henry V
Reading the Anglo-Saxon chronicle : language, literature, history
The Chronica maiora of Thomas Walsingham, 1376-1422
The St Albans chronicle : The Chronica Maiora of Thomas Walsingham. 1, 1376-1394
The Swahili chronicle of Ngazija
Summary.
Exile in colonial Asia : kings, convicts, commemoration
The matter of kings' lives : the design of past and present in the early fourteenth-century verse chronicles by Pierre de Langtoft and Robert Mannyng
The fall of the Byzantine Empire : a chronicle
Ancient kings of Peru : the reliability of the Chronicle of Fernando de Montesinos : correlating the dynasty lists with current prehistoric periodization in the Andes
The chronography of George Synkellos : a byzantine chronicle of universal history from the creation
History and chronicles in late medieval Iberia : representations of Wamba in late medieval narrative histories
The Medieval chronicle III : proceedings of the 3rd International Conference on the Medieval Chronicle, Doorn/Utrecht 12-17 July 2002
Altan Tobči : a brief history of the Mongols
Citizens : a chronicle of the French revolution
Chronicon : medieval narrative sources : a chronological guide with introductory essays
Chronicles of the crusades
Mission and submission : societal change in the Baltic in the thirteenth century
The registers and persuasive powers of an Indonesian village chronicle
The medieval chronicle : proceedings of the 1st International Conference on the Medieval Chronicle
Knighton's Chronicle 1337-1396
A companion to Wace
Scotichronicon. Vol. 3, Books V and VI
Saxo Grammaticus. Volume 1, Gesta Danorum : The History of the Danes
Two of the Saxon Chronicles : parallel with supplementary extracts from the others
Gesta Francorum et aliorum Hicrosolimitanorum = The deeds of the Franks and the other pilgrims to Jerusalem
The Russian chronicles : a thousand years that changed the world
The Silla annals of the Samguk sagi
An anonymous short English metrical chronicle
Jazz milestones : pictorical chronicle of jazz 1900-90
Chronicle of Hainaut
The history of the kings of Britain
The chronicle of duke Erik : a verse epic from medieval Sweden
The deeds of Count Roger of Calabria and Sicily and of his brother Duke Robert Guiscard
The histories of chronicles composed in England during the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries and onwards, with a focus on texts belonging to or engaging with the 'Prose Brut' tradition, are the focus of this volume. The contributors examine the composition, dissemination and reception of historical texts written in Anglo-Norman, Latin and English, including the 'Prose Brut chronicle' (c. 1300 and later), 'Castleford's Chronicle' (c. 1327), and Nicholas Trevet's 'Les Cronicles' (c. 1334), looking at questions of the processes of writing, rewriting, printing and editing history. They cross traditional boundaries of subject and period, taking multi-disciplinary approaches to their studies in order to underscore the (shifting) historical, social and political contexts in which medieval English chronicles were used and read from the fourteenth century through to the present day. As such, the volume honours the pioneering work of the late Professor Lister M. Matheson, whose research in this area demonstrated that a full understanding of medieval historical literature demands attention to both the content of the works in question and to the material circumstances of producing those works.
The prose Brut : the development of a Middle English chronicle
The Russian Primary chronicle
The Medieval chronicle IV
Annals of the parish and The Ayrshire legatees
This edition is a full-scale study of John Cannon and his chronicles. Known to some as 'the poor man's Pepys', Cannon wrote a remarkably candid autobiography during a crucial period of change in British history.
Saxo Grammaticus. Volume 2, Gesta Danorum : The History of the Danes
Authority and gender in medieval and Renaissance chronicles
The chronicle of John Malalas
The deeds of the Franks and other Jerusalem-bound pilgrims : the earliest chronicle of the first crusades
Saints' lives and chronicles in early England : together with first English translations of The oldest life of Pope St. Gregory the Great by a monk of Whitby and The life of St. Guthlac of Crowland by Felix
The genesis of a crusade chronicle in the early twelfth century
The chronicles of John Cannon, excise officer and writing master. Part 1, 1684-1733 (Somerset, Oxfordshire, Berkshire)
