http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11543 good practice
good practice
Enough
Risk management in the outdoors : a whole-of-organisation approach for education, sport and recreation
The first ever global history of luxury, from Roman villas to Russian oligarchs: a sparkling story of novelty, excess, extravagance, and indulgence through the centuries.
Predictability of proceedings in international commercial arbitration: and is there a nordic way?
Hygge : a celebration of simple pleasures : living the Danish way
Philanthro-capitalism : how giving can save the world
Municipalities and Europeanized networks
Virtual light
Matters of taste? : conceptions of good and bad taste in focus groups with Swedish-speaking Finns
Julkishallinnon hyvä tilintarkastustapa = God revisionssed inom offentlig förvaltning = Good auditing practice in the public administration
Living rich for less money : create the lifestyle you want by giving, saving, and spending smart
The little book of hygge : the Danish way to live well
More or less : choosing a lifestyle of excessive generosity
Philanthro-capitalism : how the rich can save the world
Abstract.
Women, food, and desire : embrace your cravings, make peace with food, reclaim your body
A Host state regulatory right in Fair and Equitable Treatment (FET) in Bilateral Investment Treaties (BITs)
Constructing the new consumer society
Good governance in Europe's integrated market
The virtues of the table : how to eat and think
The tastemakers
The sociology of taste
Teenagers in Estonia : values and behaviour
Enjoyment : the moral significance of styles of life
The how of happiness : a scientific approach to getting the life you want
Organisation and practices of tobacco cessation services.
The ideal of the good life : as crystallized by Tanzanian Meru proverbs
Finnish children's and youth books. 10
Principles of proper conduct for supranational, state and private actors in the European Union : towards a Ius Commune : essays in honour of Walter van Gerven
Luxury : a rich history
Women, food and desire : embrace your cravings, make peace with food, reclaim your body
For philanthropists of the past, charity was often a matter of simply giving money away. For the philanthrocapitalists-the new generation of billionaires who are reshaping the way they give-it's like business. Largely trained in the corporate world, these "social investors" are using big-business-style strategies and expecting results and accountability to match. Bill Gates, the world's richest man, is leading the way: he has promised his entire fortune to finding a cure for the diseases that kill millions of children in the poorest countries in the world. In Philanthrocapitalism, Matthew Bishop and Michael Green examine this new movement and its implications. Proceeding from interviews with some of the most powerful people on the planet-including Gates, Bill Clinton, Warren Buffett, Oprah Winfrey, and Bono, among others-they show how a web of wealthy, motivated donors has set out to change the world.
Good governance and prospects for local institutional stability in the enlarged European Union and the new markets
Drawing conclusions
