http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11582 weather service
weather service
Intelligent road : road user survey report : insights from Finnish Lapland
Assessment of the impact of MLS implementation on Cat. II/III runways' capacity in low visibility conditions
Watching the weather on Finland's fells
Aerodrome reports and forecasts : a users' handbook to the codes
Exploring the transport system under technological change : market, business ecosystem and business model viewpoints
Guide to practices for meteorological offices serving aviation
Yield optimisation of milled peat using weather forecasts
Weather : air/ground exchange of weather information
The Avalanche handbook
Land uplift and sea level variability spectrum using fully measured monthly means of tide gauge readings
The Finnish Defense Forces (FDF) is developing a ballistic weather service in a manner where the NATO used meteorological general message (METGM) could be used as part of it. In the new system, the ballistic calculator can exploit future weather information which is already in advance transmitted via METGM, instead of present weather information like still used today. The Finnish Meteorological Institution can produce weather information used in the METGM message. The FDF has received software applications that NATO S4 working group is responsible for, one of which is the Meteorological Manager application METM. The METM uses also METGM weather messages. The FDF has taken into use a new architectural description method PVTAK2. The method is based on the NATO NAF and it is an architecture framework. In this thesis work, the architecture descriptions are based on PVTAK2 and they are used in application development. The descriptions are also required when auditing the developed applications in order to get the permission to continue the work. The ballistic weather information has to be always available when needed. It is possible only if the means of transmitting information exist, i.e. how to deliver the needed information to those who need it. In this thesis work, a data transmission solution was created ensure the weather information can be used. In this thesis, enterprise architectures and architectural frameworks were studied and they were taken into use in the implementation of the work.  As a result of this work, architectural descriptions of the ballistic weather calculator were created, alongside a theoretical model on how to implement the data transmission solution. There are two versions of the thesis, this is the public version.
Aviation weather and weather services
Cold comfort
The development of weather services for Finnish sea areas : extracts from the final report (January 1986)
RYA weather handbook
SWS02Suunto : Suunto water sports - 2002
Third International Road Weather Conference : Tampere, Finland 24th February 1986.
Proceedings of the ECMWF Workshop on Assimilation of High Spectral Resolution Sounders in NWP, June 28-July 1, 2004.
Guide on meteorological observation and information distribution systems at aerodromes
Weather forecasts for all seasons : this summer also for merchant shipping
Highway meteorology
Attention all shipping : a journey round the shipping forecast
International contact means the most to Josefine (13 years) in the O-Dinghy World Championship
Ocean passages for the world
A rain warning system for peat production using radar technology
Requirement/benefit definition study leading to 4-D meteorological information databases linked across Europe : 4MIDABLE
Curtailing usage of de-icing agents in winter maintenance : report prepared by an OECD Scientific Expert Group
Analysis of user trends and behavior in online and mobile weather and climate services
Air riders' weather
Aerology for pilots
"This booklet is a simple guide to the aeronautical meteorological codes, METAR, SPECI and TAF as of 1 July 1993."
Marine weather forecasts
Architecture and communications of ballistic weather calculators
Transport systems are continuously evolving. A modern transport system needs to be sustainable socially, economically and environmentally. In recent decades, technological development, especially in information and communication technology, has affected today's transport systems. Three different cases are explored in this dissertation: intelligent transport systems in general, electromobility systems, and road weather and maintenance systems. Intelligent transport systems encompass a broad range of information and communication technologies that improve the safety, efficiency and performance of the transportation system. In addition to intelligent transport systems, electric vehicle systems have emerged because of increasing environmental concerns as well as oil depletion issues. Furthermore, the road weather and maintenance system is an interesting case especially in latitudes with severe weather. Despite vast amounts of recent research on the aforementioned topics, most previous studies have focused on the technical side, such as developing, prototyping and testing the technologies, whereas only a few studies have focused on the business aspects. Therefore, this dissertation aims to enrich the analysis of the emerging transportation sector under technological change from the business perspective and to provide new insights for future research. The purpose of this study is to explore the emerging transportation sector from several viewpoints by conducting empirical case studies. The cases covered are analysed through the perspectives of markets, business ecosystems and business models. The geographical scope of the research is mainly limited to Finland, especially its intelligent transport systems and road weather maintenance infrastructure. The global perspective is adopted in the case of electric vehicles. The nature of this research is qualitative, and inductive reasoning is applied. The research examines the characteristics of the market, business ecosystem, and business models that emerge transport systems under technological change. Furthermore, based on the findings of the case studies, a holistic framework model is developed to understand the technological system by integrating the viewpoints of markets, business ecosystems and business models
Benefits of meteorological services in Croatia
Development, implementation and evaluation of an architecture for vehicle-to-vehicle and vehicle-to-infrastructure networking
The pilot's guide to weather reports, forecasts & flight planning
The weather channel : the improbable rise of a media phenomen
Agrometeorology : 2nd International Cesena Agricultura Conference, Cesena, 8-9 October 1987
The Finnida/WMO meteorology development project for SADCC countries : phase 1 (1987-1988) : report of the evaluation mission : August 1989
Risk management in the outdoors : a whole-of-organisation approach for education, sport and recreation
Weather satellites : systems, data, and environmental applications
Vehicular networking road weather information system tailored for arctic winter conditions
High-tech applications in traffic and road management systems
