http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11597 biographies
biographies
Memoirs of Matti Hopia : 1948-1951 : Part 1/3
Silence is golden : "a deaf child is a  normal child who cannot hear"
Take six girls : the lives of the Mitford sisters
Lady Catherine and the real Downton Abbey
Unleashed : The Story of Tool
Mistress of science : the story of the remarkable Janet Taylor, pioneer of sea navigation
Jamie McLennan spent twenty years playing professional hockey. Sort of. As the backup for such legendary goalies as Grant Fuhr, Ron Hextall, Roberto Luongo, and Miikka Kiprusoff, he saw everything—except much playing time. In The Best Seat in the House, McLennan looks back on his unique career, from breaking into the NHL, to working with the legends, to life on the road and in the league, offering readers an unprecedented glimpse into life inside the locker room.
Victoria - the Queen : an intimate biography of the woman who ruled an empire
Fred & Rose : the full story of Fred and Rose West and the Gloucester house of horrors
The best seat in the house : stories from the NHL, inside the room, on the ice and on the bench
The life of Syr Thomas More : sometymes Lord Chancellor of England by Ro. Ba
The Jerusalem syndrome : my life as a reluctant messiah
A political life in Ming China : a grand secretary and his times
Five thousand personalities of the world
Martha E. Rogers : her life and her work
The Macmillan dictionary of women's biography
Oriental essays : portraits of seven scholars
Tupac Shakur : the life and times of an American icon
Shall I Say a Kiss? : the Courtship Letters of a Deaf Couple 1936-1938
Hero : the life and legend of Lawrence of Arabia
Memoirs of Matti Hopia : 1948-1951 : Part 2/3
The making of Donald Trump
August and Marie Krogh : lives in science
Collective life stories : shared and embodied memories in teaching
Hilary and Jackie
This fascinating history uncovers the hidden political world of Ming China, exploring how the most powerful man in mid-sixteenth-century China steered the empire through the worst crises it had ever faced. Distinguished scholar John W. Dardess traces how Chief Grand Secretary Xu Jie rose to power and successfully shepherded the Ming empire through the destructive mid-sixteenth-century raids along its continental and maritime frontiers. He also shows how Xu Jie used the new Confucian thinking of the Wang Yangming school to build a political following, suppress bureaucratic corruption, and liberalize bureaucratic procedures. Drawing on years of research, Dardess uses Xu's hundreds of letters to officials and records of talks with the emperors he served to tell this long-neglected story in rich and engrossing detail.
"International supermodel Cindy Crawford chronicles her life and career, sharing stories and lessons learned, and featuring her most memorable images. Cindy Crawford was the cornerstone of the golden age of the supermodel in the 1990s. She blazed a trail during that decade, seamlessly moving between the runway to unconventional outlets, such as cutting-edge MTV, Super Bowl commercials, and even Playboy magazine. On the eve of her fiftieth birthday, Crawford looks back, photo shoot by photo shoot, on a remarkable career and various life lessons she absorbed. She discusses her earliest modeling years and learning how to become less self-conscious in front of a camera; trusting her own instincts about creating positive messages about a healthy and strong body image that she knew would reach women of all ages; her feelings about becoming a wife and a mother; and her thoughts about turning fifty and what she would tell her younger self if she had the chance. The photographs span her entire career, beginning from the mid 1980s, and feature unpublished images from Crawford's personal archive in addition to images by every top name in fashion photography, including Annie Leibovitz, Arthur Elgort, Helmut Newton, Herb Ritts, Irving Penn, Patrick Demarchelier, and Richard Avedon, among others"--Publisher's description.
Constructing socio-cultural belonging in narrative and questionnaire data
Glorious misadventures : Nikolai Rezanov and the dream of Russian America
True north : a memoir
Trump : the art of the deal
The story of my life
Researching life stories : method, theory and analyses in a biographical age
Unrelated kin : race and gender in women's personal narratives
The man who loved only numbers : the story of Paul Erdos and the search for mathematical truth
The company I kept : the autobiography of a geologist
Monster : the autobiography of an L.A. gang member
Arthur James Wilson Otherwise Faed 1858-1945 : III : Notable Deaf Persons
Women in political theory
Grant Fuhr : the story of a hockey legend
Literary biography : the Alexander lectures 1955-56
Belonging : a culture of place
Universal man : the lives of John Maynard Keynes
The life and times of Little Richard
Random family : love, drugs, trouble, and coming of age in the Bronx
Alexander the Great : journey to the end of the earth
Alexander Hamilton
The enthusiastic response to the Dictionary has prompted this second substantially enlarged, revised and updated edition. It now contains essential details of the lives of over 2000 women from all periods, cultures and walks of life - from queens to cooks, engineers to entertainers, pilots to poisoners. The new entries include women who have hit the headlines in the past five years - from Cory Aquino to Madonna - but the historical coverage has also been broadened in response to new research and a special new feature is the extended treatment of women from Third World countries. With subsections for further reading, comprehensive subject index and bibliographical survey, the Macmillan Dictionary of Women's Biography is an invaluable reference source - and a fascinating bed-time read.
Aristotle
Empress of fashion : a life of Diana Vreeland
La biographie antique : huit exposés suivis de discussions par Stefan M. Maul, Edda Bresciani, Walter Berschin, Mary Bread, Albrecht Dihle, Luigi Piccirilli, Glen W.Bowersock, Richard Goulet
A delicate shade of pink : the lives of Hella Wuolijoki and Salme Dutt in the service of revolution
I'll never write my memoirs
Into the wild
Sharon Tate and the Manson murders
Life of William Allen, with selections from his correspondence. 1-3
Shadows of the pomegranate tree
The day gone by : an autobiography
The profession of violence : the rise and fall of the Kray twins
The Routledge international handbook on narrative and life history
Dark days : a memoir
God's wolf : the life of the most notorious of all crusaders, Reynald de Chatillon
Twenty novelists
A Chinese biographical dictionary = Zhongguo renming da zidian
The seductions of biography
Saint Joan of Arc : born January 6th 1412, burned as a heretic May 30th 1431, canonized as a saint May 16th 1920
Dictionary of American biography
"The in-depth biography of Angela Merkel, using exclusive new sources and research to tell how the daughter of a clergyman from East Germany rose to become one of the most powerful women in the world"--NoveList.
Revealing the love, heartbreak, and reality behind reality television, a former "Bachelor" contestant who quickly became the biggest villain in the history of the show, dishes on her fellow contestants and what really happened on and off the cameras.
Becoming
One of your own : the life and death of Myra Hindley
H is for hawk
Capote : a biography
Celestial revolutionary : Copernicus, the man and his universe
St. Nadie in winter : Zen encounters with loneliness
The devil's diary : Alfred Rosenberg and the stolen secrets of the Third Reich
International book of honor
The Russian revolution in 1917 and ensuing civil war caused a massive exodus of upper class, intelligentsia, and military families from Russia. The author's parents were part of that exodus, having stayed on until the very end of the Russian Civil War during which the author's father, Major General Paul Petroff, played an important role in the struggle against the Bolsheviks. They lived in northern China, Shanghai, Japan, and, after years of wandering, arrived in California where they became U.S. citizens and part of the American establishment. As you leaf through the memoir, you will find that the family witnessed the War of the Chinese Warlords, the militarization of Japan where the author's father had a law suit against the government for the recovery of gold bullion deposited by him for safekeeping with the Japanese Military Mission in 1920, the air raids over Tokyo, post-war American politics, the Cold War, the difficult years of the Vietnam War debate, and the Iraq War. Carefully documented from family archival materials, the memoir is a richly woven account of an odyssey that spanned eighty-five years of the author's life, from Harbin, China to the San Francisco Bay Area in California.
Who's who of Indian musicians
M train
All the things you are : the life of Tony Bennett
Careless whispers : the life & career of George Michael
Empty mansions : the mysterious life of Huguette Clark and the spending of a great American fortune
Life at My Fingertips
Fisher comes clean (well, sort of) with the crazy truth that is her life, in her first-ever memoir.
What's that pig outdoors?
Confessions of a citygirl : The old men have lost it. The city boys have blown it. Here comes the girl
In 2010, a parcel bomb was sent from Yemen by an al-Qaeda operative with the intention of blowing up a plane over America. The device was intercepted before the plan could be put into action, but what puzzled investigators was the name of the person to whom the parcel was addressed: Reynald de Chatillon - a man who died 800 years ago. But who was he and why was he chosen above all others? Born in twelfth-century France and bred for violence, Reynald de Chatillon was a young knight who joined the Second Crusade and rose through the ranks to become the pre-eminent figure in the Crusader Kingdom of Jerusalem - and one of the most reviled characters in Islamic history. In the West, Reynald has long been considered a minor player in the Crusades and is often dismissed as having been a bloodthirsty maniac. Tales of his elaborate torture of prisoners and his pursuit of reckless wars against friends and foe alike have coloured Reynald's reputation. However, by using contemporary documents and original research, Jeffrey Lee overturns this popular perception and reveals him to be an influential and powerful leader, whose actions in the Middle East had a far-reaching impact that endures to this day. In telling his epic story, God's Wolf not only restores Reynald to his rightful position in history but also highlights how the legacy of the Crusades is still very much alive.
Shackleton : By Endurance We Conquer
The hidden Russia : my ten years as a slave laborer
Arranged chronologically, this selection of 100 profiles reveals how much women have done to shape history. Beginning with Queen Makare Hatshepsut (c. 1503-1468 B.C.) and concluding with Rigoberta Menchu, still actively involved in human rights issues, the concisely written profiles span history and place each woman's accomplishments within the context of the society in which she lived. As a bonus for readers who enjoy trivia and challenges, Rolka includes a trivia quiz and a list of related projects. A time line, locator maps, cross-references, and an index are planned. With those promised additions, the book, while not inclusive, will be a must for women's history collections.
Everything you ever wanted : a memoir
Deaf lives : deaf people in history
Last man standing : tales from Tinseltown
"In 2012, after the overthrow of Qaddafi, the acclaimed novelist Hisham Matar journeys to his native Libya after an absence of thirty years. When he was twelve, Matar and his family went into political exile. Eight years later Matar's father, a former diplomat and military man turned brave political dissident, was kidnapped from the streets of Cairo by the Libyan government and is believed to have been held in the regime's most notorious prison. Now, the prisons are empty and little hope remains that Jaballah Matar will be found alive. Yet, as the author writes, hope is "persistent and cunning." This book is a profoundly moving family memoir, a brilliant and affecting portrait of a country and a people on the cusp of immense change, and a disturbing and timeless depiction of the monstrous nature of absolute power"--
When in French : love in a second language
The missionary lives : a study in Canadian missionary biography and autobiography
The international dictionary of women's biography
The folded clock : a diary
Three revolutionary architects: Boullée, Ledoux, and Lequeu
Pep Guardiola : another way of thinking
In 2015 Time magazine named German Chancellor Angela Merkel as its Person of the Year, leaving little doubt that the woman who has held control of the European Union and successfully negotiated with Russian President Vladimir Putin is one of the most crucial and formidable fixtures in contemporary politics. This book is the story of the political titan's ascent from complete obscurity to become one of the most influential leaders in the world, responsible for making Germany more liberal and prosperous than it has ever been. Matthew Qvortrup weaves together Merkel's personal story with the vivid history of post-World War II Germany, combining his years of experience as a political commentator and journalist with his unique access to groundbreaking materials on Merkel--his research relies on original German sources and archives that have never been made available in English. This definitive biography follows Angela Merkel from her bleak childhood in East Germany through her meteoric rise to prominence and power, and includes up-to-date information on recent pressing concerns, such as the current refugee crisis. Offering an unprecedented look at how Merkel's inimitable personality and perspective allowed her and her staff of mostly female advisors to repeatedly outmaneuver a network of conservative male politicians, this book is essential reading for anyone interested in politics and current affairs, or simply in the story of a truly remarkable woman--Adapted from dust jacket.
The snowball : Warren Buffett and the business of life
I want to be a mathematician
American sniper : the autobiography of the most lethal sniper in U.S. military history
John William Lowe 1804-1876 : II : Notable Deaf Persons
Princesses behaving badly : real stories from history - without the fairy-tale endings
Garcia de Orta's Colloquies on the Simples and Drugs of India (1563) was one of the first books to take advantage of the close relationship between medicine, trade and empire in the early modern period. The book was printed in Goa, the capital of the Portuguese empire in the East, and the city where the author, a Portuguese physician of Jewish ancestry, lived for almost thirty years. It presents a vast array of medical information on various drugs, spices, plants, fruits and minerals native to India or adjoining territories. In addition, it includes information concerning indigenous methods of healing as well as a far-reaching assessment of ancient and modern authors on Asian materia medica. Orta's book had a market in Asia but was particularly valuable to a European audience. It soon attracted the attention of various European authors and printers by providing the basis for adaptations, commentaries and editions in various languages, prompting a successful and complex trail of medical knowledge in transit. Authored by an interdisciplinary team of prominent international scholars, the volume takes into account recent historiographical trends and provides a contextualized and innovative analysis of the histories and reception of the Colloquies. It emphasizes the value of the work to historians today as a symbol of the impact of geographical expansion and globalization in a sixteenth-century medical world.
The first comprehensive biography of Sharon Tate: Hollywood star, wife of Roman Polanski, victim of Charles Manson, and symbol of the death of the 1960s.
Free love and anarchism : the biography of Ezra Heywood
Gordie : a hockey legend : an unauthorized biography of Gordie Howe
David Bowie : a biography
Amateurs in Eden : the story of a bohemian marriage : Nancy and Lawrence Durrell
Martha Graham : a biography
Journeyman : the many triumphs (and even more numerous defeats) of a guy who's seen just about everything in the game of hockey
Selected letters of Mary Antin
Neil Patrick Harris : choose your own autobiography
J. R. R. Tolkien : the making of a legend
12 years a slave
International who's who of professional and business women
You can't touch my hair and other things I still have to explain
Year of yes : how to dance it out, stand in the sun and be your own person
John Le Carré : the biography
Borderlines : autobiography and fiction in postmodern life writing
Oleta pyöreä tuoli : Eero Aarnion 60-luku = Assume a round chair : Eero Aarnio and the 60's
Vice : Dick Cheney and the hijacking of the American presidency
Alone in a spartan black cockpit, test pilot Mike Melvill rocketed towards space. He had eighty seconds to exceed the speed of sound and begin the climb to a target no civilian pilot had ever reached. He might not make it back alive. If he did, he would make history as the world's first commercial astronaut. The spectacle defied reason, the result of a competition dreamed up by entrepreneur Peter Diamandis, whose vision for a new race to space required small teams to do what only the world's largest governments had done before...From the age of eight, when he watched Apollo 11 land on the Moon, Diamandis's singular goal was to get to space. When he realized NASA was winding down manned space flight, he set out on one of the great entrepreneurial adventure stories of our time. If the government wouldn't send him to space, he would create a private space flight industry himself. In the 1990s, this idea was the stuff of science fiction. Undaunted, Diamandis found inspiration in the golden age of aviation. He discovered that Charles Lindbergh made his transatlantic flight to win a 25,000 dollar prize. The flight made Lindbergh the most famous man on earth and galvanized the airline industry. Why, Diamandis thought, couldn't the same be done for space flight? The story of the bullet-shaped SpaceShipOne, and the other teams in the hunt for a 10 million dollar prize, is an extraordinary tale of making the impossible possible. In the end, as Diamandis dreamed, the result wasn't just a victory for one team; it was the foundation for a new industry.
A mortal flower : China autobiography, history
Kone's prince : the colorful life of Pekka Herlin
A language barrier is no match for love. Lauren Collins discovered this firsthand when, in her early thirties, she moved to London and fell for a Frenchman named Olivier--a surprising turn of events for someone who didn't have a passport until she was in college. But what does it mean to love someone in a second language? Collins wonders, as her relationship with Olivier continues to grow entirely in English. Are there things she doesn't understand about Olivier, having never spoken to him in his native tongue? Does "I love you" even mean the same thing as "je t'aime"? When the couple, newly married, relocates to Francophone Geneva, Collins--fearful of one day becoming "a Borat of a mother" who doesn't understand her own kids--decides to answer her questions for herself by learning French.  When in Frenchis a laugh-out-loud funny and surprising memoir about the lengths we go to for love, as well as an exploration across culture and history into how we learn languages--and what they say about who we are. Collins grapples with the complexities of the French language, enduring excruciating role-playing games with her classmates at a Swiss language school and accidently telling her mother-in-law that she's given birth to a coffee machine. In learning French, Collins must wrestle with the very nature of French identity and society--which, it turns out, is a far cry from life back home in North Carolina. Plumbing the mysterious depths of humanity's many forms of language, Collins describes with great style and wicked humor the frustrations, embarrassments, surprises, and, finally, joys of learning--and living in--French -
The autobiographical ana of Robley Dunglison, M.D
Revealing Rowan
Margaret Thatcher : the iron lady
Helen Keller's triumph over her blindness and deafness has become one of the most inspiring and well-known stories of our time. Through movies and plays, most notably The Miracle Worker, which portrayed her relationship with her teacher, Anne Sullivan, Keller's life has become an emblem of hope for people everywhere. Here, in a book first published when she was a young woman, is Helen Keller's own story - complex, poignant, and filled with love. With unforgettable immediacy, Helen's own words offer an unique look directly into the heart of an exceptional woman and reveal her struggles and joys, including that memorable moment when she finally understands that Anne's fingerspelled letters w-a-t-e-r mean the cold fluid rushing over her hand. HK was always a compassionate and witty advocate for the handicapped, and her sincere and eloquent memoir is deeply moving for the sighted and the blind, the deaf and the hearing, the young and the old...and truly marvelous reading for all. This Signed Classic edition includes a fascimile of the braille alphabet, a sign-language alphabet a full selection of Helen Keller's letters, and a new introduction by Jim Knipfel.
Emeril! : inside the amazing success of today's most popular chef
Logical dilemmas : the life and work of Kurt Gödel
Biographical dictionary of modern peace leaders
Home is where the wind blows : chapters from a cosmologist's life
Arik : the life of Ariel Sharon
Current biography
Medicine, Trade and Empire : Garcia de Orta's colloquies on the simples and drugs of India (1563) in context
The lone samurai : the life of Miyamoto Musashi
No one knows : The Queens of the Stone Age Story
The man who knew : the life and times of Alan Greenspan
Current biography yearbook
Good to go : the life and times of a decorated member of the U.S. Navy's elite SEAL Team Two
Bowie on Bowie : interviews and encounters with David Bowie
The Golden Jet
I didn't come here to make friends : confessions of a reality show villain
By the time he retired, Brad Park had surpassed the great Bobby Orr in career assists by a defenseman. Inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame the first year he was eligible, and later named one of the Top 100 NHL players of all time by The Hockey News, Park will forever be remembered as one of the greatest men ever to take the ice. The first and only authorized biography of Park's life and career, Straight Shooter: The Brad Park Story, delves deeper into his legendary success than any book has before, bringing together exclusive, candid insights from Park himself, as well as interviews with dozens of players, family members, and key figures from the hockey world. Covering Park's early years growing up in Toronto, to his first exposure to the NHL with the New York Rangers and his stellar performance with the Boston Bruins, through the twilight of his career and retirement, the book examines every aspect of his remarkable life in unprecedented detail. Giving hockey fans a full, frank look at the career of an NHL legend—including the challenges Park faced in his personal life, including caring for his physically handicapped son—Straight Shooter is a fascinating look at one of the game's true greats. - Covers Park's life in detail, from his time with the Rangers and Bruins to his experiences with Team Canada in the 1972 Summit Series.
Answering the call : the doctor who made Africa his life : the remarkable life of Albert Schweitzer
A passion for nature : the life of John Muir
MJ : the genius of Michael Jackson
Tove Jansson : life, art, words : the authorised biography / Boel Westin ; translated by Silvester Mazzarella
Paavo Nurmi : Flying Finn - a lifetime in one hour
Paid for : my journey through prostitution
Tellervo Krogerus: Sanottu, tehty. Matti Kuusen elämä 1914-1998 = [Said. Done. The lif of Matti Kuusi, 1914-1988]
God save the kinks : A Biography
"Mountains Beyond Mountains" takes us from Harvard to Haiti, Peru, Cuba and Russia, as the charismatic but flawed genius Dr Paul Farmer challenges widely-held preconceptions about poverty and healthcare. As a medical student, Farmer found his life's calling: to cure infectious diseases and to bring the lifesaving tools of modern medicine - so readily available in the developed world - to those who need them most. Beginning in Haiti, he tackles the conditions that contribute to so many unnecessary deaths with his trademark combination of world-class expertise, unlimited compassion, and the unstinting dedication of friends and colleagues. Tracy Kidder's magnificent and moving account shows how, from achieving this modest dream, one person can make a difference in solving global problems through a clear-eyed understanding of the interaction of politics, wealth, social systems and medicine.
Heaven and hell : my life in the Eagles (1974-2001)
Labyrinths : Emma Jung, her marriage to Carl and the early years of psychoanalysis
The spiral cage : diary of an astral cypsy
Gregor Tassie describes Nikolay Myaskovsky as "one of the great enigmas of 20th-century Russian music." Between the two world wars, the symphonies of Myaskovsky enjoyed great popularity and were performed by all major American and European orchestras; they were some of the most inspiring symphonic works of the last hundred years and prolonged the symphonic genre. But accusations of "formalism" at the 1948 USSR Composers Congress resulted in the purposeful neglect of his music until the collapse of the Soviet Union. Myaskovsky wrote some of the most inspiring symphonic works of the last hundred years and prolonged and extended the symphonic genre. In Nikolay Myaskovsky: The Conscience of Russian Music, Tassie gives readers the first modern English-language biography of this Russian composer since his death in 1950. Tassie draws together information from the composer's diaries and letters, as well as the memoirs of friends and colleagues-even his secret police files-to chronicle Myaskovsky's early life, subsequent far-reaching influence as a composer, teacher, and journalist, and his final persecution by the Soviet government. This biography will surely rekindle interest in Myaskovsky's remarkable body of work and will interest aficionados, students, and scholars of the modern classical music tradition and history of the arts in Russia.
Biography : an annotated bibliography
Writers on writing : the art of the short story
Analysing immigrant life stories from two perspectives
"One of the most provocative entrepreneurs of our time, who started Eckō Unltd out of his parents' garage and turned it into a media empire, Marc Eckō reveals his formula for building an authentic brand or business. Marc Eckō began his career by spray-painting t-shirts in the garage of his childhood home in suburban New Jersey. A graffiti artist with no connections and no fashion pedigree, he left the safety net of pharmacy school to start his own company. Armed with only hustle, sweat equity, and creativity, he flipped a $5,000 bag of cash into a global corporation now worth $500 million. Unlabel is a success story, but it's one that shares the bruises, scabs, and gut-wrenching mistakes that every entrepreneur must overcome to succeed. Through his personal prescription for success--the Authenticity Formula--Eckō recounts his many innovations and misadventures in his journey from misfit kid to the CEO. It wasn't a meteoric rise; in fact, it was a rollercoaster that dipped to the edge of bankruptcy and even to national notoriety, but this is an underdog story we can learn from: Ecko's doubling down on the core principles of the brand and his formula for action over talk are all lessons for today's entrepreneurs. Ecko offers a brash message with his inspirational story: embrace pain, take risks, and be yourself. Unlabel demonstrates that, like or not, you are a brand and it's up you to take control of it and create something authentic. Unlabel is a groundbreaking guide to channeling your creativity, finding the courage to defy convention, and summoning the confidence to act and be competitive in any environment"--
Dictionary of scientific biography. Volumes 13-14
100 women who shaped world history
The Glenn Miller story [Videotallenne]
Muhammad Ali : his life and times
Signed, sealed, and delivered : the soulful journey of Stevie Wonder
How to make a spaceship : a band of renegades, an epic race and the birth of private space flight
A man of the times : talks and travels in a disrupted world
Laurent Clerc : the Story of His Early Years
A Chinese biographical dictionary = Gu-jin xingshi zupu
The nature of biography
Wishful drinking
Robert Kennedy : his life
Trump revealed : an American journey of ambition, ego, money, and power
My yesterdays : in a changing world of the Deaf
Writing lives : principia biographica
Pioneers of modern physical training
Nikolay Myaskovsky : the conscience of Russian music
The autobiography of Bertrand Russell. (Vol. 1), 1872-1914
Send me God : the lives of Ida the Compassionate of Nivelles, nun of La Ramée, Arnulf, lay brother of Villers, and Abundus, monk of Villers
Unlabel : selling you without selling out
Killing Kennedy : the end of Camelot
The road from Coorain
Mountains beyond mountains
Saviours of mankind. 2, Pančhen Lamas and former incarnations of Amitāyus
Life journey : a family memoir
Pen portraits from New China
Memoirs of Matti Hopia : 1948-1951 : Part 3/3
TRUE CRIME. Although it's hard to believe now, Rose West was an exceptionally beautiful little girl with long, glossy dark hair and big brown eyes. Strangers would stop and stare at her in the street and she could entrance people from an early age. Looking at photos of young Rosie as a child, it is almost impossible to comprehend that she would grow up to become one of Britain's most notorious female murderers.What happened to that little girl to make her capable of such violence? Or was there something wrong - a predisposition to cruelty - which she was born with? Crime writer Jane Carter Woodrow goes back to the start of Rose's life to piece together what it was that turned her into a monster. In doing so, she presents us with a profile of the young Rose West and a fascinating insight into the mind of a killer.Rose's early life made her the perfect partner for Fred West when they met just before her sixteenth birthday.
Ellen Thesleff : värien tanssi = dance of colour
Winter in the morning : a young girl's life in the Warsaw ghetto and beyond 1939-1945
James Joyce
Always running : la vida loca, gang days in L.A
From the moment Jacqueline du Pré first held a cello at the age of five, it was clear she had an extraordinary gift. At sixteen, when she made her professional debut, she was hailed as one of the world's most talented and exciting musicians. But ten years later, she stopped playing virtually overnight, when multiple sclerosis removed the feeling in her hands just before a concert. It took fourteen more years for the crippling disease to take its final toll. In this uniquely revealing biography, Hilary and Piers du Pré have re-created the life they shared with their sister in astonishing personal detail, unveiling the private world behind the public face. With warmth and candor they recount Jackie's blissful love of the cello, her marriage to the conductor Daniel Barenboim, her compulsions, her suffering, and, above all, the price exacted by her talent on the whole family. For proud as they were of Jackie's enormous success, none of them was prepared for the profound impact her genius would have on each of their lives. . .
Henry VIII : king and court
Night studio : a memoir of Philip Guston
Herb Brooks : the inside story of a hockey mastermind
World on a string : a musical memoir
The Brontë cabinet : three lives in nine objects /cDeborah Lutz
Edmund Booth : deaf pioneer
Shockaholic
The big book of women saints
A portrait of the life and career of investment guru Warren Buffett sheds new light on the man, as well as on the work, ideas, business principles, strategies, and no-nonsense insights that have guided his phenomenally successful business endeavors.
The pigeon tunnel : stories from my life
Nicholson : a biography
The confessions of Jean-Jacques Rousseau
This short biography of the famous composer Richard Wagner details his life, his works and gives the reader an interesting guide to the style that defined this master of operas and other musical works. This version has been specifically edited and formatted for today's e-readers, and makes an excellent addition to any music-related book collection.
Good-bye to all that : an autobiography
Down the rabbit hole : curious adventures and cautionary tales of a former Playboy bunny
A Season of loss a lifetime of forgiveness : the Dan Snyder and Dany Heatley story
Grace kelly : the secret lives of a princess
Close to the machine : technophilia and its discontents
The Tom Jones quiz book : 100 questions on the singing legend
Stars between the sun and moon : one woman's life in North Korea and escape to freedom
Narrative research : voices of teachers and philosophers
Life and correspondence of David Hume
This short biography of the famous composer Ludwig van Beethoven details his life, his works and gives the reader an interesting guide to the style that defined this master of symphonies and other musical works. It also discusses the influence he had on Wagner's style. This version has been specifically edited and formatted for today's e-readers, and makes an excellent addition to any music-related book collection.
Angela Merkel : Europe's most influential leader
Steppin' Razor : the life of Peter Tosh
"At 21, small-town Oregon girl Holly Sue Cullen became Holly Madison, Hugh Hefner's number one girlfriend. But like Alice's journey into Wonderland, Holly's plunge down the rabbit hole took her to a world where all was not as it seemed. The fairy-tale life inside the Playboy Mansion -- which included A-list celebrity parties and starring in a number one television show -- quickly devolved into an oppressive routine of strict rules, manipulation, and battles with ambitious, backstabbing Bunnies that nearly drove Holly to take her own life. Down the rabbit hole is her introspective account of her time inside the Mansion: the drugs, abuse, infamous parties, and Holly's real behind-the-scenes life with Bridget, Kendra, and Mr. Playboy himself. It is also her chronicle of healing and hope. By telling her story, both a cautionary tale and a celebration of personal empowerment, Holly reminds us of the importance of fighting for our dreams -- and finding the life we deserve."--Back cover.
The return : fathers, sons, and the land in between
Nitobe Inazō : the twilight years
Slow dancing with a stranger : lost and found in the age of Alzheimer's
Alan Turing : the enigma
Straight shooter : the Brad Park story
Literary lives : biography and the search for understanding
