http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11593 bakeries
bakeries
Investigation of acrylamide levels in selected fried and baked foods in Jordan
Trends of consumer behavior now and in the future in the grocery business
Determination of acrylamide levels in selected traditional foodstuffs and drinks in Jordan
Dictionary of bakery terms = Wörterbuch der Bäckerei
Earthly delights
Bread baking : an artisan`s perspective
The marketing strategies of the confectionery industry in Europe : case: Productos Damel S.L
Cream puff murder
Bioprocessing to improve oat bread quality
Hooray for bread
Prefermented frozen lean wheat doughs
Heavenly pleasures
Wedding cake murder
Dairy-based ingredients
The science of bakery products
Key factors influencing economic relationships and communication in European food chains (FOODCOMM) : review of sausage and rye bread chains in Finland
The creation of a private bakery : the Tomsk story
Spillover effects of foreign entry on local firms and business networks in Russia - a case study on Fazer Bakeries in St. Petersburg
Abstract: Improving the efficiency of bakery transport.
Chemistry and physics of baking : materials, processes and products
Modern cereal science and technology
Little sugar, a lot of love
Technology of breadmaking
The food lover's guide to Paris : the best restaurants, bistros, cafes, markets, bakeries, and more
Effects of ingredients on phase and state transitions of frozen  wheat doughs
Employee motivation and satisfaction : case study: Harjun leipomo
A nordic research programme on food biotechnology. 4, Starter cultures in wheat bread
Cereal fermentation for future foods : V Symposium on Sourdough, 10-12 October 2012, Helsinki, Finland
Pastries : a study of the cultural expression of luxury
Handbook of dough fermentations
Baking cakes in Kigali : a novel
Engineering aspects of cereal and cereal-based products
Exopolysaccharides in sourdough technology
Cereals in a European context : 1st European conference on food science and technology
Effective Social Media Marketing and Content Marketing Influence Customer Awareness and Interest in Bakery Industry  The Case Study of Royal Bakery
Sourdough : a tool for the improved flavour, texture and shelf-life of wheat bread
Dough rheology and baked product texture
The Mills-bakeries of Ostia : description and interpretation
Sweeteners : alternative
Baking artisan pastries & breads : sweet and savory baking for breakfast, brunch, and beyond
Start your own restaurant business and more : pizzeria, coffeehouse, deli, bakery, catering business
Finnish investments in Lithuania : changing old business traditions
Advanced bread and pastry : a professional approach
Bakery technology and engineering
Fundamentals of dough rheology
Professional baking
Technology and products
Frozen & refrigerated doughs and batters
Nutrition labeling handbook
Baker cat
On baking : a textbook of baking and pastry fundamentals
The objective of this Bachelor  ́s thesis was to produce a feasible business plan for a cake bakery in Helsinki. The end users of project outcome, the business plan, are one of the authors with another HAAGA-HELIA graduate. The plan is also a tool for the end users for assessing the personal readiness for becoming an entrepreneur as well as for assessing the business idea and the operational plan. Second, the plan is needed to prove that the business idea is viable and to obtain financial resources. The aim is to utilize the plan and to start the business by the end of year 2010. The theoretical framework of this thesis is about entrepreneurship, business planning in perspective of starting a new business, and project management. The focus is in business plan and its content. The theory for project management supported the planning and implementation of the project. The project implementation began with the business plan development, which started with the information gained in the Entrepreneurship information session given by EnterpriseHelsinki. Business plan was written according to the EnterpriseHelsinki business and the research was done by using secondary data. The project was successfully completed on March 29th. The business plan suggested that there is a realistic opportunity for a profitable cake bakery business in Töölö, Helsinki. Finally, the business plan was reviewed and analysed by an Enterprise Helsinki business advisor. The advisor evaluated the coherence of the business idea, its profitability and realism. After the evaluation the advisor gave his recommendation on further action. According to the business advisor evaluation, the business plan contains sufficient information for applying for a loan from Finnvera. KultaKakku  ́s vision for the next five years after the start-up is to become a supplier of cakes and bakery goods for local restaurants, coffee houses, grocers and catering. The founders of KultaKakku also see the possibilities to open other cake shops in different areas of Helsinki.
Biscuits : a pictorial story of a sweet tradition
Baking artisan bread : 10 expert formulas for baking better bread at home
From wheat to bread
Cereal grains : properties, processing, and nutritional attributes
Confectionary industry : inspection manual
Baking and bakeries
Structure and macromolecular properties of Weissella confusa and Leuconostoc citreum dextrans with a potential application in sourdough
The food lover's guide to Paris
Handbook of breadmaking technology
Paimen = The shepherd
Artisan breads : practical recipes and detailed instructions for baking the world's finest loaves
Home baked : nordic recipes and techniques for organic bread and pastry
Emulsifiers in food technology
Good bread is back : a contemporary history of French bread, the way it is made, and the people who make it
Business plan for a cake bakery
Advances in baking technology
Marketing in Germany: A market research for a start-up business of cake making/decorating business in Frankfurt
Modifying Wheat Bran for Food Applications - Effect of Wet Milling and Enzymatic Treatment
Cereal foods world
Kaksoisvalotuksia todellisuuksien rajoilta : Pasi Tammen maalauksia = Double exposures from the realities : paintings by Pasi Tammi
