http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11503 polyamines
polyamines
Involvement of polyamine catabolism in theregulation of glucose, energy and cholesterol metabolism in mice
A matter of life and death : polyamine metabolism during zygotic embryogenesis of pine
Expression of the human ornithine decarboxylase gene in transgenic mice
High and dry: Consequences of drought exposure in Scots pine seedlings grown in authentic peat soil
COST 917 = biogenically active amines in food. Vol. 6, Biologically active amines: metabolism and physiology and Biologically active amines in food processing and production of biologically active amines by bacteria
Polyamines, heavy metals and Stevia rebaudiana Bertoni under in vitro : role of polyamines in combating heavy metal stress in Stevia rebaudiana Bertoni plants under in vitro condition
The biochemistry of plants : a comprehensive treatise. 16, Intermediary nitrogen metabolism
Transgenic rats with activated polyamine catabolism : spermidine depletion inhibits hepatic cell proliferation and causes acute pancreatitis
Wheat seed priming in relation to salt tolerance : growth, yield and levels of free salicylic acid and polyamines
Regulation of hematopoietic cell development and hair growth in mouse model : expression analysis of Tudor-SN and polyamines regulated proteins
Polyamines may regulate s-phase progression but not the dynamic changes of chromatin during the cell cycle
Polyamine homeostasis : cellular responses to perturbation of polyamine biosynthetic enzymes
Polyamine metabolism of Scots pine under abiotic stress
Mitochondrial structure and ion transport : interactions of polyamines, propranolol and related substances with mitochondria
S-adenosylmethionine decarboxylase : primary structures of the human and rat enzymes, characterization of the rat gene and two processed pseudogenes, and expression of the rat gene in transgenic mice
Regulation of bisphosphonate bone binding
Activation of polyamine catabolism in transgenic mice
The functions and regulation of ornithine decarboxylase
A matter of life and death - polyamine metabolism during zygotic embryogenesis of pine
Novel pathomechanisms of intrauterine growth restriction in fetal alcohol syndrome in a mouse model
Stress responses in plants : adaptation and acclimation mechanisms
Changes in climate will impose abiotic stress on plant species, and eventually affect their distributional range. This is a particular challenge especially to tree species with long generation times and slow rates of evolution. In the boreal zone, most of these species also hold high economic value. The aim of the study was to enhance understanding of the abiotic stress coping strategies of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) in its vulnerable early growth phase. In particular, the study evaluates the role of polyamine (PA) metabolism of Scots pine under abiotic stress. Polyamines (PAs) are small, ubiquitous nitrogenous compounds involved in fundamental biological processes of plants such as growth, organogenesis, embryogenesis and abiotic and biotic stress defence.The effects of different water availabilities and spring frost temperatures on shoots and roots of young seedlings were investigated in two growth chamber experiments. Proembryogenic liquid cell culture system was established and used as a controllable platform. Effects of polyethylene glycol (PEG) induced osmotic stress was investigated at the cellular level in liquid cultures. Responses to treatments were evaluated by quantifying changes in the expression of PA metabolism, stress, cell death and cell division -related genes, metabolite concentrations, as well as stress-induced physiology and morphology.The results revealed that PA metabolism is tissue specific and strictly regulated. Drought stress induced the accumulation of putrescine (Put) in photosynthesizing tissues, whereas the prime response to spring frost was a reorganization of root growth. Generally, drought and osmotic stress decreased the expression of PA catabolizing genes, leading to consistent PA levels in tissues even under severe stress. To conclude, PAs have a protective role in maintaining the growth and development of pine tissues subje cted to abiotic stress.
Structure and function of charge deficient polyamines : the latest generation of isosteric charge deficient spermine analogues
Regulation of spermidine/spermine N1-acetyltransferase and its involvement in cellular proliferation and development of acute pancreatitis
Fetal alcohol syndrome (FAS) is a pattern of anomalies in affected children due to maternal alcohol administration at vulnerable stages of fetal development. Intrauterine growth restriction and facial malformation are the presenting phenotypes of FAS.In this investigation, novel pathomechanisms of intrauterine growth restriction and facial malformation were the primary aims.We found by a FAS mouse model that AceCS1 gene expression and polyamines are the immediate targets of fetal alcohol exposure. The AceCS1 product is a precursor for lipid synthesis and protein acetylation and possibly, for polycation acetylation. We cloned the Mus musculus nuclear-cytosolic AceCS1 gene, and showed that its expression is developmentally regulated with a dynamic localization in the cytosolic and nuclear compartment. The enzyme plays an essential role in de novo synthesis of acetyl Coenzyme A.Fetal alcohol administration targets nutrient supplying networks, which are localized at critical barriers. The main findings were reduced surface of the labyrinthine zone, destruction of gap junctions in the hemotrichorial placenta, reduced syncytiotrophoblastic cell layers and loosening of interaction between cell layers and embryo endothelial cells, reduced Reichert's membrane thickness with discontinued Reichert's trophoblast and loss of interaction by Reichert's-parietal cells, reduction of capillary network and reduced vascularization in the brain area, and perturbed neural crest migration and formation of neural tube defect. Alteration of angiogenesis -regulating proteins such as VEGF, PlGF, PECAM was detected in FAS, with no significant changes in placental angiogenesis of the labyrinthine zone, but up-regulation of VEGF/PlGF caused permeability changes in the placenta and yolk sac. On the other hand, the PECAM pool in embryos' brain was reduced, which in turn led to decreased angiogenesisand vascularization.
COST Action 917 : biogenically active amines in food. Volume 5, Polyamines and tumour growth. Biologically active amines in food processing and amine produced by bacteria
Antizyme inhibitor 2 : a novel regulator of cellular polyamine homeostasis
Advances in polyamine research. Vol. 4
Nitrogen metabolism of plants
Diamine-induced inhibition of mammalian ornithine decarboxylase and of polyamine accumulation
Summary.
Should the frequency of drought increase in boreal forests due to climate change, seedlings planted in prepared peat mounds could become more susceptible to soil desiccation. The resistance of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) seedlings to drought will thus be a key factor in the regeneration success of pine-dominated, forestry-drained peatlands. In this study, we evaluated the physiological, metabolic, and morphologi¬cal responses of year-old seedlings gradually exposed to extreme drought in highly decomposed Sphagnum-Carex peat blocks. Drought clearly suppressed root and shoot growth as well as fractional colonization of ectomycorrhizal fungi. Sustained declines in photochemical efficiency (Fv/Fm) of previous-year and current-year needles did not occur until the volumetric soil water content had dropped to 30% and 10%, respectively. Polyamine analysis revealed that new needles are preferred in protecting the different parts of the seedlings against drought stress. Despite growth losses, the maintenance of rather high photochemical efficiency in current-year needles under severe water stress would appear to indicate a potential for seedling recovery if water availability in the peat improved. Given the high tolerance exhibited by Scots pine seedlings, death by drought seems a lesser concern.
Consequences of activated polyamine catabolism : experimental studies in transgenic mice and a human case report
Polyamines in experimental taurodeoxycholate-induced and clinical acute pancreatitis
Metabolic consequences of polyamine deprivation produced by inhibitors of ornithine and adenosylmethionine decarboxylases in Ehrlich ascites carcinoma cells
COST [Action] 917 : biogenically active amines in food. Volume 4, First general workshop
N-alkylated polyamine analogues : deuterium labelling, LC-MS/MS analysis and catabolism by human polyamine oxidases
Synthesis of polyamines in rat tissues : characterization of the enzymes and regulatory mechanisms involved in the biosynthesis of spermidine and spermine in rat liver and brain
S-adenosylmethionine metabolism and its relation to the regulation of polyamine biosynthesis in animal tissues
Regulatory aspects of polyamine metabolism in mouse brain
Polyamine metabolism during development of somatic and zygotic embryos of Picea abies (Norway spruce)
Polyamines in biomedical research
Applications of automated DNA analysis : a study of genes of the polyamine biosynthetic pathway
Transgenic rats with activated polyamine catabolism : spermidine depletion inhibits hebatic cell proliferation and causes acute pancreatitis
Effect of different potassium sources on the seasonal variation of potassium and free polyamines in scots pine needles
Spermidine/spermine N1-acetyltransferase in mouse hematopoiesis and bone remodeling and in human leukemias
Synthesis and degradation of polyamines in rat liver : with special reference to the control of the production of putrescine and spermidine
Development and use of tools to study metabolic consequences of altered polyamine catabolism
