http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11542 Nabataeans
Nabataeans
The world of the Nabataeans : volume 2 of the International Conference, The World of the Herods and the Nabataeans, held at the British Museum, 17-19 April 2001
Petra : a city forgotten and rediscovered : a volume associated with the exhibition organized by the Amos Anderson Art Museum in Helsinki, Finland
This study deals with Roman imperialism and the stand made by some conquered peoples in the face of Roman expansion, as exemplified by that of the Arab Nabataeans (modern Jordan) who lost their autonomy at the hands of the Romans in 106 CE. The study is divided into six chapters. The first is concerned with the development of the idea of history (historiography). The second chapter looks specifically at the case of the Nabataeans. Imperial discourse is the subject of the third chapter. Here, the theory of post-colonialism is introduced. Three sections are dealt with under this chapter. First is the understanding of classical sources of Roman imperialism. The second section in this chapter is concerned with the genesis of the idea of 'the other' in the Greco-Roman mentality. Within this context, the third section of this chapter looks at the image of the Nabataeans as 'others' in the accounts of Strabo, Josephus, and Diodorus. Chapter four is concerned with the the annexation of Nabataea, looking at the events of 106 CE within the context of Roman imperialism. The fifth chapter looks at the Nabataean resistance to the Romans both militarily and culturally. The last chapter introduces a fresh approach to the annexation of Nabataean territory.
Distribution of Nabatean-Roman sites around Jabal Harûn : analysis of factors causing site patterning
The Arabs in antiquity : their history from the Assyrians to the Umayyads
The Nabatean terracotta figurines
The Nabataeans in focus : current archaeological research at Petra : papers from the special session of the seminar for Arabian studies held on 29 July 2011
Abstracts in English.
Nabataean Aila (Aqaba, Jordan) from a ceramic perspective : local and intra-regional trade in Aqaba ware during the first and second centuries AD : evidence from the Roman Aqaba Project
From goddess to prophet : 2000 years of continuity on the Mountain of Aaron near Petra, Jordan
Petra and the lost kingdom of the Nabateans
The last pagans of Iraq : Ibn Waḥshiyya and his Nabatean agriculture
To Petra via Jabal Haroun : Nabatean-Roman road remains in the Finnish Jabal Haroun project survey area
The religion of the Nabataeans : a conspectus
Deities and Dolphins : the story of the Nabataeans
Petra and the Nabataeans : a bibliography
