http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11538 moors (areas)
moors (areas)
The devil's edge
The Netherlands as an environment for insect life
Prehistoric field erosion sediment in Lake Lojärvi, S. Finland and its palaeomagnetic dating
The palmottu natural analogue project : progress report 1998
Hvitträsk : koti taideteoksena = the home as a work of art
Båtvik : pronssikaudelta nykypäivään = from the bronze age to today
Structural modelling of bedrock around the Palmottu U-deposit
Observations on the mapping of the village Nummi in the parish of Nousiainen in 1786.
Lowland grassland and heathland habitats
Revegetation after short-term trampling at subalpine heath vegetation
Plant community regeneration and species diversity in dry calcareous grasslands
The Palmottu Natural Analogue Project, Progress Report 1996. The behaviour of natural radionuclides in and around uranium deposits, Nr. 10.
The Ballad sublime
Petrogenesis of paleoproterozoic marbles in the Svecofennian domain, Finland
Palmottu natural analogue : A summary of the studies
The Palmottu natural analogue project : summary report 1996-1999
Ectomycorrhiza in coniferous forest : structure and dynamics of populations and communities
The hawk's nest
The distribution of natural radionuclides on fracture surfaces in Palmottu analogue study site in SW Finland
Heterogeneous fluids in high-grade siliceous marbles of Pusula (SW Finland)
Till composition from granule thin-section analysis
The behaviour of natural radionuclides in and around uranium deposits. Nr. 9 , The Palmottu natural analogue project : progress report 1995
The devils edge
Vegetace České republiky = Vegetation of the Czech Republic. 2, Ruderální plevelová́, skalní a sut̕ová vegetace = Ruderal, weed, rock and scree vegetation
Plant communities of the Scottish highlands : a study of Scottish mountain, moorland and forest vegetation
Holocene environmental change of Southern Öland, Sweden
Shoreline displacement near Helsinki, southern Finland, during the Ancylus Lake Stage
Modelling of groundwater flow at Palmottu : a 2-dimensional approach using the Sutra code
Objective 5b-programme of the Uusimaa Regional Council
The ballad sublime
Porkkala-Udd : elämää vuokra-ajan käänteissä = vardagsliv i skuggan av en parentes = life in the shadow of a parenthesis = igapäevane elu parenteesi varjus = budničnaja žizn' za skobkami
The behaviour of natural radionuclides in and around uranium deposits. Nr. 4, The Palmottu analogue project : progress report 1990
The behaviour of natural radionuclides in and around uranium deposits. 2, Results of investigations at the Palmottu analogue study site, SW Finland
Abstract : Threatened species in Finland : Heath bedstraw (Galium saxatile)
Ecology and conservation of heathland Carabidae in eastern England
Vegetace České republiky = Vegetation of the Czech Republic. 1, Travinná a keříčková vegetace = Grassland and heathland vegetation
Atticus Claw on the misty moor
On the occurence of subfossil Pediastrum algae in a Flandrian core at Kirkkonummi, southern Finland
Beast
Metapopulation structure of Pterostichus lepidus and Olisthopus rotundatus on heathland in the Netherlands: the results from transplant experiments
Occurrence of macrolepidoptera in the biotopes of the Kevojoki area in Inari Lapland: (Finland)
Summary: As the above lists show, the commonest species (above all Colias palaeno lapponica, Melitaea athalia scandinavica, Polyommatus optilite cyparissus, Episilia alpicola hyperborea, Sympistis melaleuca, Scopula ternata perfumata and Eulype subhastata moestata) are not confined to one biotope but live in different habitats. Hence rare species which live exclusively or mainly in one biotope characterise the biotope...
The behaviour of natural radionuclides in and around uranium deposits. Nr. 8, The Palmottu natural analogue project : summary report 1992-1994
Seppo Nummi's song cycle "Länsilinnan lauluja" ("Songs of the Western Palace")
In pursuit of the proper sinner
Båtvik from the time the land rose up
The calling of the grave
The moor : lives, landscape, literature
Iron Age cultivation in SW Finland
From pattern to process - studies on limestone grassland, with emphasis on the bryophyte-lichen layer and its effects on vascular plants
Observations on the mapping of the village Nummi in the parish of Nousiainen in 1786
Helsingin seutu tilastoina 2006 = Helsingforsregionen i siffror 2006
The songbird
