http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11555 potassium
potassium
Respiratory allergy is constantly encountered and is sharply on the rise, particularly in the two most vulnerable age-groups: young children and seniors. Allergy results in airway hyperactivity and increased airway resistance, with all inflammatory sequelae being ensued. The chapters show how respiratory allergy research is interconnected with other disciplines by discussing neurotransmitter, membrane receptor, and ionic channel mechanisms of allergy and by giving diagnostic and pharmacological cues on desensitization and therapy.
Comparison on plasma caesium kinetics in goats and horses with special emphasis on exercising horses
Peat ash as a fertilizer on drained mires : effects on the growth and nutritional status of Scots pine
Na/K-ATPase and related transport ATPases : structure, mechanism, and regulation
Cesium-137 and potassium in Finnish lapps and their diet
The fertilization value of human excreta for cabbage and potato growth
Responses in Scots pine needle ultrastructure to simulated acid rain and potassium deficiency
Abstract.
Logging residues and ground vegetation in nutrient dynamic fores
Leaf and fruit macronutrient composition during the growth period of apples
Sodium and potassium regulation : with special reference to the athletic horse
Current world fertilizer trends and outlook to 2007/08
Unbalanced nutrient status and mycorrhizal roots of Scots pine
The effect of repeated fertilizations on volume growth and needle nutrient concentrations of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) on a drained pine mire
Nutrient analysis of a dry toilet compost leachate  : Case study of an allotment garden
Growth and nutrition of coniferous forests on acidic mineral soils - status and effects of liming and fertilization
Logging residues and ground vegetation in nutrient dynamic forest
The hERG1 (KV11.1) potassium channel : its modulation and the functional characterisation of genetic variants
Allergens and Airway Hyperreactivity
Long-term effects of apatite and biotite on the nutrient status and stand growth of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) on drained peatlands
Mineral nutrition and plant disease
Development of K-fertilizer recommendations : 22nd Colloquium of the International Potash Institute, Soligorsk, USSR, June 18-23, 1990.
The higher toxicity of cereulide relative to valinomycin is due to its higher affinity for potassium at physiological plasma concentration
Availability of biochar potassium to plants
Relationships of radiocesium and potassium in the diet and body of Finnish lapps
Effect of anionic salts and potassium intake on some blood and urine minerals and acid-base balance of dry pregnant cows on grass silage based feeding
Studies of the availability of soil phosphorus (P) and potassium (K) in organic farming systems, and of plant adaptions to low P- and K-availability
Effects of tree species and nutrient application on distribution and budgets of base cations in Swedish forest ecosystems
Effect of potassium on decarbonation with alkali metaborate
Exhaust gas emissions, e.g. nitrogen oxides (NOx), hydrocarbons (HCs) and carbon monoxide (CO), are harmful to human health and the environment. Catalysis is an efficient method to decrease these emissions. Unfortunately, the fuels and lubricant oils may contain chemical impurities that are also present in exhaust gases. Thus, catalytic materials with high activity and chemical resistance towards impurities are needed in the abatement of exhaust gas emission.In this thesis, the aim was to gain new knowledge about the effects of chemical impurities on the behaviour and activity of the catalysts. To find out these effects, the impurities existing in the exhaust gas particulate matter after combustion of biofuels and fossil fuels were analysed. The studied zeolite (ZSM-5), cerium-zirconium mixed oxides (CeZr and ZrCe) and silicon-zirconium oxide (SiZr) based catalysts were also treated with impurities to simulate the poisoning of the catalysts by, e.g. potassium, sodium, phosphorus and sulphur, using gas or liquid phase treatments. Several characterization techniques were applied to find out the effects of impurities on catalysts' properties. The activity of catalysts was tested in laboratory-scale measurements in CO and HC oxidation and NOx reduction using ammonia (NH3) and hydrogen (H2) as reductants.The results revealed that the CeZr based catalysts had a high activity in NOx reduction by NH3 and moderate activity by H2. Sulphur was proven to enhance the activity of CeZr catalysts in NOx reduction. This is due to an increase in chemisorbed oxygen after the sulphur treatment on the catalyst surface. Instead, in HC and CO oxidation reactions, sulphur had a negligible impact on the activity of the SiZr based diesel oxidation catalyst. Thus, both CeZr and SiZr based catalysts can be utilized in exhaust gas purification when sulphur is present. ZSM-5 based catalysts were proven to be resistant to potassium and sodium. Alternatively, the activity of SiZr based catalysts decreased due to phosphorus. Thus, the removal of biomaterial-based impurities from the exhaust gases is needed to retain high catalyst activity in the exhaust gas after-treatment system.
Relaxation mechanisms of nitric oxide donors, β2-adrenoreceptor agonist and their synergistic effect in vitro in airway smooth muscle : role of potassium channels
Life span, potassium fluxes and membrane ATPases of erythrocytes from subjects exposed to inorganic lead
The role of potassium in the corrosion of superheater materials in boilers firing biomass
Thermal responses of inward and delayed rectifier potassium channels in fish cardiac myocytes
Seasonal responses of herbage to N fertilizer and changes in peat nutrient contents on poorly drained reseeded blanket bog limed and fertilized with P and K.
Fertilizer-induced leaching of phosphorus and potassium from peatlands drained for forestry
Potassium research and agricultural production : proceedings of the 10th Congress of the International Potash Institute held in June 1974 in Budapest, Hungary
Experimental study of nanoscale metal clusters using synchrotron radiation excited photoelectron spectroscopy
Effect of lactic acid bacteria inoculants, formic acid, potassium sorbate and sodium benzoate on fermentation quality and aerobic stability of wilted grass silage
Potassium research, review and trends : proceedings of the 11th congress of the International Potash Institute, 1978.
Novel chemical tools to study ion channel biology
Diet of the Finnish Lapps and its caesium-137 and potassium contents
Levosimendan is a mitochondrial K[sub ATP] channel opener
An investigation of base cation deposition in Finland
A potassium-, magnesium-, and l-lysine-enriched mineral salt : cardiovascular and renal effects and interactions with antihypertensive drugs in the rat
Predicting the behavior of chlorine and potassium in black liquor recovery boilers
Toxicological profile of cereulide, the Bacillus cereus emetic toxin, in functional assays within human, animal and bacterial cells
Food consumption and intake of iron and potassium by Finnish lapps in 1971 and 1976
Effect of different potassium sources on the seasonal variation of potassium and free polyamines in scots pine needles
Resistance of catalytic materials towards chemical impurities : the effect of sulphur and biomaterial-based compounds on the performance of DOC and SCR catalysts
AMIGO-Kv2.1 potassium channel complex : identification and association with schizophrenia-related phenotypes
Genetic and clinical features of familial Meniere's disease in Northern Ostrobothnia and Kainuu
Effect of NPK fertilization and elemental sulphur on growth and yield of lowbush blueberry
Effects of foliar nitrogen, potassium and magnesium concentrations and irradiance on the resistance of Scots pine seedlings to scleroderris canker infection
Effects of frequency of fertilisation on production, foliar chemistry and nutrient leaching in young Norway spruce stands in Sweden
The effect of nitrogen and potassium availability on scleroderris canker of Scots pine seedlings
Nutrient status and growth of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) on drained peatlands after potassium fertilisation
Novel function of the skin in calcium metabolism in female and male chickens (Gallus domesticus)
Summary.
Managing soil quality : challenges in modern agriculture
Familial hypokalaemic periodic paralysis in Finland : with special reference to the potassium exercise test
The main objective of the study was to compare nutrient balances of phosphorus (P), potassium (K), magnesium (Mg) and calcium (Ca) on fertilized grass pasture (high input) and unfertilized grass-clover pasture (low input) both grazed by dairy cattle. The second aim was to quantify P loss in surface runoff from the fertilized grass pasture. The study was conducted on a lysimeter field that included two surface runoff collector ditches. The whole area was rotationally stocked five times per year and the amount of milk was recorded. Nutrient balances were negative on both grass and grass-clover pastures except the P balance for grass pasture, which was 18 kg ha-1 positive. The amount of total P in the surface runoff from fertilized grass pasture was 1.2-0.9 kg ha-1 y-1. It seems that in short-term ley farming, grass-clover swards can retain nutrients in the soil better than pure grass swards.
Genetic variants predisposing to cardiac arrhythmia disorders and sudden cardiac death
The importance of potassium currents for cardiac function of ectothermic vertebrates under stress
Resistance of catalytic materials towards chemical impurities:the effect of sulphur and biomaterial-based compounds on the performance of DOC and SCR catalysts
Dietary cation-anion balance and calcium and magnesium intake of the dry cow
Cation binding resorcinarene bis-crowns: the effect of lower rim alkyl chain length on crystal packing and solid lipid nanoparticles
Analysing nutrient values of fermented biowaste leachate
Fertile soil : a grower's guide to organic & inorganic fertilizers
The flows and balances of P, K, Ca and Mg on intensively managed Boreal high input grass and low input grass-clover pastures
Potentiometric sensing utilizing paper-based sampling
Potassium stores in peatlands drained for forestry
Mycorrhizal fungi and nitrogen dynamics in drained peatland
Potash, saltpeter and tar : production, exports and use of wood in Finland in the 19th century
Biogeochemical cycles of elements : an introduction to behaviour of main mineral nutrients of plants and microorganisms
Quantification of the release of K, Mg and Mn during rapid and slow devolatilization of pulverized biomass fuels in a wire-mesh reactor
Growth of Pinus sylvestris after the application of wood ash or P and K fertilizer to a peatland in southern Sweden
Responses of epiphytic lichens to air pollution in northern boreal forest ecosystems
Base cations deposition in Europe : Sofie Hellsten ... [et al.]
The aim of the thesis was to compare the differences between three different treatments which are labeled as A, B and C, respectively. Treatments A and B contained additive products designed to enhance the fermentation process of biowaste and extract leachate. In treatment A, the additive product was in liquid form. Treatment B used the additive product that was in solid form. Treatment C contained no additive products and was used as a reference. The anaerobic digestion process of kitchen biowaste was used in this study to produce leachate. The leachate was collected and analyzed for its nutritional value as fertilizer. Chemical analysis was done to find the concentrations of Nitrogen (N), Phosphorus (P) and Potassium (K), in the leachates. The results of this study showed that Treatment B had the highest concentration of nutrients per liter compared to treatment A and treatment C. However, treatment A produced overall a greater volume of leachate compared to the other treatments. The con-centration of Total Nitrogen in the leachate was between 0,33 – 1,06 g/l. The concentration of Total Phosphorus was between 0,53 – 1,09 mg/l.  In addition, when comparing the concentration of Potassium, which was between 2,6 – 3,4 mg/l, the values seemed higher than the potassium value of separated urine carried out by EcoSanRes.
Nutrient allocation, accumulation and above-ground biomass in grey alder and hybrid alder plantations
