http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11534 art trade
art trade
Painting under pressure : reputation and demand in Renaissance Florence
The art dealers / John Russell Taylor and Brian Brooke
The international trade in art
Blasted Allegories : works from the Ringier collection = Werke aus der Sammlung Ringier : [Kunstmuseum Luzern, 16.5.-3.8.2008] / [editor = Herausgeberin: Beatrix Ruf]
The legacy of Mark Rothko / by Lee Seldes
Dead man's time
Illicit traffic of cultural property in Africa / ICOM
Forum : die Kunstmesse = the art fair : [Hamburg, 24. - 28. März 1988, 100 one-man-shows] / [Forum Internationale Kunstmesse]
Rise up, solitude ! : prints 1985-86 / Jim Dine ; Waddington Graphics
Visual arts and the law : a handbook for professionals
Trends of the '80s & forecast of the '90s : [modern art market]
Ethics and the Visual Arts / edited by Elaine A. King and Gail Levin
Auctions, agents and dealers : the mechanisms of the art market 1660-1830
Die Internationale Kunstmesse : Kunst des 20. Jahrhunderts, Kunstbücher = Le Salon international d'art : art du 20e siècle, livres d'art = The international art fair : 20th century art, art books = La mostra internazionale d'Arte : arte del 20o secolo, li
The art market in Italy : 15th-17th centuries = Il mercato dell'arte in Italia : secc. XV-XVII
Cultural propety and illicit traffic
Vitalizing memory : international perspectives on provenance research
The art trade : report of the Committee on Culture and Education and related documents
By appointment only : Cézanne, van Gogh and some secrets of art dealing / Walter Feilchenfeldt
Allum's antiques almanac 2015 : an annual compendium of stories and facts from the world of art and antiques
Painting as business in early seventeenth-century Rome / Patrizi Cavazzini
Art as enterprise : social and economic engagement in contemporary art
The future of art : a manual
Vincent van Gogh & Paul Cassirer, Berlin : the reception of van Gogh in Germany from 1901 to 1914 / Walter Feilchenfeldt ; catalogue of the drawings compiled by Han Veenenbos
Countering illicit traffic in cultural goods : the global challenge of protecting the world's heritage
Sell in good company : social capital as a strategic tool in the fine art auction business
Diary of an art dealer
Chinese whispers : Chinoiserie in Britain, 1650-1930
Trade in antiquities : reducing destruction and theft
Sotheby's - bidding for class
Memorials of Christie's : a record of art sales from 1766 to 1896 / by W. Roberts
Frieze art fair 2013 : [Regent's Park, London, 17 - 20 October 2013] / [editor: Sam Phillips]
Seven days in the art world
The plundered past
Prelude to terror
L' Art et ses marchés : la peinture flamande et hollandaise :  XVIIe et  XVIIIe siècles : au Musée d'art et d'histoire du Genéve  1er octobre 2009 - 29 août 2010 : livret d'exposition = Art and its markets : Flemish and Dutch paintings : 17th and 18th cen / rédaction du livret Frédéric Elsig, introductions ; Raphaëlle Renken, Marie-Hélène de Ryckel,  notices d'oeuvres
The value of art : is your response to a work of art affected by its financial value? : Courtauld Gallery, [London], 24 June - 30 August 1999
This book traces the evolution of connoisseurship in the booming Dutch art market of the seventeenth- and eighteenth centuries. The question whether or not seventeenth-century painters such as Rembrandt and Rubens created the paintings which were later sold under their names, has caused many a heated debate. Much is still unknown about the ways in which paintings were produced, assessed, priced, and marketed. Who was credited with the ability to assess paintings? How did a painting's price relate to its quality? And how did connoisseurship change as the art market became increasingly complex? This groundbreaking study includes insightful essays by, among others, Eric Jan Sluijter, Hans Van Miegroet and Neil De Marchi. It is not to be missed by anyone with an interest in the Old Masters and the early modern art market.
The Hippopotamus Pool
Treasures into tractors : the selling of Russia's cultural heritage, 1918-1938
Breakfast at Sotheby's : an A-Z of the art world
David Smith : drawings of the fifties ; [exhibition 13 July to 12 August 1988, Anthony d'Offay Gallery] / [Jean Freas and Anthony d'Offay Gallery]
Stealing history : tomb raiders, smugglers, and the looting of the ancient world
Galerie de France : [Myriam Prevot, Gildo Caputo : 20 ans d"association] / Marc Albert-Levin
Frieze art fair : yearbook 2010-11 / editor: Rosalind Furness
Kunsthandelaar en verzamelaar : vierde internationale tentoonstelling van de C. I. N. O. A. : Amsterdams Historisch Museum 27 maart t/m 31 mei 1970 = Art dealer and collector : fourth international exhibition presented by C. I. N. O. A. : Amsterdams Histo / Confédération internationale des Négociants en Oeuvres d'Art
The partnership : the secret association of Bernard Berenson and Joseph Duveen
Contemporary art markets : structure and practices : a study on art galleries in Finland, Sweden, France and Great Britain / Annukka Jyrämä
Collecting contemporary
Mariette and the science of the connoisseur in eighteenth-century Europe
African art in transit
The Nahmad Collection : [Kunsthaus Z ̈rich, 21 October 2011 - 15 January 2012] / Christoph Becker [exhibition, concept] ; with contributions by Robert Brown ... [et al.]
"Conceptual art was one of the most influential art movements of the second half of the twentieth century. In this book Alexander Alberro traces its origins to the mid-1960s, when its principles were first articulated by the artists Dan Graham, Joseph Kosuth, Sol LeWitt, Lawrence Weiner, and others. One of Alberro's central arguments is that the conceptual art movement was founded not just by the artists but also by the dealer Seth Siegelaub. Siegelaub promoted the artists, curated groundbreaking shows, organized symposia and publications, and in many ways set the stage for another kind of entrepreneur: the freelance curator. Alberro examines both Siegelaub's role in launching the careers of artists who were making "something from nothing" and his tactful business practices, particularly in marketing and advertising."--BOOK JACKET.
Art market and connoisseurship : a closer look at paintings by Rembrandt, Rubens and their contemporaries
Guilty knowledge
Painting as business in early seventeenth-century Rome
The Journal of arts management, law and society
Claude Berri recontre Leo Castelli = Claude Berri meets Leo Castelli / conçu et réalisé par = edited by Ann Hindry
Contemporary art markets : structure and practices : a study on art galleries in Finland, France, and Great Britain
Sotheby's guide : antiques and their prices worldwide. 1990
Fine art : identification and price guide / Susan Theran
The collectors : 20 Jahre Texte zur Kunst
Kunst voor de markt 1500-1700 = Art for the market 1500-1700 / redactie = editors: Reindert Falkenburg, Jan de Jong, Dulcia Meijers, Bart Ramakers, Mariet Westermann
Ambroise Vollard : editeur : prints, books, bronzes / Una E. Johnson
Commissioning contemporary art : a handbook for curators and artists
Die Wertfrage = The question of value
Seven days in the art world / Sarah Thornton
Annuaire international des oeuvres et objets d'art volés = international yearbook of stolen works of art : 1992-1993 / Martin Monestier ; préface de Alain Poher
Collecting connoisseurship and the art market in Risorgimento Italy : Giovanni Morelli's letters to Giovanni Melli and Pietro Zavaritt (1866-1872)
Art of the deal : contemporary art in a global financial market / Noah Horowitz
The global art world : audiences, markets, and museums / edited by Hans Belting, Andrea Buddensieg
Christie's : review of the season 1993 / [Christie, Manson & Woods] ; edited by Francis Russell, assisted by Nicholas White
Nostalgia of the tsars : the role of Russian decorative arts on the Finnish art market 1809-2001
Landscape with figures : a history of art dealing in the United States
Sotheby's : art at auction 1986-87
Cent objets disparus : pillage a Angkor = One hundred missing objects : looting in Angkor
Vähän kiva = Lite kiva = Kind of nice : Galerie Anhava 20
Impressionism : the first collectors / Anne Distel
Structure and practises in contemporary art sector : a comparative study of art galleries in Finland and Sweden
2015 artist's & graphic designer's market : how to sell your art and make a living
From London to Beijing to New York, art sales are booming, and the art world receives the sort of breathless media attention once reserved for celebrities and royals. In Seven Days in the Art World, Sarah Thornton, a brilliant young sociologist, looks at all aspects of buying, selling, and creating serious art.
Contemporary British art : an introduction
The trail of lot 163 : in search of lost art treasures
"From the gallery to the auction house, this book explores the major venues of art acquisition. It introduces basic terminology for the art collector and covers the basics of artwork analysis and documentation, including a concise overview of database researching methods and online resources"--Provided by publisher.
Painting for the market : commercialization of art in Antwerp's golden age
Making modernism : Picasso and the creation of the market for twentieth-century art
Treasures into tractors : the selling of Russia's cultural heritage, 1918 - 1938 / Anne Odom and Wendy R. Salmond, editors
Providing a unique insight into the global art market, this book discusses the flows of contemporary art, the migration of contemporary artists, and the worldwide diffusion of organisational models which the art market has recently witnessed.
Cosmopolitan canvases : the globalization of markets for contemporary art
Uylenburgh & son : art and commerce from Rembrandt to De Lairesse, 1625-1675
The painter's practice in Renaissance Tuscany
Bukowskis modern + contemporary & design : 31.10.2007 Helsinki = 31.10.2007 Helsingfors
Art production beyond the art market? / Karen van den Berg and Ursula Pasero (eds.)
Pricing the priceless : art, artists and economics / William D. Grampp
How to buy pictures : practical advice on all aspects of the art market / Huon Mallalieu
Bukowskis moderna + contemporary & design : 2.11.2006 Helsinki = 2.11.2006 Helsingfors
Dritte internationale Kunstmesse : Kunst des 20. Jahrhunderts, Kunstbücher = Troisième salon international d'art : art du XXe siècle, livres d'art = Third international art fair : 20th century art, art books = Terza mostra internazionale d'arte : arte del
ArtHelsinki : Helsingin nykytaidemessut Helsingin messukeskus, 14.-18. syyskuuta 2011 = Helsinki Contemporary Art Fair Helsinki Exhibition and Convention Centre 14-18 September 2011
Customer survey research on the demand for an art shop in Varkaus area
Interview with Kaj Forsblom / Timo Valjakka
Trade in artists' materials : markets and commerce in Europe to 1700 / edited by Jo Kirby, Susie Nash and Joanna Cannon
Contemporary art markets : structure and practices : a study on art galleries in Finland, Sweden, France and Great Britain
Dali & I : exposing the dark circus of the international art market
Early Netherlandish painting at the crossroads : a critical look at current methodologies
Beauty and the beasts : on museums, art, the law and the market / Stephen E. Weil
The art market - a survey : a report on the market for visual and applied art in Finland in 2014
Research into art looted by the nazis : an important international task
Can strategy or internationalization theories be applied to pictorial art markets
Corporate art collections : a handbook to corporate buying
An artful life : a biography of D.H. Kahnweiler, 1884-1979 / Pierre Assouline ; translated from the French by Charles Ruas
The protection of movable cultural property. 1, Compendium of legislative texts
The pretty picture
Creative enterprise : contemporary art between museum and marketplace
The market / edited by Natasha Degen
Interview with gallerist, art dealer and collector Bruno Bischofberger
Visual art markets : structure and strategies / Annukka Jyrämä
The market
Mapping markets for paintings in Europe 1450-1750
Consumption of pictorical art : an analysis of the peripheral art market in Finland
Contemporary art and its commercial markets : a report on current conditions and future scenarios
Sotheby's : the inside story
Cent objets disparus : pillage en Afrique = One hundred missing objects : looting in Africa
Art market research : a guide to methods and sources
Art of murder
Right about now : art & theory since the 1990s / [editors: Margriet Schavemaker, Mischa Rakier ; contributors: Jennifer Allen...[et al.]]
The principles of price formation on the Russian contemporary art market
The protection of movable cultural property. 2, Compendium of legislative texts
The AMM guide to provenance research / Nancy H. Yeide, Konstantin Akinsha, Amy L. Walsh
Impressionist and modern drawings and watercolors
Potentials : design in the field : new discourse on craft development 1-2
The art fair age : on art fairs as urban entertainment centers ; art fair curators ; expanded painting ; collecting ; and new fairism = La era de las ferias : acerca de la ferias como centros urbanos de entretenimiento, los curadores de ferias, la pintura / Paco Barragán
Conceptual art and the politics of publicity
