http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1157 water systems
water systems bodies of water
Mechanics of sediment transport
Suomen kartasto = Atlas of Finland. Appendix 132, Water
Mekong erosion, hydropower development and sediment trapping by the reservoirs
On the ecology of perch, Perca fluviatilis L., in acid waters of southern Finland
Pasvik Water Quality until 2013 : Environmental Monitoring Programme in the Norwegian, Finnish and Russian Border Area
Zoogeography of the land and inland waters
Kymijoen vesistön alaosan vesien käytön kokonaissuunnitelma. 4, Ennuste vesistöjen veden laadusta 1980-luvun alussa : Forecast state of the water bodies at the beginning of the 1980s
Developing a Canoe Tour for Upitrek Ltd.
Finland possesses 72 waterway systems of over 200 square kilometres in size. The five largest of them account for the majority of the country's surface area. Furthermore, there are almost 188,000 lakes of more than five ares in size. Altogether 9.9 percent of the surface area consists of water. The lakes have been created over the last 10,000 years or so, either through the emergence of their basins from beneath the ice sheet of the last glaciation or, in most cases, through isolation from the Baltic basin. In this article, the post-glacial history of the main watercourses and lake basins in Finland and the effects of recent human activity on them and on the quality of their water are examined.On account of the uneven pattern of land uplift, most of the large waterway systems, such as the Saimaa, Päijänne, Näsijärvi, and Puula watercourses of the Lake District, have altered their outflow in the course of time, some of them more than once. The majority of these hydrological changes took place in the interval 8500-4500 BP. In the case of Lake Oulujärvi and Lake Vanajavesi, a transgression that has been going on for thousands of years has led to rises in water level of as much as 10-15 metres. In the case of Lake Höytiäinen, uncontrolled erosion of the outflow channel in connection with an effort at lowering the water level led to a sudden drop of almost ten metres. Elsewhere, the changes in outflow channels meant that the main watershed in the Lake District shifted up to 300 kilometres in a SE-NW direction. Meanwhile, human activity has led to the total or partial drainage of about 3,000 lakes in different parts of the country. About four-fifths of the inland water area in Finland is of good or excellent water quality and only five percent is of moderate or poor quality.
Critical loads for acidification of surface waters in Northern Fennoscandia (Nordkalotten)
Acid waters in Wales
The wavewatcher's companion
Ultimate canoe & kayak adventures : 100 extraordinary paddling experiences
Development proposals to the water monitoring and management of Hartbeespoort Dam
Survey of 40 lakes : from headwaters to lowland lakes
Rivers
Transport, bioavailability and effects of Ky-5 and CCA wood preservative components in aquatic environment
Monitoring ecological impacts : concepts and practice in flowing waters
Role of nutrients in regulation of the phytoplankton community in the Archipelago Sea, northern Baltic Sea
Precipitation-induced runoff and leaching from milled peat mining mires by peat types : a comparative method for estimating the loading of water bodies during peat pruduction
Suomen vesistöjen käyttökelpoisuus 1970-luvun lopussa = Usability of the Finnish water courses in the end of the 1970.
Finland : land of islands and waters
Fish communities in South-Finnish lakes and their responses to biomanipulation assessed by experimental gillnetting
Scottish marine crannogs
Integrated lake-watershed acidification
Abstract.
Development of analytical methods for ultra-trace determination of total mercury and methyl mercury in natural water and peat soil samples for environmental monitoring
Recent spatiotemporal changes and main determinants of aquatic macrophyte vegetation in large lakes in Finland
Join renowned artist Joe Francis Dowden for the ultimate masterclass in representing water through the medium of watercolour. Follow step-by-step instructions to replicate Dowden's own stunning true-to-life work, or experiment with a variety of paints and other materials to create your own masterpieces. A must-have for all accomplished artists, as well as devotees of Dowden's fresh and accessible approach to land and seascapes.
A safe and sustainable world : the promise of ecological design
Beach management : priciples and practice
River restoration
Trace substances, environment and health
Potential and limitations of phosphate retention media in water protection : a process-based review of laboratory and field-scale tests
Large-scale ecology : model systems to global perspectives
Abstract: Economic Aspects of Baltic Sea Protection.
Water-based tourism, sport, leisure and recreation experiences
Kymijoen vesistön yläosan vesien käytön kokonaissuunitelma : käyttökelpoisyysluokitus vedenhankintaa varten = classification of usability for water supply
Effects of organic material on the bioavailability, toxicokinetics and toxicity of xenobiotics in freshwater organisms
This study analyzes the economic feasibility of gypsum amendment as a means to reduce particulate and dissolved phosphorus loads from arable areas. To this end, an optimization model is developed that includes gypsum amendment as well as matching phosphorus fertilization to crop need and the level of soil phosphorus reserves as phosphorus load mitigation measures, with soil phosphorus reserves measured by soil test phosphorus (STP). The optimal extent of gypsum amendment is then determined simultaneously with optimal fertilization use as a function of field STP level. The results indicate that whether or not gypsum amendment is economically feasible depends on field erosion susceptibility and STP level. When accounting for the costs and benefits to the society on the whole, gypsum treatment suits best to mitigation of phosphorus losses from soils with excessively high phosphorus reserves; once a threshold STP level is reached, gypsum amendment is optimally given up. This threshold level depends on field slope and on society's willingness to pay for water quality.
This report provides an accessible resource on the state of the world's fresh, coastal, and marine waters and how water usage and social, economic, and environmental factors are related. The 40 color graphics, together with maps and accompanying texts, illustrate how the quantity, quality, and availability of fresh and marine waters play a major role in determining levels and patterns of poverty, land degradation, pollution, sanitation, health, and rural and urban development worldwide. In addition, they show water trends with examples from the past two decades, revealing present trends and addressing potential future scenarios. Includes a CD-ROM version. Presented in a four-ring binder (10.25x12.5").  Annotation copyrighted by Book News, Inc., Portland, OR.
On the effects of eutrophication on Lake Päijänne, Central Finland
Maritime Ireland : an archaeology of coastal communities
Recreational trail use of residents in Jasper National Park, Canada
Occurence and origin of trifluoroacetate in precipitation
Freshwater management : global versus local perspectives
Carbon dynamics in eutrophic, temperate lakes
Sense of water
Addressing the demand for and supply of ecosystem services in agriculture through market-based and target-based policy measures
Gypsum amendment as a means to reduce agricultural phosphorus loading : an economic appraisal
Principles of ecosystem stewardship : resilience-based natural resource management in a changing world
More studies on the water exchange and the nutrients of the gulf of Riga
Predation : Direct and indirect impacts on aquatic communities
Cram101 textbook outlines to accompany: Remote sensing of the environment : an earth resource perspective [by] Jensen, 1st edition
Counterfactual approach for assessing agri-environmental policy : theory with an application to Finnish water protection policy
Fate and transport of organic chemicals in the environment : a practical guide
Fishery in open waters
Interpretation of changes caused by waste water loading on the basis of zoobenthos and sediment analyses in Lake Vanajavesi
Veden kuvajaiset : elämää Karvianjoen vesistössä = Reflections on the water : life in the karvianjoki watershed
Inland waters of tropical Asia and Australia : conservation and management
Good ecological status : reference conditions for surface waters : eig[h]th Scientific and Technical Review : proceedings, 24-25, October 2001
The application of phosphorus (P)-sorbing materials offers a possible solution for treating municipal wastewater  and agricultural runoff. In this paper we discuss P retention and release mechanisms, and review studies on the P  retention of different materials and their use as reactive media in filter beds. The main mechanisms for P retention  are sorption on metal (mostly Fe or Al) hydroxide surfaces and, in alkaline conditions, the formation of Ca-P  precipitates. The retention of P is strongly affected by the chemical composition of a material, its particle size and  pH-related effects on sorption and precipitation both during testing and in practical operation. Laboratory tests  are sensitive to solution chemistry (pH, alkalinity, ionic strength and composition, P concentration) and affected by  material-to-solution ratio, contact time and agitation. Moreover, due to deviations from realistic field conditions,  laboratory tests may produce imprecise estimates of the retention capacity and retention kinetics. In particular,  materials that contain soluble substances (e.g., CaO) that elevate the pH of the ambient solution to high levels may  in batch tests suggest a high capacity for P retention, but will most probably show much lower retention in field  settings. On the other hand, materials containing metal oxides also retain P via slow reactions, and their retention  capacity may be underestimated in short equilibrations. Appropriate laboratory test procedures will depend  on their intended applications and material properties. Long-term field-scale tests are few in number, but some of  them have shown promising results. Field-scale tests have, however, highlighted the design of the filters as a critical  factor in their efficiency.
We applied gypsum (CaSO4×2 H2O) amendments to 100 m² plots within two clay-textured fields, one under shallow cultivation to 10 cm depth and the other ploughed to 20 cm depth. Unamended plots and plots subjected to a CaCO3 (finely ground limestone) application served as controls. Separate soil monoliths (30 cm in diameter, 40 cm in depth) were collected for laboratory rainfall simulations from all plots 7, 19 and 31 months after the initial application of the amendments. Water passed through the monoliths during these simulations was analysed for turbidity, dissolved and particulate phosphorus (DRP and PP), nitrogen species, dissolved organic carbon (DOC), as well as dissolved Ca²⁺, Mg²⁺, K⁺ and S, pH, and electrical conductivity (EC). Over the three-year monitoring period, gypsum amended soils exhibited substantial decreases in turbidity (45%), PP (70%), DRP (50%) and DOC (35%) relative to control samples. The effects gradually decreased with time, and after 31 months gypsum effects on P species were detectible, but no longer statistically significant. We consider gypsum amendments as a potential tool for slowing P loss from agricultural areas with high P loss potential.
Environmental drivers of lake profundal macroinvertebrate community variation : implications for bioassessment
Handbook of environmental engineering calculations
Trip motivations among water-based recreationists
Bioavailability assessment of sediment-associated organic compounds through desorption and pore water concentration
Jinxiu Zhonghua = Enchanting beauties of China
Travel guide to Tibet of China
Rivers of the United States. Vol.  3, The eastern and southeastern states
The European waterways : a users guide
Why invest in watershed management?
Joint Polish–Finnish sampling of surface waters around the phosphogypsum waste stacks in Gdańsk and Police from 1 to 3 July 2013 : results of the expedition
Lake tourism : an integrated approach to lacustrine tourism systems
Developing a canoe tour for Upitrek  Ltd
The Microbial degradation of oil pollutants : workshop held at Georgia State University, Atlanta, December, 1972
Aquatic Invasions : International Journal of Research on Biological Invasions in Aquatic Ecosystems
Application of mathematical modeling for water environment problems
Kymijoen vesistön yläosan vesien käytön kokonaissuunitelma : käyttökelpoisyysluokitus virkistyskäyttöä varten = classification of usability for recreational use
Past, present and future : assessing changes in aquatic environments using subfossil diatoms
Watersheds of the world : ecological value and vulnerability
Bioremediation of aquatic and terrestrial ecosystems
The ecology of aquatic insects
Our objective was to incorporate the effects of gypsum on phosphorus (P) losses into the field-scale ICECREAM model and to simulate the treatment of 93 ha of clayey soil with gypsum in a catchment located in southern Finland. In addition to the gypsum effects, a macropore flow description was added to ICECREAM. First, a sensitivity analysis was performed for the new macropore parameters, retrieved from a literature survey. After this, the model was calibrated for a reference period by setting of the macropore parameters to correspond to the P losses observed in the catchment experiment. Next, the effect of gypsum was added to the model in line with laboratory and field experiments that suggested decreased P losses and changed hydraulic properties of the soil. Finally, the modified model was verified for four seasons after the gypsum amendment in the catchment experiment. The model was able to simulate the P losses in three out of the four seasons. According to the simulations, gypsum reduced total P losses by 44%. Although the effect of gypsum on P and erosion is a complex process, our relatively simple modifications to the ICECREAM model described the impact with reasonable accuracy. However, to increase confidence in the performance of the model, it should be tested under other environmental conditions.
Analysis of lake and river flow regime alteration to assess impacts of hydraulic structures
The River : TV-documentary according of Finnish history
Water pollution by effluents from wood-processing industry - problems in the past
Assessment of aquatic pollution, remedial measures and juridical obligations of an acid sulphate soil area in western Finland
Managing erosion, sediment transport and water quality in drained peatland catchments
Finland : Land of Islands and Waters
This thesis examined hydrological processes such as snowmelt and groundwater discharge in drained peatland areas in the boreal zone. The studied processes were measured in situ using environmental tracers. Further, performance of a treatment wetland was studied during snowmelt and high flow. A GIS model was developed to estimate groundwater seepage areas in peatland systems surrounding eskers.It was found that soil frost had a clear impact on water quality during snowmelt. This was evident as lower suspended sediments, water colour and dissolved organic carbon concentrations, among other changes. The treatment wetland was found to reduce the suspended solids load during the snowmelt period and late autumn, while reductions in phosphorus and nitrogen loads occurred during summer. A sampling algorithm was built to test how different sampling frequencies affected the estimation of suspended solid loads from the constructed wetland. The results showed increasing uncertainty for sparser sampling (from weekly to monthly sampling), but the uncertainty remained high even at weekly sampling. The GIS model was tested on two eskers and shown to give a fair estimate of groundwater discharge locations. It can thus be used for improving aquifer protection in boreal eskers related to the drainage networks surrounding them. However, to be applied more widely, further efforts are required.The findings in this thesis could be used to develop better water management policies for peat extraction areas, or other industries operating in similar soils and climate. For example, meltwater could be allowed to temporarily bypass treatment facilities in areas with deep soil frost penetration. The wetland study showed that peatland-based wetlands are a suitable approach for improving water treatment performance even under variable hydraulic loads. The uncertainty in the estimated load from a small peat extraction catchment was high, which might limit the use of such data for some purposes. Load estimation methods using the concentration data collected during previous years might be able to reduce the uncertainty, but if the uncertainty needs to be lowered substantially use of sensor technology might be the only viable approach.
Encounters with ancient Beijing : its legacy in trees, stone and water
Advances in soil and water conservation
Climate and heat balance components for the Lake Ladoga drainage basin obtained with observational and modelled data
Monitoring of waterways in the North Karelian biosphere reserve and nearby areas, Finland
Water pollution & health
African water resource database : GIS-based tools for inland aquatic resource management. 2, Technical manual and workbook
Agricultural phosphorus and water quality : sources, transport and management
Sound underwater images : a guide to the generation and interpretation of side scan sonar data
The western spread of Permic hydronyms
Tibet : natural resources and scenery
The Usborne first encyclopedia of our world
Rivers : a voyage into the heart of Britain
Environmental monitoring programme for aquatic ecosystems in the Norwegian, Finnish and Russian border area : updated implementation guidelines
Nature, culture and gender : re-reading the folktale
Availability of automatic water quality monitoring for Finnish watercourses = Vesistöjen laadun automaattisen tarkkailun käyttömahdollisuudet Suomessa
Spatial and temporal variability of macroinvertebrate assemblages in boreal streams : implications for conservation and bioassessment
The living marine resources of Namibia
Data on the nature of Finland
African water resource database : GIS-based tools for inland aquatic resource management. 1, Concepts and application case studies
The vulnerable brain and environmental risks. Vol. 3, Toxins in air and water
Review of potentially harmful substances : carcinogens
Uncertainties of climatic change impacts in Finnish watersheds : a Bayesian network analysis of expert knowledge
Gypsum amendment of soils reduces phosphorus losses in an agricultural catchment
Evaluation of microcosm systems for determining the persistence of chlorocatechols in the aquatic environment
The rain forests of home : profile of a North American bioregion
White water north Alps : 60 classic runs for kayakers and rafters in Switzerland, Austria, Germany and North East Italy
Science and conservation of vernal pools in northeastern North America
Acute toxicity of birch tar oil on aquatic organisms
The Water's Edge In Cross Stitch
Benefits of reduced eutrophication : evidence from Finland, the Baltic Sea area and Europe for policy making
Opportunities for reducing environmental emissions from forage-based dairy farms
Environmental modelling : finding simplicity in complexity
Vital water graphics : an overview of the state of the world's fresh and marine waters
The effects of gypsum on the transfer of phosphorus and other nutrients through clay soil monolithss
Vesistöjen veden laatu nykyisin = Present state of water bodies : Vesihallitus, Läntisen Uudenmaan vesien käytön kokonaissuunnitelma
Diatoms from Lake Pulmankijärvi, northern Finland and the coast of Varangerfjorden, northern Norway
Long-term nutrient load management and lake restoration : case of Säkylän Pyhäjärvi (SW Finland)
Regional lake surveys in the Barents region of Finland, Norway, Sweden and Russian Kola (1995) : results
Nutrients in natural waters
Textbook of limnology
We estimated the changes in the losses of particulate and dissolved phosphorus (P) after treating 93 ha of agricultural  fields with gypsum (4 t ha -1) in a 245 ha catchment in southern Finland. Runoff was monitored using online  sensors and manual sampling during one high-flow period before and six periods after the gypsum amendment.  Turbidity recorded by the sensors correlated with particulate P analysed in the laboratory, which enabled  the evaluation of changes in particulate P from the online data. Using a covariance model, gypsum amendment  was estimated to have reduced the loss of particulate P by 64%. The loss of dissolved reactive P appeared to decrease  by one third, but was estimated with less precision. No such changes were found during the same period  in a nearby "reference" catchment, where gypsum was not used. Gypsum did not affect soil test values for P, K, Mg  or Ca, but it did increase the ionic strength and soil test SO₄. In clayey catchments discharging into the sea, gypsum  may provide an efficient means to reduce P losses from field cultivation. The duration of the gypsum effect and  impact of SO₄ associated with gypsum amendment on the ecology of rivers and lakes has yet to be determined.
AQUATOX - ecological risk assessment model : a tool for impact assessment for waters
Modern dairy production is inevitably associated with impacts to the environment and the challenge for the industry today is to increase production to meet growing global demand while minimising emissions to the environment. Negative environmental impacts include gaseous emissions to the atmosphere, of ammonia from livestock manure and fertiliser use, of methane from enteric fermentation and manure management, and of nitrous oxide from nitrogen applications to soils and from manure management. Emissions to water include nitrate, ammonium, phosphorus, sediment, pathogens and organic matter, deriving from nutrient applications to forage crops and/or the management of grazing livestock. This paper reviews the sources and impacts of such emissions in the context of a forage-based dairy farm and considers a number of potential mitigation strategies, giving some examples using the farm-scale model SIMSDAIRY. Most of the mitigation measures discussed are associated with systemic improvements in the efficiency of production in dairy systems. Important examples of mitigations include: improvements to dairy herd fertility, that can reduce methane and ammonia emissions by up to 24 and 17%, respectively; diet modification such as the use of high sugar grasses for grazing, which are associated with reductions in cattle N excretion of up to 20% (and therefore lower N losses to the environment) and potentially lower methane emissions, or reducing the crude protein content of the dairy cow diet through use of maize silage to reduce N excretion and methane emissions; the use of nitrification inhibitors with fertiliser and slurry applications to reduce nitrous oxide emissions and nitrate leaching by up to 50%. Much can also be achieved through attention to the quantity, timing and method of application of nutrients to forage crops and utilising advances made through genetic improvements.
Earthsong
Ladoga and Onego - great European lakes : observations and modelling
The fate of EDTA and DTPA in aquatic environments receiving waste waters from the two pulp and paper mills
Weighted averaging models in contemporary freshwater monitoring with benthic invertebrate assemblages
Handbook of catchment management
Lake restoration
Runoff generation and load estimation in drained peatland areas
Does scale matter? : cost-effectiveness of agricultural nutrient abatement when target level varies
River story
The mathematics of hydrology and water resources : based on the proceedings of the Conference on mathematics of hydrology and water resources held at the University of Lancaster in July 1976, organized by the Institute of mathematics and its applications
A rainfall simulation study on the relationships between soil test P versus dissolved and potentially bioavailable particulate phosphorus forms in runoff
The water environment : algal toxins and health
Modelling endocrine disruption : quantitative structure-activity relationships for three estrogenic end-points
Assessing the conservation value of fresh waters : an international perspective
Suomen vesistöjen käyttökelpoisuus 1980-luvun alussa = Usability of the Finnish water courses in the beginning of the 1980's
Geochemistry and water quality of Lake Qarun, Egypt
The River Torne International Watershed : common Finnish and Swedish typology, reference conditions and a suggested harmonised monitoring program : results from the TRIWA project
Simulated effects of gypsum amendment on phosphorus losses from agricultural soils
Sailor's wisdom : day by day
Hvítá : from source to sea
Global perspectives on river conservation : science, policy and practice
Acidification remediation alternatives : exploring the temporal dimension with cost benefit analysis
Testate amoebae (thecamoebians) as indicators of aquatic mine impact
Patterns of aquatic macrophytes in the boreal region : implications for spatial scale issues and ecological assessment
Anthropogenic changes in Finnish lakes during the past 150 years inferred from benthic invertebrates and their sedimentary remains
A river
Diffuse load abatement with biodiversity co-benefits : the optimal rotation age and buffer zone size
Sustainable tourism in the English Lake District
Impact of acid precipitation on forest and freshwater ecosystems in Norway
Managing the resource the river Ume/Vindelälven : a review
Nature anatomy : the curious parts & pieces of the natural world
Toxicants in aqueous ecosystems : a guide for the analytical and environmental chemist
Water Wars : is the world's water running out?
Interactions between sediments and fresh water : proceedings of an International symposium held at Amsterdam, the Netherlands, September 6-10, 1976
Responses of brown trout and benthic invertebrates to catchment-scale disturbance and in-stream restoration measures in boreal river systems
Päijänteen alueen vesien käytön kokonaissuunnitelma : vesistöjen nykyinen käyttökelpoisuus = the present usability of the waters
More from agriculture : testing the concept and practise of locally driven environmental initiatives
Nutrient and bacterial load transport in the River Vuoksi : model based estimation of aquatic effects from present and planned wastewater treatment plants
Research overview 1990-1991
Sustainable forest management : from principles to practice
The Skagerrak experiment : Skagex report 1988-1994 : Skagex atlas, user's guide
Kymijoen vesistön alaosan vesien käytön kokonaissuunnitelma. 2, Vesistöjen veden laatu nykyisin : Present state of water bodies
Land cover mapping of Queen Maud Gulf Migratory Bird Sanctuary, Nunavut
Applied principles of hydrology
Biodiversity in the Baltic Sea : an integrated thematic assessment on biodiversity and nature conservation in the Baltic Sea
Genetic structure at different spatial scales in metapopulations of Silene tatarica
Report of the FAO workshop on vulnerable ecosystems and destructive fishing in deep-sea fisheries : Rome, 26-29 June 2007
PAHs: comparative biotransformation and trophic transfer of their metabolites in the aquatic environment : fate of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in aquatic experiments
Aquatic insects : challenges to populations : proceedings of the Royal Entomological Society's 24th symposium
Soil and water conservation engineering
The watershed simulation and forecasting system in the National Board of Water and the Environment
Water quality critera for European freshwater fish : revised report on combined effects on freshwater fish and other aquatic life of mixtures of toxicants in water
Hydrological data registers of the Water Research Institute
Ecological impacts of in-stream restoration in salmonid rivers : the role of enhanced structural complexity
Long-term changes in lake and river systems in Finland
The naturetrail omnibus
How to paint water in watercolour
Modelling of the biospheric transfer of radionuclides released from thegeosphere into a lake
State of the terrestrial environment in the joint Finnish, Norwegian and Russian border area on the basis of bioindicators : final technical report of the Pasvik Environment Monitoring Programme
Heavy metals in water organisms
Main upwelling regions in the Baltic Sea : a statistical analysis based on three-dimensional modelling
