http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11562 fishing vessels
fishing vessels
Model plan for a Pacific Island country : national plan of action to prevent, deter and eliminate illegal, unreported and unregulated fishing
Safety practices related to small fishing vessel stability
Voluntary guidelines for the design, construction and equipment of small fishing vessels 2005
Report of the Joint FAO/IMO ad Hoc Working Group on Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing and Related Matters : Rome, 9-11 October 2000.
The silver darlings
Dangerous work : diary of an Arctic adventure
Stephen Biesty's incredible cross-sections
The use of ice on small fishing vessels
Code of safety for fishermen and fishing vessels 2005.. Part A, Safety and health practice
Analysis of the vessels over 100 tons in the global fishing fleet
Report of the Ad hoc Meeting of Experts on the Application of the Agreement to Promote Compliance with International Conservation and Management Measures by Fishing Vessels on the High Seas : Valletta, Malta, 6-8 March 1995 = Rapport de la Réunion ad hoc d'experts pour la mise en application de l'Accord visant à favoriser le respect par les navires de pêche en haute mer des measures internationales de conservation et de gestion : La Valetta, Malte, 6-8 mars 1995
STCW-F 95 : International convention on standards of training, certification and watchkeeping for fishing vessel personnel, 1995, including the final act of the international conference on standards of training, certification and watchkeeping for fishing vessel personnel, 1995, and resolutions adopted by the conference
The new observer's book of ships
Report of the expert consultation on the development of a comprehensive global record of fishing vessels : Rome, 25-28 February 2008.
Report of the FAO technical consultation to identify a structure and strategy for the development and implementation of the global record of fishing vessels, refrigerated transport vessels and supply vessels, Rome, 8-12 November 2010.
Engineering applications. 3, Hydraulics for small fishing vessels
Fuel and financial savings for operators of small fishing vessels
The snack thief
Fishing boat construction. 4, Building an undecked fibreglass reinforced plastic boat
FAO investigates ferro-cement fishing craft : laboratory analysis, construction methods, service experience : ... from the papers and discussions of the first FAO seminar on the design and construction of ferro-cement fishing vessels held in Wellington, New Zealand, from 9 to 13 Oct. 1972
Freezing and refrigerated storage in fisheries
Safety recommendations for decked fishing vessels of less than 12 metres in length and undecked fishing vessels
Seafood ships
Model scheme on port state measures to combat illegal, unreported and unregulated fishing = Dispositif type relatif aux mesures du ressort de l'état du port dans le contexte de la lutte contre la pêche illicite, non déclarée et non réglementée = Modelo de sistema sobre las medidas del estado rector del puerto destinadas a combatir la pesca ilegal, no declarada y no reglamentada
Report of the Expert Consultation on Fishing Vessels Operating under Open Registries and their Impact on Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing : Miami, Florida, United States of America, 23-25 September 2003.
Deadliest catch : Vaarallisilla vesillä. 1, The complete first season
A reference book listing almost 600 whale ships employed in the Southern Fishery from Britain for the first forty years of that industry. A snapshots of the 'life histories' of each ship in terms of owners, masters and voyages is provided for this global trade.
Report of the twenty-sixth session of the Committee on Fisheries : Rome, 7-11 March 2005.
Fishing vessel stability : a state of art review
Report of the Expert Consultation on the Use of Vessel Monitoring Systems and Satellites for Fisheries Monitoring, Control and Surveillance, Rome, 24-26 October 2006.
European fisheries at a tipping point = La pesca europea ante un cambio irreversible
Review of fisheries in OECD countries : country statistics 2002-2004
Report of the nineteenth session of the Coordinating Working Party on Fishery Statistics : Nouméa, New Caledonia, 10-13 July 2001.
The boat that rocked
The influence of commercial fisheries in daily activity of Audoins Gull Larus audouinii in the Ebro Delta, NE Spain
Report of the twenty-first session of the Coordinating Working Party on Fishery Statistics : Copenhagen, Denmark, 1-4 March 2005.
Report of the Sub-Regional Fisheries Commission Workshop on Vessel Monitoring Systems : Saly, Senegal, 14-17 October 2002.
In many areas of the world, finding the type of timber needed to build a good quality wooden boat is becoming a problem. As a result, Fiberglass Reinforced Plastic (FRP) is beginning to be used by many wooden boat builders. The information provided in this manual relates specifically to production of a 4.5 m open fishing boat called the MDV- 1. The boat is intended for both rowing and power propulsion. Its general-purpose design is suitable for inshore waters around the world. A general basic knowledge in the use of FRP as a boatbuilding material is presented and step by step construction of a 4.5 m open fishing boat using FRP is set out in detail. In addition, the booklet describes how to maintain an FRP boat and how to recognize fatigue problems. Some simple guidelines on how to repair minor damage to FRP are also included. The information is intended for less experienced boatbuilders who already have a plug or mould. This manual will also be a useful aid for maintaining and improving quality control practiced by boatbuilders who already have some experience working with this material.--Publisher's description.
Report of the FAO/SPC Regional Expert Consultation on Sea Safety in Small Fishing Vessels : Suva, Fiji, 9-13 February 2004.
Report of the twentieth session of the Coordinating Working Party on Fishery Statistics : Victoria, Seychelles, 21-24 January 2003.
Fishing boat designs. 2, V-bottom boats of planked plywood construction
Fishing boat construction. 1, Building a sawn-frame fishing boat
Techno-economic performance of marine capture fisheries
Fishing vessel execution of acoustic surveys of deep-sea species : main issues and way forward
Efficiency, risk and regulation compliance : applications to Lake Victoria fisheries in Tanzania
The operational units approach for fisheries management in the Mediterranean Sea
Multilingual dictionary of fishing vessels and safety on board
Case studies on the effects of transferable fishing rights on fleet capacity and concentration of quota ownership
Requirements for fishing boats and vessels : navigation, safety and hygiene
Report of the Expert Consultation on Flag State Performance : Rome, 23-26 June 2009.
Code of safety for fishermen and fishing vessels 2005.. Part B, Safety and health requirements for the construction and equipment of fishing vessels
Decisions of the World Court relevant to the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea : a reference guide
Fishing fleet profiling methodology
Economic performance and fishing efficiency of marine capture fisheries
An alphabetical list of ships employed in the South Sea whale fishery from Britain : 1775-1815
Research vessel design
This document introduces some basic principles of the stability of small fishing vessels and provides simple guidance on what fishing vessel crews can do to maintain adequate stability for their vessels. It is not intended to be a complete course on fishing vessel stability. The publication is aimed at fishers and their families, fishing vessel owners, boat builders, competent authorities and others who are interested in the safety of fishing vessels and fishers.-- Publisher's description.
Summary: Fishing vessel Masi, FIN 219-V, drowning of a fisherman on 5 November 2008 in Hanö bay, Sweden.
