http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1150 literary works
literary works
Intellectual property and international trade : the TRIPs agreement
Double-edged imitation : theories and practices of pastiche in literature
The book that changed Europe : Picart & Bernard's Religious ceremonies of the world
The revolution
The Cambridge introduction to Margaret Atwood
How to : write better copy
The elements of style
The anatomy of influence : literature as a way of life
"The answer to the machine is in the machine" and other collected writings
Doing a literature search : a comprehensive guide for the social sciences
Who was William Shakespeare? : an introduction to the life and works
The Brooklyn follies : a novel
Copyright and information limits to the protection of literary and pseudo-literary works in the member states of the European Communities
The new abolitionists : (neo)slave narratives and contemporary prison writings
Reading between the lines
How to write a sentence and how to read one
Classics of Protestantism
A handbook of copyright in British publishing practice
Music education : source readings from Ancient Greece to today
Continuity and transformation : the influence of literature and drama on cinema as a process of cultural continuity and renewal
The house of forgery in eighteenth-century Britain
Copyright in the cultural industries
The economic structure of intellectual property law
Write on : the writer's help book
Martin Luther as prophet, teacher, hero : images of the reformer, 1520-1620
Headlines, article extracts are sometimes copyrightable
Your creative writing masterclass : advice from the best on writing successful novels, screenplays and short stories
"Who are the people most qualified to teach writing? Surely it is the authors whose work has endured for decades, or even a century or more? Full to the brim with tips, quotes and examples from today's most famous writers, Your Creative Writing Masterclass shows all aspiring writers how to overcome fear, get past excuses, and start writing. It offers practical advice from the likes of Graham Greene, Murakami, Raymond Chandler, Dickens and Shakespeare on developing your niche, your writing style and your creativity. More than just a 'how-to' book, Your Creative Writing Masterclass is a friendly companion and coach, providing all the strategies needed to become a full-time writer and build a successful writing career. Using exercises, quotes and encouragement, Jurgen Wolff - with a little help from his friends - shows you how to hook readers and keep them engaged and offers powerful tips on how to stay motivated and transform your inner critic into a constructive guide to get past the dreaded writer's block."--Publisher's description.
Erotic pathos, rhetorical pleasure : narrative technique and mimesis in Eumathios Makrembolites' Hysmine & Hysminias
Editing women
Reference guide to Africa : a bibliography of sources
Origin and originality in Rushdie's fiction
Shakespeare, the movie. 2, Popularizing the plays on film, tv, video, and DVD
Origen, spirit and fire : a thematic anthology of his writings
What is a work of literature?
Learning the hard way : how a narrative structure can bring out the positive power of failure
Stuff and nonsense
Without copyrights : piracy, publishing, and the public domain
Writing down the bones : freeing the writer within
The complete handbook of novel writing : everything you need to know about creating & selling your work
Decolonizing the madwoman. Voyage into Jean Rhys's Wide Sargasso Sea
Translation, rewriting and the manipulation of literary fame
New and selected essays
The creative writer's style guide : rules and advice for writing fiction and creative nonfiction
The Atina dossier of Peter the Deacon of Monte Cassino : a hagiographical romance of the twelfth century
Annotation and its texts
Texts in multiple versions : histories of editions
Perspectives of scholarly editing = Perspektiven der Textedition
Books in motion : adaptation, intertextuality, authorship
Semiotics of narration : film and prose fiction
Relations with reality
Copyright of literary works in EU law
Rethinking the novel/film debate
365 ways to get you writing : daily inspiration and advice for creative writers
Starting to fail : what startups can learn from failure
Textual criticism and scholarly editing
First pages : a poetics of titles
The politics of editing
Thomas Hardy on screen
Writing with a purpose
Who owns academic work? : battling for control of intellectual property
The Construction of authorship : textual appropriation in law and literature
Joseph Brodsky and the Soviet muse
"Margaret Atwood offers an immensely influential voice in contemporary literature. Her novels have been translated into over 22 languages and are widely studied, taught and enjoyed. Her style is defined by her comic wit and willingness to experiment. Her work has ranged across several genres, from poetry to literary and cultural criticism, novels, short stories and art. This Introduction summarizes Atwood's canon, from her earliest poetry and her first novel, The Edible Woman, through The Handmaid's Tale to The Year of the Flood. Covering the full range of her work, it guides students through multiple readings of her oeuvre. It features chapters on her life and career, her literary, Canadian and feminist contexts, and how her work has been received and debated over the course of her career. With a guide to further reading and a clear, well organised structure, this book presents an engaging overview for students and readers"--Provided by publisher.
Two French Protestant refugees in eighteenth-century Amsterdam gave the world an extraordinary work that intrigued and outraged readers across Europe. In this captivating account, Lynn Hunt, Margaret Jacob, and Wijnand Mijnhardt take us to the vibrant Dutch Republic and its flourishing book trade to explore the work that sowed the radical idea that religions could be considered on equal terms. Famed engraver Bernard Picart and author and publisher Jean Frederic Bernard produced "The Religious Ceremonies and Customs of All the Peoples of the World", which appeared in the first of seven folio volumes in 1723. They put religion in comparative perspective, offering images and analysis of Jews, Catholics, Muslims, the peoples of the Orient and the Americas, Protestants, deists, freemasons, and assorted sects. Despite condemnation by the Catholic Church, the work was a resounding success. For the next century it was copied or adapted, but without the context of its original radicalism and its debt to clandestine literature, English deists, and the philosophy of Spinoza. Ceremonies and Customs prepared the ground for religious toleration amid seemingly unending religious conflict, and demonstrated the impact of the global on Western consciousness. In this beautifully illustrated book, Hunt, Jacob, and Mijnhardt cast new light on the profound insight found in one book as it shaped the development of a modern, secular understanding of religion.
The margins of the text
Bloom leads readers through the labyrinthine paths which link the writers and critics who have informed and inspired him for so many years.
How to be a writer : the definitive guide to getting published and making a living from writing
The Brooklyn follies
Effective business writing
Stein on writing : a master editor of some of the most successful writers of our century shares his craft techniques and strategies
Using copyrighted works for research purposes
In 2008, J.K. Rowling delivered a deeply affecting commencement speech at Harvard University. Now, due to popular demand, the most-viewed commencement speech on Harvard’s website is published for the first time in book form. In Very Good Lives, J.K. Rowling asks the profound and provocative questions: How can we embrace failure? And how can we use our imagination to better both ourselves and others? Drawing from stories of her own postgraduate years, the world-famous author addresses some of life’s most important issues with acuity and emotional force. Harvard President Drew Gilpin Faust said, “I have heard and read many commencement speeches, none more moving and memorable than J.K. Rowling’s. Years after her visit to Harvard, people still talk about it—and still find inspiration in her singular evocation of the idea that living a meaningful life so often means daring to risk failure. What a powerful example she embodies, and what a remarkable gift her speech was, and is, for all of us privileged to hear it then—and to read it now.” As well as contributing toward university-wide financial aid at Harvard University, sales of Very Good Lives will benefit Lumos, a non-profit international children’s organization founded by J.K. Rowling, which works to end the institutionalization of children around the world.
Creative writing for dummies
The Christianity reader
Writing and personality  : finding your voice, your style, your way
The book as artefact : text and border
Novel to film : an introduction to the theory of adaptation
Alternative scriptwriting : succesfully breaking the rules
Solar system & rest rooms : writings and interviews 1965-2007
No plot? No problem! : a low-stress, high-velocity guide to writing a novel in 30 days
Shakespeare, the movie. [1], Popularizing the plays on film, TV, and video
Shamans, software, and spleens : law and the construction of the information society
Lost, stolen or shredded : stories of missing works of art and literature
The Routledge creative writing coursebook
Conducting research literature reviews : from the Internet to paper
Screening novel women : from British domestic fiction to film
The protection of literary property
Is there a book in you?
Authors and owners : the invention of copyright
Copyright and multimedia products : a comparative analysis
The poetry home repair manual : practical advice for beginning poets
The encyclopedia of novels into film
The founder of National Novel Writing Month (NaNoWriMo), which is conducted each fall, reveals the secrets writing a complete novel in only 30 days. This handbook is the ultimate guide for would-be writers (or those with writer's block) to cultivate their creative selves. Chris Baty, motivator extraordinaire and instigator of a wildly successful writing revolution, spells out the secrets of writing and finishing a novel. Every fall, thousands of people sign up for National Novel Writing Month (NaNoWriMo), which Baty founded, determined to (a) write that novel or (b) finish that novel in 30 days. Now Baty puts pen to paper himself to share the secrets of success. With week-specific overviews, pep talks, and essential survival tips for today's word warriors, this results-oriented, quick-fix strategy is perfect for people who want to nurture their inner artist and then hit print! Anecdotes and success stories from NaNoWriMo winners will inspire writers from the heralding you-can-do-it trumpet blasts of day one to the champagne toasts of day thirty. Whether it's a resource for those taking part in the official NaNo WriMo event, or a stand-alone handbook for writing to come, No Plot? No Problem! is the ultimate guide for would-be writers (or those with writer's block) to cultivate their creative selves.
Adaptations : from text to screen, screen to text
Spatial structures in Conrad's universe : the tension between opening and closing as a literary device
Reading notes
From primitives to Zen : a thematic sourcebook of the history of religions
The novel cure : an A-Z of literary remedies
Very good lives : the fringe benefits of failure and the importance of imagination
