http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11536 ethnic identity
ethnic identity
Ethnic revival, diasporas and host regions : the Eastern Mari
New musical figurations : Anthony Braxton's cultural critique
Children, place and indentity : nation and locality in middle childhood
The myth of japanese uniqueness revisited
Does my head look big in this?
Rethinking mixed race
"The same sun warms the people of Great Britain and us." : British American colonial identity in the 1760's through the texts of James Otis, Jr
The national artifice
The ethnic Chinese in East and Southeast Asia : business, culture and politics
Ethnic identity : strategies of diversity
Identity, survival, and change : exploring social/cultural anthropology
Leadership in libraries : a focus on ethnic-minority librarians
On socio-genealogies in South-West Greenland, 1750-1950 : some explanatory sketches
Key concepts in race and ethnicity
Prior to annexation by the British, Chinram was an independent country. The Chin were soon converted to Christianity. This study focuses on how Christianity has provided the Chin with a means of preserving their national identity in the midst of a multi-ethnic environment.
Intercultural communication experiences of foreign students with a focus on their perspectives of national, cultural and ethnic identity : case of exchange and degree students in Jyväskylä, Finland
Ethnicity, minorities and cultural encounters
Ethnic identities are affected by social changes which force identities, their meanings, and cultural markers connected to them to be adapted to new situations. Among the highland peoples of Southeast Asia in recent decades, the degree of change has been remarkable, encompassing both economic and political transformation, and increased impact and cultural influence from majority populations. As a result, in one of the smaller upland groups of southwestern China, northern Thailand, Laos and central Myanmar—the Akeu—symbols of ethnicity which are related to traditions and outer appearance are losing their significance, while certain selected traditions are still appreciated and are undergoing modification to fit them to new circumstances. Language remains an important marker of Akeu ethnicity. Akeu identity used to carry meanings of illiteracy, poverty, and low status and, as language remains an important marker of Akeu ethnicity, newly invented writing in the Akeu language has become an important means both to preserve oral traditions and to empower the meaning of Akeu identity. However, their developing appreciation of literacy furthers their integration into the nation state and Western-oriented urban cultures.
Ethnic and racial studies
Performing ethnicity, performing gender : transcultural perspectives
Korrika : Basque ritual for ethnic identity
Language and ethnic identity
Pre-modern and modern national identity in Russia and eastern Europe
Russian-speaking immigrant students in Finland : searching for the meaning of languages and cultures
Cultural preservation and identity awareness of ethnic Mongolians in present China : an analysis of the condition of the Mongolian language use in the Inner Mongolia autonomous region
Russians as presented in TV documentaries
Globalization and race : transformations in the cultural production of blackness
How have research agendas on race and ethnic relations changed over the past two decades and what new developments have emerged? Theories of Race and Ethnicity provides a comprehensive and cutting-edge collection of theoretically grounded and empirically informed essays. It covers a range of key issues in race and ethnicity studies, such as genetics and race, post-race debates, racial eliminativism and the legacy of Barack Obama, and mixed race identities. The contributions are by leading writers on a range of perspectives employed in studying ethnicity and race, including critical race feminism, critical rationalism, psychoanalysis, performativity, whiteness studies and sexuality. Written in an authoritative yet accessible style, this volume is suitable for researchers and advanced students, offering scholars a survey of the state of the art in the literature, and students an overview of the field.
Searching for authentic living through native faith : the Maausk movement in Estonia
Minorities : community and identity : report of the Dahlem Workshop on Minorities: Community and Identity, Berlin 1982, Nov. 28 - Dec. 3
Negotiating identities : essays on immigration and culture in present-day Europe
Summary in Estonian.
Writing Canadians : the literary construction of ethnic identitied
Representations of Finnishness in Sweden
Transformations of Estonian Russians' cultural identity after the collapse of the Soviet Union
Culture, globalization and the world system : contemporary conditions for the representation of identity / edited by Anthony D. King
Performing ethnicity among the Nenets and the Veps peoples in Russia
Linguistic and ethnic identity among the Lomwes of Malawi
Pilgrimages = Peregrinajes : theorizing coalition against multiple oppressions
Ethos and identity : three studies in ethnicity
Negotiating Belarusianness : political folklore betwixt and between
Sight unseen : whiteness and American visual culture
Muslim migrants in Europe : a challenge to the policy of the state
Symbols, conflict, and identity : essays in political anthropology
Nationalisms old and new
The role of religion in ethnic self-identity : a Vietnamese community
Language retention in the ethnic identification of Winnipeg's Finnish population
Identities and integration in the context of ethnic migration : a longitudinal, multi-pronged approach to studying Ingrian-Finnish migrants
Manchus in Manchukuo : as a conceptual problem
Ethnicity, nation, culture : central and East European perspectives
Ethnic change
Race and ethnicity : culture, identity and representation
The triple package : what really determines success
The opposite house
Conflict of national identity in Sudan
Ethnicity and two nationalisms : social classification and the power of ideology in Trinidad and Mauritius
Gypsy and traveller ethnicity : the social generation of an ethnic phenomenon
Beyond borders : remaking cultural identities in the new East and Central Europe
Identities of Central-Eastern European nations
Language of the land : policy, politics, identity
A question of choice : an Australian aboriginal dilemma
Uses of the Past in Inter-Ethnic Relations
Myth, magic and farce : four multicultural plays
Constraints on conceptual development : a case study of the acquistion of folkbiological and folksociological knowledge in Madagascar
Who is a Sikh? : the problem of Sikh identity
Literature and racial ambiguity
Ethnicity on parade : inventing the Norwegian American through celebration
Language choices : conditions, constraints, and consequences
Indigenous psychology and national conciousness
Multitude : Young Greens' seminar on crosscultural interaction between European ethnic minorities and the major cultures, Riutula, Inari, Lapland, Finland 1.-8.6.1996 : the final report
Ethnicity and traditions in northern Fenno-Scandinavia : "finns and terfinns" ten years after
This paper presents some of the key results of the INPRES (“Intervening at the pre-migration stage: Providing tools for promoting integration and adaptation”) research project concerning identity and integration of Ingrian Finns migrating from Russia to Finland. Conducted at the University of Helsinki between 2008 and 2011, the aim of the research project was to investigate the factors involved in these migrants' integration processes over the course of the migration process, starting before they move to Finland. The project also aimed to provide researchbased tools to promote integration and positive intergroup relations. In this paper, we discuss our findings that concern the complexity of identities and how they are constructed and change based on context. The role of identities in the formation of acculturation orientations, and anticipated and actual intergroup relations are also discussed. The results presented are derived from our most recent INPRES publications and ongoing work..
Transcultural localisms : responding to ethnicity in a globalized world
Abstract.
The Rastafarian movement has experienced fast growth during recent years in South Africa and especially in the province of Western Cape. This article examines this process through an ethnographic account of a weekly reggae dancehall event held by the Rastafarian Marcus Garvey community in the township of Philippi in Cape Town. During the course of three months of fieldwork the author investigated how recorded Jamaican dancehall music is used in the community and how it is articulated to different Rastafarian identifications within the dancehall space. Several scholars of Rastafari have suggested that contemporary Jamaican dancehall music has had theological impact on the Rastafarian movement, particularly outside of the Caribbean. The article provides an empirical contribution to these discussions by demonstrating that Rastafarians in the Marcus Garvey community have made significant innovations both theologically and musically in relation to their Jamaican counterparts, reorienting contemporary Jamaican popular music as a spiritual practice linked to religious purity norms informed by an international Rastafarian organization, the Nyabinghi Order. As a result Jamaican dancehall music is taking a central position in various moral negotiations within the Marcus Garvey community.
People, material culture and environment in the north : proceedings of the 22nd Nordic Archaeological Conference, University of Oulu, 18-23 August 2004
Zainichi Korean identity and ethnicity
"In this paper, four theories on the causes of civil war are reviewed. One theory, associated with Paul Collier, emphasises feasibility over factors related to grievance. A second theory, espoused by Frances Stewart, focuses on the role of horizontal inequalities. The third theory, identified with William Zartman, highlights the different roles “need, creed and greed” factors play in various phases of a conflict. And the fourth theory, associated with the World Bank / World Development Report 2011, points out “commitment” problems leading to institutional failures as a crucial factor. Each of the theories leads to quite different policy conclusions. Their strengths and weaknesses, and their claimed empirical support, are discussed.In addition, some of the mechanisms underpinning the theories are highlighted on the basis of empirical data. In particular, the central role of horizontal inequalities between social groups is discussed." --Publisher's description.
Ibn al-balad : a concept of Egyptian identity
Ethnic Los Angeles
Ethnic identity and acculturation
Living conditions and consciousness of present-day Ainu : report on the 2008 Hokkaido Ainu living conditions survey
Management of minority status
The significance of autonomy in the discourse of the Hungarian political elite in Romania : an analysis of the demands of teh UDMR and PPMT (2011-2013)
Ethnonational identities ; edited by Steve Fenton and Stephen May
Between two countries : Estonian immigrants' identity construction in Finland
Bjarmaland (also Biarmaland, Biarmia, Byarmia, Bjarmia) and its inhabitants (Bjarmar, Beormas, Biarmar) are known to us through c. 30 medieval written sources, most of them written in Norse, a few in Latin and one in Anglo-Saxon. Majority of the texts were written during the 13th century, but the stories they relate may nevertheless be of earlier date. The Kings' Sagas in particular often refer to 10th century events. Oldest of the sources is the so-called Ohthere's account, a 9th century Anglo-Saxon text added to the OE Orosius translation. The rest of the sources are of Norse-Icelandic origin including a number of konungasögur, a few chronicles and íslendingasögur, some texts of geographical nature, a couple of þáttr, and a number of fornaldarsögur as well as six annals. Additionally Haralds saga gráfeldar contains a few skaldic verses.Written sources locate Bjarmaland to the White Sea. The words Terfinna land connect the location with the Kola Peninsula and the environs of the Varzuga River whereas the name Gandvík guides our interest towards the Kantalahti Bay of the White Sea. The name 'Vína' can be connected with either the Northern Dvina River or Viena Karelia. Written sources portray the Bjarmians as permanently settled group of Baltic Fennic speaking people that lived in the north of Europe since the Viking Age (first mentioned in writing in the 9th century) until the early Middle Ages (mid-13th century). Involvement in the international fur trade is implied and continuous contacts with Norwegians with both looting and trade as integral part of interaction are present in the descriptions. The Bjarmians cannot be connected ethnically with any existing group of people but must be considered as a group of their own. The origin of the specific ethnical identity most likely lies in economical interaction (trade with furs and possibly other items) with neighbouring areas. Since 12th-13th centuries new settlers moved to the northern areas and many political and economical changes occurred in Northern Fennoscandia and Russia, all of which would have contributed to a change that left the Bjarmians out of written sources.
The ethnic identity of Russian-speaking students in Estonia in the context of educational change
Cultural identity and ethnicity in the Pacific
Race, place and globalization : youth cultures in a changing world
Religion and the creation of race and ethnicity : an introduction
Maria Lugones, one of the premiere figures in feminist philosophy, has at last collected some of her most famous essays, as well as some lesser-known gems, into her first book, Pilgrimages/Peregrinajes. A deeply original essayist, Lugones writes from her own perspective as an inhabitant of a number of different 'worlds.' Born in Argentina but living for a number of years in the United States, she sees herself as neither quite a U.S. citizen, nor quite an Argentine. An activist against the oppression of Latino/a people by the dominant U.S. culture, she is also an academic participating in the privileges of that culture. A lesbian, she experiences homophobia in both Anglo and Latino world. A woman, she moves uneasily in the world of patriarchy. Lugones writes out of multiple and conflicting subjectivities that shape her sense of who she is, resisting the demand for a unified self in light of her necessary ambiguities. Pilgrimages/Peregrinajes explores the possibility of deep coalition with other women of color, based on 'multiple understandings of oppressions and resistances'--understandings whose logic she subjects to philosophical investigation.
Identity and religion : international cross-cultural approaches
Race, ethnicity and sexuality : intimate intersections, forbidden frontiers
A stranger in my homeland : the politics of belonging among young people with Kurdish backgrounds in Sweden
Complexions of race : the African Atlantic
Ethnic identities in a transnational world
Theories of race and ethnicity : contemporary debates and perspectives
Ethnic identity
The Sage handbook of identities
The archeology of Russian identity
Friend to friend : a candid exchange between Pearl S. Buck and Carlos P. Romulo
A system of techniques and stratagems for outlining a traditional ethnic identity
Roots in China - childhood in America : the search of ethnic identity in between two cultures : the study of the mother-daughter dialogue in the film "The joy luck club"
Towards a monoethnic state : ethnic minorities in Poland from the end of the Second World War until the present
E pluribus unum : the assimilation paradigm revisited
Our elders teach us : Maya-Kaqchikel historical perspectives : xkib'ij kan gate' qatata'
"A clipped-wing bird ain't a bird." : The quest motif in Sherman Alexie's Flight
JUMPING NYAHBINGHI YOUTHS: LOCAL ARTICULATIONS OF ROOTS REGGAE MUSIC IN A RASTAFARIAN DANCEHALL IN CAPE TOWN
Ethnic conflict and political development
The secret children
Does anybody else look like me? : a parent's guide to raising multiracial children
Sites of ethnicity : Europe and the Americas
The cauldron of ethnicity in the modern world
Inequality and identity : causes of war?
'Race', ethnicity and adoption
Race, politics and community development in U.S. cities
Marginality and identity : Anglo-Indians as a racially-mixed minority in India
Ethnic minority member perspective on leader-member exchange
A peole devided : Buryat mongols in Russia, Mongol and China
Somali immigrants’ needs and expectations towards health care services in Helsinki metropolitan
Nation and destination : creating Cook Islands identity
The ethnic I : a sourcebook for ethnic-American autobiography
Cultures in interaction : construction of ethnic identities in Amy Tan's "The bonesetter's daughter"
In search of Chin identity : a study in religion, politics and ethnic identity in Burma
Does ethnicity matter for European Americans? : interpreting ethnic identity in the post-civil rights era
Rethinking national literatures and the literary canon in Scandinavia
"Multitude" : seminar on Crosscultural interaction between European ethnic minorities and the major cultures, 1.6.-8.6.1996 Riutula, Inari, Lappland, Finland : the final report
American indian ethnic renewal : red power and the resurgence of identity and culture
English and ethnicity
Language, identity, and conflict : a comparative study of language in ethnic conflict in Europe and Eurasia
Triple border regions in Central Europe : the case of Hungary and its neighbours
Dimensions of ethnicity in the African context : some reflections on research approaches
Psychological acculturation and adaptation among Russian-speaking immigrant adolescents in Finland
Migration and identity
