http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11554 Veda
Veda
The Taittirīya Samhitā of the black Yajurveda : with the commentary of Bhatta Bhāskara Mi'sra. Vol. 6, [Kānda 5 : Pra'snas 1-4]
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 32, Vedic hymns
Vaikhānasasmārtasūtram : the domestic rules of the Vaikhānasa school belonging to the black Yajurveda
The Taittirīya Samhitā of the black Yajurveda : with the commentary of Bhatta Bhāskara Mi'sra. Vol. 8, [Kānda 6 : Pra'snas 1-4]
On syllabication in the Vedic language; articles most previously published.
Reflections on resemblance, ritual, and religion
Vaidika-padānukramakosa or a Vedic word-concordance : being a universal register of Vedic vocabulary with introduction, supplement, reverse-index and appendices. Vol. 2, Part 1, (The Brāhmanas and the Āranyakas)
Cosmogonic themes in the Finnish Kalevala epic and Vedic Indian hymns
Facets of Indian philosophical thought
Sanskrit canonical text with English translation and Sanskrit commentary.
Studies in the Gṛhya Prayogas of the Jaiminīya Sāmaveda : 2. Sthālīpāka
A Vedic word-concordance : being a universal vocabulary register of about 500 Vedic works, with complete textual reference and critical commentary bearing on phonology, accent, etymo-morphology, grammar, metre, text-criticism, and ur-Aryan philology. Vol. 5, Part 1, Index Ab Initio (Consolidated indices to Vols. I-IV ) : pages I-VI and 1-878
The secret of the Veda
Vedic index of names and subjects. Vol. 1-2
Rig-Veda repetitions : the repeated verses and distichs and stanzas of the Rig-Veda in systematic presentation and with critical discussion
Studies in the concept of sraddhā in post-Vedic Hinduism
Ṛgveda saṁhitā : Sanskrit text, English translation and notes. Vol. 4, [Maṇḍalas - 9, 10]
The Gṛytha rites vis-a-vis the Atharvanic tradition
Hymns of the Rgveda. Vol. 1
A Vedic word-concordance : being a universal vocabulary register of about 500 Vedic works, with complete textual reference and critical commentary bearing on phonology, accent, etymo-morphology, grammar, metre, text-criticism, and ur-Aryan philology. Vol. 4, Part 4, (Vedānga-sūtras ) : pages I-IV and 2117-2992
Literature in the Vedig age. Vol. 1, The Samhitās
The Vedic experience Mantramañjarī : an anthology of the Vedas for modern man and contemporaty celebration
Studies in the padapāṭhas and Vedic philology
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 38, The Vedânta-Sûtras with the commentary by Sankarâcârya, Part 2
The concept of Śūnya
Brāmana to Shurauta sūtora to no kankei = On the relation between Brāhmanas and Śrautasūtras
The Pravargya Brāhmaṇa of the Taittirīya Āraṇyaka, an ancient commentary on the Pravargya ritual
Ṛgveda saṁhitā : Sanskrit text, English translation and notes. Vol. 1, (Maṇḍala 1)
Ṛgveda saṁhitā : Sanskrit text, English translation and notes. Vol. 3, [Maṇḍalas - 6, 7, 8]
Annotated and translated ancient commentary on preparatory ritual to the Soma sacrifice of the R̥gveda.
The Taittirīya Samhitā of the black Yajurveda : with the commentary of Bhatta Bhāskara Mi'sra. Vol. 3, [Kānda 1 : Pra'snas 7-8], [Kānda 2 : Pra'snas 1-2]
Vaidika-padānukramakosa or a Vedic word-concordance : being a universal register of Vedic vocabulary, with introduction, supplement, reverse-index and appendices. Vol. 2, Part 2, (The Brāhmanas and the Āranyakas )
Vedic astrology simply put : an illustrated guide to the astrology of ancient India
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 34, The Vedânta-Sûtras with the commentary by Sankarâcârya, Part 1
Verbal forms in the Ṛgveda : (4th Maṇḍala)
Some aspects of Vedic studies
A Vedic word-concordance : being a universal vocabulary register of about 500 Vedic works, with complete textual reference and critical commentary bearing on phonology, accent, etymo-morphology, grammar, metre, text-criticism, and ur-Aryan philology. Vol. 1, Part 6, (Samhitās) : pages I-IV and 3543-4016
Vṛkṣāyurveda in ancient India : with original texts and translation
Reminiscences of a Vedic scholar
Śakti and Śākta : essays and addresses
A Vedic word-concordance : being a universal vocabulary register of about 500 Vedic works, with complete textual reference and critical commentary bearing on phonology, accent, etymo-morphology, grammar, metre, text-criticism, and ur-Aryan philology. Vol. 1, Part 5, (Samhitās ) : pages I-IV and 2709-3542
The Holy Vedas : a golden treasury
The Taittirīya Samhitā of the black Yajurveda : with the commentary of Bhatta Bhāskara Mi'sra. Vol. 10, [Kānda 7 : Pra'snas 4-5]
Studies in the Gṛhya Prayogas of the Jaiminīya Sāmaveda : 4. Nāndīmukhābhyudayaśrāddha
The literature and study of the Jaiminīya Sāmaveda in retrospect and prospect
The vision of self in early Vedānta
Ṛgveda saṁhitā : Sanskrit text, English translation and notes. Vol. 2, [Maṇḍalas - 2, 3, 4, 5]
Ancient Indian architecture : (from blossom to bloom)
Studies in the Tantras and the Veda
In the image of fire : Vedic experiences of heat
Indian astronomy : a source-book, based primarily on Sanskrit texts
The religion and philosophy of the Veda and Upanishads. Part 1
A Vedic word-concordance : being a universal vocabulary register of about 500 Vedic works, with complete textual reference and critical commentary bearing on phonology, accent, etymo-morphology, grammar, metre, text-criticism, and ur-Aryan philology. Vol. 4, Part 1, (Vedānga-sūtras) : pages I-XVIII and 1-760
Rigveda Brahmanas : the Aitareya and Kausītaki Brāhmanas of the Rigveda
Atharva-Veda saṁhitā : Sanskrit text, English translation, notes & index of verses. Vol. 3, [kāṇḍas 14-20]
Deliver us from evil : studies on the Vedic ideas of salvation
Folkloric motifs in some Vedic tales
Paippalāda Samhitā of the Atharvaveda
Jaiminiya Brahmana of the Samaveda II. 1-80 (Gavamayana)
Synopsis of Ayurveda : based on a translation of the Suśruta Saṁhitā (the treatise of Suśruta)
A Vedic word-concordance : being a universal vocabulary register of about 500 Vedic works, with complete textual reference and critical commentary bearing on phonology, accent, etymo-morphology, grammar, metre, text-criticism, and ur-Aryan philology. Vol. 4, Part 2, (Vedānga-sūtras ) : pages I-IV and 761-1456
Proof of Vedic culture's global existence
Rg-veda-prātiśākhyam with the Bhāsya of Uvata
Aryan culture in Assam
Methods of knowledge : perceptual, non-perceptual, and transcendental according to Advaita Vedānta
A Vedic word-concordance : being a universal vocabulary register of about 500 Vedic works, with complete textual reference and critical commentary bearing on phonology, accent, etymo-morphology, grammar, metre, text-criticism, and ur-Aryan philology. Vol. 1, Part 3, (Samhitās) : pages I-IV and 1283-1872
Yajurveda saṁhitā : Sanskrit text, English translation and notes
A Vedic word-concordance : being a universal vocabulary register of about 500 Vedic works, with complete textual reference and critical commentary bearing on phonology, accent, etymo-morphology, grammar, metre, text-criticism, and ur-Aryan philology. Vol. 3, Part 2, (Upanisads) : pages I-IV, 469-1185
The Vedas : texts, language & ritual : proceedings of the Third International Vedic Workshop, Leiden 2002
The system of Vedantic thought and culture
The Śrautasūtras of Lātyāyana and Drāhyāyana and their commentaries : An English translation and study. 1: 2, The agnistoma (LŚS I-II, DŚS I-VI)
The problem of the Aryans and the Soma : the botanical evidence
Religions in ancient India
The Nāsatyans, the chariot and proto-Aryan religion
The religion and philosophy of the Veda and Upanishads. Part 2
Isopanisad, also Wave of bliss and the greatness of Siva
A Vedic word-concordance : being a universal vocabulary register of about 500 Vedic works, with complete textual reference and critical commentary bearing on phonology, accent, etymo-morphology, grammar, metre, text-criticism, and ur-Aryan philology. Vol. 1, Part 2, (Samhitās) : pages I-IV and 593-1282
Authority, anxiety and canon : essays in Vedic interpretation
The principal Upanishads
The Taittirīya Samhitā of the black Yajurveda : with the commentary of Bhatta Bhāskara Mi'sra. Vol. 9, [Kānda 6 : Pra'snas 5-6], [Kānda 7 : Pra'snas 1-3]
The Rgvedic deities and their iconic forms
The Taittirīya Samhitā of the black Yajurveda : with the commentary of Bhatta Bhāskara Mi'sra. Vol. 5, [Kānda 3 : Pra'snas 1-5]
Vedic Aryan India of the Samhitâs
The Taittirīya Samhitā of the black Yajurveda : with the commentary of Bhatta Bhāskara Mi'sra. Vol. 7, [Kānda 5 : Pra'snas 5-7]
A Vedic word-concordance : being a universal vocabulary register of about 500 Vedic works, with complete textual reference and critical commentary bearing on phonology, accent, etymo-morphology, grammar, metre, text-criticism, and ur-Aryan philology. Vol. 1, Part 4, (Samhitās) : pages I-IV and 1873-2708
Epics, Khilas, and Purāṇas: continuities and ruptures : proceedings of the Third Dubrovnik International Conference on the Sanskrit Epics and Purāṇas, September 2002
The Taittirīya Samhitā of the black Yajurveda : with the commentary of Bhatta Bhāskara Mi'sra. Vol 1, [Kānda 1 : Pra'snas 1-3]
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 48, The Vedânta-Sûtras with the commentary by Rāmānuja, Part 3
The Upanishads : breath of the eternal
Sri Aurobindo birth centenary library : de luxe edition. 10, The secret of the Veda
Transcript of discourses.
Drapsa: the Vedic cycle of eclipses : a key to unlock the treasures of the Vedas
Hymns of the Rgveda. Vol. 2
Education in ancient India
The Taittirīya Samhitā of the black Yajurveda : with the commentary of Bhatta Bhāskara Mi'sra. Vol. 2, [Kānda 1 : Pra'snas 4-6]
R̥gvedic society
Yāska's Nirukta and the science of etymology : an historical and critical survey
Mantras of the Rig Veda. by David Frawley
Sāmaveda saṁhitā : Sanskrit text with English translation of R. T. H. Griffith
The Vedas
Advaita Vedānta : (action and contemplation)
Sexual symbolism from the Vedic ritual
Śāṅkhāyana-Śrautasūtra : being a major yājñika text of the Rgveda
Mitra and Aryaman
The wisdom of the forest : sages of the Indian Upanisads
Sahityaratnakośaḥ. 1, Vedaśāstrasaṅgrahaḥ : An anthology of the Vedas and Śāstras
Atharva-Veda saṁhitā : Sanskrit text, English translation, notes & index of verses. Vol. 1, [kāṇḍas 1-6]
History of Indological Studies
The Kausika sūtra of Atharva veda : with extracts from the commentairies of Dārila and Kesava
The Kashmirian Atharva Veda : books sixteen and seventeen
The Veda of the black Yajus school : entitled Taittiriya Sanhita. Part 1, Kāndas I-III
A Vedic word-concordance : being a universal vocabulary register of about 500 Vedic works, with complete textual reference and critical commentary bearing on phonology, accent, etymo-morphology, grammar, metre, text-criticism, and ur-Aryan philology. Vol. 5, Part 2, Index Ab Ultimo (Consolidated indices to Vols. I-IV) : pages I-VI and 1-628
In those days : essays Vedic, epic, and classical
A Vedic concordance : being an alphabetic index to every line of every stanza of the published vedic literature and to the liturgical formulas thereof, that is an index to the vedic mantras, together with an account of their variations in the different vedic books
Paippalāda Samhitā of the Atharvaveda : first kānda
The Śrautasūtras of Lātyāyana and Drāhyāyana and their commentaries : an English translation and study. 1: 2, The agnistoma (LŚS I-II, DŚS I-VI)
Concept of Jātavedas in Vedic literature
The Taittirīya Samhitā of the black Yajurveda : with the commentary of Bhatta Bhāskara Mi'sra. Vol. 4, [Kānda 2 : Pra'snas 3-6]
The science of the Vedas is the science of man
The religion of the Veda : Die Religion des Veda
Vedāntasāra of Sadānanda : ed. with the commentaries of Nr̥siṃhasarashvatī and Rāmatīrtha
A Vedic word-concordance : being a universal vocabulary register of about 500 Vedic works, with complete textual reference and critical commentary bearing on phonology, accent, etymo-morphology, grammar, metre, text-criticism, and ur-Aryan philology. Vol. 4, Part 3, (Vedānga-sūtras) : pages I-IV and 1457-2116
Strong arms and drinking strength : masculinity, violence, and the body in ancient India
A Vedic word-concordance : being a universal vocabulary register of about 425 Vedic works, with complete textual reference and critical commentary bearing on phonology, accent, etymo-morphology, grammar, metre, text-criticism, and ur-Aryan philology. Vol. 1, Part 1, Introduction : pages I-CLIV and 1-592
Eternal relevance of Vedas
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 30, The Grihya-sûtras : rules of Vedic domestic ceremonies, Part 2
The Veda of the black Yajus school : entitled Taittiriya Sanhita. Part 2, Kāndas IV-VII
Hindu canonical work.
A concordance to the principal Upaniṣads and Bhagavadgītā = Upaniṣadvākyakoṣaḥ
Atharva-Veda saṁhitā : Sanskrit text, English translation, notes & index of verses. Vol. 2, [kāṇḍas 7-13]
The Kashmirian Atharva Veda : books nineteen and twenty
Transcending jurisprudence : a critique of the architectonics of international law
A Vedic word-concordance : being a universal vocabulary register of about 500 Vedic works, with complete textual reference and critical commentary bearing on phonology, accent, etymo-morphology, grammar, metre, text-criticism, and ur-Aryan philology. Vol. 3, Part 1, (Upanisads) : pages I-XLII, 1-468
Vedic religion and culture : an exposition of distinct facets
Vedic investigations
The religion of the Veda : the ancient religion of India : (from Rig-Veda to Upanishads)
Searching for Vedic India
