http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11520 private sector
private sector
Private investment in infrastructure : the mobilisation of equity capital
Decisions in public and private sectors : theories, practices, and processes
Private indebtedness and the banking crisis in Finland
New public-private partnerships for research in the manufacturing, construction and automotive sectors : European PPP research supports economic recovery : progress report: July 2011
Restoring the innovative edge : driving the evolution of science and technology
Social work in private practice
Private sector development strategy
The changing role of public, civic and private sectors on sport culture : proceedings of the 3rd EASS conference (European Association for Sociology of Sport) held on 2-5- July in Jyväskylä, Finland
Pricing local currency loans in private sector operations : October 2002.
Introduction of privat finance for roads in Finland : application of the shadow toll option on Main Road 4.
Public-private partnership handbook
Public expenditure and the private sector
Private schooling in less economically developed countries : Asian and African perspectives
Changing political economies : privatization in post-communist and reforming communist states
This timely new book provides an international perspective on Public Private Partnerships. Through 21 case studies, it investigates the existing and fast developing body of principles and practices from a wide range of countries and is the first book to bring together leading international academics and practitioners under a common framework that enables convenient cross-country comparisons. The authors focus on the impact of the financial crisis has had on how governments have reviewed and overhauled their PPP policies as they have examined or tested new ways of partnering more effectively, efficiently and sustainably with the private sector. Readers will be able to gauge the level of maturity of PPP development in the book's case studies, understand similarities and differences in their practices, and gain useful insights into the regulatory framework and institutional infrastructure in place to support implementation of PPP. Finally, the book offers insights into the future challenges and opportunities that PPP offers stakeholders.
Principles of private and public planning : a study in economic sociology
Global corruption report 2009 : corruption and the private sector
Assessing the impact of public-private partnerships in the global south : the case of the Kasur Tanneries Pollution Control Project
Formation of non-profit cross-sector collaboration
Building partnerships for good governance : the spirit and the reality of South-South cooperation
The private manufacturing sector in Vietnam : an analysis of the winners
Sources of increased wage differentials in the Finnish private sector
Proceedings of the fourth  Inter-regional Debt Management Conference and WADMO Conference, Geneva, 10-12 November 2003
People and nature conservation : perspectives on private land use and endangered species recovery
National requirements for hospital information systems in private healthcare
Focusing partnerships : a sourcebook for municipal capacity buildings in public-private partnerships
Abstract (1 s.).
Private sector development in the People's Republic of China
Accounting and performance measurement : issues in the private and public sectors
Where did they go?
Private sector development in the Middle East and North Africa : making reforms succeed : moving forward with the MENA investment policy agenda
Summary (s. 87).
Economics of wage differentials and public sector labour markets
Intangibles and the gender wage gap : an analysis of gender wage gaps across occupations in the Finnish private sector
Achieving results in private sector development
Public-private partnerships policy and practice : a reference guide
European PPP research supports economic recovery : new public-private partnerships for research in the manufacturing, construction and automotive sectors
Public-private partnership for innovation : evaluation of X-Branches Programme
On the interaction between state and private sector : a study in political economics
Public-private partnerships : delivering for the European transport network
Työtunnin kustannus 1995-2003 : työvoimakustannusindeksi 1996=100 = Cost of an hour worked in 1995-2003 : labour cost index 1996=100
Innovative state : how new technologies can transform goverment
The role of the new, entrepreneurial private sector in transition and economic performance in light of the successes in Poland, The Czech Republic and Hungary
Summary (s. 106-110).
Wage discrimination among lawyers in the private sector in Finland, October 1995
Public-private partnerships and international health policy-making : how can public interests be safeguarded?
Public private partnerships : a global review
Wage and earnings losses of displaced workers in Finland
Economic and social conditions in Southern Africa 2003 : the challenge of private sector development in Southern Africa
Handbook on the economics of cultural heritage
Public and private sectors in public finance : 58th IIPF Congress, Helsinki, August 26-29, 2002.
Public-private partnerships : principles of policy and finance
A distributional analysis of displacement costs in an economic depression and recovery
Public-private innovation networks in services
Joint study on employment and structural adjustment in Ghana : country report
Different types of venture capital investors and value-added to high-tech portfolio firms
Private sector assessment in the People's Republic of China
Guidebook on promoting good governance in public-private partnerships
The future of industrial relations
Public economics : an analysis of public production and consumption and their relations to the private sectors : proceedings of a conference held by the International Economic Association
Strategy and performance of water supply and sanitation providers : effects of two decades of neo-liberalism
Conservation enterprise : what works, where and for whom?
Private sector assessment : Philippines
Partnerships in urban planning : "development area" in national and local context in Finland, Germany and Britain
This thesis studies national requirements for hospital information systems in the Finnish private healthcare. The thesis has been carried out done during the years of 2013-2015 and the customer company is Nexamed Ltd. Nexamed is the vendor of the hospital information system called OneClinic. The main customer sector of OneClinic is the Finnish private healthcare. The target of this thesis is to find the differences between the requirements of the Finnish private healthcare and the existing OneClinic functionalities. Because OneClinic is based on a Danish hospital information system called MyClinic, also the Danish private healthcare requirements for the hospital information system are described in some of the thesis topics. This thesis describes the requirements at the general level. Especially the thesis focuses on the authority requirements. The thesis presents high level requirements for electronic medical record systems set by the national patient data repository (i.e. eArchive) and national prescription centre (i.e. ePrescription service). In addition the requirements set by the Kela direct imbursement and new requirements for the OneClinic financial management functionalities set by the Finnish private healthcare are presented in this thesis. Background information for this thesis is collected from the specifications of the authority requirements, laws and discussions with representatives of the Finnish private healthcare. The thesis concludes that the patient treatment processes in Finland and Denmark are similar at the general level but there are a great deal of differences in details. The eArchive service and the ePrescription service in Finland are setting high requirements to the OneClinic information system. Also, financial management processes in the Finnish private healthcare contain new requirements for the OneClinic information system. Especially requirements set by the Kela exists only in Finland.
Rethinking public-private partnerships : strategies for turbulent times
State and market : the politics of the public and the private
Post, mine, repeat : social media data mining becomes ordinary
International handbook on public-private partnerships
Management models in private health care organizations : establishing a management model for private health care organizations in Finland
UNCITRAL : legislative guide on privately financed infrastructure projects
Public-private partnership in scientific research : a framework for evaluation
Partnerships in urban planning : "development area" in national and local contexts in Finland, Germany and Britain
Soviet economy : opening up and stabilization
New forms of service-production : fashion or a necessity?
Now available in a fully revised and updated fourth edition, Sport Management: Principles and Applications introduces the sport industry and examines the role of the state, non-profit and professional sectors in sport. It focuses on core management principles and their application in a sporting context, highlighting the unique challenges faced in a career in sport management. Written in an engaging and accessible style, each chapter has a clear structure designed to make key information and concepts simple to find and to utilize. Chapters contain a conceptual overview, references, further reading, links to important websites, study questions and up-to-date case studies from around the world to show how theory works in the real world, and a companion website offers additional activities for students and guidance notes and slides for instructors. The book covers every core functional area of management, including: * strategic planning * organizational culture * organizational structures * human resource management * leadership * governance * financial management * marketing * performance management. This fourth edition also includes expanded coverage of sport media, change management and other contemporary management issues, providing a comprehensive introduction to the practical application of management principles within sport organizations. It is ideal for first and second year students on sport management related courses, as well as those studying business-focused or human movement courses seeking an overview of applied sport management principles.
Chinas rational entrepreneurs : the development of the new private business sector
New public-private partnerships for research in the manufacturing, construction and automotive sectors : European PPP research supports economic recovery. Progress report: July 2010
Private- and public-sector earnings structures in Finland
Private sector development in development cooperation : a comparative analysis of Nordic business partnership programmes / Sini-Maria Lahti
How are private and public sector wages related in Finland : an empirical study
Proceedings of the third Inter-regional Debt Management Conference, Geneva, 3-6 December  2001
Structure of Earnings
Assessing the impact of the global financial crisis on transnational financial law and regulation
The role of partnerships in sustainable urban residential development
European public-private collaboration : a choice between efficiency and democratic accountability?
Summary (s. xv-xvi).
Public-private sector pay gaps and centralized wage setting : aggregate and industry data evidence
Cities and partnerships for sustainable urban development
Sport management : principles and applications
The impact of decentralization and privatization on municipal services : report for discussion at the Joint Meeting on the Impact of Decentralization and Privatization on Municipal Services, Geneva 2001
The private sector in Soviet agriculture
Public-private partnership : initiation and implementation
Entrepreneurship and private sector development in central european transition countries
Public-private dialogue in developing countries : opportunities and risks
Dispute settlement in space activities : need for new mechanisms
Beyond pragmatism : appraising UN-business partnerships
Agricultural research policy : international quantitative perspectives
Pricing local currency loans in private sector operations : a typeset version of the official policy paper approved by the Board on 4 November 2002.
Private finance for roads
Emergence of unorthodox ownership and governance structures in East Asia : an alternative transition path
China's domestic private firms : multidisciplinary perspectives on management and performance
National visions matter : lessons of success : proceedings of a Public-Private Sector Development Forum, Santiago, Chile, July 25-27, 2004.
Wage and Earnings Losses of Displaced Workers in Finland
Making health policy
Does the gap in family-friendly policies drive the family gap?
Broad-based financing for development : increasing financing for development cooperation as a joint effort between the public and private sectors and civil society : working group report (UM002:00/210)
The university and the surrounding society : an outlook from the perspective of the private sector
The role of the private sector in forestry research : recent developments in industrialized countries
Use of the Public-Private Partnership funding instrument in Finland, Norway, Scotland, Northern Ireland and Ireland
Private finance for main road 4, Finland
Public-private partnerships : in pursuit of risk sharing and value for money
Summary (s. 9-10).
ADB's infrastructure operations : responding to client needs
Collaborative governance : private roles for public goals in turbulent times
