http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11657 national libraries
national libraries
Bibliografi musik : koleksi Perpustakaan Nasional RI = The bibliography of music : collection of National Library of Indonesia
The Royal Library over 350 years
Millî kütüphane = The Turkish National Library
Catalogue of Scandinavian books in the British Library printed before 1801.
The National Library of Luxembourg
Three centuries at the Royal Library
National library of Russia
Adopt a book!
Time has laid its attire aside : fashion in manuscripts from the 11th-16th centuries
Microfilming for digitisation
Libraries and librarianship in India
Off the record : a selection of recent articles and papers
Treasures of the Hungarian National Library
Libraries and librarianship in China
Three centuries, three empires : a review of Finnish deposit copy activities
A refuge in peace and war : the National Library of Wales to 1952
We have a vision - what next?
The odyssey of a German national library : a short history of the Bayerische Staatsbibliothek, the Staatsbibliothek zu Berlin, the Deutsche Bücherei and the Deutsche Bibliothek
Closing libraries can open doors!
The library : an illustrated history
The Austrian National Library
Bedachtzame dynamiek : het gebouw van de Koninklijke Bibliotheek 1982-2007 = Cautious dynamism : the Koninklijke Bibliotheek building 1982-2007
The National Library of The Islamic Republic of Iran : (new building)
300 vuotta vapaakappaletoimintaa = 300 år friexemplar = 300 years of legal deposit copy activities
The British Library souvenir guide
Bibliotheca academica Helsinki University Library : The National Library of Finland
Helsinki as a City of Culture : broader cultural activities and collaboration network at the library
Treasures of the Library of Congress
Challenges ahead
The National Library : providing new services for the information society
As well as holding some of the world's most prized cultural treasures, the British Library is the repository of the nation's collective memory. Owing its origin to the generosity and far-sightedness of a handful of eighteenth-century scholars and booklovers, and built up over 250 years, the Library's very extensive collections - of books, manuscripts, maps, music, newspapers, photographs, sound recordings, stamps, and digital media - offer keys to the understanding of human achievement in literature, art, music, politics, journalism, exploration and much else, from ancient times to the present day. In this highly illustrated book Michael Leapman tells the Library's story, highlighting the most significant and beautiful items in its care, as well as exploring some of the lesser known, more surprising artifacts housed in its iconic building in the heart of London.
The eye above Prague : a library for the third millennium
Alexandria : the journal of national & international library and information issues
The idea of a national library
The history of libraries from ancient to modern times is presented through a review of the types of documents stored, the structures themselves, the way they have been managed, and the important part they have played in every culture around the world.
Preservation now and in the future : microfilming at Helsinki University Library
Libraries in Kosova/Kosovo : a general assessment and a short and medium-term development plan
National libraries of the world : their history, administration and public services
Library of walls : the Library of Congress and the contradictions of information society
Karakter : de Koninklijke Bibliotheek onder Wim van Drimmelen 1991-2008 = Character : [the Koninklijke Bibliotheek under the Directorship of Wim van Drimmelen 1991-2008]
The British Library : Strategic Success
International evaluation of the National Library of Finland : report of the evaluation panel
National libraries. 3, A selection of articles on national libraries 1986-1994
Arhiivkogu Rahvusraamatukogus : Eesti kultuuripärandi hoidja = Eesti kultuuripärandi hoidja = Archival collection in the National Library of Estonia : cherishing Estonian cultural heritage
Treasures of the British Library
Seminar on Bibliographic Records : proceedings of the seminar held in Stockholm, 15-16 August 1990, and sponsored by the IFLA UBCIM Programme and the IFLA Division of Bibliographic Control
The National Library of Russia, 1795-1995
Libraries and archives : a comparative study
Creating the future of a National Library
Inside the British Library
Agricolasta Aku Ankkaan : kaikki tallella kansalliskokoelmassa! : allt finns i nationalsamlingen! = From Agricola to Donald Duck : finding it all in the National collection! = Från Agricola till Kalle Anka
Aarteet : [näyttely Kupolisalissa, 9.3.2005 - 15.10.2005] = Skatter : [utställning i Kupolsalen, 9.3.2005 - 15.10.2005] = Treasures : [exhibition in the Cupola Hall, 9.3.2005 - 15.10.2005] / [toimittaja = redaktör = editor: Inkeri Pitkäranta] ; [kirjoittajat = författare = writers: Ilona Fors ... et al.]
Ex Bibliotheca Ducis Curlandiae : Riga, Rundāle, 2014
"Säilytetäänkö jokainen lappunen?" : Kansalliskirjaston Fennica-kokoelma = "Skall varje lapp sparas?" : Nationalbibliotekets Fennica-samling = "Are we saving every scrap of paper?" : The National Library's Fennica collection
Helsinki university library as a national library
Digitising scholarly journals
The national electronic library programme FinElib : the backbone of the information supply in the electronic research environment : universities, polytechnics, research institutes and public libraries forming consortia
Helsinki University libraries : report of an assessment panel
The National and University Library in Zagreb 1607-2007 : on the occasion of the 400th anniversary
The National Library of Uganda : its inception, challenges and prospects, 1997-2007
20,000 hours of relocation for the collections of the national library : a report from the new premises for the collections
The significance of the National Library to the University
More precious than gold : treasures of the Polish National Library
Gabriel - gateway to Europe's national libraries
Managing change : the Finnish vision
Library preservation and conservation in the '90s : proceedings of the Satellite Meeting of the IFLA Section on Preservation and Conservation, Budapest, August 15-17, 1995
Living memory : from the collection of the National Library of Norway
Parliamentary libraries and information services of Asia and the Pacific : papers prepared for the 62nd IFLA Conference Beijing, China August 25-31, 1996
The National Library of Finland : the national gateway to information
Jefferson's legacy : a brief history of the Library of Congress
Networking for digital preservation : current practice in 15 national libraries
National Library IT architecture for libraries : challangesfor the future
Developing National Digital Library
National libraries
The National Library of Finland Bulletin
National library buildings : proceedings of the colloquium held in Rome, 3-6 September 1973
Aarteet = Skatter = Treasures
Brittle paper a major problem : first stage of the national collection condition survey completed
Helsinki university library : a national cultural institution, and a resource for the university
Guide to the National Library
Koninklijke Bibliotheek 1798-1998 : collectors and collections
Proceedings of the International Conference on National Libraries - Towards the 21st century, April 20-24, 1993 Taipei
Knowledge society in progress : evaluation of the Finnish Electronic Library - FinELib
Bibliotheca Corviniana : the Library of King Matthias Corvinus of Hungary
Managing cataloging and the organization of information : philosophies, practices and challenges at the onset of the 21st century
The American civil rights movement : a guide to materials in the British Library
Utilitas matheseos : jezuitská matematika v Klementinu, 1602-1773 = Jesuit mathematics in the Clementinum
World guide to special libraries. Vol. 1, Libraries A-L
The National Library as a shared resource
National Library strategy for 2000-2003 : approved by the Board of the Helsinki University Library in November 1999.
Creating new information infrastructures through co-operation
Scientific libraries : past development and future changes
My national library
The book of the British Library
Catalogue of Scandinavian books in the British Library printed before 1801.. 2, Author and title catalogue R-Z. Title index. Index of printers and publishers. Place index of printers and publishers
Europe's national libraries : 15 years of joint programmes
The changing role of Nordic academic, research and special libraries
Summary (s. 8-9).
Encyclopedia of the Library of Congress : for Congress, the nation & the world
The national library of Finland : taking a leading role in the knowledge society
Nordic Conference on Digital transfer of images held at VTT, Technical Research Centre, Espoo, Finland, 10-11 November 1994 : proceedings of a Conference organised by Nordinfo
The national library as a pioneer of the information society
National or university library or both?
Treasures in the national library
In this place : the National Library of Wales
Catalogue of Scandinavian books in the British Library printed before 1801.. 3, Subject index. Provenance index
The Helsinki University Library - The National Library of Finland : 1640-2010
The reorganization of the National Library of Finland : meeting the challenges of a changing environment
National electronic library
Catalogue of the illuminated Byzantine manuscripts of the National Library of Greece. Vol. 3, Homilies of the church fathers and menologia 9th - 12th century
Remarkable occurrences : the National Library of Australia's first 100 years 1901-2001
Alan Lomax, assistant in charge : the Library of Congress letters, 1935-1945
Indian librarianship : perspectives and prospects
Printed in the memory : literary treasures in the National Library of Finland
Minimal level cataloging by national bibliographic agencies
Digital library infrastructure in Finland : political decisions empowering development
Information and documentation. Performance indicators for national libraries = Information et documentation. Indicateurs de performance des bibliothèques nationales
