http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1160 civil journalism
civil journalism
Blogs, Wikipedia, Second life, and beyond : from production to produsage
The violence of the image : photography and international conflict
The Routledge companion to alternative and community media
Media interventions
The pursuit of public journalism : theory, practice, and criticism
The Greens of Finland in social media : Facebook as a communication forum
The Forbes model for journalism in the digital age : training a new generation of entrepreneurial journalists
Affective publics : sentiment, technology, and politics
Online news : journalism and the Internet
Contesting media power : alternative media in a networked world
News online : transformations and continuities
Cyberprotest : new media, citizens, and social movements
The end of journalism : news in the twenty-first century
South Korean social movements : from democracy to civil society
In a thorough empirical investigation of journalistic practices in different news contexts, New Media, Old News explores how technological, economic and social changes have reconfigured news journalism, and the consequences of these transformations for a vibrant democracy in our digital age. The result is a piercing examination of why understanding news journalism matters now more than ever. It is essential reading for students and scholars of journalism and new media.
Public journalism 2.0 : the promise and reality of a citizen-engaged press
Citizen witnessing : revisioning journalism in times of crisis
The post-Soviet Russian media : conflicting signals
Network journalism : journalistic practice in interactive spheres
The Snowden files : the inside story of the world's most wanted man
Rethinking journalism again : societal role and public relevance in a digital age
International journalism and democracy : civic engagement models from around the world
Gatekeeping in transition
Blogging, citizenship, and the future of media
Freedom of expression revisited : citizenship and journalism in the digital era
Social media : communication, sharing and visibility
Citizens' media against armed conflict : disrupting violence in Colombia
Social media and the politics of reportage : the 'Arab Spring'
Journalism as activism : recoding media power
The Greens of Finland is a Finnish political party which is actively involved in social media in general, and on Facebook in particular. The objectives of this thesis were to assess Facebook as a communication tool for the Greens and to improve the party's social media strategy. The research was made during the period from February 2011 till January 2012. The research methods used were mainly qualitative – content analysis was made on all data. Furthermore, typology and quantification were used in the analysis conducted on Facebook discussions. The primary data come from discussions on Facebook during the government negotiations in spring 2011, when the Greens actively communicated on their Facebook page. Different comment types were created, based on the tone of discussion and the complexity of comments. The level of interactivity between people and the influence of communication means were also assessed. Discussion topics were not in the main focus of this research. The findings from Facebook were compared to the secondary data, interviews with the Greens' Communication Team on their experiences with Facebook as a communication tool and discussions of a web communication network based on the Green discussion forum regarding their own presence in the social media. Based on my findings and the relevant theory on social media and social media strategies, I have made developmental suggestions regarding the usage of Facebook vis-á-vis the Greens' social media strategy. The results indicate that the Greens' Communication Team knows the contents of their Facebook page quite well and that they use it in various ways. They benefit substantially from social media's two-way communicational nature, but they could be somewhat more interactive. The discussion on the Greens' Facebook page is equally analytical and critical; people tend to justify their opinions and not just express a feeling, for instance. Crowdsourcing – asking people to participate – creates the most discussion. As for social media strategy, volunteers' help could be exploited more efficiently, the discussion online could be directed to a certain forum and different forums could be made more open to the public.
The citizen in communication : re-visiting traditional, new and community media practices in South Africa
From Homo Sapiens to Photo Sapiens? : The Role of Amateur Images in the Free Newspaper Metro
Media independence : working with freedom or working for free?
Global communications : toward a transcultural political economy
Climate change and the media
China and the environment : the green revolution
Environmental communication and the public sphere
Twilight of press freedom : the rise of people's journalism
Civil society media and global governance : intervening into the world summit on the information society
Civil society and media in global crises : representing distant violence
'China and Environment' provides a unique report on the experiences of participatory politics that have emerged in response to environmental problems, rather than focusing only on macro-level ecological issues and their elite responses. --Publisher's description.
Journalism next : a practical guide to digital reporting and publishing
Making news with citizens : public journalism and professional reflexivity in Finnish newspapers
Alternative and activist media
Community media in the information age : perspectives and prospects
The alternative media handbook
Watching the watchdog : bloggers as the fifth estate
Digital media and democracy : tactics in hard times
Communicating peace : entertaining angels unawares
The media in question : popular cultures and public interests
Remaking media : the struggle to democratize public communication
Democracy and media in Central and Eastern Europe 25 years on
Mapping the European public sphere : institutions, media and civil society
Globalization and its discontents: the rise of postmodern socialisms
Access, dialogue, deliberation : experimenting with three concepts of journalism criticism
Participatory journalism : guarding open gates at online newspapers
Politics and web 2.0 : the participation gap
There is no doubt, journalism faces challenging times. Since the turn of the millennium, the financial health of the news industry is failing, mainstream audiences are on the decline, and professional authority, credibility and autonomy are eroding. The outlook is bleak and it's understandable that many are pessimistic. But this book argues that we have to rethink journalism fundamentally. Rather than just focus on the symptoms of the 'crisis of journalism', this collection tries to understand the structural transformation journalism is undergoing. It explores how the news media attempts to combat decreasing levels of trust, how emerging forms of news affect the established journalistic field, and how participatory culture creates new dialogues between journalists and audiences. Crucially, it does not treat these developments as distinct transformations. Instead, it considers how their interrelation accounts for both the tribulations of the news media and the need for contemporary journalism to redefine itself.
After the Internet, before democracy : competing norms in Chinese media and society
Challenging the news : the journalism of alternative and community media
We the media : grassroots journalism by the people, for the people
Do you want to help build what's "next" for journalism? Then jump into Mark Briggs' proven guide for leveraging digital technology to do better journalism. The media landscape changes with such ferocious speed that as soon as new technologies gain a foothold, older ones become obsolete. To keep ahead and abreast of these ever-evolving tools and techniques, Briggs offers practical and timely guidance for both the seasoned professional looking to get up to speed and the digital native looking to root their tech know-how in real journalistic principles. Learn how to effectively blog, crowdsource, use mobile applications, mine databases, and expertly capture audio and video to report with immediacy, cultivate community, and tell compelling stories. Journalism Next will improve digital literacy, fast. Briggs begins with the basics and then explores specialized skills in multimedia so you can better manage online communities and build an online audience.
Citizen journalism : global perspectives
Media, culture and society in Putin's Russia
Alternative and activist new media
John Wilkes : the scandalous father of civil liberty
The Greens of Finland in social media: Facebook as a communication forum
Community media : a global introduction
The public journalism movement in America : evangelists in the newsroom
Community media : people, places, and communication technologies
Citizen journalism. Volume 2 : global perspectives
Journalism and citizenship : new agendas in communication
Journalism and democracy in Asia
Media bias perspective, and state repression : the Black Panther Party
News culture
The rise of the blogosphere
Web journalism:// : a new form of citizenship?
"In the twenty-first century, the advent of digital photography, camera phones and social media platforms has altered the relationship between photographers, the medium and the audience- as well as contributing to an ongoing blurring of the boundaries between news and entertainment and professional and amateur journalism. The Violence of the Image explores how new vernacular and artistic modes of photographic production articulate international friction."--Page 4 of cover.
Citizen journalism : valuable, useless, or dangerous?
"Much of what journalism scholars thought they knew about gatekeeping--about how it is that news turns out the way it does--has been called into question by the recent seismic economic and technological shifts in journalism. Some might ask: Given the new realities of economic, technological and institutional changes, does gatekeeping matter? In this anthology, an international roster of contributors attempt to answer that question, examining the role of gatekeeping in the twenty-first century and arguing for its place in contemporary scholarship about news and journalism"--
Fissures in the mediascape : an international study of citizens' media
Towards active citizenship on the net : possibilities of citizen oriented communication: case studies from Finland
News on the internet : information and citizenship in the 21st century
English summary.
Human rights and the Internet
Locality in the global net : the Internet as a space of citizen communication and local publicness
The future of newspapers
New media, old news : journalism & democracy in the digital age
The Pursuit of Public Journalism is an engaging introduction to the theoretical foundations and practices of the journalistic reform movement known as 'public journalism.' Public journalism - stated briefly - seeks to reinvest journalism with its fundamental responsibilities to democracy and public life. This book argues against many deeply ingrained practices ranging from journalistic detachment to framing stories via polar conflict in favor of greater civic involvement on the part of journalists. Tanni Haas traces the historical context in which public journalism emerged, develops a philosophy for public journalism, reviews empirical research on public journalism's performance to date and responds to the major criticisms directed at public journalism. He also examines the particular challenges that public journalism poses to curriculum and instruction: how can journalism educators teach students to write stories useful and of concern to citizens, and how can they encourage citizens to publicly criticize news coverage of given topics? Following review of the major challenges and criticisms of public journalism, the author offers practical solutions for improving public journalism and speculates on public journalism's likely future.
Rethinking journalism : trust and participation in a transformed news landscape
