http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11606 museum sector
museum sector
As a trainee in South Karelia Museum
Law on the protection of cultural property and on museums of february 15th 1962 (Poland)
MuseumFinland : Finnish museum on the Semantic Web
Tagungsberichte. 1986 : Tagungsbericht Polen = Report of the conference
Neverwhere
The world's heritage, the museum's responsibilities : proceedings of the 12th General Conference and 13th General Assembly of the International Council of Museums, Mexico City, 25 October - 4 November 1980
Volunteers in Museums and Heritage Organisations : policy, planning and management
Art is the mirror and the light
Museum microclimates : contributions to the Copenhagen conference 19-23 November 2007
Spectrum : the U K Museum Documentation Standard
Good life grows from strong roots
Papers from the seventh General Conference of ICOM = Actes de la septième Conférence Générale de l'ICOM : 22.9.-3.10.1965
Winds of change : [pääkirjoitus]
Museology and employment in the Finnish museum field
Tagungsbericht 1974 = Report of the conference 1974
Museum : a quarterly review published by Unesco : revue trimestrielle publiée par l'unesco
Finnish cultural heritage policy
Standards in the museum care of costume and textile collections 1998
Dansk Folkemuseum & Frilandsmuseet : history & activities
Trasure trove : in law and practise : from the earliest time to the present day
Conference proceedings of the 21st ICOM General Conference : Vienna, Austria 2007.
Tourist Motivation and Information Search Behaviour
Case: Museum of Contemporary Art Kiasma
Professionalising the muses : the museum profession in motion
Standards in the museum care of archaeological collections 1992.
The curatorial : a philosophy of curating
Who owns the past? : cultural policy, cultural property, and the law
It's all mediating: outlining and incorporating the roles of curating and education in the exhibition context
Standards in the museum care of biological collections 1992
ICOM code of ethics for museums
Methodology of museology and professional traning : joint colloquim, London, July 1983. 1-3, Symposium Museum - territory - society : new tendencies/new practices : Addenda
International directory of museum training
A report to the sponsors of the Scandinavian Seminar, June 14 - August 15, 1965
Freilichtmuseen und Denkmalpflege : Tagungsbericht 1978 = Open air museums and the preservation of monuments : report of the conference 1978
Museum registration methods
Heritage and museums : shaping national identity
Tagungsberichte. 1988 : Tagungsbericht Meiringen = Report of the conference
Summary in Estonian.
Proceedings of the 14th general conference and the 15th general assembly of the International Council of Museums, Buenos Aires 26 October - 4 November 1986
Standards in the museum care of photographic collections 1996
Law on the protection of cultural property and on museums as of February 15-th 1962
The world between us - contemporary museums as public spaces : case study : EMMA
Finskt Museum between the past and the future
Directory = Rpertoire = Directorio
Association of European open-air museum : 22nd conference 2005, 22-28 August, Finland: Helsinki, Tampere, Turku = Verband Europäischer Freilichtmuseen : 22ste Konferenz 2005, 22.-28. August, Finnland: Helsinki, Tampere, Turku
Como organizar um mundo multipolarizado? : os museus diante dos novos desafios culturais do planeta = Comment organiser un monde multipolaire? : les musées dans les nouveaux enjeux culturels planétaires = How to organize a multi-centred world? : museums and new global cultural issues
Museum microclimates : abstracts of posters at the Copenhagen conference 19-23 November 2007
Gender perspectives : essays on women in museums
Men from the ministry : how Britain saved its heritage
Curators, collections, and contexts : anthropology at the Field Museum, 1893-2002
Social history and industrial classification (SHIC) : a subject classification for museum collections. Vol. 2, Index
Tagungsbericht des Verbandes europäischer Freilichtmuseen. 1995, 17th annual conference of European open air museum
ICOM code of ethics for museums = Code de déontologie de l'ICOM pour les musées
Collecting & sharing good practice for lifelong learners in art museums and galleries in Europe
ICOM news : Newsletter of the International council of museums
The green museum : a primer on environmental practice
Museums are for people
The history of museums. Essays on museums
ICOM '89 : Museums: generators of culture : reports and comments
This collection of essays addresses the evolving goals, functions, values, and even definitions of museums since the end of WW II. It draws from 32 papers delivered at a national seminar entitled "Gender Perspectives: The Impact of Women in Museums.'' The editors are staff members of the Smithsonian, as are many of the contributors, both men and women. Although women were essential in founding, funding, and staffing museums, the thesis in Part I is that women do not hold positions of power, a contention that would appear to be challenged by the female participants themselves, all executives. Kendall Taylor's sound historical study shows too, among other things, that the role of women in museums tends to reflect, even anticipate, their role in society. Later in the collection, another solid essay by Lois Banner charts three stages of feminist studies (from "oppression studies'' to "post-structural feminism'') and contradicts the personal experiences that make up much of the volume. But it is here that the diversity of what we call museums and the people who run them becomes apparent: the contributors hail from high-art collections, children's museums, science and technology museums, and ethnic museums, specifically African- American. Many are concerned primarily with education, social commitment, and community values rather than with the more traditional tasks of curating, preserving, and restoring. All the essays illustrate how the emergence of women has coincided with the new functions, goals, and values of museums. The quality of the essays is uneven, the writing poor, the sense of audience unfocused (``Who are we as women in the museum world?'' the editors query). Post-conference editing would have given the collection some badly needed coherence . -- Copyright ©1994, Kirkus Associates, LP. All rights reserved.
XVI IAMAM congress : proceedings : 9-16 June 2002, Oslo, Norway
Project Mus.Cat: a CMS open-source application
Survey of the legal and professional responsibilities of the conservator-restorers as regard the other parties involved in the preservation and conservation of cultural heritage = Étude des responsabilitiés légales et professionnelles des conservateurs-restaurateurs au regard des autres acteurs de la sauvegarde et de la conservation du patrimoine culturel
Kuvia kuvista : taideteosten valokuvaamisesta = Pictures of pictures : photographing works of art
Standards in the museum care of geological collections 1993.
Museum and research : papers from the eight General Conference of ICOM = Musees et recherche : actes de la huitieme cenference generale de l'ICOM : Munich 29.7. - 9.8.1968
Curators, collections, and contexts : anthropology at the Field Museum : 1893-2002
Tagungsbericht. 1988. Tagungsbericht Meiringen : Arten von Freilichtmuseen : Freilichtmuseen weltweit : Freilichtmuseen und Tourismus = Report of the conference : Types of open-air museums : International open-air museums : Open-air museums and tourism
ICOM statutes ; ICOM code of professional ethics
Sharing is caring : openness and sharing in the cultural heritage sector
The museum in the service of man: today and tomorrow : the museum's educational and cultural role : the papers from the ninth General Conference of Icom = Le musée au service des hommes aujourdȧhui et demain : le role éducatif et culturel de musée : actes de la neuviéme Conference Générale del'Icom
The history of museums. The Oxford Museum
International workshop on flexible materials in Asian collections, exchange of approaches to conservation, presentation and use
International activity : a strategic plan for action : 2002/06
Rethinking the museum and other meditations
Conservation education - changing environment : proceedings of the Interim Meeting of the ICOM-CC Education and Training Working Group, October 1- 3, 2004, Evtek Institute of Art and Design, Vantaa, Finland
Tagungsberichte. 2001 : 20th Conference of the Association of European Open Air Museums : Hungary 19th to 20th August 2001 = 20. Konferenz de Verbandes Europäischer Freilichtmuseen : Ungarn 19. bis 26.8.2001 = 20 iéme conférence Lȧassociation des Musées de Plein Air Européens : Hongrie 19 au 26 aout 2001
Ecomuseums : a sense of place
Code of ethics for museums : ethical principles for all who work for or govern a museum in the UK
Arbeitstagung des Verbandes Europäischer Freilichtmuseen, Kroatien : 04. bis 07. September 2002 = Working session of the Association of European Open Air Museums, Croatia : 4th to 7th September 2002 = Conférence de travail de l'Association des musées de plein air européens, Croatie : 4 au 7 septembre 2002
The new face of Europe in its museums
An introduction to cultural heritage law
History of ICOM (1946-1996)
Tagungsberichte. 2002, Arbeitstagung des Verbandes Europäischer Freilichtmuseen, Kroatien : 04. bis 07. September 2002 = Working Sessions of the Association of European Open Air Museums, Croatia : 4th to 7th September 2002 = Conférence de travail de l'Association des musées de plein air européens, Croatie : 4 au 7 septembre 2002
Technical reference file : standards for the care of museumcollections
Exhibition experiments
Tagungsbericht = Conference report : 2005
Conceptualizing engagement modes : understanding museum-audience relationships in Latvian museums
Brighter perspectives for science & technology museums : CIMUSET 2012, Tampere, Helsinki, Finland, 28th-31st August 2012 : programme and abstracts
Danske museer ; Museo ; Museumsnytt ; Svenska museer : a special joint publication by the museum journals of the Nordic countries, summer 1995.
PadCAD : cushion design software = PadCAD : logiciel de conception de calage
Gender, sexuality and museums : a Routledge reader
Museums and truth
Rapport d'activité de la 3éme conférence générale, Namur, Belgique 10-12/02/1999 = Proceedings of the 3rd general conference, Namur, Belgique 10-12/02/1999
New roles and missions of museums : INTERCOM 2006 symposium
1991, CECA Conference : the museum and the needs of people
Tagungsbericht. 1980, Tagungabericht [i.e. Tagungsbericht] Oslo : Reali[t]ät und Museum : Kommerzialiserungstendenzen : Neue Konservierungstechniken = Report of the conference : Reality and museum : Tendencies of commercialisation : New conservation techniques
Social history and industrial classification (SHIC) : a subject classification for museum collections. Vol. 1, The classification
Abstract.
Verband europäischer Freilichtmuseen Tagungsbericht. 1982, Ungarn : 25 Jahre ICOM-Deklaration über Freilichtmuseen = 25 years of ICOM-declaration about open air museums
Preservation education : sharing best practices and finding common ground
History of ICOM (1945-1996)
Reimagining museums : practice in the Arabian peninsula
Regional economic structures in Finland : analyses of location and regional economic impact
Defining and measuring effectiveness in education and training
Communicating cultural heritage to the young : encouraging museum communications world wide
International conference in Helsinki ponders accessibility : Making Cultural Heritage Truly Inclusive : prospects of accessibility in Nordic museums 11-12 October 2007, the National Museum of Finland
The museum experience
Standards in the museum care of musical instruments 1995
Museums for a developing world
Essays on museums and their theory : towards the cybernetic museum
Self-assessment model for museums as a tool for quality management
The AIC guide to digital photography and conservation documentation
Proceedings of the Interim Meeting ICOM-CC Working Group Education and Training in Conservation, April 20-22, 2007, Academy of Fine Arts Vienna, Austria
Association of European Open Air Museums : report of the 21st Conference
A woman in the museum world
