http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11615 ghosts
ghosts
Max and the haunted castle
The white devil
The reckoning
Three souls : a novel
Brody's ghost. Book 1
Heat of the moment
Ghosthunters and the gruesome invincible lightning ghost!
The Claygate hound
Spooky soccer
Ghost hunting
Brody's ghost. Book 6
The steep and thorny way
How ho speak spook (and stay alive)
The great ghost rescue
Ghostbusters : PS4
The grownup : a story by the author of Gone Girl
The haunted book
The haunting of Hill House
Whoever is born here, is doomed to stay 'til death. Whoever settles, never leaves.  Welcome to Black Spring, the seemingly picturesque Hudson Valley town haunted by the Black Rock Witch, a 17th century woman whose eyes and mouth are sewn shut. Muzzled, she walks the streets and enters your homes at will. She stands next to your bed for nights on end. Everybody knows that her eyes may never be opened.  The elders of Black Spring have virtually quarantined the town by using high-tech surveillance to prevent their curse from spreading. Frustrated with being kept in lockdown, the town's teenagers decide to break their strict regulations and go viral with the haunting, but in so doing send the town spiraling into the dark, medieval practices of the past.
Brighton, 1871. A book by two respectable spinsters claiming to have seen the ghost of the Prince Regent in Brighton Pavilion shocks the town and attracts the attention of spiritualist Arthur Wallace Hope. Young Mina Scarletti, a writer of horror stories and investigator of psychic phenomena, suspects fraud. As the summer heat rises and hearts flutter dangerously, Mina and her associates delve into the mystery and, in doing so, they soon discover that nothing is as it seems.
A postapocalyptic ghosthunter escapes her dire fate by joining the ghost of a supersoldier on his quest to the underworld.
Scary Godmother : comic book stories
Grave dance : an Alex Craft novel
The Mapmaker and the ghost
The Skinless Boy seeks to understand the mysteries of his past, and Emmy investigates a decaying old domicile. Meanwhile, a malevolent serpent is sowing madness and malice in the minds of The Holler's residents, and only Bernice stands in the way of this new evil--but could enlisting the aid of the shadowy Lovely Belfont place her in a much more terrible danger? -- Provided by publisher.
The football ghosts
Cemetery girl. book one : The pretenders
Pelkäätkö pimeää?: Tulikummitus. Noiduttu juna / directed by D.J. Machael ; written by Gerald Weyler / directed by Jean-Marie Comeau ; written by Scott Peters
Ghosts - (Great mysteries)
13 days of midnight
Dead boy detectives. Volume 1 : Schoolboy terrors
Leaving Poppy
Anthony, George, and Lucy investigate new hauntings, track down assassins, and a new assistant joins Lockwood & Co. / WorldCat.
The phantom of the Opera : based on the novel by Gaston Leroux
After being killed by a man who is trying to use her soul to gain immortality, Rose Marshall, still sixteen, has been on the run for sixty years, trying to outrace the man and regain her freedom.
Her last whisper : a novel
Ghosts
Sisters of blood and spirit
The pillbox
Lily Vanilli in... : a zombie ate my cupcake! : 25 deliciously weird cupcake recipes for Halloween and other spooky occasions
The pickpocket's ghost
The new young Oxford book of ghost stories
Hereafter : with bonus material
From bad to cursed : a Bad girls don't die novel
Odd is on our side
The whispering skull
The awakening
Gustav Gloom and the people taker
The mammoth book of ghost romance
Ghostbusters : Xbox One
She calls herself Calexa Rose Dunhill. She has been living - hiding out - in Dunhill Cemetery ever since someone left her there to die. She has no idea who wants her dead or why, but she isn't about to hand around for her would-be-killer to finish the job.  Despite her self-imposed isolation among the deceased, Calexa's ability to see spirits and the memories she receives from them guarantees she'll never be alone. The only living people she interacts with are Kelner, the cemetery's cantankerous caretaker, and Lucinda Cameron, an elderly woman who lives in an old Victorian house across the street. With their friendship, Calexa has regained a link to the world beyond tombstones and mausoleums.  Until the night she witnesses a murder that shatters her life: a life now under a police microscope, as their investigation threatens to uncover Calexa's true identity . . .
Secret of the haunted cave
Spook's : the dark army
The Green Man
Under the bed
The mistletoe bride & other haunting tales
The grownup
The Silver Boy
Magic in the blood
Brody's ghost. Book 5
Mean spirits & Young blood
Brody's ghost. Book 4
The damned
The hunting ground
The dream thieves
The new ghost
Love you to death & High stakes
Archivist wasp : a novel
Scary Godmother
Harrow County. [volume 3] : Snake doctor
The last kiss goodbye : a novel
The hollow boy
The house of war and witness
Phantom of Blood Alley
Dusk or dark or dawn or day
As dead as it gets
The uninvited : a novel
The screaming staircase
A treasury of ghost stories
Charles Keeping's classic tales of the macabre
Bagpipes beasties and bogles
The pirate with the golden tooth
The happy ever after of Rosie Potter (RIP)
Red velvet and absinthe : paranormal erotic romance
Baldur's bones
Travelling bag : and other ghostly stories
Ghosthunters and the mud-dripping monster!
Apparitions : ghosts of Old Edo
When Luke Manchett's estranged father dies unexpectedly, he leaves his son a dark inheritance: a collection of eight restless spirits, known as his Host, who want revenge for their long enslavement. Once they figure out that Luke has no clue how to manage them, they become increasingly belligerent, and eventually mutiny. Halloween (the night when ghosts reach the height of their power) is fast approaching, and Luke knows his Host is planning something far more trick than treat. Armed with only his father's indecipherable notes, a locked copy of The Book of Eight, and help from school outcast Elza Moss, Luke has just thirteen days to uncover the closely guarded secrets of black magic and send his unquiet spirits to their eternal rest--or join their ghostly ranks himself.
Zero to hero
Ghosthunters and the incredibly revolting ghost!
The house at the end of Hope Street
The haunting
The ghost bride
Who killed Sherlock Holmes?
Ghost stories
Classic ghost stories. 2
Harrow County . vol. 2,  Twice told
A terrible crime forces Lockwood to turn to Lucy for help, setting them on the trail of dark secrets at the heart of London society. Both professionally and personally, their investigation stirs up forces they may not be able to control... / WorldCat.
The Orchard book of goblins, ghouls & ghosts : & other magical stories
Follows three young operatives of a Psychic Detection Agency as they battle an epidemic of ghosts in London.
In the shadow of blackbirds
How to scare the pants off your pets
The house on Cold Hill
The mistletoe bride and other haunting tales
HAUNTED HOUSES IN HISTORY
The lost bride
The Kingfisher treasury of ghost stories
Ghost town : tales of Manhattan then and now
Dial a ghost
Sleepy Hollow. The complete third season
Grave memory
Ghost : 100 stories to read with the lights on
In the shadow of blackbirds : a novel
The Walker book ghost stories
Cemetery girl.  book two, Inheritance
Halloween horror school
Ghosts and ruins
The bird eater
Grave witch : an Alex Craft novel
The day the donkey dropped dead
The graveyard book
Thin air
When Aladdin's parents discover food is being stolen from their restaurant, Aladdin and his friends decide to investigate. Soon, Aladdin notices a strange boy - dressed in shorts, despite the freezing cold. But as hard as Aladdin tries to catch the boy, he always disappears - leaving no tracks in the fresh snow..
A man dies from terror in an empty room, a family's kindness is rewarded with a vicious haunting, a scientist suffers from an unnatural affliction and a child is stolen and never returned ...From the foggy streets of Victorian London to the eerie perfection of 1950s suburbia, the everyday is invaded by the evil otherworldly in this unforgettable collection of new ghost stories from the author of The Woman in Black. In the title story, on a murky evening in a warmly lit club off St James, a bishop listens closely as a paranormal detective recounts his most memorable case, one whose horrifying denouement took place in that very building. In another, a devoutly Christian mother tries to protect her children from the evil influence of their grandmother. This is Susan Hill at her best, telling characteristically flesh-creeping and startling tales of thwarted ambition, terrifying revenge and supernatural stirrings that will leave readers wide-awake long into the night.
Notes from ghost town
The winter ghosts
The Birthing House
The journey of the rainbow
Seventeen-year-old Micheline Helsing is a tetrachcromat, able to see ghosts in color and capture them on film, but when a routine hunt goes awry, Micheline is infected with a curse known as a soulchain and if she is unable to exorcise the entity in seven days, she will be destroyed, body and soul
The Hunting ground
A Devil's Labyrinth : a rereading of Hamlet
Ashleigh and Danny Orchard are twins, not that you'd ever tell by looking at them - Danny distant and shy, Ash beautiful and accomplished. But there's a secret in the Orchard house: Ash is a monster, a psychopath who can feel only through bringing others pain. When Ash and Danny are caught in a fire on their 16th birthday, both of them die. But only Danny comes back. Since then, Ash has haunted Danny, denying him any form of normal life - or love. When Danny meets Willa and her son Eddie he glimpses the life he could have without Ash. To stop her from ruining his new-found happiness, Danny must venture into the frightening underworld of Detroit, where he will unearth the mystery of the night his and Ash's fates changed for ever.
Fury of the seventh son
Dan and the dead
Sparrow Hill Road
The time of the ghost
A treasury of spooky stories
Ghost hunt in the haunting highlands
TOM'S MIDNIGHT GARDEN
"A sixteen-year-old biracial girl in rural Oregon in the 1920s searches for the truth about her father's death while avoiding trouble from the Ku Klux Klan in this YA historical novel inspired by Shakespeare's 'Hamlet'"--
For years, the local Spook kept the county safe from evil. But now his time has ended, and there is only one boy who can take over - Thomas Ward, barely more than a child himself. Now he too must take on an apprentice, a girl called Jenny who is untested but willing to be trained in the dangerous life of a Spook.
The creeping shadow
The cabinet of curiosities : 36 tales brief &​ sinister
The royal ghost
The beasts of Clawstone Castle
Touch the dark
Ghost train
Scary stories for campfires
Archivist Wasp : a novel
Brody's ghost. Book 3
Ghostbusters : Ghost Busted
The supernatural enhancements
Carry on
Blue Lily, Lily Blue
The last kiss goodbye
The Awakening
Roald Dahl's book of ghost stories
Jessica's ghost
The riddle of the frozen phantom
Lockwood & Co. are hired to investigate Edmund Bickerstaff, a Victorian doctor who reportedly tried to communicate with the dead, while Lucy is distracted by urgent whispers coming from the skull in a ghost jar / WorldCat.
The unburied
The Tickle Ghost
The summoning
Haunted
