http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11676 agnosticism
agnosticism
An agnostic's apology : and other essays
The Oxford handbook of atheism
Nietzsche's anthropic circle : man, science, and myth
There is a God : how the world's most notorious atheist changed his mind
The secular outlook : in defense of moral and political secularism
Divine hiddenness : new essays
The origins of agnosticism : Victorian unbelief and the limits of knowledge
The God argument : the case against religion and for humanism
The moral fool : a case for amorality
Subjectivity and irreligion : atheism and agnosticism in Kant, Schopenhauer, and Nietzsche
The unknown God : agnostic essays
American secularism : cultural contours of nonreligious belief systems
For the millions of Americans who want spirituality without religion, Sam Harris's new book is a guide to meditation as a rational spiritual practice informed by neuroscience and psychology. Waking Up is for the 30 percent of Americans who follow no religion, but who suspect that Jesus, Buddha, Lao Tzu, Rumi, and the other saints and sages of history could not have all been epileptics, schizophrenics, or frauds. Throughout the book, Harris argues that there are important truths to be found in the experiences of such contemplatives -- and, therefore, that there is more to understanding reality than science and secular culture generally allow. Waking Up is part seeker's memoir and part exploration of the scientific underpinnings of spirituality.
Science, religion, and the meaning of life
Religion for atheists : a non-believer's guide to the uses of religion
Religion: Beyond Religion introduces the reader to life outside of religion via the study of secularity. Composed of twenty thematic chapters, this volume begins with an overview chapter designed to familiarize the reader with common terms used in the field. The book's first section focuses on how secularity functions in society, its second section on the psychological and philosophical aspects of secularity. Throughout the volume, the chapters discuss many alternatives to religion, including atheism, agnosticism, and humanism. A broader discussion of how society is becoming more secular and why people choose to be nonreligious echoes through each chapter. Using an interdisciplinary approach, undergraduate and lay readers are given a deeper understanding of the study of religion. Chapters are written by eminent scholars, are peer reviewed, and offer bibliographies to encourage further exploration. The volume concludes with a glossary and a comprehensive index.
After atheism : science, religion and the meaning of life
Successor to the highly acclaimed "Encyclopedia of Unbelief" (1985), edited by the late Gordon Stein, the "New Encyclopedia of Unbelief" is a comprehensive reference work on the history, beliefs, and thinking of America's fastest growing minority: those who live without religion. All-new articles by the field's foremost scholars describe and explain every aspect of atheism, agnosticism, secular humanism, secularism, and religious scepticism. The topics include morality without religion, unbelief in the historicity of Jesus, critiques of intelligent design theory, unbelief and sexual values, and summaries of the state of unbelief around the world. Over 130 respected scholars and activists world-wide served on the editorial advisory board and over 100 authoritative contributors have written in excess of 500 entries. In addition to covering developments since the publication of the original edition, the "New Encyclopedia of Unbelief" includes a larger number of biographical entries and much-expanded coverage of the linkages between unbelief and social reform movements of the 19th and 20th centuries, including the labour movement, woman suffrage, anarchism, sex radicalism, and second-wave feminism. The distinguished contributors are philosophers, scientists, scholars, and Nobel Prize laureates. With a foreword by evolutionary biologist and best-selling author Richard Dawkins, this unparalleled reference work provides comprehensive knowledge about unbelief in its many varieties and manifestations.
Christianity and the crisis of cultures
The meaning of theism
The errors of atheism
The language of God : a scientist presents evidence for belief
Waking up : a guide to spirituality without religion
Riddles of the Sphinx : a study in the philosophy of humanism
Darwin and God
Don't tell : stories and essays by agnostics and atheists in AA
Agnosticism : a very short introduction
How to be an agnostic
The wisdom to doubt : a justification of religious skepticism
Religion : beyond religion
The problem with God : why atheists, true believers, and even agnostics must all be wrong
A history of Greek philosophy. Volume 3, The fifth-century enlightment
The new encyclopedia of unbelief
Atheism : the case against God
The unbelievers: the evolution of modern atheism
