http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11629 patristics
patristics
Men and women in the early Christian centuries
The ascent of Christian law : Patristic and Byzantine formulations of a new civilization
Cyril of Alexandria's trinitarian theology of scripture
Homilies on Numbers
John of Damascus : new studies on his life and works
John Chrysostom : bishop, reformer, martyr
The fathers of the Church : a new translation. Vol. 117, Commentary on Matthew
An outline of Orthodox patristic dogmatics = Epitomos orthodoksos paterikē dogmatikē
The relevance of the Church Fathers for today : an Eastern Orthodox perspective
The fathers of the church : a comprehensive introduction
Augustine of Hippo is considered the most influential theologian in the history of the Church in the West. Augustine developed a sexual ethic that became decisive for later teachings on issues of marriage, reproduction and sexuality. Some of the most significant passages are reproduced here.
The early church at work and worship. Vol. 2, Catechesis, baptism, eschatology, and martyrdom
The fathers of the Church : a new translation. Vol 125, Commentary on Matthew
Gregory of Nyssa : ancient and (post)modern
Saint Augustine
The concept of beauty in patristic and Byzantine theology
The mystic of fire and light: St. Symeon the New Theologian
The theology of Augustine's Confessions
Christian Oxyrhynchus : texts, documents, and sources
Beginning to read the fathers
Illumination in Basil of Caesarea's doctrine of the Holy Spirit
God's presence : a contemporary recapitulation of early Christianity
"This database contains ... virtually the entirety of the volumes published in the Corpus Christianorum both the Series Latina and the Continuatio Mediaeualis, the opera omnia of major authors such as Augustine, Jerome, and Gregory the Great, as well as several works not yet available in the Corpus Christianorum but included in the Corpus Scriptorum Ecclesiasticorum Latinorum of Vienna, the Patrologia Latina, or other collections"--Guide, p. [39].
Dionysiu Leipsana : = The letters and other remains of Dionysius of Alexandria
Time and sacramentality in Gregory of Nyssa's Contra Eunomium
A guide to St. Symeon the New Theologian
Sacred scripture and secular struggles
The life of the Virgin
On fasting and feasts
Baptism : ancient liturgies and patristic texts
From the lost teaching of Polycarp : identifying Ireaneus' apostolic presbyter and the author of Ad diognetum
Byzantine hymnography for the Feast of the Entrance of the Theotokos : an intermedial approach
Suffering and evil in early Christian thought
Universalism : the prevailing doctrine of the Christian church during its first five hundred years : with authorities and extracts
Righteousness of one : an evaluation of early patristic soteriology in light of the new perspective on Paul
The way of the Fathers : exploring the patristic mind
Become like the angels : Origen's doctrine of the soul
God's degree and man's destiny : studies on the thought of Augustine of Hippo
Between 1973 and 1983 three volumes of collected essays by Willem C. van Unnik appeared under the title Sparsa Collecta. All the essays in these volumes had been published between 1930 and 1970. The editors of the present volume decided to publish a fourth volume with a selection of his later papers, some of which appear here for the first time in English (they were originally published in Dutch).
On difficulties in the church fathers : The ambigua. Vol. 2
Lutheran patristic catholicity : the Vincentian canon and the consensus patrum in Lutheran orthodoxy
Visions of God and ideas on deification in patristic thought
Novatiani Romanae urbis presbyteri De Trinitate liber : Novatian's Treatise on the trinity
The Christian doctrine of Apokatastasis : a critical assessment from the New Testament to Eriugena
Nicene and post-Nicene Fathers. Vol. 4, Augustin: The writings against the Manichaens, and against the Donatists : first series
Although Basil of Caesarea was the first to write a discourse on the Holy Spirit, many scholars have since questioned if he fully believed in the Spirit's divinity. Timothy McConnell argues that Basil did regard the Spirit as fully divine and an equal Person of the Trinity. However, Basil refused to use philosophical terminology to make the point, preferring to use what the Spirit himself revealed through divine act and Scripture. Thus, "illumination" becomes the primary paradigm for Basil setting the stage for this study's high relevance for contemporary thought.
The studies collected in this volume address the role of men and/or women in theology, in history, in narrative, in liturgy – in short, in a range of aspects of Christianity as it emerged and rose into prominence as a religion.
Transformed in Christ : christology and the Christian life in John Chrysostom
Bishop lists : formation of apostolic succession of bishops in ecclesiastical crises
Greek patristic and eastern orthodox interpretations of Romans
Studia Patristica. Vol. LXXIV, Including papers presented at the Fifth British Patristics Conference, London, 13-15 September 2014
The philosophical life : biography and the crafting of intellectual identity in late antiquity
The patristic gospels : an English version of the holy gospels as they existed in the second century
Twelve leading scholars have collaborated on this unique volume, bringing their biblical and patristic expertise together to show how the first followers of Jesus used their own canonical scriptures to address concerns central to life in the Roman Empire. Sacred Scripture and Secular Struggles offers an overview of how early Christians approached and appropriated biblical texts in addressing wider societal issues of imperial power, slavery, the use of wealth, suicide and other fundamental issues brought about by the convergence of empire and ecclesia.
The fathers of the Church : a new translation. Vol. 124, Commentary on the Twelve Prophet, vol. 3
The glory of the Lord : a theological aesthetics. Vol. 2, Studies in theological style : clerical styles
Biblical interpretation in the early Church : an historical introduction to patristic exegesis
Studies in Platonism and patristic thought
In 2011, Frances Young delivered the Bampton Lectures in Oxford to great acclaim. She offered a systematic theology with contemporary coherence, by engaging in conversation with the fathers of the church -- those who laid down the parameters of Christian theology and enshrined key concepts in the creeds -- and exploring how their teachings can be applied today, despite the differences in our intellectual and ecclesial environments. This book results from a thorough rewriting of those lectures in which Young explores the key topics of Christian doctrine in a way that is neither simply dogmatic nor simply historical. She addresses the congruence of head and heart, through academic and spiritual engagement with God's gracious accommodation to human limitations. Christianity and biblical interpretation are discussed in depth, and the book covers key topics including Creation, anthropology, Christology, soteriology, spirituality, ecclesiology and Mariology, making it invaluable to those studying historical and constructive theology.
Scriptural interpretation in the Fathers : letter and spirit
The collected works of Georges Florovsky. Vol. 4, Aspects of church history
Divine meaning : studies in patristic hermeneutics
Light on the mountain : Greek Patristic and Byzantine homilies on the Transfiguration of the Lord
Amor Dei : a study of the religion of St. Augustine : the Hulsean lectures for 1938
CETEDOC library of Christian Latin texts : database for the western Latin tradition. CLCLT-4 : 2000
The fathers of the Church : a new translation. Vol. 85, Stromateis : books one to three
The patristic doctrine of redemption : a study of the development of doctrine during the first five centuries
Patristic universalism : an alternative to the traditional view of divine judgment
New covenant, new community : the significance of biblical and patristic covenant theology for current understanding
St. Augustine on marriage and sexuality
Patristics and Catholic social thought : hermeneutical models for a dialogue
Studia Patristica. Vol. LXXII, Including papers presented at the Fourth British Patristics Conference, at the University of Exeter, 5-7-September 2012
Et introibo ad altare Dei : the mystagogy of Dionysius Areopagita, with special reference to its predecessors in the Eastern Christian tradition
Perichoresis and personhood : God, Christ, and salvation in John of Damascus
Ancient Christian commentary on Scripture : New Testament. 2, Mark
On the Incarnation : the treatise De incarnatione Verbi Dei
On the Holy Spirit
The fathers of the Church : a new translation. Vol 126, Correspondence on Christology and grace
The Bible and the church fathers : the liturgical context of patristic exegesis
Like a pelican in the wilderness : reflections on the Sayings of the Desert Fathers
Leontius of Jerusalem : against the Monophysites: testimonies of the saints and aporiae
The least of my brothers : Matthew 25:31-46 : a history of interpretation
Prayer of the publican : justification in the Desert Fathers
Sinners by nature or sinners by choice are the traditional positions of Western and (Near) Eastern branches of the Church. John Chrysostom, an early fifth century Bishop of Constantinople, took the latter position. Having gained a basic anthropology from his training in the Greek paideia, he understood the mindset to be the centre of responsibility of the person. Then the person with a renewed mindset sets about shaping it to be conformed to the image of Christ.
Early Christian historiography : narratives of retribution
Patristic tradition and intellectual paradigms in the 17th century
Simple and bold : Ephrem's art of symbolic thought
Mindset, moral choice and sin in the anthropology of John Chrysostom
The catechetical oration of Gregory of Nyssa
On the church : select letters
Language for God in patristic tradition : wrestling with biblical anthropomorphism
Ancient councils have been of utmost importance for the development of ecclesiastical structures and institutions. In order to facilitate their study, the Clauis conciliorum occidentalium contains the vaste number of Western synodal documents belonging to the first seven centuries in the form of an index : each council has been listed with an entry of its own which comprises the most important scholarly literature, the history of the tradition of its records including a short summary or synopsis of their contents as well as ancient and modern translations. In addition, there are also listed those councils whose records are lost. In this case, the sources are presented from which the gathering of a synod can be concluded. Whenever possible, the issues discussed by the bishops are outlined.
Augustine and the functions of concupiscence
The Wiley Blackwell companion to patristics
The Holy Fathers
The theological anthropology of Eustathius of Antioch
What is the Bible? : the patristic doctrine of scripture
Earthen vessels : the practice of personal prayer according to the patristic tradition
Deified person : a study of deification in relation to person and Christian becoming
Irenaeus's Demonstration of the apostolic preaching : a theological commentary and translation
The Catechetical oration of St. Gregory of Nyssa
Patristic hermeneutics : 4th-14th century
On the church : select treatises
This short biography of John Chrysostom, a priest of Antioch, who became bishop of Constantinople in 398 CE, is written with the intention of introducing to the non-specialist reader John, his life and his times. The insights into Chrysostom's theology, the classical Greek traditions upon which John draws and the ongoing effect of the person and his writings, that the author offers from his own research do much to enrich this brief account. The events of John's life, set in the cultural and social context of the time, are narrated in a vivid style that is easy to read.
The ministry of women in the early church
Maximus the Confessor and his companions : documents from exile
Creatio ex nihilo : the doctrine of 'Creation out of Nothing' in early Christian thought
How to read the church fathers
The letters
This is a collective work, consisting of about thirty papers focusing on the history of Late Antique and Medieval manuscript transmission of Iberian patristic texts. It opens up a new series entitled Traditio Patrum, focused on the textual transmission of the Early Church Fathers in the Western medieval world. The TraPat series will follow a planned subdivision by geographical area, except for the volume dedicated to the Latin Ante-Nicene Fathers (and those devoted to Latin translations of the Greek Fathers) which will follow a chronological order. The classification system will conform to the Clavis Patrum Latinorum and the Clavis Patrum Graecorum. The goal of this editorial project is twofold: on the one hand to investigate the textual transmission of single authors and works, highlighting specific features and the many aspects that still need further investigation; on the other hand, to make it possible to verify if the textual transmission of Latin patristic texts may obey still identifiable constants, and which they can be (e.g. the literary genre, the personality of the author, a specific historical moment, a field of theological thought etc). In this respect, the geographical area of origin could be an interesting constant to be verified. For the volume dedicated to the Iberian Fathers, it seems to be possible to pinpoint some characteristic features, most notably the tendency to pseudoepigraphy and pseudo-attribution by the manuscript tradition. Each of these features creates a framework for further methodological reflections.
Gateway to heaven : Marian doctrine and devotion, image and typology in the patristic and medieval periods. Vol. 1, Doctrine and devotion
The fathers of the Church : a new translation. Vol. 23, Christ the educator
The heavenly trumpet : John Chrysostom and the art of Pauline interpretation
The cross in Christian tradition : from Paul to Bonaventure
Patristic sources and Catholic social teaching : a forgotton dimension ; a textual, historical, and rhetorical analysis of patristic source citations in the church's social documents
An Interpretation of the divine liturgy based on actual events and experiences of holy priests, monks and lay people
Theodore the Stoudite : the ordering of holiness
The one and the three : nature, person and triadic monarchy in the Greek and Irish patristic tradition
Aspects of the liturgical year in Cappadocia (325-430)
Cyril of Jerusalem, Mystagogue : the authorship of the Mystagogic catecheses
Traditio Patrum. I, Scriptores Hispaniae
Questions and answers
Remember the days of old : Orthodox thinking on the patristic heritage
Philo and the church fathers : a collection of papers
Irenaeus of Lyons on baptism and eucharist : selected texts with introduction, translation, and annotation
Freedom from passions in Augustine
Georges Florovsky and the Russian religious renaissance
Alexander l. Abecinba argues that Gregory of Nyssa's dispute with Eunomius of Cyzicus in Contra Eunomium gave birth to a sacramental view of time. "In Chapter 1, Time and Ontology, I show that Gregory sees temporal extension ... as a fundamental property that distinguishes the creature from the Creator. Further, Nyssen conceives of creaturely temporality in a two-fold manner: temporality that applies to sensible creation and a higher temporality that applies to intelligible creation. For Gregory, time not only acts to veil the Creator from the creature. Through a participatory ascent from sensible to intelligible temporality, time also acts as the very means of creaturely communion with God. The veiling and unveiling function of time gives rise to its sacramental character. Chapter 2, Time, Language and Thought, extends the findings of Chapter 1. I argue that, for Nyssen, words pertain to sensible temporality while thought pertains to intelligible temporality. Words and thought, being temporally diastematic in character, veil the Creator from the creature. Nevertheless, for Gregory, the ascent of sensible to intelligible temporality is mirrored in an ascent from the spoken words to silent thought that also unveils the Creator to the creature. Thus, words and thought possess a sacramental character insofar as they are caught up the ascent of sacramental time into union with God. Chapter 3, Time and Christology, discusses topics such as the divine economy, the divine and human nature of Christ, and the kenosis and deification of Christ. I argue that Nyssen sees the Incarnation as the Sacrament, par excellence, of humanity's salvation. In this event the Son's divine nature is veiled in flesh, yet is visible in that same flesh to those who have "clear vision." This unique event in history, in which the human nature of the Son is properly deified, provides the basis for creaturely temporal ascent into the life of God. Creaturely temporal existence is sacramental, inasmuch as it shares in the unique Christological Sacrament by analogy. In the Epilogue I allow the findings of Chapters 1 to 3 to shed light on Greogory's understanding of the sacraments of baptism and eucharist. I argue that Gregory's defense of pro-Nicene sacramental practices, over against Eunomius of Cyzicus, depends upon his sacramental view of time."
Reading the Gospels with the early church : a guide
Champion of martyrs, scourge of heretics, erudite theologian, shrewd politicianno account of early Christianity is complete without careful consideration of Irenaeus of Lyons. Here a team of international scholars examine aspects of the saints life, historical context, engagement with scripture, and his ecclesiastical and theological legacy for succeeding generations.
The Universe as communion : towards a neo-patristic synthesis of theology and science
The son of God beyond the flesh : a historical and theological study of the extra Calvinisticum
Novatian was a priest of Rome in the third century who wrote a commentary on the Rule of Faith, commonly titled, 'On the Trinity'. Although the document is not well known outside of the field of early Christian studies, it made an important contribution to the doctrine of the Trinity in the early Church, and as several scholars have maintained, it helped set the stage for the definition of the faith known as the Nicene Creed. Novatian would eventually find himself at the center of a controversy which led to a schism of the Church, and so his works were relegated to obscurity for centuries. However, in its time, Novatian's 'On the Trinity' was the epitome of Roman theology, and as some have argued, it was even ahead of its time. The present volume contains the complete works of Novatian translated into English, with an introduction and full bibliography of Novatian studies. This new translation takes into account the latest scholarship on Novatian, and brings the documents up to a new level of clarity and readability.
Classical trinitarian theology : a textbook
The fathers of the Church : a new translation. Vol. 123, Commentary on the Apocalypse
Symbols of church and kingdom : a study in early Syriac tradition
The Confessions of Augustine
The fathers of the Church : a new translation. Vol. 120, Apology for Origen ; with the letter of Rufinus: On the falsification of the books of Origen
Transformations of religious practices in late antiquity
The early church at work and worship. Vol. 1, Ministry, ordination, covenant, and canon
Gnosis and Gnosticism : papers read at the Seventh International Conference on Patristic studies (Oxford, September 8th-13th 1975)
A Eucharistic ontology : Maximus the Confessor's eschatological ontology of being as dialogical reciprocity
The fathers of the Church : a new translation. Vol. 100, On illustrious men
The fathers of the Church : a new translation. Vol. 81, Letters : Volume 6 : (1-29)
The use of sacrificial ideas in Greek Christian writers from the New Testament to John Chrysostom
The four authentic letters of Ignatius, the martyr
Mariological thought of Mar Jacob of Serugh (451-521)
The commonitorium of Vincentius of Lerins
The theory of 'apokatastasis' (restoration), most famously defended by the Alexandrian exegete, philosopher and theologian Origen, has its roots in both Greek philosophy and Jewish-Christian Scriptures and literature, and became a major theologico-soteriological doctrine in Patristic. This monograph - the first comprehensive, systematic scholarly study of the history of the Christian 'apokatastasis' doctrine - argues its presence and Christological and Biblical foundation in numerous Christian thinkers, including Syriac, and analyses its origins, meaning, and development over eight centuries, from the New Testament to Eriugena, the last Patristic philosopher. Surprises await readers of this book, which results from fifteen years of research. For instance, they will discover that even Augustine, in his anti-Manichaean phase, supported the theory of universal restoration.
God's many-splendored image : theological anthropology for Christian formation
The eucharistic prayer of Addai and Mari
On the tree of the cross : Georges Florovsky and the patristic doctrine of atonement
On the two ways : life or death, light or darkness : foundational texts in the tradition
Festal orations
The five theological orations of Gregory of Naziansus
On difficulties in the church fathers : The ambigua. Vol. 1
The fathers of the Church : a new translation. Vol. 86, Four anti-Pelagian writings : On nature and grace ; On proceedings of Pelagius ; On the predestination of the saints ; On the gift of preservance
Corpus christianorum. Claves, Subsidia
Soliloquies and Immortality of the soul
The early Christian fathers : a selection from the writings of the Fathers from St. Clement of Rome to St. Athanasius
Sparsa collecta : the collected essays of W. C. van Unnik. Part 4, Neotestamentica, Flavius Josephus, Patristica
Themes in Orthodox patristic psychology : humility, obedience, repentance, love
On the trinity, Letters to Cyprian of Carthage, Ethical treatises
St. Gregory Palamas as a hagiorite
Origeniana undecima : Origen and Origenism in the history of Western thought
The unity of Christ : continuity and conflict in patristic tradition
Works on the Spirit : Athanasius and Didymus : Athanasius's letters to Serapion on the Holy Spirit and Didymus's On the Holy Spirit
The eighteen papers collected in this volume - fifteen of which are published in English for the first time - explore the transformations of religious practices between the third and the fifth centuries in the Western part of the Roman Empire. They share an approach that privileges the study of processes and interactions and does not take for granted the categories and roles traditionally ascribed to social actors. A first group of papers focuses on the sermons and letters of Augustine of Hippo. These texts are precious evidence for balancing the clerical perspective that characterizes most of our sources and can thus shed a different light on the problem of Christianization. The second group collects papers that propose to shift attention from the construction of heresies to that of orthodoxy through the case-study of the controversy of Augustine against Pelagius and Julian of Eclanum. A last group present studies that look at the complex relation between burial and religion, with a particular focus on the role played by the church in the organization of the burial of Christians in Late Antiquity.
Orthodoxy, process and product
A celebration of living theology : a festschrift in honour of Andrew Louth
Counsels on the spiritual life
Fathers of the world : essays in rabbinic and patristic literatures
"Authoritative, comprehensive presentation of Christian texts and texts about Christians in the Oxyrhynchus papyri"--Blumell and Wayment present a thorough compendium of all published papyri, parchments, and patristic sources that relate to Christianity at Oxyrhynchus before the fifth century CE. Christian Oxyrhynchus provides new and expanded editions of Christian literary and documentary texts that include updated readings, English translations--some of which represent the first English translation of a text--and comprehensive notes. The volume features New Testament texts carefully collated against other textual witnesses and a succinct introduction for each Oxyrhynchus text that provides information about the date of the papyrus, its unique characteristics, and textual variants. Documentary texts are grouped both by genre and date, giving readers access to the Decian Libelli, references to Christians in third- and fourth-century texts, and letters written by Christians. A compelling resource for researchers, teachers, and students, Christian Oxyrhynchus enables broad access to these crucial primary documents beyond specialists in papyrology, Greek, Latin, and Coptic.
