http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11651 impressionism
impressionism
The painting of modern life : Paris in the art of Manet and his followers
Pissarro and Pontoise : the painter in a landscape
Hidden treasures revealed : impressionist masterpieces and other important French paintings preserved by the State Hermitage Museum, St. Petersburg
Impressionist and Post-Impressionist Paintings in Sowiet Museums
Impressionism in Britain
Modern oil impressionists
The impressionists
The world of Manet 1832-1883
American impressionism : paintings of promise / David R. Brigham
Impressionism : by the ed. of Réalités
Creating Impressionist Landscapes in Oil
Pierre Bonnard : painting Arcadia
The artist in his studio
Panorama of world art : Art of nineteenth-century
French impressionists
Origins of Impressionism
Early impressionism and the Franch State (1866-1874)
Phaidon encyclopedia of impressionism
In Monet's light : Theodore Robinson at Giverny
Impressionist art 1860-1920. Volume I-II. Volume I: Impressionism in France, Volume II Impressionism in Europe and North America
Impressionists and Post-Impressionists. 7
The French impressionists in full colour
The impressionists : portraits and confidences
Claude Monet : life at Giverny
Techniques of the impressionists
Claude Monet : paintings in Soviet museums
Impressionist and post-impressionist masterpieces at the Musée d'Orsay / foreword by Michel Laclotte ; introduction by Edward Lucie-Smith
Monet at Giverny
Copying masterpieces
Women impressionists
HISTORY OF ART : A SURVEY OF THE MAJOR VISUAL
Monet  : at Véheuil and on the Norman coast 1878-1883
Book of art 3. 03.
Hidden treasures revealed : Impressionist masterpieces and other important French paintings preserved by the State Hermitage Museum, St. Petersburg
A day in the country : impressionism and the French landscape, exhibition itinerary: Los Angeles Country Museum of Art, June 28- September 16, 1984; the Art Institute of Chicago, October 23, 1984- January 6 , 1985; Galeries nationales d'exposition du grand palais, Paris, February 8-April 22, 1985
French impressionism
Impressionism : paint and politics / John House
Vincent van Gogh : the complete paintings
Art of the impressionists
Munch, Van Gogh
Impressionist women
From Fauvism to Impressionism: Albert Marquet : an exhibition from the Centre Pompidou in Paris
Impressionists and symbolists : Manet, Degas, Monet, Pissarro, Sisley, Renoir, Cezanne, Seurat, Gauguin, Van Gogh, Toulouse-Lautrec
Adolphe Valette : a French impressionist in Manchester
Childe Hassam : american impressionist
The concise encyclopedia of impressionism
The impressionists : with 108 plates in full colour
Impressionism : biographical and critical study 2 / by Jean Leymarie
Edouard Manet
A selection from the pictures by Boudin, Cézanne, Degas, Manet, Monet, Morisot, Pissarro, Renoir, Sisley : exhibited by Messrs. Durand-Ruel and Sons, of Paris, at the Grafton Galleries ... London, 1905.
Post-impressionists
The book of art : a pictorial encyclopedia of painting, drawing and sculpture. 7. Impressionists and post-impressionists
Living Monet : the artist's gardens
The art of the post-impressionists
The book of art : a pictorial encyclopedia of painting, drawing and sculpture. 7, Impressionists and post-impressionists
E. Munch
The treasures of Vincent van Gogh
Katie meets the impressionists
Camille Pissarro : impressions of city & country
Monet and the Mediterranean
Monet : lost in translation ; Corot, Courbet, Diaz de la Pen̄a, Rousseau, Boudin, Pissarro, Degas, Sisley, Morisot, Guillaumin, Renoir, Gauguin ; [on the occasion of the Exhibition Monet - Lost in Translation hed at ARoS Aarhus Art Museum, Aarhus 9 October 2015 - 10 January 2016]
Renoir, his life, art and letters
Cezanne : the life and work of the artist illustrated with 80 colour plates
American impressionism and realism : the painting of modern life, 1885-1915
Modern art : impressionism to post-modernism
The art of Toulouse-Lautrec
Art in the making : Impressionism
Impressionism : reflections and perceptions
Degas : the invisible eye
The extraordinary adventure of the dawn of the 20th century : From impressionism to the school of paris : From renoir to picasso
French impressionists and their circle
Unknown impressionist / Kathleen Adler
The art of Cezanne
THE BOOK OF ART  7 : IMPRESSIONISTS AND POST..
Van Gogh : Auvers-sur-Oise
The impressionists : [the complete guide from Cezanne to van Gogh]
Impressionists and impressionism
The masterworks of the impressionists
The impressionist garden : ideas and  inspiration from the gardens and paintings of the impressionists
The book of art : a pictorial encyclopedia of painting, drawing, and sculpture. 7, Impressionists and post-impressionists
Studies in impressionism
Life and works of Monet
Paris in the age of impressionism : masterworks from the Musée d'Orsay
THE CONCISE ENCYCLOPEDIA OF IMPRESSIONISM
Art + Paris : Impressionists & Post-impressionists : the ultimate guide to artists, paintings and places in Paris and Normandy
Mad enchantment : Claude Monet and the painting of the water lilies
The book of art : 7.
The paintings of Cézanne
The history of impressionism / John Rewald
The French impressionists : with an essay
Renoir : a master of impressionism
Impression : painting quickly in France 1860-1890 : The National Gallery, London, 1.11.2000 - 28.1.2001 : Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam, 2.3. - 20.5.2001 : Sterling and Francine Clark Art Institute, Williamstown, 16.6. - 9.9.2001 / Richard R. Brettell
Impressionist and post-impressionist painting in the Metropolitan museum of Art / Charles S. Moffet
French impressionists and their circle / text by Herman J. Wechsler
Impressionism and post-impressionism in the Art Institute of Chicago / selected by James N. Wood
World impressionism : the international movement 1860-1920
Impressionism and post-impressionism : the Hermitage, Leningrad, the Pushkin Museum of Fine Arts, Moscow and the National Gallery of Art, Washington
Claude Monet : life and work
Renoir : the life and work of the artist illustrated with 80 colour plates
Claude Monet : The clouds, the water
Painting light : the hidden techniques of the impressionists
THE IMPRESSIONISTS
The history of impressionism
The age of the impressionists
The centure of the impressionnists
Impressionist & post-impressionist masterpieces : the Courtauld collection
MASTERPIECES OF IMPRESSIONISM & POST-IMPRESSIONISM : THE ANNENBERG COLLECTION
Unknown impressionists
Paint with the impressionists : a step-by-step guide to their methods and materials for today's artists : with 400 illustrations, 362 in colour
The post-impressionists
The book of art. 7, Impressionists and post-impressionists
