http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11647 falling ill
falling ill
Dying : a memoir
Mapping the uncanny : assessing dimensions of psychotic-like experiences for clinical utility
Breaking bad. The complete second season
Day four
Inside the O'Briens : a novel
Close to the bone : life threatening illness and the search for meaning
An introduction to health psychology
Don't want to go!
Polly's absolutely worst birthday ever
Health psychology
Death is now my neighbour
Bob the dog
Breaking bad. The complete fourth season
When his younger brother is diagnosed with leukemia, thirteen-year-old Steven tries to deal with his complicated emotions, his school life, and his desire to support his family.
Inside the O'Briens
The Savages
All of me : a fuller picture of anorexia
The island
Five run away together
Grain brain : the surprising truth about wheat, carbs, and sugar - your brain’s silent killers
Christopher's story
One in three : a son's journey into the history and science of cancer
East of the mountains
Non-communicable disease risk factor survey : federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina year 2002
The immortal life of Henrietta Lacks
Breaking bad. The complete third season
Grain brain : the surprising truth about wheat, carbs, and sugar--your brain's silent killers
The mum-minder
The big C. The complete first season
How to heal a broken wing
Swallow me whole
In sickness and in power : illness in heads of government during the last 100 years
Fern : [the pampered rabbit]
Why, Charlie Brown, why? : a story about what happens when a friend is very ill
Genetic studies on Finnish lupus erythematosus patients with cutaneous manifestations
Mr Betts and Mr Potts
Breaking bad. The final season
There's something I've been dying to tell you
Just2seconds : using time and space to defeat assassins : with a compendium of attacks against at-risk persons
On the day Hannah is finally going to tell her husband she's leaving him, he has a stroke… and life changes in an instant. Tom's only 32. Now he can't walk or cut up his own food, let alone use his phone or take her in his arms. And Hannah's trapped. She knows she has to care for her husband, the very same man she was ready to walk away from. But with the time and fresh perspective he's been given, Tom re-evaluates his life, and becomes determined to save his marriage. Can he once again become the man his wife fell in love with, or has he left it too late?
Miracles from heaven
My everything
Sense of coherence and distress in cancer patients and their partners
One last thing before I go
Get a life
Drat that cat!
You, me & other people
The big C. The complete third season
The storm at the door : a novel
Coping with the psychological effects of cancer
My brief history
Lucia Joyce : to dance in the wake
Stress, coping, and development : an integrative perspective
Surviving after cancer : living the new normal
One hundred days of happiness
Me and Earl and the dying girl
Will you remember me?
Seventeen-year-old Greg has managed to become part of every social group at his Pittsburgh high school without having any friends, but his life changes when his mother forces him to befriend Rachel, a girl he once knew in Hebrew school who has leukemia.
Assessment of risk for type 1 diabetes in children of affected families and in the general population : role of immunological and metabolic markers
The big C. The final season
Things fall apart
Drums, girls, and dangerous pie
Ghost boy : the miraculous escape of a misdiagnosed boy trapped inside his own body
Environment and health in the Accra metropolitan area, Ghana
When breath becomes air
Written cancer narratives : an ethnomedical study of cancer patients' thoughts, emotions and experiences
I'm really ever so not well
Homogeneous assays for simplified screening of HLA-conferred genetic disease risk
Bodies at risk : an ethnography of heart disease
It takes a genome : how a clash between our genes and modern life is making us sick
Team Trouble
Grain brain : the surprising truth about wheat, carbs, and sugar : your brain's silent killers
The clay lion : a novel
Breaking bad. The complete first season
The fire eaters
#16thingsithoughtweretrue
This collection of short stories set in the Delirium world centers around Hana Tate, Lena's mother Annabel and the fierce rebel leader of the Wilds Raven. Each story was published originally as a digital novella. This collection also includes an excerpt from Replica.
No more eeh-orrh!
The world of Norm : may be contagious
His wife leaves him : [a novel]
The misogynist
Toot & Puddle : wish you were here
George Catches A Cold
Process of burnout : structure, antecedents, and consequences
In gratitude
Lightning
Ghost boy
The big C. The complete second season
Daisy and the trouble with life
Breaking bad. The fifth season
Matters of the heart
The breakdown lane
Me and Earl and the dying girl : a novel
Good practice in brain injury case management
Kaiken teoria = The theory of everything
"For readers of Atul Gawande, Andrew Solomon, and Anne Lamott, a profoundly moving, exquisitely observed memoir by a young neurosurgeon faced with a terminal cancer diagnosis who attempts to answer the question What makes a life worth living? At the age of thirty-six, on the verge of completing a decade's worth of training as a neurosurgeon, Paul Kalanithi was diagnosed with stage IV lung cancer. One day he was a doctor treating the dying, and the next he was a patient struggling to live. And just like that, the future he and his wife had imagined evaporated. When Breath Becomes Air chronicles Kalanithi's transformation from a naive medical student "possessed," as he wrote, "by the question of what, given that all organisms die, makes a virtuous and meaningful life" into a neurosurgeon at Stanford working in the brain, the most critical place for human identity, and finally into a patient and new father confronting his own mortality.  What makes life worth living in the face of death? What do you do when the future, no longer a ladder toward your goals in life, flattens out into a perpetual present? What does it mean to have a child, to nurture a new life as another fades away? These are some of the questions Kalanithi wrestles with in this profoundly moving, exquisitely observed memoir.  Paul Kalanithi died in March 2015, while working on this book, yet his words live on as a guide and a gift to us all. "I began to realize that coming face to face with my own mortality, in a sense, had changed nothing and everything," he wrote. "Seven words from Samuel Beckett began to repeat in my head: 'I can't go on. I'll go on.'" When Breath Becomes Air is an unforgettable, life-affirming reflection on the challenge of facing death and on the relationship between doctor and patient, from a brilliant writer who became both.  Advance praise for When Breath Becomes Air    "Rattling, heartbreaking, and ultimately beautiful, the too-young Dr. Kalanithi's memoir is proof that the dying are the ones who have the most to teach us about life."--Atul Gawande  "Thanks to When Breath Becomes Air, those of us who never met Paul Kalanithi will both mourn his death and benefit from his life. This is one of a handful of books I consider to be a universal donor--I would recommend it to anyone, everyone."--Ann Patchett"--
The cold eye of heaven
Finding strength : a mother and daughter's story of childhood cancer
Terms of endearment : a novel : with a new preface
