http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11619 Russian speakers
Russian speakers
The Russian second generation in Tallinn and Kohtla-Järve : the TIES study in Estonia
Perception and learning of Finnish quantity : study in children with reading disabilities and familial risk for dyslexia and Russian second-language learners
The article deals with the specificity of initial labour integration for Russian-speaking students who study at the universities of Helsinki, Jyväskylä, Tampere, Turku and Helsinki. The empirical databases from the Finnish Social Science Data Archive (Tampere, 2006) are used as a basis for analysis. The empirical data has been processed using the SPSS 11.0 program. The results, based on mathematical and statistical analysis, allow us to draw conclusions about the existence of several differentiated levels of success in terms of the integration for Russian-speaking immigrants in Finland. As a result, four types of integration have been classified as follows - “well-integrated”, “potentially well-integrated”, “moderately integrated”, and “poorly integrated”. Whereas the first two types of integration are characterized by how successfully the immigrants integrate into the labour market, their language skills and the types of labour they are engaged in, the other two types are characterized by other influencing factors (educational “load,” family ties, secondary labour activity, obstacles to labour activity).
THE OXFORD CHEKHOV  9
Anthology of old Russian literature
International dimensions in the position of the Russian-speaking minority i Estonia
Monolingual and bilingual EFL learners : a comparative study
Pushkin threefold : narrative, lyric, polemic, and ribald verse : the originals with linear and metric
Modern Russian literature : from Chekhov to the present
A study of transfer errors in the written English of Russian learners
Summary in Estonian.
Latvian and Russian-speaking press in Latvia before the EU accesion referendum
SKETCHES FROM A HUNTER'S ALBUM
National minorities in Finland : richness of cultures and languages
The master and Margarita
Stories from the beer kiosk : contemporary Russian folk narratives in Mikhail Weller's Nevsky Prospect legends
Resurrection
Russian and Slavic literature
Tšestnyi vor i drugije rasskazy = An honest thief, and other stories
Music and literature in Silver age Russia : Mikhail Kuzmin and Alexander Scriabin
Identity in formation : the Russian-speaking nationality in Estonia and Bashkortostan
A soviet heretic
Dictionary of literary biography. Vol. 198, Russian literature in the age of Pushkin and Gogol : prose
Anglijski : English for Russian speakers : polnyi kurs. 1B
The heart of a dog
Russian-speaking immigrant students in Finland : searching for the meaning of languages and cultures
Russian bibliographies : Bibliographies and books on librarianship printed in Russian characters in the Helsinki university library
Identity in formation : the Russian-speaking populations in the near abroad
THE OXFORD CHEKHOV  8
Leningrad poetry 1953-1975 : the Thaw generation
Chekhov plays
About the self and the time : on the autobiographical texts by É. Gerštejn, T. Petkevič, E. Bonnèr, M. Pliseckaja and M. Arbatova
Ot Puškina do Cehova : iz russkoj prozy XIX veka = From Pushkin to Chekhov : from Russian prose of XIX century
Hard currency or a stigma : Russian-Finnish bilingualism among young Russian-speaking immigrants in Finland
Writers in Russia : 1917-1978
Russian themes
Three centuries of Russian poetry
Perceived discrimination and psychological well-being among Russian- and Estonian-speaking immigrants in Finland
Russian-speaking immigrant students in Finland : negoting language identity
The situation of the Russian minorities in Latvia and Finland - a comparison
Jaan Kross and Russian culture
Xlebnikov and carnival : an analysis of the poem Poèt
Latvian Russians : identity, citizenship, language
Twelve plays
School as developmental environment and students' coping : aspects of Estonian school today
The Russian revolutionary novel : Turgenev to Pasternak
The case for Latvia : disinformation campaigns against a small nation : fourteen hard questions and straight answers about a Baltic country
Formation of collective identity among Russophone population of Estonia
This thesis first presents HR House Group Oy, a temporary staffing and recruitment service. The company is targeting potential Russian-speaking employees. Hence the researcher works on marketing the organization to the future employees. The thesis is about marketing management. It focuses on branding the company in order to get a totally new employee segment. The researcher is involved in the recruitment processes of the company. The study helps to understand how the whole system works. Both marketing and HR (Human Resouces) departments are involved in the analysis, but the main focus is on marketing. The theoretical part deals with marketing communication and integrated marketing communication. Promotion is described in more detail with the help of social events and job fairs that the company participated in. Using social media and the Internet web pages are some of the other branding tools that are discussed in the thesis. Moreover, the marketing of the company is presented from the international and cultural points of view. The research is based on a quantitative methods. An online-survey and open questions were used to gather data. Online surveys offered multiple-choice answers and supplementary questions required open answers. Some thirty people participated in both of the data collection types. The respondents were chosen very carefully. All of them have dissimilar professions, education and therefore contrary opinions and attitudes towards employement in Finland. However there is one very important thing they all have in common: they all speak Russian. Their answers help to define both challenges and advantages of getting jobs in Finland for a Russian-speaking job hunter and help to understand where people look for jobs. As a result, their point of views help to find the right approach toward potential employees from the company's perspective.
SELECTED WORKS IN TWO VOLUMES 2
Migrant friendships in a super-diverse city : Russian-speakers and their social relationships in London in the 21st century
Development of intercultural competence through second language acquisition? : a study of Russian-speaking immigrants' acculturation in the Netherlands
How do you do? - Kak dela? : experiences of Russian-speaking pupils in Helsinki schools
In search of the self : reconciling the past and the present in immigrants' experience
The očerk: suggestions toward a redefinition
The Karamazov brothers : a novel in four parts with an epilogue in two volumes. vol 2
The plays of Anton Chekhov
When identity becomes political : the Russophone population of Moldova in social media
THE TALE OF THE DEAD PRINCESS AND THE SEVEN
Psychological acculturation and adaptation among Russian-speaking immigrant adolescents in Finland
THE OXFORD CHEKHOV
A history of Russian literature : from its beginnings to 1900
A history of Russian literature : comprising a history of Russian literature and contemporary Russian literature
What should I think, how should I feel? : the balancing of personal experiences and social norms in the outgroup attitude formation of youth
New studies in modern Russian literature and culture : essays in honor of Stanley J. Rabinowitz
Alexander Solzhenitsyn : cold war icon, gulag author, Russian nationalist? : a study of the Western reception of his literary writings, historical interpretations, and political ideas
Igrok = The gambler
Shrinking citizenship : discursive practices that limit democratic participation in Latvian politics
The second periodic report of Finland on the application of the European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages
Anglijski : English for Russian speakers : polnyi kurs. 1A
Five plays
Osallistumisen multimodaaliset diskurssit = Multimodal discourses of participation
Character in the short prose of Ivan Sergeevič Turgenev
War and peace
Russica : the Russian collection in the Nobel Library of the Swedish Academy : a selective catalogue 1766-1936 = Russica : Russkaâ kollekciâ v Nobelevskoj biblioteke Švedskoj Akademii : izbrannyj katalog 1766-1936
Nation, language, Islam : Tatarstan's sovereignty movement
A cat's lick : democratisation and minority communities in the post-Soviet Baltic
Acquisition of Polish pronunciation by Finnish and Russian learners
The Russian language outside the nation
An introduction to the russian novel
Adaptation experiencies of russian-speaking female students in Finland
Summary.
FIRST LOVE
Russian literature
Literature and history : theoretical problems and Russian case studies
Second language socialization and learner agency : adoptive family talk
The hunting sketches
Russian poetics : proceedings of the International colloquium at UCLA, September 22-26, 1975
THE TALES OF IVAN BELKIN
The silver age in Russian literature : selected papers from the Fourth World Congress for Soviet and East European Studies, Harrogate, 1990
Saints and revolutionaries : the ascetic hero in Russian literature
Echo : short stories = Èho
Belyje notši i drugije rasskazy = White nights and other stories
The Russian minority in Estonia : a  new linguistic reality, changing identities, and the European Union
The cossacks ; The raid
The Karamazov brothers : a novel in four parts with an epilogue in two volumes. vol 1
The epic of Russian literature from its origins through Tolstoy
Selected tales
Issues in Russian literature before 1917 : selected papers of the third World Congress for Soviet and East European Studies
Russian bibliographies : bibliographies and books on librarianship printed in Russian characters in the Helsinki university library
The cherry orchard and other plays
Belarusian literature of the diaspora
A hero of our time
An introduction to Russian literature
Russian-speaking professionals in the Helsinki metropolitan area : prospects and challenges
The ethnic identity of Russian-speaking students in Estonia in the context of educational change
Autobiography of a corpse
Initial labour integration of Russian-speaking students in Finland
Role of the Estonian Russian-language media in the integration of the Russian-speaking minority into Estonian society
Promoting HR House Group Oy to potential Russian - speaking employees
Psychological acculturation and adaptation among russian-speaking immigrant adolescents in Finland ; Inga Jasinskaja-Lahti
Dictionary of literary biography. Vol. 205, Russian literature in the age of Pushkin and Gogol : poetry and drama
Geroj našego vremeni = A hero of our time
12 stuljev = The twelve chairs
THE CAPTAIN'S DAUGHTER
Russians as the new minority : ethnicity and nationalism in the Soviet successor states
Stability and instability in language : contemporary changes in "Finland's Russian"
THE EARLY STORIES 1883-88
We fall and rise : Russian-language newspapers in New York City, 1889-1914
The Oxford Chekhov . Volume  7 : stories 1893 - 1895
