http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11610 tactile sense
tactile sense sense of touch
"Johns Hopkins neuroscientist and bestselling author of The Compass of Pleasure, David J. Linden presents an engaging and fascinating examination of how the interface between our sense of touch and our emotional responses affects our social interactions as well as our general health and development. Accessible in its wit and clarity, Touch explores scientific advances in the understanding of touch that help explain our sense of self and our experience of the world. From skin to nerves to brain, the organization of the body's touch circuits powerfully influences our lives--affecting everything from consumer choice to sexual intercourse, tool use to the origins of language, chronic pain to healing. Interpersonal touch is crucial to social bonding and individual development. Linden lucidly explains how sensory and emotional context work together to distinguish between perceptions of what feels good and what feels bad. Linking biology and behavioral science, Linden offers an entertaining and enlightening answer to how we feel in every sense of the word"--
Getting a feel for tactile space
Touching and being touched : kinesthesia and empathy in dance and movement
Touch is a fundamental element of dance. The (time) forms and contact zones of touch are means of expression both of self-reflexivity and the interaction of the dancers. Liberties and limits, creative possibilities and taboos of touch convey insights into the 'aisthesis' of the different forms of dance: into their dynamics and communicative structure, as well as into the production and regulation of affects. Touching and Being Touched assembles seventeen interdisciplinary papers focusing on the question of how forms and practices of touch are connected with the evocation of feelings. Are these feelings evoked in different ways in tango, Contact improvisation, European and Japanese contemporary dance? The contributors to this volume (dance, literature, and film scholars as well as philosophers and neuroscientists) provide in-depth discussions of the modes of transfer between touch and being touched. Drawing on the assumptions of various theories of body, emotion, and senses, how can we interpret the processes of tactile touch and of being touched emotionally? Is there a specific spectrum of emotions activated during these processes (within both the spectator and the dancer)? How can the relationship of movement, touch, and emotion be analyzed in relation to kinesthesia and empathy?
Touching and imagining : an introduction to tactile art
Abstract.
The handbook of touch : neuroscience, behavioral, and health perspectives
On touching, Jean-Luc Nancy
Psychology of touch and blindness
The body story : Creative Musical Images Through Touch (CMIT)
Cold smell, white touch and the beautiful braille : a multisensory approach to visual art
Perception and its modalities
The senses of touch : haptics, affects, and technologies
This book is a translated version of her PhD, rewritten to make it accessible for worldwide publication. It documents the 16-years of practical research which underlies these new methods. Haptices and Haptemes is a part of the Social-Haptic Communication philosophy which explores how the humanistic qualities of touch can be applied to different client groups. This includes people who need to develop touch-based communication methods in healthcare and educational settings. It recognises the importance of body language and environmental information in a visual context, allowing greater interactive process between clients and their families in an expanding community.
Touching : the human significance of the skin
The deepest sense : a cultural history of touch
The book of touch
Politics of touch : sense, movement, sovereignty
CT afferents are receptors in mammalian hairy skin that fire action potentials when the skin is touched lightly which makes them particularly important in affective touch. Traditionally neuroscientific research has focused on more discriminative and haptic properties of touch that are mediated by large myelinated afferents and the coding properties and functional organization of unmyelinated CT afferents have been studied much less. The proposed volume will draw together existing knowledge in this nascent field. Separate sections will address (1) how we can measure affective touch, (2) CT structure and physiology, (3) CT processing, (4) the contribution of CTs to sexual behavior, (5) clinical relevance, (6) commercial relevance, and (7) future research considerations.
Touch : the science of hand, heart, and mind
Touch : the foundation of experience
Tactile and vibrotactile sensibility of the human hand : a psychophysical and neurophysiological study
In this groundbreaking work, Erin Manning reconsiders how politics attempt to paralyze the body through the idea of the national body politic. Manning develops a new way to conceive the role of the senses, and of touch in particular. Exploring concepts of violence, gender, sexuality, security, democracy, and identity, she traces the ways in which touch informs the body.
Learning through touch : supporting children with visual impairment and additional difficulties
Silent image : the CityBeat project
Touch : the science of the sense that makes us human
"The New York Times bestselling author examines how our sense of touch and emotion are interconnected   Johns Hopkins neuroscientist and bestselling author of The Compass of Pleasure, David J. Linden presents an engaging and fascinating examination of how the interface between our sense of touch and our emotional responses affects our social interactions as well as our general health and development. Accessible in its wit and clarity, Touch explores scientific advances in the understanding of touch that help explain our sense of self and our experience of the world.  From skin to nerves to brain, the organization of the body's touch circuits powerfully influences our lives-affecting everything from consumer choice to sexual intercourse, tool use to the origins of language, chronic pain to healing. Interpersonal touch is crucial to social bonding and individual development. Linden lucidly explains how sensory and emotional context work together to distinguish between perceptions of what feels good and what feels bad. Linking biology and behavioral science, Linden offers an entertaining and enlightening answer to how we feel in every sense of the word"--
Affective Touch and the Neurophysiology of CT Afferents
Emotional responses to friction-based, vibrotactile, and thermal stimuli
Abstract: Haptices and haptemes : a case study of developmental process in touch-based communication of acquired deafblind people.
Why red doesn't sound like a bell : understanding the feel of consciousness
The senses of touch : haptics, affects and technologies / Mark Paterson
Spatial touch in presenting information with mobile devices
Towards co-dining : haptic experience in tableware, Lumia
Haptices and haptemes : a case study of developmental process in social-haptic communication of acquired deafblind people
Perception as an integral part of the design process
Sensory history
Perception
From the softest caress to the harshest blow, touch lies at the heart of our experience of the world. Now, for the first time, this deepest of senses is the subject of an extensive historical exploration. The Deepest Sense: A Cultural History of Touch fleshes out our understanding of the past with explorations of lived experiences of embodiment from the Middle Ages to modernity. This intimate and sensuous approach to history makes it possible to foreground the tactile foundations of Western culture - the ways in which feelings shaped society. Constance Classen explores a variety of tactile realms including the feel of the medieval city; the tactile appeal of relics; the social histories of pain, pleasure, and affection; the bonds of touch between humans and animals; the strenuous excitement of sports such as wrestling and jousting; and the sensuous attractions of consumer culture. She delves into a range of vital issues, from the uses - and prohibitions - of touch in social interaction to the disciplining of the body by the modern state, from the changing feel of the urban landscape to the technologization of touch in modernity. Through poignant descriptions of the healing power of a medieval king's hand or the grueling conditions of a nineteenth-century prison, we find that history, far from being a dry and lifeless subject, touches us to the quick
The psychology of touch
