http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1162 fossils
fossils
The field guide to prehistoric life
Late Cretaceous mammals and magnetostratigraphy, Big Bend, Texas
Paleobotany : the biology and evolution of fossil plants
Sky high!
The story of fossils : in search of vanished worlds
Rocks, minerals & fossils of the world
Microfossils
Olduvai Gorge. Vol. 4, The skulls, endocasts, and teeth of homo habilis, pts 1-9
Monsters we met : man's battle with prehistoric animals
Neanderthal man : in search of lost genomes
The human story : where we come from and how we evolved
Body mass in Cercopithecidae (Primates, Mammalia) : estimation and scaling in extinct and extant taxa
Your inner fish : the amazing discovery of our 375-million-year-old ancestor
Large mammalian clawed herbivores : a comparative study
Fossils : what they tell us of plants and animals of the past : paleontology
Fish otholiths from the Paleocene (Selandian) of West Greenland
Studies on the marine Pleistocene
Patterns and processes in the history of life : report of the Dahlem Workshop on Patterns and Processes in the History of Life, Berlin 1985, June 16-21
Digging for dinosaurs
Toby and the ice giants
Atlas of fossil diatoms from Japanese diatomite deposits
Fossils : a photographic field guide
The origin of our species
A late cretaceous dinosaurus & reptile assemblage from South Carolina, USA
A new look at the dinosaurs
Late Permian terrestrial vertebrates, U.S.A. and U.S.S.R.
National Geographic prehistoric mammals
The Pleistocene of Ceylon
Microfossils from the Precambrian Muhos formation in Western Finland
The Downtonian and Devonian vertebrates of Spitsbergen
On Methuselah's trail : living fossils and the great extinctions
A microfossil and sedimentation study of the late Precambrian formation of Hailuoto, Finland
From individuals to deep metazoan branches : relationships and delineation of recent and fossil Chrysopetalidae (Annelida)
Non-erycine Booidea from the oligocene and miocene of Europe
Bugs before time : prehistoric insects and their relatives
Evolution of the Plio-Pleistocene African Suidae
Fossils in colour
Additions to the Pleistocene mammal faunas of South Carolina, North Carolina and Georgia
The complete world of human evolution
Sedimentary rocks in the field
The coral thief
Taphonomy : releasing the data locked in the fossil record
Tree-limit landscape evolution at the southern fringe of the Swedish Scandes (Dalarna province) - Holocene and 20th century perspectives
The Carnivora of the Palestine caves
Early ostracode evolution and palaeoenvironmental application in the ordovician of Baltoscandia
The dragon seekers : the discovery of dinosaurs before Darwin
Knowledge encyclopedia dinosaur!
Pliocene mammals from Inchasi, Bolivia : the endemic fauna just before the Great American Interchange
Bioreducer use in blast furnace ironmaking in Finland:techno-economic assessment and CO2 emission reduction potential
Fossils at a glance
Frozen fauna of the mammoth steppe : the story of Blue Babe
The trilobites of the Leptaena Limestone in Dalarne with a discussion of the zoological position and the classification of the Trilobita
Tree-limit and climate evolution at the southern extremity of the Swedish Scandes have been reconstructed for the entire Holocene and for the past century. The main objective was to test the reproducibility of a similar study further north in the Swedish Scandes. The long-term history relies mainly on radiocarbondated megafossil tree remains preserved in peat and mineral soil. The more recent perspective was analysed from age distributions in the most marginal, extant tree populations. Pinus sylvestris (pine) immigrated to the study region already during the Late-Glacial, 10,500 14C yr BP, when it grew in the summit areas of fi rst deglaciated mountains. The pine tree-limit peaked ca. 9200 14C yr BP, followed by a 345 m gradual descent (summer cooling + land uplift) until about a century ago. Presence of tree species assemblages without modern analogs at high elevations during the early-Holocene, Pinus sylvestris (dominant), Betula pubescens ssp. tortuosa, Picea abies, Larix sibirica, Quercus robur and Corylus avellana, strengthens the view of a warm and dry summer climate, although with a different seasonal distribution of incoming radiant energy than today. The longterm natural trend of tree-limit retreat and summer cooling was anomalously broken about a century ago. During the 20th century, the pine tree-limit has shifted 140 m uphill, in congruence with instrumentally recorded summer warming by ca. 1 &ordm;C. In a perspective of the entire Holocene tree-limit chronology, the modern tree-limit rise (and climate warming) is anomalous for the past 4000-7000 years. Except for tree-limit rise, recent warming has contributed to changes in the alpine plant cover, e.g. vanishing snow-bed communities, expansion of deciduous dwarf-shrubs, graminoids, and invasion of exotic and thermophilic plant species. Overall, this study has reproduced processes and patterns previously reported further north in the Scandes.
How to be a dinosaur hunter : your globe-trotting, time-travelling guide
In the sky
Written in stone : the hidden secrets of fossils and the story of life on Earth
Life on a young planet : the first three billion years of evolution on earth
Roś́linność subfosylna na tle historii wysokich torfowisk mszarnych w pó́łnocno-wschodniej i ś́rodkowej Polsce oraz w Sudetach = subfossil vegetation in the light of history of sphagnum raised mires in the north-eastern and central Poland as well as in the Sudety Mountains
The evolution of western Eurasian neogene mammal faunas
Flying dinosaurs : how fearsome reptiles became birds
The glass ocean
Children's dinosaur and prehistoric animal encyclopedia : [a comprehensive look at the prehistoric world with hundreds of superb illustrations]
Atlas of creation. 2
Prehistoric past revealed : the four billion year history of life on earth
Vertebrate taphonomy
Children's encyclopedia : dinosaurs and prehistoric life
Jurassic poop! : What dinosaurs (and others) left behind
Catalog of the Staphylinidae (Insecta: Coleoptera) : 1758 to the end of the second millenium. 6, Staphylinine group (part 3) : Staphylininae: Staphylinini (Quediina, Staphylinina, Tanygnathinina, Xanthopygina), Xantholinini
Quatitative climate reconstructions based on fossil pollen : novel approaches to calibration, validation, and spatial data analysis
Dinosaur bones : and what they tell us
Prehistoric : [the definitive visual history of life on earth]
The universe within : the deep history of human body
A revision of fossil Sequoia and Taxodium in western North America based on the recent discovery of Metasequoia
Extinction event
Atlas of subfossil cladosera from Central and Northern Europe
The illustrated encyclopedia of fossils
Everything you need to know about dinosaurs and other prehistoric creatures
Fossils : the evolution and extinction of species
Evolution : what the fossils say and why it matters
The illustrated guide to rocks & minerals : how to find, identify and collect the world's most fascinating specimens, featuring over 800 stunning photographs and artworks
The Carnivora of the Hagerman local fauna (late Pliocene) of southwestern Idaho
Research on early man in Burma
Oligocene echinoids of North Carolina
The mammalia of the Duchesne river Oligocene
Extinction
A late Triassic footprint fauna from the Culpeper Basin, northern Virginia (U.S.A.)
Palaeoclimate and palaeoceanography of the Skagerrak-Kattegat since the Late Weichselian based on diatom records
The new evolutionary timetable : fossils, genes and the origin of species
Understanding fossils : an introduction to invertebrate palaeontology
Born in Africa : the quest for the origins of human life
The Oligocene rodents of North America
Rocks & fossils
Palaeobiogeography of marine fossil invertebrates : concepts and methods
Prehistoric monsters!
First dinosaur encyclopedia
The Juntura Basin : studies in earth history and paleoecology
Dinosaurs : a children's encyclopedia
The ape in the tree : an intellectual and natural history of Proconsul
A history of life in 100 fossils
Late Miocene flora of Vegora Macedonia N. Greece
Common fossil plants of western North America
Ornithologie : Katalog
The magic fossil
Localities, distribution and stratigraphical context of the Late Devonian tetrapods of East Greenland
The earth : rocks, minerals, and fossils
Human adaptation in the Asian palaeolithic : hominid dispersal and behaviour during the late quaternary
A new diadectid (Diadectomorpha), Orobates pabsti, from the Early Permian of central Germany
Origin and evolution of the Elephantidae
The griffin and the dinosaur : how Adrienne Mayor discovered a fascinating link between myth and science
Resembling a paleontologist's sketchbook filled with labeled watercolor drawings and descriptive notes, Dinosaur Bones is an accurate reference to 40 dinosaurs, marine reptiles, flying reptiles and prehistoric mammals. / WorldCat.
An unusual newly discovered archosaur from the Upper Triassic of Virginia, U.S.A
Some extinct elephants, their relatives and the two living species
Bryozoans from the Lower Permian Vøringen Member (Kapp Starostin Formation), Spitsbergen, Svalbard
What can we learn from the genes of our closest evolutionary relatives? Beginning with the study of DNA in Egyptian mummies in the early 1980s and culminating in his sequencing of the Neanderthal genome in 2009.  From Paabo, we learn how Neanderthal genes offer a unique window into the lives of our hominin relatives and may hold the key to unlocking the mystery of why humans survived while Neanderthals went extinct.  Drawing on genetic and fossil clues, Paabo explores what is known about the origin of modern humans and their relationship to the Neanderthals and describes the fierce debate surrounding the nature of the two species' interactions
Triassic fishes from Spitzbergen. P. 2
A Review of the Pleistocene hominoid fauna of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam (excluding Hylobatidae)
Plant fossils : the history of land vegetation
Die Säugetiere aus dem Turolium von Dorn-Dürkheim 1 (Rheinhessen, Deutschland). Teil 1, Carnivora, Proboscidea (Tetralophodontidae), Perissodactyla (Rhinocerotidae, Equidae), Artiodactyla (Suidae)
Fossil history of the panther (Puma concolor) and the cheetah-like cat (Miracinonyx inexpectatus) in Florida
Horrid Henry's dinosaurs : a horrid factbook
On evolution and fossil mammals
The adequacy of the fossil record
My first book of dinosaurs
Acta palaeornithologica : 3. Symposium SAPE : 5. Internationale Senckenberg-Konferenz 22.-26 Juni 1992
Dinosaur mountain : digging into the Jurassic Age
Fossils : [the key to the past]
Ivy and Bean break the fossil record
Monograph of fossil trichoceridae (Diptera) : over 180 million years of evolution
Life : an unauthorised biography : a natural history of the first four thousand million years of life on earth
Tales told by fossils
Philip's guide to fossils
Some mammalian remains from Shih-ehr-ma-ch'eng, Hui-hui-p'u area, Western Kansu
Prehistoric animals
The paleogene mammalian fauna of Santa Rosa, Amazonian Peru
Silurian of the Great Lakes Region. Part 2, Paleontology of the Upper Llandovery Brandon Bridge Formation, Walworth County, Wisconsin
Fossil collector's handbook : finding, identifying, preparing, displaying
Remarkable creatures
The great extinctions : what causes them and how they shape life
Fossils :  a photographic field guide
Prekvartære fossil-lokaliteter i Nord-Norge, Nord-Sverige og Nord-Finland : den vitenskapelige utforskningen 1807-1995 og database = Pre-Quaternary fossil localities in northern Norway, northern Sweden and northern Finland : the scientific investigations 1807-1995 and database
Deception point
Studies on fossil aphids (Homoptera: Aphidoidea) : especially in the Copenhagen collection of fossils in Baltic amber
Discovering prehistory
A compendium of fossil insect families
Fossil elephantoids from the hominid-bearing Awash Group, Middle Awash Valley, Afar Depression, Ethiopia
The history of life
Extinction and phylogeny
Paleobiogeography : [using fossils to study global change, plate tectonics, and evolution]
The phacopid trilobites of the Silurian and Devonian of Czechoslovakia
An illustrated guide to fossils
I wonder why triceratops had horns
Fossil and extant spiders (Araneae)
Rocks & minerals : the definitive visual guide
Fossils : the key to the past
Dirtmeister's nitty gritty planet Earth : all about rocks, minerals, fossils, earthquakes, volcanoes, & even dirt!
Trace fossils : biology, taphonomy and applications
Fossils : the practical guide to paleontology
Pseudopotto martini : new genus and species of extant lorisiform primate
Mammoths, sabertooths, and hominids : 65 million years of mammalian evolution in Europe
The dinosaur hunters : the extraordinary story of the men and women who discovered prehistoric life
The British Carboniferous Producti.. 2
Collins photo guide to fossils
Describes the physical characteristics, habits, and natural environment of various prehistoric insects some of which, including cockroaches, centipedes, and dragonflies, have survived into the present day.
An introduction to plant fossils
Type specimens of fossils in the National Museum Prague. Vol. 1, Trilobita
The complete illustrated guide to minerals, rocks & fossils of the world
