http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11630 church fathers
church fathers
What is the Bible? : the patristic doctrine of scripture
Sacris Erudiri : a journal on the inheritance of late antique and medieval christianity
The lives of the fathers, martyrs and other principal saints. Vol. IV, [Oct. 15 - Dec. 31]
Auctoritas patrum. [1], Zur Rezeption der Kirchenväter im 15. und 16. Jahrhundert : Contributions on the reception of the church fathers in the 15th and 16th century
The fathers of the Church : a new translation. Vol. 93, Sermons
The lamb's high feast : Melito, Peri Pascha and the quartodeciman Paschal liturgy at Sardis
John Chrysostom and his time. Volume 2, part 2, Constantinople : the later years
In Clement's Biblical Exegesis scholars from six countries explore various facets of Clement of Alexandria's hermeneutical theory and his exegetical practice. Although research on Clement has tended to emphasize his use of philosophical sources, Clement was important not only as a Christian philosopher, but also as a pioneer Christian exegete. His works constitute a crucial link in the tradition of Alexandrian exegesis, but his biblical exegesis has received much less attention than that of Philo or Origen. Topics discussed include how Clement's methods of allegorical interpretation compare with those of Philo, Origen, and pagan exegetes of Homer, and his readings of particular texts such as Proverbs, the Sermon on the Mount, John 1, 1 John, and the Pauline letters.
Maximus the Confessor and his companions : documents from exile
This short biography of John Chrysostom, a priest of Antioch, who became bishop of Constantinople in 398 CE, is written with the intention of introducing to the non-specialist reader John, his life and his times. The insights into Chrysostom's theology, the classical Greek traditions upon which John draws and the ongoing effect of the person and his writings, that the author offers from his own research do much to enrich this brief account. The events of John's life, set in the cultural and social context of the time, are narrated in a vivid style that is easy to read.
Irenaeus of Lyons on baptism and eucharist : selected texts with introduction, translation, and annotation
Bibliography of Ephrem the Syrian
John Chrysostom : bishop, reformer, martyr
Language for God in patristic tradition : wrestling with biblical anthropomorphism
Aphrahat and Judaism : the Christian-Jewish argument in fourth-century Iran
Although Basil of Caesarea was the first to write a discourse on the Holy Spirit, many scholars have since questioned if he fully believed in the Spirit's divinity. Timothy McConnell argues that Basil did regard the Spirit as fully divine and an equal Person of the Trinity. However, Basil refused to use philosophical terminology to make the point, preferring to use what the Spirit himself revealed through divine act and Scripture. Thus, "illumination" becomes the primary paradigm for Basil setting the stage for this study's high relevance for contemporary thought.
Time and sacramentality in Gregory of Nyssa's Contra Eunomium
Alexander l. Abecinba argues that Gregory of Nyssa's dispute with Eunomius of Cyzicus in Contra Eunomium gave birth to a sacramental view of time. "In Chapter 1, Time and Ontology, I show that Gregory sees temporal extension ... as a fundamental property that distinguishes the creature from the Creator. Further, Nyssen conceives of creaturely temporality in a two-fold manner: temporality that applies to sensible creation and a higher temporality that applies to intelligible creation. For Gregory, time not only acts to veil the Creator from the creature. Through a participatory ascent from sensible to intelligible temporality, time also acts as the very means of creaturely communion with God. The veiling and unveiling function of time gives rise to its sacramental character. Chapter 2, Time, Language and Thought, extends the findings of Chapter 1. I argue that, for Nyssen, words pertain to sensible temporality while thought pertains to intelligible temporality. Words and thought, being temporally diastematic in character, veil the Creator from the creature. Nevertheless, for Gregory, the ascent of sensible to intelligible temporality is mirrored in an ascent from the spoken words to silent thought that also unveils the Creator to the creature. Thus, words and thought possess a sacramental character insofar as they are caught up the ascent of sacramental time into union with God. Chapter 3, Time and Christology, discusses topics such as the divine economy, the divine and human nature of Christ, and the kenosis and deification of Christ. I argue that Nyssen sees the Incarnation as the Sacrament, par excellence, of humanity's salvation. In this event the Son's divine nature is veiled in flesh, yet is visible in that same flesh to those who have "clear vision." This unique event in history, in which the human nature of the Son is properly deified, provides the basis for creaturely temporal ascent into the life of God. Creaturely temporal existence is sacramental, inasmuch as it shares in the unique Christological Sacrament by analogy. In the Epilogue I allow the findings of Chapters 1 to 3 to shed light on Greogory's understanding of the sacraments of baptism and eucharist. I argue that Gregory's defense of pro-Nicene sacramental practices, over against Eunomius of Cyzicus, depends upon his sacramental view of time."
Works on the Spirit : Athanasius and Didymus : Athanasius's letters to Serapion on the Holy Spirit and Didymus's On the Holy Spirit
The SCM Press A-Z of Origen
The way of the Fathers : exploring the patristic mind
The life of the Virgin
The Syriac writers of Qatar in the seventh century
Traditio Patrum. I, Scriptores Hispaniae
The relevance of the Church Fathers for today : an Eastern Orthodox perspective
The fathers of the Church : a new translation. Vol. 100, On illustrious men
Visions of God and ideas on deification in patristic thought
St. Irenaeus of Lyons Against the heresies. Vol. 1, book 1
Asceticism and anthropology in Irenaeus and Clement
An overview of the state of Patristic studies world-wide, in the twenty-first century: its relevance and contribution to the fields of religious culture, traditions, literature, art, archaeology and theology. To mark the fiftieth anniversary of its inception, the International Association of Patristic Studies, in collaboration with the Center for the Study of Christianity in the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, convened an international conference in Jerusalem on 25th - 27th June, 2013. The theme of the conference was the state of patristic studies in the twenty-first century, focusing on the implications of the various settings and interests of patristic studies for the future of the field.
Substance and illusion in the Christian fathers
Cyprian the Bishop
The lives of the fathers, martyrs and other principal saints. Vol. I, [Jan. 1 - April 30]
The unknown God : negative theology in the Platonic tradition: Plato to Eriugena
Universalism : the prevailing doctrine of the Christian church during its first five hundred years : with authorities and extracts
Twelve leading scholars have collaborated on this unique volume, bringing their biblical and patristic expertise together to show how the first followers of Jesus used their own canonical scriptures to address concerns central to life in the Roman Empire. Sacred Scripture and Secular Struggles offers an overview of how early Christians approached and appropriated biblical texts in addressing wider societal issues of imperial power, slavery, the use of wealth, suicide and other fundamental issues brought about by the convergence of empire and ecclesia.
Origen, spirit and fire : a thematic anthology of his writings
The early Christian world. Volume 2
The use of sacrificial ideas in Greek Christian writers from the New Testament to John Chrysostom
The city of God against the pagans
Augustine of Hippo : the role of the laity in ecclesial reconciliation
Righteousness of one : an evaluation of early patristic soteriology in light of the new perspective on Paul
Bishop lists : formation of apostolic succession of bishops in ecclesiastical crises
Hippolytus between East and West : the commentaries and the provenance of the corpus
Illumination in Basil of Caesarea's doctrine of the Holy Spirit
Ephraem Syrus on the repentance of Nineveh : a metrical homily on the mission of Jonah
The fathers of the Church : a new translation. Vol 125, Commentary on Matthew
Mysterium ecclesiae : images of the Church and its members in Origen
Deified person : a study of deification in relation to person and Christian becoming
Studies in Platonism and patristic thought
Who was the Church Father Hippolytus? The answer to this question has eluded scholars for centuries. His true identity was unknown even to Eusebius, the church historian, in the fourth century and to subsequent writers of the ancient Church. Yet his corpus was largely preserved through the early centuries and influenced numerous theologians and exegetes, including Origen, Ambrose, and Jerome. Using ancient, Byzantine, and modern sources, the present study charts the growth of the Hippolytus question from its inception to the present day. It traces how early speculations led to the formation of various traditions of a prolific and controversial writer. This book is the first thorough analysis of the Hippolytus question in English for over a hundred years. Drawing on leading scholarship of the twentieth century, it untangles millennia of theory and points to the evidence of the Asian roots of the great biblical commentator known as Saint Hippolytus. It suggests that this writer, so influential on the rethinking of western liturgical practice in the twentieth century, is best viewed as a scion of the East. -- Review: ... a significant study ... most insightful. Journal of Ecclesiastical History ... this is a solid piece of scholarship which throws more light on an intractable problem relating to the Church in the first decades of the third century ... the author has opened up new lines of research. The Expository Times An intriguing and potentially significant contribution to the debate. Church Times
The glory of the Lord : a theological aesthetics. Vol. 2, Studies in theological style : clerical styles
Patristics and Catholic social thought : hermeneutical models for a dialogue
The ministry of women in the early church
God's presence : a contemporary recapitulation of early Christianity
Remember the days of old : Orthodox thinking on the patristic heritage
Origeniana octava : Origen and the Alexandrian tradition = Origene e la tradizione alessandrina : papers of the 8th International Origen Congress, Pisa, 27-31 August 2001
The ascent of Christian law : Patristic and Byzantine formulations of a new civilization
A homily on Severus of Antioch
The fathers of the Church : a new translation. Vol. 124, Commentary on the Twelve Prophet, vol. 3
The early Christian fathers : a selection from the writings of the Fathers from St. Clement of Rome to St. Athanasius
Patristic studies in the twenty-first century : proceedings of an international conference to mark the 50th anniversary of the International Association of Patristic Studies
John Chrysostom and his time. Volume 1, part 1, Antioch : the early years
John Chrysostom and his time. Volume 2, part 1, Constantinople : the early years
Patristic hermeneutics : 4th-14th century
John Chrysostom and his time. Volume 1, part 2, Antioch : the later years
The ladder of divine ascent
Beginning to read the fathers
Testimonia patrum : the function of the patristic argument in the theology of Philip Melanchthon
Patristic universalism : an alternative to the traditional view of divine judgment
The influence of the Gospel of Saint Matthew on Christian literature before Saint Irenaeus. Book 3, The Apologists and the Didache
Signs and meanings : world and text in ancient Christianity
The cross in Christian tradition : from Paul to Bonaventure
Ancient Christian commentary on Scripture : New Testament. 2, Mark
Ambrose : church and society in the late Roman world
Jerome : his life, writings and controversies
Augustine of Hippo is considered the most influential theologian in the history of the Church in the West. Augustine developed a sexual ethic that became decisive for later teachings on issues of marriage, reproduction and sexuality. Some of the most significant passages are reproduced here.
Light on the mountain : Greek Patristic and Byzantine homilies on the Transfiguration of the Lord
Cyprian and the Bible : a study in third-century exegesis
CETEDOC library of Christian Latin texts : database for the western Latin tradition. CLCLT-4 : 2000
Clement's biblical exegesis : proceedings of the Second Colloquium of Clement of Alexandria (Olomouc, May 29-31, 2014)
Cyril of Alexandria's trinitarian theology of scripture
Studia patristica. 34, Papers presented at the Thirteenth International Conference on Patristic Studies held in Oxford 1999 : historica, biblica theologica et philosophica
The Psalms in the patristic hermeneutics : patristic interpretation of the four main Messianic Psalms of the great hours of Good Friday
The lives of the fathers, martyrs and other principal saints. Vol. III, [July 26 - Oct. 14]
The philosophical life : biography and the crafting of intellectual identity in late antiquity
The fathers of the Church : a new translation. Vol. 86, Four anti-Pelagian writings : On nature and grace ; On proceedings of Pelagius ; On the predestination of the saints ; On the gift of preservance
The theology of Augustine's Confessions
On fasting and feasts
The path of St. Augustine
The early church at work and worship. Vol. 1, Ministry, ordination, covenant, and canon
Transformed in Christ : christology and the Christian life in John Chrysostom
The patristic understanding of creation : an anthology of writings from the church fathers on creation and design
The ancestral sin
Commentary on the Apocalypse
The philosophy of the church fathers : faith, trinity, incarnation
Augustinian studies
The essential Augustine
The orthodox Christian church through the ages : the advanced Sunday school series for teen-agers
Tertullian against Praxeas
Syriac and Antiochian exegesis and biblical theology for the 3rd millennium
Great books of the Western World. 18, Augustine
Studia patristica. 38, Papers presented at the Thirteenth International Conference on Patristic Studies held in Oxford 1999 : St Augustine and his opponents ; other Latin writers
How to read the church fathers
Theology of social life in Augustine's De civitate Dei
St. Cyril of Alexandria : commentary on the twelve prophets. Vol. 2
Questions and answers
The Holy Fathers
The emergence of monasticism : from the Desert Fathers to the early Middle Ages
The lives of the fathers, martyrs and other principal saints. Vol. V, [Supplementary volume from A.D. 1773]
The heavenly trumpet : John Chrysostom and the art of Pauline interpretation
Apologetics in the Roman Empire : pagans, Jews and Christians
The fathers of the Church : a new translation. Vol. 96, On repentance and almsgiving
The four authentic letters of Ignatius, the martyr
The fathers of the church : mediaeval continuation. Vol. 4, Wisdom's watch upon the hours
Terms for eternity : aiônios and aïdios in classical and Christian texts
Patrology. Vol. 3, The golden age of Greek patristic literature from the Council of Nicaea to the Council of Chalcedon
Sacred scripture and secular struggles
Epiphanius' Alogi and the Johannine controversy : a reassessment of early ecclesial opposition to the Johannine Corpus
Augustine : conversions and confessions
The fathers of the Church : a new translation. Vol. 123, Commentary on the Apocalypse
"This database contains ... virtually the entirety of the volumes published in the Corpus Christianorum both the Series Latina and the Continuatio Mediaeualis, the opera omnia of major authors such as Augustine, Jerome, and Gregory the Great, as well as several works not yet available in the Corpus Christianorum but included in the Corpus Scriptorum Ecclesiasticorum Latinorum of Vienna, the Patrologia Latina, or other collections"--Guide, p. [39].
Mindset, moral choice and sin in the anthropology of John Chrysostom
Rethinking Augustine's early theology : an argument for continuity
The City of God. [Vol. I]
This is a collective work, consisting of about thirty papers focusing on the history of Late Antique and Medieval manuscript transmission of Iberian patristic texts. It opens up a new series entitled Traditio Patrum, focused on the textual transmission of the Early Church Fathers in the Western medieval world. The TraPat series will follow a planned subdivision by geographical area, except for the volume dedicated to the Latin Ante-Nicene Fathers (and those devoted to Latin translations of the Greek Fathers) which will follow a chronological order. The classification system will conform to the Clavis Patrum Latinorum and the Clavis Patrum Graecorum. The goal of this editorial project is twofold: on the one hand to investigate the textual transmission of single authors and works, highlighting specific features and the many aspects that still need further investigation; on the other hand, to make it possible to verify if the textual transmission of Latin patristic texts may obey still identifiable constants, and which they can be (e.g. the literary genre, the personality of the author, a specific historical moment, a field of theological thought etc). In this respect, the geographical area of origin could be an interesting constant to be verified. For the volume dedicated to the Iberian Fathers, it seems to be possible to pinpoint some characteristic features, most notably the tendency to pseudoepigraphy and pseudo-attribution by the manuscript tradition. Each of these features creates a framework for further methodological reflections.
Reading the Gospels with the early church : a guide
In 2011, Frances Young delivered the Bampton Lectures in Oxford to great acclaim. She offered a systematic theology with contemporary coherence, by engaging in conversation with the fathers of the church -- those who laid down the parameters of Christian theology and enshrined key concepts in the creeds -- and exploring how their teachings can be applied today, despite the differences in our intellectual and ecclesial environments. This book results from a thorough rewriting of those lectures in which Young explores the key topics of Christian doctrine in a way that is neither simply dogmatic nor simply historical. She addresses the congruence of head and heart, through academic and spiritual engagement with God's gracious accommodation to human limitations. Christianity and biblical interpretation are discussed in depth, and the book covers key topics including Creation, anthropology, Christology, soteriology, spirituality, ecclesiology and Mariology, making it invaluable to those studying historical and constructive theology.
The fathers of the Church : a new translation. Vol 126, Correspondence on Christology and grace
Arche : a collection of patristic studies
On the two ways : life or death, light or darkness : foundational texts in the tradition
Fathers and heretics : six studies in dogmatic faith with prologue and epilogue : being the Bampton lectures for 1940
John of Damascus : new studies on his life and works
On the tree of the cross : Georges Florovsky and the patristic doctrine of atonement
Human nature in Gregory of Nyssa : philosophical background and theological significance
The confessions of St. Augustine : Books I-IX (selections)
Eusebius' ecclesiastical history : complete and unabridged
Evil, freedom and the road to perfection in Clement of Alexandria
Hermeneutical procedure and theological method in Origen's exegesis
The fathers of the Church : a new translation. Vol. 120, Apology for Origen ; with the letter of Rufinus: On the falsification of the books of Origen
A guide to St. Symeon the New Theologian
Augustine and his critics : essays in honour of Gerald Bonner
Sinners by nature or sinners by choice are the traditional positions of Western and (Near) Eastern branches of the Church. John Chrysostom, an early fifth century Bishop of Constantinople, took the latter position. Having gained a basic anthropology from his training in the Greek paideia, he understood the mindset to be the centre of responsibility of the person. Then the person with a renewed mindset sets about shaping it to be conformed to the image of Christ.
Alexandrian Christianity : selected translations of Clement and Origen with introductions and notes
Studia Patristica. Vol. LXXIV, Including papers presented at the Fifth British Patristics Conference, London, 13-15 September 2014
On difficulties in the church fathers : The ambigua. Vol. 2
God's many-splendored image : theological anthropology for Christian formation
St. Augustine on marriage and sexuality
Commentary on the Epistle to the Romans : Books 1-5
The Arabic life of Severus of Antioch attributed to Athanasius of Antioch. 4
A celebration of living theology : a festschrift in honour of Andrew Louth
Aspects of everyday life and homely speech in the works of the church fathers
Augustine and the limits of politics
Iustini Martyris Dialogus cum Tryphone
The concept of time in Origen
The fathers of the Church : a new translation. Vol. 117, Commentary on Matthew
Evidence of Greek philosophical concepts in the writings of Ephrem the Syrian
The Cappadocians
Greek patristic and eastern orthodox interpretations of Romans
The Westminster handbook to Origen
Early church fathers European edition
Prayer of the publican : justification in the Desert Fathers
On the Holy Spirit
Christianity in late antiquity, 300-450 C.E. : a reader
The early Christian fathers : a selection from the writings of the fathers from St. Clement of Rome to St. Athanasius
Scriptural interpretation in the Fathers : letter and spirit
On difficulties in the church fathers : The ambigua. Vol. 1
Homilies on Numbers
Gnosis : an introduction
Suffering and evil in early Christian thought
In this work T. Scott Manor provides a new perspective on a common view, known as the 'Johannine Controversy', which maintains that the early church once tried to jettison the Gospel and Apocalypse of John as heretical forgeries. Primary evidence comes from Epiphanius of Salamis, who mentions a heretical group with such views, the Alogi. This along with with other evidence from sources including Irenaeus, Hippolytus, Origen, Eusebius, Photius, Dionysius bar Salibi, Ebed-Jesu and others has led to the conclusion that a certain Gaius of Rome led the Alogi in this anti-Johannine campaign. By carefully examining Epiphanius' account in relation to these other sources, Manor arrives at very different conclusions that question whether any such controversy ever existed at all.
Studia Patristica. Vol. LXXII, Including papers presented at the Fourth British Patristics Conference, at the University of Exeter, 5-7-September 2012
The unity of Christ : continuity and conflict in patristic tradition
Biblical interpretation in the early Church : an historical introduction to patristic exegesis
Jacob of Sarug's homily on the creation of Adam and the resurrection of the dead
The Johannine paraclete in the Church Fathers : a study in the history of exegesis
The Pastoral care
The Bible and the church fathers : the liturgical context of patristic exegesis
The Apostolic Fathers : an introduction
New covenant, new community : the significance of biblical and patristic covenant theology for current understanding
Adversus Praxean liber : Treatise against Praxeas
St. Cyril of Alexandria : commentary on the twelve prophets. Vol. 1
The Catechetical oration of St. Gregory of Nyssa
Cyril of Alexandria
The Christian mystery : from pagan myth to Christian mysticism
St. Irenaeus of Lyons Against the heresies. Book 2
The lives of the fathers, martyrs and other principal saints. Vol. II, [May 1 - July 25]
Selected writings
The theological anthropology of Eustathius of Antioch
St. Irenaeus of Lyons Against the heresies. Book 3
Perichoresis and personhood : God, Christ, and salvation in John of Damascus
The early church at work and worship. Vol. 2, Catechesis, baptism, eschatology, and martyrdom
Become like the angels : Origen's doctrine of the soul
Studia patristica. 36, Papers presented at the Thirteenth International Conference on Patristic Studies held in Oxford 1999 : Critica et philologica ; Nachleben ; First two centuries ; Tertullian to Arnobius ; Egypt before Nicaea , Athanasius and his opponents
St. Gregory of Nazianzus : poems on scripture
Studia patristica. 37, Papers presented at the Thirteenth International Conference on Patristic Studies held in Oxford 1999 : Cappadocian writers ; Other Greek Writers
Patrology. Vol. 4, The golden age of Latin patristic literature from the Council of Nicaea to the Council of Chalcedon
The reading and preaching of the scriptures in the worship of the Christian church. Vol. 2, The ancient church
The spirit of Augustine's early theology : contextualizing Augustine's pneumatology
Augustine's invention of the inner self : the legacy of a Christian platonist
Origeniana undecima : Origen and Origenism in the history of Western thought
An Interpretation of the divine liturgy based on actual events and experiences of holy priests, monks and lay people
The irrational Augustine
