http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11678 nihilism
nihilism
"Since Nietzsche's appropriation of the term in his later work, the concept of nihilism has played a decisive role in the thinking of both modernity and postmodernity. This book charts the deployment of that concept by some of the most influential philosophers and literary theorists of the modern period, including Heidegger, Adorno, Blanchot, Derrida, Agamben, Vattimo, and Badiou. Focusing in particular on the ways in which each of these deployments involves both a countering redetermination of nihilism and a privileging of a certain concept of the literary for what is taken to be its power of resistance to it, Weller proposes neither a critique nor a revalorization of nihilism; rather, he explores through an historical, conceptual, and philological analysis the various ways in which nihilism, as what Nietzsche terms the 'uncanniest of all guests', returns to haunt the thought of those who would counter it."--BOOK JACKET.
Who believes in human rights? : reflections on the European Convention
Religion and nothingness
The body's recollection of being : phenomenological psychology and the deconstruction of nihilism
Dialogue with Nietzsche
The will to power : selections from the notebooks of the 1880s
Education in an age of nihilism
A meditation on the possibility of fighting off the exhaustion of our contemporary age of communicative and connective excess. In a contemporary landscape of communicative and connective excess, for many, a truly novel contemporary exhaustion exacerbated by our relation to the post-digital terrain is ever-present. The Brazilian philosopher and schizoanalyst, Peter Pal Pelbart pushes the vital question of our nihililstic age to the limits: how can one learn to be left alone, live alone and perhaps, by way of a Deleuzian "absolute solitude" conjure a vitality for living again, and indeed, finding something truly "worthy of saying." Through various poetic meanderings, meditations, and building the works of Blanchot, Musil, Guattari, and Deligny among others, Pelbart reestablishes the possibility of fighting off the exhaustion of our current state of affairs. For Pelbart, we must chart the cartography of exhaustion as if it were a sort of molecular symptomology.
The end of modernity : nihilism and hermeneutics in post-modern culture
The specter of the absurd : sources and criticisms of modern nihilism
Thus spoke Zarathustra
Nietzsche : disciple of Dionysus
The ways of naysaying : no, not, nothing, and nonbeing
Modern homelessness, the political and art in light of machination : revisiting the question of nihilism
Nihilism : a philosophy based on nothingness and eternity
Let it come down : with a preface by the author
Cartography of exhaustion : nihilism inside out
The tree of gnosis : gnostic mythology from early Christianity to modern nihilism
The banalization of nihilism : twentieth-century responses to meaninglessness
The adventure of difference : philosophy after Nietzsche and Heidegger
Alfred Jarry : nihilism and the theater of the absurd
Martin Heidegger : critical assessments
Shows about nothing : nihilism in popular culture from the Exorcist to Seinfeld
Morality and modernity
Philosophy in a meaningless life : a system of nihilism, consciousness and reality
Nihilism and culture
Nihilism and the sublime postmodern : the (hi)story of a difficult relationship from romanticism to postmodernism
The lesser evil : political ethics in an age of terror
Names of Nihil
Creation out of nothing
Nietzsche : his philosophy of contradictions and the contradictions of his philosophy
Nietzsche & nihilism : exploring a revolutionary conception of philosophical conceptuality
Narcissism, nihilism, simplicity and self
For more than thirty years, The Universe Next Door has set the standard for a clear, readable introduction to worldviews. In this new fifth edition James Sire offers additional student-friendly features to his concise, easily understood introductions to theism, deism, naturalism, Marxism, nihilism, existentialism, Eastern monism, New Age philosophy and postmodernism. Included in this expanded format are a new chapter on Islam and informative sidebars throughout. The book continues to build on Sire's refined definition of worldviews from the fourth edition and includes other updates as well, keeping this standard text fresh and useful. In a world of ever-increasing diversity, The Universe Next Door offers a unique resource for understanding the variety of worldviews that compete with Christianity for the allegiance of minds and hearts. - Publisher
The end of modernity : nihilism and hermeneutics in postmodern culture
Martin Heidegger and European nihilism
Nihilism now! : monsters of energy
Dialectic of nihilism : post-structuralism and law
Waiting for Godot in Sarajevo : theological reflections on nihilism, tragedy and apocalypse
Return to good and evil : Flannery O'Connor's response to nihilism
"Explores how 20th-century literature gives narrative form to nothing and why nothing is essential to the creation of being, narrative, and other systems of meaning-making"--
The Will to Power contains some of Nietzsche's most fascinating and combative writings on nihilism, metaphysics and the future of Europe. Assembled by Nietzsche's sister after his death, The Will to Power is a collection of the philosopher's reflections and theories taken from his unpublished notebooks. Covering topics such as nihilism, Christianity, morality and the famous 'will to power', the book was controversially presented as Nietzsche's all-but-completed magnum opus containing his philosophical system. Including some of his most interesting metaphysical and epistemological thoughts, as well as some of his most disturbing ethical and political comments, the book would prove to have a significant influence on Nietzsche's contentious reception in the twentieth century.
The experience of nothingness
The world as a playground of self-builders
Spatial structures in Conrad's universe : the tension between opening and closing as a literary device
The question concerning technology and other essays
A genealogy of nihilism : philosophies of nothing and the difference of theology
Nihilism : the root of the revolution of the modern age
The predicament of postmodern theology : radical orthodoxy or nihilist textualism?
Introductions to Nietzsche / edited by Robert B. Pippin
Narratives of nothing in 20th-century literature
Revolutionists in London : a study of five unorthodox socialists
"The concept of nothing has been an enduring concern of the 20th century. As Martin Heidegger and Jean-Paul Sartre each positioned nothing as inseparable from the human condition, essential to the creation or operation of human existence,as Jacques Derrida demonstrated how all structures are built upon a nothing within the structure, and as mathematicians argued that zero - the number that is also not a number - allows for the creation of our modern mathematical system, Narrative of Nothing in 20th-Century Literature suggests that nothing itself enables the act of narration. Focusing on the literary works of Vladimir Nabokov, Samuel Beckett, and Victor Pelevin, Meghan Vicks traces how and why these writers give narrative form to nothing, demonstrating that nothing is essential to the creation of narrative-how our perceptions are conditioned, how we make meaning (or madness) out of the stuff of our existence, how we craft our knowable selves, or how we exist in language"--
Much of the scholarship on Luce Irigaray has focused exclusively on her psychoanalytic work. The Feminine and Nihilism engages instead in a careful reading of the major philosophical intertexts in Irigaray's Marine Lover of Friedrich Nietzsche. This study is an interpretation of Irigaray's philosophy of sexual difference and seeks to uncover how she enters into an amorous dialogue with the silent ground in Nietzsche's thinking: the material.
An introduction to Nietzsche as political thinker : the perfect nihilist
The thirst for annihilation : Georges Bataille and virulent nihilism : an essay in atheistic religion
All things shining : reading the Western classics to find meaning in a secular age
Brief interviews with hideous men
The winter queen : [an Erast Fandorin mystery]
The rebel
A history of philosophy. Volume 10 : Russian philosophy
The feminine and nihilism : Luce Irigaray with Nietzsche and Heidegger
The nihilist imagination : Dmitrii Pisarev and the cultural origins of Russian radicalism (1860-1868)
The will to power
Literature, philosophy, nihilism : the uncanniest of guests
Nietzsche, aesthetics and modernity
Beyond nihilism : Nietzsche without masks
Tom Stoppard's Arcadia and A. S. Byatt's Possession: a romance : solutions to poststructuralist nihilism
The affirmation of life : Nietzsche on overcoming nihilism
Nihil unbound : enlightenment and extinction
The shortest shadow : Nietzsche's philosophy of the two
The plain sense of things : the fate of religion in the age of normal nihilism
Nihilism : a philosophical essay
Nihilism & emancipation : ethics, politics, and law
The self-overcoming of nihilism
Erotic nihilism in late imperial Russia : the case of Mikhail Artsybashev's Sanin
The nature of morality : an introduction to ethics
Very little... almost nothing : death, philosophy, literature
Nietzsche : an introduction
Nihilism, art, and technology
The opening of vision : nihilism and the postmodern situation
Political leadership & nihilism : a study of Weber & Nietzsche
The political theory of John Gray
The Universe next door : a basic worldview catalog
Giorgio Agamben and post-foundational political ontology
Blue of noon
Nihilism? : a young man's search for meaning
Idealism as modernism : Hegelian variations
Friedrich Nietzsche (1844-1900) is one of the most important philosophers of the last two hundred years, whose writings, both published and unpublished, have had a formative influence on virtually all aspects of modern culture. This volume offers introductory essays on all of Nietzsche's completed works and also his unpublished notebooks. The essays address such topics as his criticism of morality and Christianity, his doctrines of the will to power and the eternal recurrence, his perspectivism, his theories of tragedy and nihilism and his thoughts on ancient and modern culture. Written by internationally recognized scholars, they provide the interested reader with an up-to-date and authoritative overview of the thought of this fascinating figure.
Nietzsche's genealogy : nihilism and the will to knowledge
What are we? : a study in personal ontology
Passive nihilism : cultural historiography and the rhetorics of scholarship
The ethics of singularity in an era of complet nihilism
Abstract: Heidegger's clearing : studies on truth and art in the horizon opened by Martin Heidegger.
