http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11600 founding (establishment)
founding (establishment)
Establishing a Multimedia Company in Kenya
Entrepreneurship for dummies
Keeping chickens
Lean startups for social change : the revolutionary path to big impact
Business plan for e-commerce platform in Ethiopia
New business ventures, company formation and the spin-out process
Inventing the cooperative : a handbook
What they don't teach you at Harvard business school
Doing business and investing in Thailand handbook
New venture methodology
Creating a winning business plan
Entrepreneurial capability and new venture formation : a study on entrepreneurs' start-up practices
More than 15 years ago, the staff at Entrepreneur Media introduced bestseller Start Your Own Business. Since its release, Start Your Own Business has sold more than 300,000 copies and has been called &#x0093;the best startup book of all time." At it again, the staff at Entrepreneur delivers a new dose of fundamental startup how-to, backed by 33+ years at the forefront of small business. Write Your Business Plan takes aspiring entrepreneurs past one of the hardest steps of startup second to committing to their business goal &#x0097; defining how to achieve it. Each chapter is devoted to analyzing, explaining.
Starting from scratch : secrets from 21 ordinary people who made the entrepreneurial leap
Establishing a tea shop successfully in Varkaus
Choosing one's way: a co-star or a lonestar? : longitudinal study on the entrepreneurial processes of franchisees and self-employed persons in stand-alone businesses
Be your own business! : the defective guide to entrepreneurial success
Business in action
The objectives of this thesis is to discuss the e-commerce situation in Ethiopia and to make a brief business plan for a new startup online business based on the business plan to implement a web shop in the country. It provides a general overview theoretically and practically how to do online business in Ethiopia. It also discusses the business plan which is used as a springboard to start an online shop. The theoretical part help others as an information about the infrastructures and market situations in the country for the locals and outsiders. The main idea in this business plan is to use the market opportunity available and to fill the gap in the online market. According to the business plan, the company will be able to achieve its objectives. But we also should not forget that ShegerMarket, as a start-up company, may face challenges when penetrating into the market. Despite the challenges, the company has a great potential to achieve the goals and to be productive in the market. The next step for this business plan is the actual implementation of the webshop. The process of developing the web shop will start by doing research on the design and what features it should have. After this, the development work will continue immediately. The business will probably start in autumn 2015.
New venture creation : entrepreneurship for the 21st century
Customer survey research on the demand for an art shop in Varkaus area
Timing options and taxation : essays on the economics of firm creation and tax evasion
Overcoming the challenges facing a small record label in the music industry
The illusion of the prolongation of youth
Getting started with jazz band
Profiting from your music and sound project studio
Rock'n' roll camp for girls : how to start a band, write songs, record an album, and rock out!!
Dream it, do it, live it : 9 easy steps to making things happening for you
Tax and other incentives for start-ups in some European countries
Immigrant entrepreneur firm start-up behavior and reasoning : a reflective study of causation, effectuation and bricolage
Establishing a business in Finland
Implementing a web shop in a small company
Entrepreneurship : back to basics
Working for yourself : an entrepreneur's guide to the basics
Abstract: a study of the founding of the Ming dynasty.
Doing business and investing in Romania guide
Starting a Small Business in Tampere Region in Finland : Business plan
The $100 startup : fire your boss, do what you love and work better to live more
Start a band!
Establishing a start-up e-commerce company in Finland
A manifesto about living life, appreciating enough, and doing what matters. It's most of what fabled entrepreneur Derek Sivers learned in ten years of starting and growing a small business.
Feasibility Study for a Start-Up Enterprise
IT-Business opportunities in Maritime Lapland
Doing business and investing in Turkey guide
The design and building of a business-driven online art retailing shop : an open-source solution based on Zen Cart
Managers of restaurants and other foodservice operations need to know how to cook but do not have to be chefs in order to manage them effectively. Written by Wayne Gisslen, author of the bestselling "Professional Cooking", this book gives managers in the foodservice field the information they need about cooking in order to do their jobs well.
How to break your own heart
The Marketing-Orientated Business Plan for a Company-To-Be, Case: Lauriida
Establishing a successful business : fast-track your opportunities!
Business Plan for Establishing a Café in Alajärvi
Import of fruits from Spain to Finland
Female enterprise development : a case study of  graduate women in Nairobi
Practical Business Establishment in Finland : Case: Vietasia private trader
Are you looking for a great idea or some inspiration to make your business more effective and cutting edge? Do you need to motivate and inspire your employees, shareholders or customers? Do you need to turbocharge your career? Do you want to do things differently?
Evolution of project management methods and implementation of new technologies in companies and start-ups to disrupt markets
Establishing a branch of a Finnish company to Belgium, Flanders
Operating Environment and Feasibility of an Ethnic Restaurant in Varkaus
Buying and running a small hotel : the complete guide to setting up and managing your own hotel, guest house or B & B
Abstract. The purpose of this thesis was to compare mainly a representative office with a sub-sidiary in Germany and in Poland. The emphasis is on the boundary conditions, in which situation what operations model would be the best to use, and when is it a time to move from a distributor into establishing a company abroad. This study has been conducted for a case company's needs regarding establishing a new business form in Germany and in Poland. The study was carried out by first explaining in the theoretical part the different op-eration forms, followed by analyzing the political, economical, social, technological, legal and environmental factors of Germany and Poland. A qualitative research method was used in the study. In empirical part the results of semistructured interviews are revealed. The questions were sent to the interviewees before the interview which was done via telephone. This was done in order for them to get familiar with the questions. The research results of PESTLE -analyses revealed both Germany and Poland to be excellent locations for establishing a new business form. Germany has good connections to other European countries; in addition, the excellent port connections create good transportation possibilities to countries outside of the Europe. Also because of the strong economy of Germany it has appealed foreign investors. Poland has also good connections to countries and due to its growing economy and reasonable low costs it offers an interesting location for foreign investors. The outcomes of the results of the interviews are revealed and recommendations are given at the end of this thesis.
Establishing and doing business in Quebec
Herzl : Theodore Herzl and the foundation of the Jewish State
Graphic design business : entrepreneur's step-by-step startup guide
Establishing a business in Finland : an introduction for foreign-born residents
Offers readers a how-to guide for harnessing the power of exponential technologies, moonshot thinking, and crowd-powered tools to create wealth while also positively impacting the lives of billions.
Business Plan for Establishing a Chinese Café in Finland  : case: Voikukka Café
Childlessness and the skewed regional sex ratios in Finland
Business plan for a fashion brand : case: MW Oy
The great mid-life career switch : 15 important tips to help you change careers at half-time
Doing business with China
The purpose of this thesis is to explore the hotel supply and the appeal of the area of Docklands on the subject of the potential hotel development in near future as well as to give the basic information for a Finnish company con-sidering establishment of new business to London Docklands.   Special concentration shall be on the every hotel market's generating hotel room demand created by the occupied office space in the area and on changes of the hotel supply now and in near future as well as the impact of these possible changes on over-or undersupply situation within the sector.  To find out the area's bearing capacity and daily corporate room night demand the study of Pannell Kerr Forster, Docklands East London; 'Review of hotel development opportunities in the London Boroughs of Tower Ham-lets and Newham, October 2000' has been explored thoroughly and its in-formation about hotel supply and demand calculations have been used as a standard of comparison for current situation.
She means business : turn your ideas into reality and become a wildly successful entrepreneur
Business idea into reality : case : start-up company of gala dresses
Disciplined entrepreneurship : 24 steps to a successful startup
Anything you want : 40 lessons for a new kind of entrepreneur
Establishing a new business form abroad
The new restaurant entrepreneur : an inside look at restaurant deal-making and other tales from the culinary trenches
The prisoner of heaven
Start your own software company : a step-by-step guide to setting up a computer software business
Economic evaluation of a warehouse investment in central europe : case study at Nokian Heavy Tyres Ltd.
Starting a restaurant business in Saint-Petersburg - Guide for Finnish entrepreneurs
Disrupted : ludicrous misadventures into the tech start-up bubble
Corporations and community law : from the right of establishment to substantive harmonisation
The first steps for starting global businesses in Finland - From idea until the business plan : Project: Barisma – The worldwide website for bars, nightclubs and cafes
Be your own boss : How to set up a successful small business
A catering business of your own : how to start and run a successful restaurant or cafe
This thesis topic was chosen because of the gap of research conducted in the field of Intercultural Intelligence in the Start-Up of a Life-Sciences Institute. Intercultural Intelligence itself is not a new field of study though it has many other names such as Intercultural competence. The author, coming from Northern Europe, a very direct and open culture uses an Indonesian Life-Sciences Institute as a case company where management comes from both Western and Asian cultures and observes the implications of such combination. This papers purpose is to give an answer to what is intercultural intelligence in the start up of a life sciences institute. The research was interested of the role of intercultural intelligence in leading life-sciences start-ups and that also became the primary research question. It takes a look into what is leadership, inter- and intra-culture, what are life-sciences and how they differ from medical studies and what is start-up and how to combine the theory into practice. Methodology used in this paper was conveyed by interviews, research by journal articles and observation in the case The case company Indonesia International Institute for Life-Sciences was founded 12.09.2012 with close collaboration with Karolinska Institutet in Sweden. Indonesia is a developing country where the culture differs a lot from Sweden and the Scandinavian region and in order to form a strong relationship between the institutions many factors need to be taken into consideration. Indonesia Institute for Life-Sciences is founded by an Indonesian company called Kalbe Corporation The findings of this paper were that Intercultural Intelligence is a very important part to take into consideration when dealing with different cultures and some cultures are more sensitive than the others. In order to secure smooth collaboration home and host country members have to be aware of the possibility of conflicts in order to be ableto avoid them and make the most out of the collaboration. This paper serves people in the Life-Sciences field who are in touch with intercultural issues and work with newly founded projects. In depth research is needed since the scope and time restrictions of this research were present and further studies are required.
E-business st@rt-up : the complete guide to launching your Internet and digital enterprise
Russian commercial law : establishment and management of companies
Do cool sh*t : (Quit your day job, start your own business, and live happily ever after)
Starting up your professional service enterprise : self-assessment work book : 31 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
New business ventures and the entrepreneur
Running a bar for dummies, 2nd edition
How to open and run a successful restaurant
An Idea A Day : 365 great business ideas for each day of the year
In good company : the essential business start-up guide for women
What business should I start? : 7 steps to discovering the ideal business for you / Rhonda Abrams, Paul Barrow
Setting up an import business : focus on importing from China
Write your business plan : get your plan in place and your business off the ground
The smart entrepreneur : how to build for a successful business
High tech start up : the complete how-to handbook for creating successful new high tech companies
Business establishment in China : Swedish companies establishment process
BUSINESS PLAN FOR BOKE INSECT RESTAURANT
Installation and operation of a modular bivalve hatchery
Internationalisation Strategies of Born Global Firms : A Case Study of a Dutch Start-up Company
Import-Export Business Plan
How to set up your own small business : answer key guide
Anatomy of a business plan : a step-by-step guide to building a business and securing your company's future
How to found a hostel in Fuengirola, Spain
Postponing births : comparing reasons among women in St Petersburg, Estonia and Finland
ProStart : business idea, development programme. Workbook
How to set up & run a fashion label
How to start a home-based wedding planning business
Starting an online business all-in-one for dummies
Start your own restaurant business and more : pizzeria, coffeehouse, deli, bakery, catering business
Startup communities : building an entrerpreneurial ecosystem in your city
Building product-based software startup companies : analysis of business and product development patterns
The barefoot executive : the ultimate guide to being your own boss and achieving financial freedom
How to start, run and stay in business
How to create your own jewelry line
Business for punks
Bean business basics : the definitive how-to manual for starting & operating a retail specialty coffee business
Bold : how to go big, achieve success, and impact the world
Graphic Design Business : Essentials to Focus Upon When Starting a One-Person Graphic Design Business
How can I become an entrepreneur? : practising business in Finland : information for immigrants
Foreigners Establishing Businesses in Finland
"Change your job to change your life. You no longer need to work nine-to-five in a big company to pay the mortgage, send your kids to school and afford that yearly holiday. You can quit the rat race and start up on your own - and you don't need an MBA or a huge investment to do it. The $100 Startup is your manual to a new way of living. Learn how to: earn as much as you would from a nine-to-five job but on your own terms, when and where you want; achieve that perfect blend of passion and income to make work something you love; take crucial insights from 50 ordinary people who started a business with $100 or less; spend less time working and more time living your life"--Publisher's description.
How to organize and operate a small business
The birth and success of new firms in a changing environment
Entrepreneurship and new value creation : the dynamic of the entrepreneurial process
Young families under stress : outcomes and costs of Home-Start support
Guide : becoming an entrepreneur in Finland
The catalyzing impact of new, technology-based firms in industrial technological renewal. Helena Yli-Renko, Erkko Autio
How to set up a company in Oulu Region 1998
How to buy & run a small hotel : A complete guide to profitable investment and management
Starting your own business: how to plan and create a successful enterprise
Doing business and investing in United Kingdom handbook
ProStart : business idea evaluation and development programme. Workbook
How to prepare a business plan
How to start and run your own restaurant
Guide for establishing a company in Serbia : legal framework, sectoral licenses, procedure
Running a restaurant for dummies
Establishing a business presence in California : BioSolutions INT
"One of the most provocative entrepreneurs of our time, who started Eckō Unltd out of his parents' garage and turned it into a media empire, Marc Eckō reveals his formula for building an authentic brand or business. Marc Eckō began his career by spray-painting t-shirts in the garage of his childhood home in suburban New Jersey. A graffiti artist with no connections and no fashion pedigree, he left the safety net of pharmacy school to start his own company. Armed with only hustle, sweat equity, and creativity, he flipped a $5,000 bag of cash into a global corporation now worth $500 million. Unlabel is a success story, but it's one that shares the bruises, scabs, and gut-wrenching mistakes that every entrepreneur must overcome to succeed. Through his personal prescription for success--the Authenticity Formula--Eckō recounts his many innovations and misadventures in his journey from misfit kid to the CEO. It wasn't a meteoric rise; in fact, it was a rollercoaster that dipped to the edge of bankruptcy and even to national notoriety, but this is an underdog story we can learn from: Ecko's doubling down on the core principles of the brand and his formula for action over talk are all lessons for today's entrepreneurs. Ecko offers a brash message with his inspirational story: embrace pain, take risks, and be yourself. Unlabel demonstrates that, like or not, you are a brand and it's up you to take control of it and create something authentic. Unlabel is a groundbreaking guide to channeling your creativity, finding the courage to defy convention, and summoning the confidence to act and be competitive in any environment"--
The hundred-foot journey
Developing new ventures : the entrepreneurial option
Starting up : archieving success with professional business planning
Doing business and investing in Australia guide
Setting up a business in ... : an international legal survey
Hit the ground running : doing micro business training in South Africa
Unlabel : selling you without selling out
Development of offshore wind power price competitiveness using a new logistics construct
Childbearing and Work-Family Balance among Contemporary Russian Women
The savvy studio owner : a complete guide to setting up and running your own recording studio
How they started digital : how 25 good ideas became spectacular digital businesses
Do more faster : techstars lessons to accelerate your startup
From An  Idea to A Start-up: Barriers and Solutions for Undergraduates as Potential Entrepreneurs in Vaasa
How to write a business plan
Marketing judo : building your business using brains not budget
Establishing a Small Enterprise in Varkaus and Factors behind Success  and Failure of Small Businesses
Determinants of non-farm entrepreneurial intentions in a transitional context
Intercultural intelligence in the start-up of a Life-Sciences Institute
Thinking of buying a restaurant?
How to set up your own small business
The complete idiot's guide to being a successful entrepreneur
Legitimating behaviors and firm emergence : a resource dependence perspective
The complete career makeover
The most successful small business in the world : the ten principles
Business Plan for a New Online Clothing Store
Hardwired
Lloyds TSB small business guide
Go it alone : the secret to building a successful business on your own
Modern luncheonette management : planning - layout - employee training - operation
Guide for a foreigner to start up a business in Kokkola
A feasibility study of an organic and local grocery store in Järvenpää
Start your own business 2011
What is the best way to enter Florida's real estate market in today's economy? : This may serve as a simple guide which offers options for a startup real estate company to enter any real estate market
Bold is a radical how-to guide for using exponential technologies, moonshot thinking, and crowd-powered tools to create extraordinary wealth while also positively impacting the lives of billions. A follow-up to the authors' Abundance (2012).
Starting your own business
Business plan : establishing a Vietnamese lantern company in Finland
Creating a business
Establishing a business : preliminary investigation of establishing a handicrafts enterprise in Turku
The effect of establishment motives in international joint venture partner selection and performance
Starting a successful business
The roadside MBA : real-world lessons for entrepreneurs, start-ups and small businesses
Hotel development in London Docklands and basic information of starting business in Great Britain
Convention setting up a European University Institute
Entrepreneurship and small business
Start your business in 7 days
There are contrasting views on how gender equality affects fertility in contemporary European societies. This article discusses the Russian situation by asking how tensions in the contemporary gender system relate to reproductive decision-making and identity. How do gendered practices and identities influence womens intentions to have children? In depth interview data gathered during the last decade is used to analyze how the two main gender contracts of the professional women and the working mother relate to family planning, child birth, pregnancies, and mothering. Results indicate that while Russian women experience increasing pressure of the double burden and few signs of increasing gender equality in domestic life, the stable identity of Russian mothering contributes to the birth of at least one child. Childbearing does not depend directly on gender roles and division of labor in households. The decision to have a child and care for small children continues to be womens responsibility even as fertility patterns have modernized and gender equality in couple relations is slightly increasing. However, the type of gender contract influences the process of negotiation concerning reproductive matters and the timing of childbirth. .
Abstract. The purpose of this thesis was to examine the possibilities of establishing an import company which imports goods from China to Finland. The main goal was to create an overall picture of how to find a suitable product for importing and how to organize the business operations in practice. The study concentrated on product sourcing, sup-plier sourcing, import practices, and the business plan of the import company.    The research was conducted as a desk research, and it turned out to be a multi-method qualitative research. The chosen research method was deductive research, and the analytical procedure was explanation building. The background of the study, the research problem and the used methods were presented in the research. In addi-tion, a suitable product for importing was examined by studying the development of the product idea, product sourcing and product selection. One part of this study was to examine the ways of finding a suitable supplier from China and how to deal with the supplier. Practical matters of importing, such as different methods of transporting the goods, import clauses and forwarding services were examined as well. The re-search also included a business plan, where such topics as product, market, competi-tion and strategies were analyzed.    During the product sourcing, it was noticed that the small wind turbines could be a potential trend product of the future. There are dozens of wind turbine manufacturers in China, and they were ready to export their products to Finland. However, the fea-sibility of their products to the Finnish conditions remained somewhat ambiguous. Still, the prices of the Chinese manufactures were competitive and the products were suitable to the business idea. It was discovered that the price of the shipment was not an obstacle to competitiveness. The products of the competitors were noticed to be expensive, and pricing and focusing on a target group were chosen to be the competi-tive strengths of the new company in this study. The research came to the conclusion that there are opportunities for this business idea in Finland. In the thesis, the dis-cussed company was named the Firm. The most challenging thing for the Firm is to find a suitable supplier with high-quality products. However, by being cost effective, the Firm can obtain market share from the competitors.    This thesis offers valuable information for anyone who is considering of importing goods from China. The results of this thesis can be used when practicing product sourcing, finding suppliers from China, and preparing a business plan. The thesis also offers practical information about importing practices and expenses of importing.
Using Value Proposition Design and Lean Method to Reduce Risks of Starting a Business : Case: Cuban Art Gallery
Putting democracy to work : a practical guide for starting and managing worker-owned businesses
