http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1161 journalism
journalism
Investigative journalism in China : eight cases in Chinese watchdog journalism
Tell me no lies : investigative journalism and its triumphs
Mapping the magazine : comparative studies in magazine journalism
Day by day : the chronicles of a hard of hearing reporter
Introduction to travel journalism : on the road with serious intent
The art and craft of feature writing : based on the Wall Street Journal guide
Safety of journalists : guidebook
Subediting for journalists
Raising hell : straight talk with investigative journalists
Investigative journalism : context and practice
The SAGE handbook of digital journalism
Journalism as activism : recoding media power
Women and the news
The vanishing newspaper : saving journalism in the information age
Online journalism : principles and practices of news for the Web
The burglar caught by a skeleton and other singular tales from the Victorian press
Images as proof : photographic portrayal of catastrophes in Helsingin Sanomat, 1969-1979
Towards the end of the morning
The chroniclers
Brand journalism
Professional feature writing
Ethics of media
The hunting of the President : the ten-year campaign to destroy Bill and Hillary Clinton
Principles of editing : a comprehensive guide for students and journalists
New directions in journalism research
Sustaining democracy? : journalism and the politics of objectivity
Summary in Estonian.
The reporter's handbook : an investigator's guide to documents and techniques
"Updated with fresh facts, examples and illustrations, along with two new chapters on digital media and blogs this third edition continues to be the authoritative and essential guide to writing engaging and marketable feature stories. Covers everything from finding original ideas and angles to locating expert sources Expanded edition with new chapters on storytelling for digital media and building a story blog Captivating style exemplifies the authors' expert guidance Authors combines academic authority with professional know-how Comprehensive coverage of all the angles, including marketing written work and finding jobs in the publishing industry Essential reading for anyone wishing to become a strong feature writer "--
Seeing things as they are : selected journalism and other writings
Precision journalism : a practical guide
Ethics for journalists
Audience as clicks : Web analytic tools in Finnish online newsrooms
Journalism
Shaking the foundations : 200 years of investigative journalism in America
Emphasising the significance of foreign languages at the centre of war and conflict, this book argues that 'foreignness' and foreign languages are key to our understanding of what happens in war. Through case studies the book traces the role of languages in intelligence, military deployment, soldier/civilian meetings, occupation and peace building.
Investigative journalism in Europe
The imperfectionists
"Few studies have fully examined Asian values in journalism and the related debate in terms of their contexts, evolution, features, limitations, contributions, and implications. Little research has comprehensively looked into the components and origins of Asian values in journalism although their existence have been sporadically investigated. Consequently, the topic has been much mystified. Placed in the theoretical framework of ideological domination and control, the book is designed to demystify the topic by addressing nine questions regarding the above-mentioned areas through documentary research and historical-comparative analysis."--Jacket.
Understanding journalism : a guide to issues
Ethical issues in journalism and the media
Future of the media : sights from the inside
The best American magazine writing 2007
Journalistic standards in nineteenth-century America
Short story writing and free-lance journalism
The big chill : investigative reporting in the current media environment
African Carmen : transnational cinema as an arena for cultural contradictions
Becoming a journalist : journalism education in the Nordic countries
Journalism from A to Z.
Journalism history
The bureaucracy of truth : how communist governments manage the news
Media & culture : an introduction to mass communication
The formation of editing culture and practice in Estonian newspapers 1988-2005
Ten practical tips for environmental reporting
The blogization of journalism : how blogs politicize media and social space in Russia
Global journalism : a survey of the world's mass media
High notes : selected writings
The story of Pitkis-Sport in Satakunnan kansa : content analysis of newspaper articles on a children and youth sports camp
Newspeak in the 21st century
My trade : a short history of British journalism
American journalism : a history: 1690-1960
Objectivity in journalism
Literary journalism in the twentieth century
Using mass communication theory
"In this edition, Meyer's analysis of the correlation between newspaper quality and profitability is updated and applied to recent developments in the newspaper industry. Meyer argues that understanding the relationship between quality and profit is central to sustaining journalistic excellence and preserving journalism's unique social functions." -- Provided by the publisher.
"Brian Case has taken live ammo to an Al Pacino interview, ingested horse tranquillizers with Ian Dury, reluctantly hit the road with the Sex Pistols ('Idiots!') and interviewed Miles Davis in a totally blacked-out room. He is a critically acclaimed novelist and journalist who has written for NME, The Times, Uncut and Time Out among many others. In a series of conversations, Brian offers vivid recollections of some of his most memorable encounters. On the Snap is a thrilling glimpse of a disappering after-midnight world, all delivered with the sharp, speedy insight of a great raconteur."
Sponsored content credibility : an integrative analysis
The ambivalent role of Estonian press in implementation of the Soviet totalitarian project
Sport and the transformation of modern Europe : states, media and markets, 1950-2010
Heroes of empire : five charismatic men and the conquest of Africa
The principles of multimedia journalism : packaging digital news
The mass media : reporting, writing, editing
"In the modern era sport has been an important agent, and symptom, of the political, cultural and commercial pressures for convergence and globalisation. In this fascinating, inter-disciplinary study, leading international scholars explore the making of modern sport in Europe, illuminating sport and its cultural and economic impacts in the context of the supra-state formations and global markets that have re-shaped national and trans-national cultures in the later twentieth century. The book focuses on the emergence and expansion of media markets; high-performance sport's transformation by, and effects upon, Cold War dynamics and relations, and the implications of the Treaty of Rome for an emerging European identity in sport as in other areas (for example, the creation of soccer's governing body in Europe, UEFA, and its club and international competitions). It traces the connections between the forces of ideological division, economic growth, leisure consumption, European integration and the development of European sport, and examines the role of sport in the changing relationship between Europe and the US. Illuminating a key moment in global cultural history, this book is important reading for any student or scholar working in international studies, modern history or sport"
Professional roles of Russian journalists at the end of the 1990s : a case study of St. Petersburg media
The opinionmakers
The nightly news
This important book defines what investigative reporting is and what qualities it requires. Drawing on the experience of many well-known journalists in the field, the author identifies the skills, common factors and special circumstances involved in a wide variety of investigations. It examines how opportunities for investigations can be found and pursued, how informants can be persuaded to yield needed information and how and where this information can be checked. It also stresses the dangers and legal constraints that have to be contended with and shows real life examples such as the Cook Report formula, the Jonathan Aitken investigation and the Birmingham Six story. David Spark, himself a freelance writer of wide experience, examines how opportunities for investigations can be found and pursued, how informants can be persuaded to yield needed information and how and where this information can be checked. He also stresses the dangers and legal constraints that have to be contended with and shows investigators at work in two classic inquiries: * The mysterious weekend spent in Paris by Jonathan Aitken, then Minister of Defence Procurement. * The career of masterspy Kim Philby. Investigative Reporting looks at such fields for inquiry as company frauds (including those of Robert Maxwell), consumer complaints, crime, police malpractice, the intelligence services, local government and corruption in Parliament and in overseas and international bodies. The author believes that the conclusions that emerge from this far-reaching survey are of value not only in investigative journalism, but to practitioners in all branches of reporting.
News cathering and news writing
People like us  : misrepresenting the Middle East
The news media : what makes them tick?
Democracy under attack : how the media distort policy and politics
Strategic management in the media : from theory to practice
Arguments and Cases for the 21st Century explores the major ethical dilemmas facing journalists in the digital age. Engaging with both the theory and practice of journalism ethics, this text explains the key ethical concepts and dilemmas in journalism and provides an international range of examples and case studies, considering traditional and social media from a global perspective. Journalism Ethics offers an introductory philosophical underpinning to ethics that traces the history of the freedom of expression from the time of Greek philosophers like Aristotle, through the French and American revolutions, to modern day. Throughout the book Patching and Hirst examine ethically-challenging issues such as deception, trial by media, dealing with sources and privacy intrusion. They also explore continuing ethical fault lines around accuracy, bias, fairness and objectivity, chequebook journalism, the problems of the foreign correspondent, the conflicts between ethics and the law and between journalists and public relations consultants. Concluding with a step-by-step guide to ethical thinking on the job, this textbook is an invaluable resource for students of journalism, media and communication.
Sports journalism : a multimedia primer
Never has the media been so critically regarded as at the present time. Documenting many areas of debate and dispute between journalists, the media, public organizations and politicians, Wilson identifies why conflicts will continue. Understanding Journalism covers issues that range in topic from government bias and censorship, to animals rights and obscenity. This informative work is a valuable guide to all those involved in journalism and the media. Based on the first hand experience of a journalist, it covers all areas that make journalism controversial in the eye of the general public.
Sport beyond television : the internet, digital media and the rise of networked media sport
"Fashion Writing and Criticism provides students with the tools to critique fashion with skill and style. Explaining the history and theory of criticism, this innovative text demonstrates how the tradition of criticism has developed and how this knowledge can be applied to fashion, enabling students to acquire the methods and proper vocabulary to be active critics themselves. Integrating history and theory, this innovative book explains the development of fashion writing, the theoretical basis on which it sits, and how it might be improved and applied. Through concise snapshot case studies, top international scholars McNeil and Miller analyse fashion excerpts in relation to philosophical ideas and situate them within historical contexts. Case studies include classic examples of fashion writing, such as Diana Vreeland at Harper's Bazaar and Richard Martin on Karl Lagerfeld, as well as contemporary examples such as Suzy Menkes and the blogger Tavi.Accessibly written, Fashion Writing and Criticism enables readers to understand, assess and make value judgments about the fascinating and changeable field of fashion. It is an invaluable text for students and researchers alike, studying fashion, journalism, history and media studies"--
Investigative reporting : a study in technique
Community connectedness : passwords for public journalism : how to create journalism that listens to citizens and reinvigorates public life
Damon Runyan : a life
With The Data Journalism Handbook, you'll explore the potential, limits, and applied use of this new and fascinating field. This handbook has attracted scores of contributors since the European Journalism Centre and the Open Knowledge Foundation launched the project at MozFest 2011. Through a collection of tips and techniques form leading journalists, professors, software developers, and data analysts, you'll learn how data can be wither the source of data journalism or a tool with which the story is told--or both.
"The Routledge Handbook of Chinese Media is a prestigious reference work providing an overview of the study of Chinese media. The editors bring together an interdisciplinary perspective with contributions from an international team of renowned scholars on subjects such as television, journalism and the internet and social media. Locating Chinese media within a regional setting by focusing on 'Greater China', the People's Republic of China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Macau and overseas Chinese communities; the chapters highlight the convergence of media and platforms in the region and emphasise the multi-directional and trans-national character of media and information flows in East Asia"-- Provided by publisher.
New media, old news : journalism & democracy in the digital age
The journalist and the murderer
Journalism and the philosophy of truth : beyond objectivity and balance
Journalism and PR : new media and public relations in the digital age
Boundaries of journalism : professionalism, practices and participation
The ethical journalist : making responsible decisions in the digital age
This book bridges a gap between discussions about truth, human understanding, and epistemology in philosophical circles, and debates about objectivity, bias, and truth in journalism. It examines four major philosophical theories in easy to understand terms while maintaining a critical insight which is fundamental to the contemporary study of journalism. The book aims to move forward the discussion of truth in the news media by dissecting commonly used concepts such as bias, objectivity, balance, fairness, in a philosophically-grounded way, drawing on in depth interviews with journalists to explore how journalists talk about truth.
The public journalism movement in America : evangelists in the newsroom
Journalism for democracy
New media - new norms : transparency in Finnish online journalism
Widows and orphans : a novel
This biography of Damon Runyon looks at the journalist and short story writer who personified the Roaring Twenties. As a reporter he found early success covering Broadway and the Lindbergh kidnapping. As a writer he helped to create and American myth with his stories of gamblers and gangsters.
Handbook of digital politics
The American journalist in the 1990s : U.S. news people at the end of an era
"Dear Yunost..." : the worldview and everyday life in the public letters of Soviet youth, 1964-1982
The student journalist and sports reporting
Letters and letter sequencies in Finnish newspaper text: summary.
Where the truth lies : trust and morality in PR and journalism
Good news, bad news : journalism ethics and the public interest
Digital futures for cultural and media studies
The online journalism handbook : skills to survive and thrive in the digital age
Global Issues, Western Foci: Banal Occidentalism in a Finnish Newspaper
The first casualty : the war correspondent as hero and myth-maker from the Crimea to Kosovo
Computer-assisted reporting
There is no such thing as a free press : and we need one more than ever
Losing the news : the uncertain future of the news that feeds democracy
Latin American journalism
The Greens of Finland in social media: Facebook as a communication forum
Also they have a meaning
NordMedia 2007 : 18th Nordic Concerence on Media and Communication Research, Helsinki, 16-19 August 2007
Creativity and feature writing : how to get hundreds of new ideas every day
Routledge handbook of Chinese media
Making news : the political economy of journalism in Britain and America from the glorious revolution to the Internet
Coloring the news : how crusading for diversity has corrupted American journalism
Demystifying Asian values in journalism
Chinese reportage : the aesthetics of historical experience
A cold and lonely place : a novel
Philosophical issues in journalism
This volume argues that journalism is a more recent invention that hitherto acknowledged, stating that the profession of the journalist and the journalistic discourse are the products of the emergence, during the second half of the 19th century, of a specialized field of discursive production, the journalistic field. The book analyzes the emergence of journalism and examines the development of discursive norms, practices and strategies which are characteristic of this discourse.
The virtuous journalist, an updated view : a study in the ethics of journalism
The editorial age
This book charts the rise and fall of the newspaper as the primary medium for the conveyance of news. The book focuses on two of the most influential media markets in the modern world-Great Britain and the United States between 1688 and 1995. In 1688, Parliament created institutional arrangements that would hasten the rise of the newspaper as the dominant medium for the circulation of news. In 1995, the National Science Foundation commercialized the Internet, encouraging an astonishing proliferation of information on all manner of topics, including the news. Per capita newspaper circulation had been declining for decades, partly due to shifting social norms, and partly due to the rise of broadcast news. The Internet exacerbated this trend, partly because it provided a cheaper news source, and partly because it quickly became a superior vehicle for advertising, a major source of revenue for newspaper publishers for over two-hundred-years. However, only rarely has advertising revenue and direct sales covered costs. Almost never has the demand for news generated the revenue necessary for its supply.
Video journalism for the web : a practical introduction to documentary storytelling
Making news with citizens : public journalism and professional reflexivity in Finnish newspapers
Public journalism and public life : why telling the news is not enough
The magazine world : an introduction to magazine journalism
The magazine from cover to cover : inside a dynamic industry
The data journalism handbook
Practising videojournalism
Languages at war : policies and practices of language contacts in conflict
Fashion writing and criticism : history, theory, practice
Breaking news : mastering the art of disruptive innovation in journalism
Global journalism : survey of international communication
The future of quality news journalism : a cross-continental analysis
Immigration and ethnic diversity in Finnish and Dutch magazines : articulations of subject positions and symbolic communities
Writing for journalists
The journalists who turned the world upside down : voices of another information
Collective intelligence in open journalism : power, knowledge and value
The fourth hand
Interviewing : a guide for professional and free-lance journalists
The mass media : reporting writing editing
Shaping the perspectives of future journalists : JOCID 2007-2015 : journalism for civic involvement, democracy and development
The last decade has seen a transformation of journalism industries and the working lives of our journalists. Do the changes have the same impact everywhere? Do journalists today experience these changes as a pressure or as a possibility? Is something irrevocably lost from journalism with these changes? "Newsworkers" takes a broad range of European countries - North and South, East and West, big and small - comparing in each how journalism as work has been affected by the changes in journalism institutions. The book looks at three pertinent and topical questions: the role of technology in changing journalism work practice; the decline or not of professional values; and whether journalism is becoming more homogenous across national borders. Drawing on extensive and original research, the book provides a comprehensive picture of contemporary European journalism.
Creative careers : paths for aspiring actors, artists, dancers, musicians and writers
Grub Street and the ivory tower : literary journalism and literary scholarship from Fielding to the Internet
The distant present
Silent democracy, noisy media
The invention of journalism
The newspapers handbook
Handbook of mass media ethics
Alternative journalism : Journalism studies: Key texts
Groping for ethics in journalism
Sports journalism : an introduction to reporting and writing
Focus on growth: innovation, the media and public interest
The media in the movies : a catalog of American journalism films 1900-1996
News reporting : science, medicine, and high technology
"High Notes draws from six decades of Talese's work, from his long-form pieces for Esquire to his more autobiographical writings of the eighties and nineties to his twenty-first-century reflections on New York, New Yorkers, and the institution of which he is the longtime chronicler, the New York Times"--
Journalism ethics : arguments and cases for the twenty-first century
Citizen witnessing : revisioning journalism in times of crisis
The news as myth : fact and context in journalism
Verification handbook : an ultimate guideline on digital age sourcing for emergency coverage
Handbook of sports and media
The imperative of freedom : a philosophy of journalistic autonomy
Upgrading course in journalism 1991 in Namibia and Botswana : project report
The Television Handbook is a critical introduction to the practice and theory of television. The book examines the state of television today, explains how television is made and how production is organised, and discusses how critical thinking about programmes and genres can illuminate their meanings. This book also explores how developments in technology and the changing structure of the television industry will lead the medium in new directions. The Television Handbook gives practical advice on many aspects of programme making, from an initial programme idea through to shooting and the post-p.
Rethinking journalism again : societal role and public relevance in a digital age
The author, a Pulitzer Prize winning journalist explores how the epochal changes sweeping the media have eroded the core news that has been the essential food supply of our democracy. At a time of dazzling technological innovation, he says that what stands to be lost is the fact based reporting that serves as a watchdog over government, holds the powerful accountable, and gives citizens what they need. In a tumultuous new media era, with cutthroat competition and panic over profits, the commitment of the traditional news media to serious news is fading. Should we lose a critical mass of this news, our democracy will weaken and possibly even begin to fail. This book is also a call to arms. Despite the current crisis, there are many hopeful signs, and he closes by looking over the horizon and exploring ways the iron core can be preserved.--From publisher description.
Reporting science : the case of aggression
The elements of news writing
Philosophy and journalism
Newsworkers : a comparative European perspective
Computer-assisted reporting : a practical guide
The elements of journalism : what newspeople should know and the public should expect
News : the politics of illusion
The press
The Television Handbook
Human resources policies and journalist recruitment at Capital Women newspaper in Vietnam
Computer-assisted investigative reporting : development and methodology
Journalism and human rights : how demographics drive media coverage
Intimate journalism : the art and craft of reporting everyday life
Journalism in the age of the net : changing society, changing profession
One hundred years of journalism : social aspects of the press
Essential English : for journalists, editors and writers
Open ice : reflections and confessions of a hockey lifer
Examines the campaign to discredit Bill and Hillary Clinton which began in 1989 and almost brought down the president ten years later.
Freedom of information, journalism and libraries
On the snap : three decades of snapshots from the world of jazz, film & crime fiction
Editing the small city daily
Inspiring elite action for a more just society? : media framing of elite social responsibility in an unequal, unconsolidated democracy : a case study from Namibia
Media and left
Flying solo or working together? How are the media professionals managed? : perceptions of heads of PR-agencies and editors-in-chief
Feature and magazine writing : action, angle, and anecdotes
Legacy of wisdom : great thinkers and journalism
The art of news communication : a beginning textbook for classes in news writing
Image ethics : the moral rights of subjects in photographs, film and televsion
Fear and loathing : the strange and terrible saga of Hunter S. Thompson
How do we practice journalism in a digital world, in which the old 'rules' no longer apply? This text offers comprehensive, instructive coverage of the techniques and secrets of being a successful online journalist, both from a theoretical and practical point of view. Reflecting the vitality of the web, it will inspire aspiring journalists to acquire new skills and make sense of a transforming industry.
An introduction to journalism research
Journalism : a very short introduction
Illustrated journalism : a practical manual
The march of time, 1935-1951
Public relations: a brief selective history -- Corporate PR -- Political communications -- How it's done : the Internet as a mechanism for a changed relationship between PR and journalism -- PR elsewhere -- Conclusions and recommendations -- Appendix: List of interviewees (who agreed to be named).
Nordicom review : Journal from the Nordic Information Centre for Media and Communication Research
Truth needs no ally : inside photojournalism
Journalism in Kurdish political culture
