http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11688 environmental plans
environmental plans
The Orange Language School marketing plan for the Russian market
A sociology of educating
Excellence in early childhood education
Curriculum, plans, and processes in instructional design : international perspectives
Lähiympäristön suunnitelma - parannus aluerakennuskohteiden miljööseen? = Planeringen av närområdena - en förbättrad miljö för områdesbebyggda enheter? = Planning the neighbourhood environment - a way to improve area building?
Emerging business opportunities in Africa : market entry, competitive strategy, and the promotion of foreign direct investments
Entrepreneurship : a process perspective
Abstract.
Keskkonnad, projektid, kontseptsioonid : Tallinna kooli arhitektid 1972-1985 = Environment, projects, concepts : architects of the Tallinn school 1972-1985
Developing a local curriculum : using your locality to inspire teaching and learning
Environmental issues in business education curricula at Finnish universities of applied sciences : towards a postmodern curriculum?
Comprehensive Renovation Plan for Water Environment of Lujiabang River : Shanghai, China
The idea of starting my own business has been developing at least for the last two years. The educational area for a future business has been selected based on a Russian language teacher's background and the business knowledge attained during my studies at Haaga-Helia. This thesis was intended to prepare the initial research for the development of a future business idea. The area of the new start up that was researched was Russian language studies and speech therapy for children. The objective of the project was to research the need for this new start up, to define its potential customer groups and to research the competition. The purpose of the research was to propose the most suitable service for potential customers, based on the collected data. The research was implemented by analyzing qualitative data, gathered by means of personal interviews and my own observations. The empirical part was made in December 2013 and January 2014, during which time active research was undertaken and interviews were held. The research resulted in suggesting products for a new start up, which is split into the following three groups: literature lessons for different age groups of young students, Russian language lessons for different age groups and speech therapy lessons. The growth of the Russian-speaking population, potential clients' wishes and the products that competitors offer were all taking into consideration when suggesting these specific services.
European project for environmental education : [a curriculum for European schools]
Affordances of playful learning environment for tutoring playing and learning
Internationalization in teacher education. Vol. 1, Initiatives
Education for the environment : critical curriculum theorising and environmental education
Environmental and sustainability education in early childhood : creating a community of learners
"This book examines the implications of computer-generated learning for curriculum design, epistemology, and pedagogy, exploring the ways these technologies transform the relationship between knowledge and learning, and between teachers and students. It argues that these technologies and practices have the potential to refocus on the human factors that are at the center of the learning process"--
Early childhood education
Practical Business Establishment in Finland : Case: Vietasia private trader
Pre-business plan for bag shop
Mires and man : mire conservation in a densely populated country : the Swiss experience : excursion guide and symposium proceedings of the 5th Field symposium of the international mire conservation group (IMCG) to Switzerland 1992
Energy use and planning in Tanzania : report of the research and training programme on energy, environment and development
A curriculum for the pre-school child : learning to learn
Top class : Finnish school leadership and management
Rethinking pedagogy for a digital age : designing for 21st century learning
Healing the hospital environment : design, management and maintenance of healthcare premises
Bitter milk : women and teaching
Sustainable tourism : a marketing perspective
Closing the achievement gap : using the environment as an integrating context for learning
Waste management plan for Farmari 2005 Agricultural Fair of Finland
National plan for the organization of social welfare and health care services and the administration of environmental protection between 1990 and 1994.
Key issues in sustainable development and learning : a critical review
Small-scale research in primary schools : a reader for learning and professional development
Benchmarking innovative curricula design process over continents
Education in computer generated environments
"Let's All Play provides all-new adventures that support children's social skill development through thoughtful group play, interaction, and conversation. This book also encourages you to reflect on the value of children's play through deep thinking activities"--
Internationalization of a bioenergy company : an introductory entry for Chinese market
Business plan - environmental consulting in Brazil
Market research for a new start up
The role of adolescents' peer groups in the school context
Importance of high-quality customer service : business plan: Restaurant Changel
Outdoor education : methods and strategies
Environmental management during construction phase
Risk assessment and life cycle assessment : environmental strategies, Nordic Workshop, Vedbæk 1999
The handbook of environmental education
Setting a direction for Skanno's marketing planning
St. Petersburg Oil Recovery Training Centre "SPORT" : feasibility study
Evaluating innovation in environmental education
Leicester environment city : learning how to make Local Agenda 21, partnerships and participation deliver
Technology education in practice : Seminar on Technology Education at the University of Oulu/Faculty of Education, University of Luleå /"House of Technology" and Central Ostrobothnia Polytechnic/Ylivieska Campus, May 2-5 2000
A Business Plan of Teahouse in Helsinki, Finland
Earth limited : 50 simple things your business can do to save the planet
Trends and issues in instructional design and technology
Blended practices for teaching young children in inclusive settings
The sustainability curriculum : the challenge for higher education
A marketing plan for business expansion : applied on Normet Corporation in China
Towards science education for sustainable development in developing countries : a study of Ethiopia, Ghana and Nigeria
Local environmental policies and strategies
Business plan for establishing an auto car-washing service in Hanoi, Vietnam
"Education for democracy as a part of education for sustainable development" : sustainable development, culture and education : the Fourth International Journal of Teacher Education and Training Conference, May 31-June 3, 2006 : conference guide
Objective of this thesis was to create a new, interesting restaurant concept in Helsinki. Nowadays customers want to be provided with a new high-class restaurant experience, professional and knowledgeable high quality service, as well as first rate produces. All of these are valuable aspects in order to create long-term customer relations and satisfaction. Another important objective of this business plan was to provide a creative and supportive working environment to the professionals of the trade, whom want to fulfil themselves and enjoy their work. Long-term goal was also to raise the appreciation towards restaurant workers in general.    Theoretical section of this thesis highlights the importance of quality service in the restaurant industry. It takes the reader on a journey explaining in logical order what service actually is, what are the characteristics of good customer server, how those talents can be found, what drives them to provide excellent service and how companies can back up their employees to achieve their full potential. This thesis also summarises what are the positive outcomes of investing time and effort in taking good care of one's employees.     Customer service quality was chosen as the topic since it is something that the author of this thesis feels strongly about and believes that service can make or break a new restaurant. Research of theoretical framework was placed in action in the business plan, which's competitive edge is based on superior customer service quality.    Thesis process provided the author with the possibility to gain deeper knowledge in essential business planning as well as human resources management. Business plan framework used in this thesis made the author to look at entrepreneurism from many different aspects and to consider it as a true possibility to provide living for oneself. Aspects in the theoretical framework enriched the author's cognition on how important carefully planned human resources management is and how many things it affects in the long run. The author hopes that she can put these findings into action one day and provide a supportive and encouraging working environment for restaurant industry professionals.
Waste management in Rustenburg Local Municipality during 2010 FIFA World CupTM : a preliminary waste management plan
Marketing plan for cider in China
Ecopedagogy and ecodidactics : education for sustainable development, good environment and good life
Environmental issues in business education curricula at Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences : towards a postmodern curriculum?
Environmental education in context : an international perspective on the development environmental education
Business model generation : a handbook for visionaries, game changers, and challengers
Awareness into action : environmental education in the primary curriculum
Business plans for dummies
In search of affordances and visual quality : interpreting environments of children aged under three in seven Finnish day-care centres
Temporal habitat dynamics and conservation planning : the case of the false heath fritillary
Environmental education in the schools : creating a program that works!
Children's health and environment: a review of evidence : a joint report from the European Environment Agency and the WHO Regional Office for Europe : experts' corner
Environmental Management Plan for Wärtsilä Power Plants
Marketing plan for a new business venture
Effective early years education : teaching young children
National plan for the organization of social welfare and health care service in 1993-1996
The Business Plan : Organic Farm in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
Key concepts for understanding curriculum. 1, Perspectives
Formulating a feasible business idea in Finland : case: Silta Consultancy Oy
"This book presents the basic business modeling for developing appropriate strategies in exploiting business opportunities in the emerging economy in Africa"--
Marketing communication plan of Bluesworld in the Chinese Market
The Finnish architectural policy
The management of change in Finland's wooden historic urban landscapes : Old Rauma
In the bachelor's thesis a business plan was created to evaluate the profitability of the original business idea for a new environmental consulting company to be established in São Paulo, Brazil. The company will provide practical solutions in environmental issues for small and medium-sized enterprises. Consulting as a business is multi-layered and complex. In the beginning of the bachelor's thesis consulting was viewed as a business form and essential consulting skills and defining a consultancy project were presented. A brief presentation of specific cultural features that need to be taken into consideration was also given. Environmental legislation and its effects on business now and in future were presented with relevant environmental concepts.  In the business plan a detail list of legal requirements for business start-ups was given and an investment calculation was made. From the basis of a business environment description target clients, products, marketing plan and the need for networking were defined. Two environmental evaluation tools were presented for the company to use. In the end of the business plan a risk analysis and growth plan were created. In the research a clear demand for practical environmental solutions for small companies was found, but the risks were also high when entering an unknown market area. A local partner has been confirmed and the company will be established in the beginning of 2011.
Let's all play : a group-learning (un)curriculum
