http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11666 crisis services
crisis services
Civil protection systems in the Baltic Sea region : towards integration in civil protection training
Leaving theatre : war, politics and intelligence on campaign in Afganistan
Commercialising security in Europe : political consequences for peace operations
The sorrows of empire : militarism, secrecy, and the end of the Republic
Intelligence in peace support operations
Madness in international relations : psychology, security, and the global governance of mental health
Practical airport operations, safety, and emergency management : protocols for today and the future
The Finnish security and defence policy 2001 : report by the Council of State to Parliament 13.6.2001
Reinventing social security worldwide : back to essentials
An evaluative description of changes in a comprehensive psychiatric treatment system
Design like you give a damn : architectural responses to humanitarian crisis
Calling for help : language and social interaction in telephone helplines
Private security companies during the Iraq War : military performance and the use of deadly force
Marketing the Dogs of war : a conceptual study of the marketing challenges faced by PMCs
The bear and the dragon
Governing financial services in the European Union : banking, securities and post-trading
Risk assessment and mapping : safety dimensions of spatial and physical planning
The regulation of financial markets
"Madness in International Relations provides an important and innovative account of the role of psychology and psychiatry in global politics, showing how mental health governance has become a means of securing various populations, often with questionable effects.Through the analysis of three key case studies Howell illustrates how such therapeutic interventions can at times be coercive and sovereign, at other times disciplinary, and at still other times benevolent, though not benign. In each case a diagnostic competition is traced, that is, a contestation over how best to diagnose and treat the population in question. The book examines the populations of Guantanamo Bay, post-conflict societies and western militaries, identifying how these diagnostic competitions ultimately rest on shared assumptions about the value of psychology and psychiatry in managing global security, about the value of achieving security through mental health governance, and ultimately about the medicalization of security.This work will be of great interest to all scholars of International relations, critical theory and security studies"--Provided by publisher.
The branding services market in St. Petersburg, Russia
Nobody : casualties of America's war on the vulnerable, from Ferguson to Flint and beyond
Financial services, financial crisis and general European contract law : failure and challenges of contracting
"Admiral James G Stavridis, US Navy, former Supreme Allied Commander Europe. Closely modelled on his NATO experience of war gaming future conflicts, 2017 War With Russia is a chilling account of where we are heading if we fail to recognise the threat posed by the Russian president. Written by the recently retired Deputy Supreme Allied Commander Europe and endorsed by senior military figures, this book shows how war with Russia could erupt with the bloodiest and most appalling consequences if the necessary steps are not taken urgently... "--Publisher description.
Fundamentals of crisis counseling
Introduction to emergency management
Managing market failure and preventing government failure : a study of policy solutions in finance, production and administration of Finnish health care
The regulatory response to the financial crisis
Effectively resolving conflict prevents violence, reduces incidents, improves productivity, and contributes to the overall health of an organization. Unlike the traditionally reactive law enforcement approach to resolving conflict, Conflict Management for Security Professionals provides a proven, reliable, business-focused approach that teaches security personnel to diffuse situations before they escalate when dealing with uncooperative, dangerous, or violent individuals. Covering everything from policies and procedures to security tactics and business impact, Conflict Management for Security Professionals uniquely addresses conflict resolution from a security perspective for managers, policy makers, security officials, or anyone else who interacts with people every day. This book helps organizations create and maintain safe environments without interfering with their ability to remain profitable, competitive, and relevant. Comprehensive and systematic conflict management and resolution program geared specifically for the needs of security managers, supervisors, and officers.Incorporates classroom and field-tested conflict resolution concepts, models, and approaches.Addresses everything from policies and programs to tactics for a wide variety of stakeholders in any private or public organization.
Disaster mental health : around the world and across time
Grief, loss and bereavement : evidence and practice for health and social care practitioners
The managerial state : power, politics and ideology in the remaking of social welfare
Order from chaos : responding to traumatic events
Crisis resolution and home treatment in mental health
Resilient and proactive utilization of opportunities and uncertainties in service business
In this thesis the market of branding services in St. Petersburg is explored in a Business-to-Business context. The study looks into the current situation on the market, which changed significantly because of the global finance crisis. Based on theoretical findings, a qualitative study was conducted by means of interviews with experts, brand managers and brand theorists. The key issues of the questionnaire were: the structure of the branding services market, the market̕s specifics and problems, its main tendencies, and the forecast for the market of branding services in St. Petersburg. The secondary data about branding companies and range of its services was collected via the Internet and analyzed.   The global financial crisis has decreased the demand on branding services. On the other hand, the influence of the crisis is seen as a positive development for the market. The market is expected to improve the quality of providing services. Most importantly, competence in field of branding expected to grow. Russian citizens and enterprises still are not fully aware about benefits of the brand concept. According to research results, St. Petersburg̕ branding services market has a promising future because of its huge potential to grow and develop.
The formation and role of the Kosovo Security Force
The unconscious at work : individual and organizational stress in the human services
Work, family policies and transitions to adulthood in Europe
1990s economic crisis : the research programme of the Academy of Finland, conference 1999
Social policy in challenging times: economic crisis and welfare systems
Behavioral finance during financial crisis in a banking company
Crisis intervention strategies
Emergency mental health services in the community
From recession to renewal : the impact of the financial crisis on public services and local government
Down from the heavens, up from the ashes : the Finnish economic crisis of the 1990s in the light of economic and social research
Social  work in health and mental health : issues, developments and actions
Leadership in the open : a new paradigm in emergency management
Five hundred million children : poverty and child welfare in the third world
The banking collapse and ensuing global financial crisis has been the subject of much analysis and speculation. One growing certainty is that there will be an impact on the delivery of public services and on local government and governance. This topical book examines and debates the challenges posed, on a local, European and global level, by the imperative to balance a fiscal need for smaller public expenditure with a social need for strong governance and protection of the most vulnerable in UK society. Leading academics in the field of local governance contribute to a diverse set of analyses on the impact of the financial crisis.
The summer without men
Caring in crisis : a handbook of intervention skills
Crisis assessment, intervention, and prevention
Hospitality management. Volume III. The management of people and service in hospitality
Hospitality management. Volume IV. Management Hospitality's tangible resources - operations, assets and finance
The devil's derivatives : the untold story of the slick traders and hapless regulators who almost blew up Wall Street
Families in struggle : child mental health and family well-being in Finland during the economic recession of the 1990s : the importance of parenting
A very expensive poison : the definitive story of the murder of Litvinenko and Russia's war with the West
Crisis intervention and time-limited cognitive treatment
2017 war with Russia : an urgent warning from senior military command
Telephonic emergency service - how and by whom, why and for what = Telefonseelsorge - Wie und durch Wen, Warum und Wofür = Le service telephonique d'urgence-pourquoi et pour quoi? / IFOTES Helsinki. Finland 5-9.7.1988
Prior to the onset of the current financial crisis, global trends of social security in industrialised societies were indicating a progressive disengagement from the state in favour of tax-financed measures similar to social assistance - which may fail to ensure a basic standard of living. In this timely book, the author with his lifelong experience of international social security advocates reinstating social insurance by reducing the volume of income redistribution, increasing the transparency of money flows and improving citizen information. Additionally, the book makes the case that in order to preserve social security institutions against any future economic upheavals, adequate financial reserves within the national economy should be available. It will be of interest to a wide audience, including undergraduate and postgraduate students, researchers, lecturers, policy makers, social partners, professionals dealing with social security institutions and civil society groups.
First steps in counselling
Ethics and finance : an introduction
Vade-mecum of civil protection in the European Union : liability
Behavioral health response to disasters
Coping with the psychological consequences  of the tsunami : Finnish Red Cross professionally led peer support project  for the relatives of the deceased : final report
Based on the author's post-doctoral project conducted at the Montesquieu Institute at Maastricht University from 2009-2012. Parts of this book were presented in conferences and workshops in Maastricht (The Netherlands), Oxford (UK), Leuven (Belgium), Herztliya (Israel), Tallinn (Estonia) and Florence (Italy)
Norman street : poverty and politics in an urban neighborhood
The Devil's derivatives : the untold story of the slick traders and hapless regulators who almost blew up Wall Street ... and are ready to do it again
Crisis education and service program designs : a guide for administrators, educators and clinical trainers
The accountability of financial regulators : a European and international perspective
Tourism and well-being : symposium proceedings : the 2nd Tourism Industry and Education Symposium, May 16-18, 2002, Jyväskylä, Finland
Professionally led peer support and coping with the psychological consequences of the tsunami : The Finnish Red Cross psychological peer support work for the relatives of the deceased : interim report
School crisis prevention and intervention
Emergency services leadership : a contemporary approach
Tourism and hospitality marketing : a global perspective
Dirty wars : the world is a battlefield
Conflict management for security professionals
This is NOT a fire drill : crisis intervention and prevention on college campuses
The Great East Japan Earthquake and Tsunami : A photojournalistic account of the first 10 days of the disaster
