http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1163 palaeozoology
palaeozoology
Environmental changes in Fennoscandia during the Late Quaternary
The prehistoric animal ecology and ethnozoology of the Upper Great Lakes region
The ultimate dinosaur book
The Pleistocene of Ceylon
Reports of the Princeton University expeditions to Patagonia, 1896-1899. Vol. 5, Palæontology : mammalia of the Santa Cruz beds : part 1, Edentata, 1. Dasypoda
Fossil history of the panther (Puma concolor) and the cheetah-like cat (Miracinonyx inexpectatus) in Florida
The Mid-Tertiary Ctenodactylidae (Rodentia, Mammalia) of eastern and central Asia
"Every paper was examined by at least two reviewers, and acceptance was based on their recommendations. Papers covered a wide variety of topics, including systematics, anatomy biogeography, and paleoecology. There were two new fossil taxa described in the volume to honor Dave Webb and his contributions to vertebrate paleontology. Most papers centered on Florida and the southeastern United States, although several were based on faunas from the western United States, Central America and South America" -- Pref.
Aspects of theropod paleobiology
Catalogue of late Quaternary vertebrates from Utah
Water striders from the Paleogene of Denmark with a review of the fossil record and evolution of semiaquatic bugs (Hemiptera, Gerromorpha)
The Lower Triassic cephalopod fauna of the Fort Douglas area, Utah
Reports of the Princeton University expeditions to Patagonia, 1896-1899. Vol. 4, Palæontology : part 1, the marine cretaceous invertebrates
Reports of the Princeton University expeditions to Patagonia, 1896-1899. Vol. 5, Palæontology : mammalia of the Santa Cruz beds : part 1, Edentata, 2. Glyptodontia and Gravigrada
Reports of the Princeton University expeditions to Patagonia, 1896-1899. Vol. 7, Palæontology : part 2, Aves of the Santa Cruz beds - part 3, nature and origin of the Santa Cruz fauna : part 2 by William J. Sinclair and Marcus S. Farr, part 3 by William B. Scott
Body size in mammalian paleobiology : Estimation and biological implications
Alvastra pile dwelling : palaeoethnobotanical studies
Studies of evolution in the genus Spirifer
Cephalopods from the Cretaceous/Tertiary boundary interval on the Atlantic Coastal Plain : with a description of the highest ammonite zones in North America. Part 2, Northeastern Monmouth County, New Jersey
Beringia in the Cenozoic era
Bone collection. Dinosaurs and other prehistoric animals
Phylogenetic systematics of the Borophaginae (Carnivora: Canidae)
Reports of the Princeton University expeditions to Patagonia, 1896-1899. Vol. 5, Palæontology : mammalia of the Santa Cruz beds : part 1, Edentata, 3. Gravigrada
Dinosaurs : a children's encyclopedia
The Hiscock Site : Late Pleistocene and Holocene paleoecology and archaeology of western New York State
The history of British birds
Vertebrate taphonomy
Cenozoic vertebrates of the Americas : papers to honor S. David Webb
The emergence of whales : evolutionary patterns in the origin of Cetacea
Freshwater stingrays of the Green River Formation of Wyoming (early Eocene), with the description of a new genus and species and an analysis of its phylogenetic relationships (Chondrichthyes, Myliobatiformes)
The osteology of Rhombomylus (Mammalia, glires): implications for phylogeny and evolution of glires
A new look at the dinosaurs
Redescription of the Paleogene Shelania pascuali from Patagonia and its bearing on the relationships of fossil and Recent pipoid frogs
When fish got feet, sharks got teeth, and bugs began to swarm : a cartoon prehistory of life long before dinosaurs
History of life
Dogs through time : an archaeological perspective : proceedings of the 1st ICAZ Symposium on the History of the Domestic Dog : eighth congress of the International Council for Archaeozoology (ICAZ 98) August 23-29, 1998 Victoria, B. C., Canada
Pleistocene fauna and Holocene humans : a gazetteer of paleontological and early archaeological sites on Cyprus
Reports of the Princeton University expeditions to Patagonia, 1896-1899. Vol. 6, Palæontology : part 2, Toxodonta of the Santa Cruz beds - part 3, Entelonychia of the Santa Cruz beds
After the Ice Age : the return of life to glaciated North America
Ethnobiology at the Millennium : past promise and future prospects
Prehistoric : [the definitive visual history of life on earth]
Archaeozoology of the Near East VI : proceedings of the Sixth International Symposium on the Archaeozoology of Southwestern Asia and Adjacent Areas
Type and referred specimens of fossil invertebrata in the Natural History Musem of Los Angeles County. Suppl. 4, Specimens formely conserved at the University of California, Los Angeles
Fossil spiders : the evolutionary history of a mega-diverse order
Relationships of the fossil and recent genera of rabbitfishes (Acanthuroidei: Siganidae)
The history of British mammals
A guide to the Rudolph F. Zallinger mural The age of mammals in the Peabody Museum of Natural History Yale University
Ostracoda from the Late Permian of Greece (Thaumatocyprididae and Polycopidae)
Reports of the Princeton University expeditions to Patagonia, 1896-1899. Vol. 6, Palæontology : part 1, Typotheria of the Santa Cruz beds
Survivors : the animals and plants that time has left behind
Birds, in contrast to mammals, are thought to have fragile bones, which are difficult to identify when found, so have no useful archaeological record. This book is based on an accumulation of over 9,000 records of species identified from sites in the British Isles, which indicates that the contrary is true. The difficulties of identification are discussed, but 9,000 records is a substantial body of evidence, which is reviewed. The book summarizes the archaeological record of birds in the British Isles, and integrates this factual basis into an overview of the history of the bird fauna in these islands. It tells us much about what native birds we should have, which ones we have lost, and therefore which ones would be worth discussing for reintroduction. Recent discussions suppose that eagle owls are not native, but archaeological evidence suggests they were. White-tailed eagles were widespread up to Saxon times at least, and cranes (not the same as herons) were widespread through to mediaeval times. When did our most common bird arrive? Where from? Which species is it, anyway? And how does the balance of wild, introduced and domestic birds compare with the similar balance of mammals, or with the balance 7,000 years ago, before farming altered the landscape?
Additions to the Pleistocene mammal faunas of South Carolina, North Carolina and Georgia
New superfamily and three new families of Tetraodontiform fishes from the Upper Cretaceous : the earliest and most morphologically primitive Plectognaths
The Palaeobiology of trace fossils
Morphology and relationships of Apternodus and other extinct, zalambdodont, placental mammals
A worldwide revision of the Recent and fossil sand crabs of the Albuneidae Stimpson and Blepharipodidae, new family (Crustacea: Decapoda: Anomura: Hippoidea)
The comparative osteology of European corvids (Aves: Corvidae), with a key to the identification of their skeletal elements
Tributes to Malcolm C. McKenna : his students, his legacy
Taxonomy and evolution of Late Cretaceous lizards (Reptilia: Squamata) from western Canada
Sthenurus (Macropodidae: Marsupialia) from the Pleistocene of Lake Callabonna, South Australia
Chronoclinal variation and sexual dimorphism in Mammut americanum (American mastodon) from the Pleistocene of Florida
Phylogenetic revision of the fish families Luvaridae and Kushlukiidae (Acanthuroidei), with a new genus and two new species of Eocene luvarids
Ambulocetus natans, an Eocene cetacean (Mammalia) from Pakistan
Mammoths : ice age giants
Revision of the ant genus Polyrhachis Smith, 1857 (Hymenoptera: Formicidae: Formicinae) on subgenus level with keys, checklist of species and bibliography
When bugs were big, plants were strange, and tetrapods stalked the earth : a cartoon prehistory of life before dinosaurs
The trilobites of the Leptaena Limestone in Dalarne with a discussion of the zoological position and the classification of the Trilobita
Anatomy and systematics of the Confuciusornithidae (Theropoda: Aves) from the Late Mesozoic of northeastern China
Morphology, phylogenetic taxonomy, and systematics of Ichthyornis and Apatornis (Avialae, Ornithurae)
Reflections on the morphology, anatomy, evolution, and classification of the class Stenolaemata (Bryozoa)
Equids in the ancient world
Myodocopid Ostracoda from the late Permian of Greece and a basic classification for Paleozoic and Mesozoic Myodocopida
African natural history
Systematic revision of fossil prairie dogs with descriptions of two new species
Sea monsters : A prehistoric adventure
New materials of Masiakasaurus knopfleri Sampson, Carrano, and Forster, 2001, and implications for the morphology of the Noasauridae (Theropoda:Ceratosauria)
Animals and people : archaeozoological papers in honour of Ina Plug
Describes the physical characteristics, habits, and natural environment of various prehistoric insects some of which, including cockroaches, centipedes, and dragonflies, have survived into the present day.
Dinosaurs : the textbook
The non-marine molluscs of the Maltese Islands
Paleontology of invertebrates
Reports of the Princeton University expeditions to Patagonia, 1896-1899. Vol. 6, Palæontology : part 4, Astrapotheria of the Santa Cruz beds - part 5, primates of the Santa Cruz beds
Prehistoric animals in the modern world
The ice age tracker's guide
Phylogenetic relationships of Icaronycteris, Archaeonycteris, Hassianycteris, and Palaeochiropteryx to extant bat lineages, with comments on the evolution of echolocation and foraging strategies in Microchiroptera
Advances in quaternary entomology
Mammoths, sabertooths, and hominids : 65 million years of mammalian evolution in Europe
New specimens of the pinnipediform Pteronarctos from the Miocene of Oregon
The paleogene mammalian fauna of Santa Rosa, Amazonian Peru
Contributions in marine mammal paleontology honoring Frank C. Whitmore, Jr
Reports of the Princeton University expeditions to Patagonia, 1896-1899. Vol. 4, Palæontology : part 3, marsupialia of the Santa Cruz beds
The postcranial morphology of Meiolania platyceps and a review of the Meiolaniidae
Early Palaeozoic jawed polychaetes with focus on polychaetaspids and ramphoprionids from the Silurian of Gotland, Sweden
Neogene and quaternary mammals of the Palaearctic : papers in mammal palaeontology honoring Kazimierz Kowalski
Database management and zooarchaeology : proceedings of the Workshop on Data Management of Archaeozoological Assemblages, Amsterdam, May 7-9, 1984
Middle Eocene Ostracoda from northern Somalia
Reports of the Princeton University expeditions to Patagonia, 1896-1899. Vol. 7, Palæontology : part 1, Litopterna of the Santa Cruz beds
A preliminary list of fossil mastodon and mammoth remains in Illinois and Iowa
Reports of the Princeton University expeditions to Patagonia, 1896-1899. Vol. 4, Palæontology : part 2, tertiary invertebrates
The Urus (Bos primigenius Bojanus) and neolithic domesticateted cattle (Bos taurus domesticus Linné) in Denmark : with a revision of Bos-remains from the kitchen middens : zoological and palynological investigations
The age of reptiles
Identification of whitefish remains by mtDNA analysis
Pleistocene birds of the Palearctic : a catalogue
Brachiopods near the Permian-Triassic boundary in South China
Description of the skull of a new form of Phytosaur : with notes on the characters of described North American phytosaurs
A late cretaceous dinosaurus & reptile assemblage from South Carolina, USA
Notes on the anterior dentition and skull of Proterixoides (Mammalia: Insectivora: Dormaaliidae), and a new dormaaliid genus from the Early Uintan (Middle Eocene) of southern California
Early Missisippian blastoids from Western Montana
The Holocene history of the European vertebrate fauna : modern aspects of research : workshop 6th to 9th April 1998, Berlin
Introduction to paleobiology and the fossil record
A new diadectid (Diadectomorpha), Orobates pabsti, from the Early Permian of central Germany
Pectinoid bivalves of the Permian-Triassic crisis
Sea monsters : a prehistoric adventure
Cenozoic mammals of land and sea : tributes to the career of Clayton E. Ray
Reports of the Princeton University expeditions to Patagonia, 1896-1899. Vol. 5, Palæontology : part 2, Insectivora - part 3, Glires
Late Miocene mammals from the Mauvilla local fauna, Alabama
Mammalian paleontology on a global stage : papers in honor of Mary R. Dawson
Frozen fauna of the mammoth steppe : the story of Blue Babe
The complete book of dinosaurs : the ultimate reference to 355 dinosaurus from the Triassic, Jurassic and Cretaceous periods, including more than 900 watercolours, maps, timelines and photographs
Bugs before time : prehistoric insects and their relatives
Bryozoan fauna and microfacies from Middle Devonian reef complex (Western Sahara, Morocco)
The Natural History Museum book of dinosaurs
The interrelationships of the mammalian genera. Volume 3, Ungulata, Cetaceae
The Amphibamidae (Amphibia: Temnospondyli), with a description of a new genus from the Upper Pennsylvanian of Kansas
Experimentation and reconstruction in environmental archaeology : symposia of the Association for Environmental Archaeology No. 9, Roskilde, Denmark, 1988
Prehistoric animals
Morphology, adaptations and relationships of Plesiorycteropus, and a diagnosis of a new order of eutherian mammals
The wing of Titanis walleri (Aves:Phorusrhacidae) from the Late Blancan of Florida
Palaeobiogeography of marine fossil invertebrates : concepts and methods
Archaeozoology of the Near East V : proceedings of the fifth International Symposium on the Archaeozoology of Southwestern Asia and Adjacent Areas
Plectambonites and some allied genera
Contributions to the First Australian Conodont Symposium (AUSCOS 1) held in Sydney, Australia, 18.-21. July 1995
Bone collection : dinosaurs and other prehistoric animals
Stone tools and fossil bones : debates in the archaeology of human origins
A revision of the Turonian members of the ammonite subfamily Collignoniceratinae from the United States Western Interior and Gulf Coast
