http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11663 harmonica
harmonica
How to play the pocket harmonica
Blues with a feeling
Of the blues
Blues harp & marine band
Consolidated mojo
The happy harmonica
Boss blues harmonica
100 miles to go
I'm a lover not a fighter
Live and on the move
Blues harp & Marine Band
Eyesight to the blind ; Chicago Overcoat
Harmonica for dummies
Learn to play harmonica : over 100 illustrated chords for blues, rock, country and soul : [an illustrated beginner's guide to the blues harmonica]
Tell it to your landlord
Nice & strong
The harp handbook
Fun with the harmonica
Step one : teach yourself harmonica
Midnight blue
Everyday we have the blues
Live from Chicago : Mr. Superharp Himself!
Blues harp songbook
Complete country harp techniques
Rockin' with Reed
Absolute beginners. Harmonica : the complete picture guide to playing harmonica
Big city blues
Beyond the source
Lovin' in the valley of the moon
Beginning blues harp : Discover the techniques of cross-playing, note bending, triplet tonguing and tone control
Produced by George Martin : 50 years in recording
King Biscuit time
Mouth harp maestro
Everything you always wanted to know about chromatic harmonica but didn't know who to ask!
Come on in this house
Whoopin' : With Johnny Winter, Willie Dixon
Let's play harmonica : as seen on television
Hymns for harmonica : Diatonic, cross-harp, chromatic
Eyesight to the blind
Best of the Vanguard years
Learn to play the Alfred way harmonica
Top pops : for marine band harmonica [Nuottijulkaisu]
American landscape
BLUES, ROCK, COUNTRY L'HARMONICA
12 Bob Dylan hits for harmonica and guitar
Instant harmonica
Harmonica. 1, for C diatonic harmonica
Tremolo & octave harmonica method
Botheration
The popular bicentennial songbook. 30 solos for harmonica
Ace of harps
The Chess story. Vol. 9
King of the Highway
Blue and lonesome
Progressive harmonica method : for beginners
Sanctuary
Mel Bay's complete chromatic harmonica method
Corky Siegel's Traveling Chamber Blues Show!
The complete Crawdaddy recordings
The Hard way
All over you
Blues shock
Absolute beginners : Harmonica
One Night In America
Fire down under the hill
The great blues harmonica songbook
Instant harmonica : a method for diatonic harmonica
Folk & Blues Harmonica : An instruction manual
Down and out blues ; In memorium
Harmonica ace : the Modern masters
Blues harp : An instruction method for playing the blues harmonica
Bob Dylan's songs for harmonica
Rock for harmonica
Big Walter Horton with Carey Bell
Country favorites - Leonard
FIDDLE TUNES FOR HARMONICA
WHOOPIN' THE BLUES
Here and now
Mel Bay's fun with the harmonica
First lessons : harmonica
You asked for it... : live!
Everybody's gettin' some
Progressive blues harmonica : [for beginners]
Blues masters. Volume 4 : Harmonica classics / compiled by: Cub Coda: the essential blues collection
Method for chromatic harmonica : for all skill levels
Now that you're gone
The chronological Little Walter 1947 - 1953
Sonny Terry's country blues harmonica : by Sonny Terry as told to Kent Cooper
101 popular harmonica solos & how to play them
First 50 songs you should play on harmonica
Now you can talk about me
Lost in the Black Forest, Otto meets three mysterious sisters and finds himself entwined in a prophecy, a promise, and a harmonica--and decades later three children, Friedrich in Germany, Mike in Pennsylvania, and Ivy in California find themselves caught up in the same thread of destiny in the darkest days of the twentieth century, struggling to keep their families intact, and tied together by the music of the same harmonica / WorldCat.
Great hits for harmonica
Discover the Harmonica
Play harmonica today!. Level one : a complete guide to the basics
Conversation with the river
Harmonica Method : A thorough study for the individual or group
Blowing the blues : a history of blues harmonica 1926-2002
The harmonica
Texas harmonica styles
Free at first
Blues harp : an instruction method for playing the blues harmonica
Tip of the top
Mr. Blake's blues
My blues
Groove time
Ain't goin' down
Keep it to ourselves
Almighty dollar
Carey Bell's blues harp
Absolute beginners. Harmonica
Uptown boogie
The well
Harmonicas, harps, and heavy breathers : The evolution of the people's instrument
Harpin' on a riff : The best of Charlie Musselwhite
The right way to play the chromatic harmonica
Hollerin' up a storm : 13 great original recordings : harmonica sessions
That real hot boogie boy : the King anthology
The blues of Sonny Boy Williamson
Stand back! : here comes Charley Musselwhite's South Side Band
Blues stop knockin'
Sonny Boy Williamson
Rides again : expanded edition
Midnight prowler
Blues harmonica for dummies
Blues masters : the essential blues collection. Volume 4, Harmonica classics
How long can a fool go wrong
The complete Blue Horizon sessions
Blues for harmonica
The Hal Leonard complete harmonica method : chromatic harmonica
The natural blues and country western harmonica : [a beginner's guide]
Country favorites
