http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p116 prefabricated wooden house industry
prefabricated wooden house industry
Ecology and good looks sell wood houses
Timber product markets in the UK
Customer satisfaction : case Lapponia House Oy
The customer of this project is Kontio company - a Finnish construction company specialized in the creating and building of individual wooden houses and administrative wooden buildings. A big part of their sales come from the Russian market. The goal of this project is creating of modular wooden kindergarten for sale in Russia. Research in the thesis is carried out in two directions. The first of them is an analysis of Russian fire resistance regulations, energy efficiency norms and soundproofing usage rules and also observing laminated wood as main building material for a kindergarten. The second part is design of a building. The drawings and a 3D model of the building were created with ArchCad and AutoCad programs. During the work, three types of modules for the building were designed. One version of the building is shown in the thesis. The plan of the floor, the facades, the sections and a 3D model were designed for this version. The customer company can use these modules in the future to create a building of different sizes and forms.
Horrockses fashions : off-the-peg style in the '40s and '50s
Creation of modular log kindergarten for Russian market
Prefabricated houses
The use of cost, customer and competition information in the pricing process
Internationalization plan for Leon Chouinard & Sons
Outlook on mechanical wood processing in Estonia
General framework of log house and wooden prefabricated house marketing in South Korea (Republic of Korea)
Investigating consumer perceptions by applying the extended association pattern technique : a study on wooden multistory houses
The Finnish wooden-house transformed : American prefabrication, war-time housing and Alvar Aalto
Long-term outlook for wood construction in Europe
E2 -kilpailu poiki kaksi voittajaa : Two winners in the E2 competition
The UK and German construction industry foresight and respective value proposition ingredients to the industrial customers
The importance of China's forest products markets to the UNECE region
Combined production of mixed peat and wood fuel: starting points in Finnish circumstances
