http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11642 Perciformes
Perciformes
FAO species catalogue. Vol. 14, Sillaginid fishes of the world (family Sillaginidae) : an annotated and illustrated catalogue of the sillago, smelt or Indo-Pacific whiting species known to date
Coastal fish monitoring in Baltic reference areas 1998
Ecotoxicity of pulp and paper mill effluents in fish : responses at biochemical, individual, population and community levels
Capture-based aquaculture : the fattening of eels, groupers, tunas and yellowtails
Monitoring in Baltic coastal reference areas 1996 : composition of fish communities
Darwin's dreampond : drama in Lake Victoria
The role of perch (Perca fluviatilis L.) in the food web of the long term biomanipulated Bautzen reservoir
Damselfishes of the world
Diet of perch (Perca fluviatilis) in Lake Höytiäinen, eastern Finland : does predation by perch have an effect on recruitment of vendace (Coregonus albula)?
Environmental influence of Hg and 137Cs levels in perch (Perca fluviatilis L.) and roach (Rutilus rutilus L.) from circumneutral lakes
Structure of the perch populations of some ponds in Finland
Impact of forest harvesting on larval and juvenile growth of yellow perch (Perca flavescens) in boreal lakes
Walleye culture manual
The growth responses of fish to differences in acidity-related lake characteristics and fish species composition
The most complete colored lexicon of cichlids : every known cichlid illustrated in color
Review of Atlantic and Eastern Pacific anthiine fishes (Teleostei: Perciformes: Serranidae), with descriptions of two new genera
Fishes of the darkness : water colour-regulated competitive interactions in humic lakes
Coastal fish monitoring in Baltic reference areas 1999
Manual on hatchery production of seabass and gilthead seabream. Vol. 2
Heavy metals in perch (Perca fluviatilis) from the Kostomuksha region (North-western Karelia, Russia)
Size-dependent performance and ontogenetic niche shifts
Growth regulation and stress responsiveness in juvenile Eurasian perch (Perca fluviatilis) and yellow perch (P. flavescens)
The influence of visual conditions on young percids (Percidae spp.)
Genetic study of genus Sebastes (redfish) in the North Atlantic with emphasis on the stock complex in the Irminger Sea
Monitoring in Baltic coastal reference areas 1997 : catches of perch, roach and viviparous blenny
Relative abundance, diet and growth of perch (Perca fluviatilis) and roach (Rutilus rutilus) at Tvärminne, northern Baltic Sea, in 1975 and 1997 : responses to eutrophication?
Seasonal variation in weight and activity of the freshwater fishes Perca fluviatilis L. and Esox lucius L.
Percina kathae, a new logperch endemic to the mobile basin in Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia, and Tennessee (Percidae, Etheostomatini)
Antipredator behaviour of Baltic planktivores
Summary.
This work focuses on an important group of temperate freshwater fish, approaching the topic from the perspectives of both biology and aquaculture. It compiles the latest research on fish belonging to the Percidae family and describes in detail all biological aspects relevant to the culture of different species, including ecology, reproductive physiology, feeding and nutrition, genetics, immunology, stress physiology and behavior. It also considers commercial fish production and fish farming topics, such as protocols for induction of gonad maturation, spawning, incubation and larval rearing. Expert contributors not only provide a critical peer review of scientific literature but also original research data, and identify effective practical techniques. The book features chapters on systematics, ecology and evolution, on development, metabolism and husbandry of early life stages and on growth, metabolism, behavior and husbandry of juvenile and grow-out stages. Furthermore, the authors consider genetic improvement and domestication, as well as diseases and health management, crucial to the readers' understanding of these fish and how they can be cultured.
Biology and culture of percid fishes : principles and practices
Recruitment failure and decreasing catches of perch (Perca fluviatilis L.) and pike (Esox lucius L.) in the coastal waters of southeast Sweden
Manual on hatchery production of seabass and gilthead seabream. Vol. 1
Percis II : symposium program, abstracts
Perch (Perca fluviatilis) as a factor in recruitment variations of vendace (Coregonus albula) in lake Konnevesi, Finland
Percina austroperca : a new species of logperch (Percidae, subgenus Percina) from the Choctawhatchee and Escambia Rivers in Alabama and Florida
Reproductive behaviour of a monogamous cichlid fish Tilapia mariae
Coastal fish monitoring in Baltic reference areas 2000
Effects of predation and fish stock management on the abundance of larval vendace : experimental and field evidence in a large oligotrophic lake
Genetic diversity of endemic fish in Lake Malawi and Lake Tanganyika
Environmental monitoring of refuse dump leachate toxicity in fish
Offshore cichlids of Lake Malawi
Troubled by the humics : effects of water colour and interspecific competition on the feeding efficiency of planktivorous perch
Population structure and production of the perch, Perca fluviatilis L., in lake Kiutajärvi, NE-Finland
Marketing of aquacultured seabass and seabream from the Mediterranean basin
A reexamination of the phylogenetic relationships of the sand darters (Teleostei: Percidae)
Four fish : the future of the last wild food
Tilapia : a guide to their biology & culture in Africa
Migration and growth of pearch, Perca fluviatilis (L.) in the northern Archipelago sea and Helsinki sea area
Percina suttkusi, a new species of logperch (subgenus Percina) from Louisiana, Mississippi, and Alabama (Perciformes, Percidae, Etheostomatini)
Long-term reproductive and physiological effects of acidity and aluminium on three fish species studied in the laboratory and field
Analysis of DDT- and PCB-type compounds low level in fish with reference to pike, perch and bream in lake Päijänne
