http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11648 sickness
sickness
Delays in the progress of developmental skills among adolescent schizophrenia patients with and without a co-morbid pervasive developmental disorder
Genetic risk factors for lumbar intervertebral disc disease characterized by sciatica
Cured
Unexpected lessons in love
Circus Mirandus
A monster calls
Kesterly-on-Sea is full of secrets. Some are darker than others; many are shameful. One is even deadly. Andee is an ex-detective whose marriage is breaking up. So when a young female student disappears without trace, she throws herself into the search. Meanwhile, the town's beloved Rowzee Cayne has just discovered that she is terminally ill, and doesn't want to burden her family and friends with the news. Andee and Rowzee don't know it yet, but their journeys are going to help them uncover a secret. One that is going to affect them more than they could ever imagine.
Health and illness
All of me : a fuller picture of anorexia
People with AIDS
100 poems to see you through : bright words for the darkest hours
Connor began his second life at the age of fifteen. He started it with a thirty-mile-an-hour brain. Connor's first life ended when a virus in his brain stripped him of almost everything - his memory, language and a sense of time. Now Connor lives in a permanent present that he doesn't understand. The 'new' Connor doesn't recognise or remember his parents, his brother, his friends - or his girlfriend Hattie. New-Connor can't remember the old Connor, but there are people who can. People who have reasons to keep him quiet - or to hurt him. Because old-Connor had a dark past.
European Food and Nutrition Action Plan 2015-2020
Proinflammatory cytokines modify the expression of surfactant proteins:study in perinatal rabbit lung
We are not ourselves
Foundation (enhanced edition) : Redefine Your Core, Conquer Back Pain, and Move with Confidence
The saving graces
The spirit who speaks : God's supernatural intervention in your life
Ghost boy : the miraculous escape of a misdiagnosed boy trapped inside his own body
The complete book of men's health
Health, illness, and the social body : a critical sociology
We are not ourselves : a novel
Power and illness : Daniel M. Fox
The Brooklyn follies
Blood matters : a journey along the genetic frontier
Life meets death : thoughts and reality
Functional limitations and quality of life in schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders
Down syndrome, health and disability:a population-based case record and follow-up study
Suomen lääketilasto. 2008 = Finnish statistics on medicines
Yakov and the seven thieves
Death : a survival guide : 100 ways we die and how to avoid them
The blind side of the heart
Study guide for Copstead & Banasik : pathophysiology
Living with muscular dystrophy : illness experience, activities of daily living, coping, quantity of life and rehabilitation
Deadly diseases
Explaining health and illness : an exploration of diversity
Enhancing the availability of electronic health records for secondary purposes : a case study
Art for the disabled scheme : a chinese project to enhance limb-disabled students’ social inclusion through charity and art
Heterotopic ossification in skin : special focus on multiple miliary osteoma cutis and the role of bone morphogenetic proteins
You can heal your life
Health and illness : a social psychological analysis
Postural balance, isometric trunk muscle strength and low back symptoms among young adults
Employee worktime control and health
Wnt-11 signaling roles during heart and kidney development
Pathophysiology
A history of the present illness
The swallow and the dark
Cortical thickness analysis in early diagnostics of Alzheimer's disease
Evidence-based patient handling : tasks, equipment and interventions
Genetic risk factors for intervertebral disc degeneration
Maternal thyroid function during pregnancy:effects on pregnancy, peri- and neonatal outcome and on later maternal health
Connor's brain
Sick and tired : healing the illnesses doctors cannot cure
The sociology of health and illness
Rethinking health psychology
Suomen lääketilasto. 2009 = Finnish statistics on medicines
Clinical assessment of malingering and deception
Decadent genealogies : the rhetoric of sickness from Baudelaire to D'Annunzio
Clinical guidelines for chronic conditions in the European Union
Brain atrophy in mild cognitive impairment : MRI volumetric and voxel-based method study
Multiple sclerosis in Northern Finland:epidemiological characteristics and comorbidities
Prediabetes and associated cardiovascular risk factors:a prospective cohort study among middle-aged and elderly Finns
The moment she left
Mind over medicine : scientific proof you can heal yourself
The talisman
The autoimmune solution : prevent and reverse the full spectrum of inflammatory symptoms and diseases
The managerial challenges in sickness absence management :  Experiences from a retail organisation
Tuesdays with Morrie : an old man, a young man, and life's greatest lesson
Emotions, Somatization and Psychiatric Symptoms among the Akan
Stories of illness
Essentials of human diseases and conditions
Women's health : a practical guide to all the stages and ages of the female life cycle
The abolition of the Swedish alcohol rationing system : effects on consumption distribution and cirrhosis mortality
Health, illness and disease : philosophical essays
Psychological distress in dyspepsia
Perfect match
Analysis of neuronal transcripts of PGC-1α transgenic mice
Global health : an introduction to current and future trends
Hospital mortality of intensive care patients in Finland : insights into prognostic factors and measuring outcomes
Own death
Giving up the ghost : a memoir
Confronting AIDS : public priorities in a global epidemic
Never bet against Occam : mast cell activation disease and the modern epidemics of chronic illness and medical complexity
Perfect daughter
Novels & other narratives 1986-1991
Suomen lääketilasto. 2010 = Finnish statistics on medicines
Stress, disease and primary medical care
Concepts of rehabilitation for the management of common health problems
Second opinion : an introduction to health sociology
Salla disease – rare but diverse
:a clinical follow-up study of a Finnish patient sample
Sickness absence according to diagnoses among employees in food industry from 2003 to 2008
The carriage house : a novel
Translational perspectives on matrix metalloproteinase 8 and other inflammatory biomarkers in cardiovascular diseases
Published in association with the European Academy of Occupational Health Psychology (EAOHP) and the Society for Occupational Health Psychology (SOHP), "Contemporary Issues in Occupational Health Psychology" is a definitive new series presenting state-of-the-art work by leading academics and practitioners in the field. The topics include workplace health intervention evaluation, economic stress and employee well-being, work-family positive spillover, psychological flexibility, and health at work. Contributors to this first volume include Arnold Bakker, Frank Bond, Maureen Dollard, Leslie Hammer, Robert Karasek, Michiel Kompier, Tahira Probst, Wilmar Schaufeli, Arie Shirom, Robert Sinclair, Toon Taris, and, Tores Theorell.
Worlds of illness : biographical and cultural perspectives on health and disease
Cerebrospinal fluid and plasma biomarkers in the differential diagnosis of neurodegenerative diseases
The early sociology of health and illness. Vol. 1, Selected readings
8 weeks to optimum health : a proven program for taking full advantage of your body's natural healing power
Cognitive performance and its associations with physical fitness and demographic and socio-economic variables in healthy aging
Our current understanding of strangles. Part 1, Etiology, epidemiology, pathogenesis, clinical signs and diagnosis
Occupational disease : the skeleton in puppeteer's closet
The social construction of illness : illness and medical knowledge in past and present
The best of times
Histopathological features in the progression of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis/usual interstitial pneumonia with special emphasis on the redox modulating enzymes of the human lung
Alpha-synuclein as a regulator of synaptic signalling
The rescue princesses : the rainbow opal
Infectious Diseases in Finland 2014
Gillian McKeith's food bible : the complete A-Z guide to a healthy life
Expression of lactate transporters MCT1, MCT2, MCT4 and the ancillary protein CD147 in horse muscle and red blood cells
The Action Plan is intended to significantly reduce the burden of preventable diet-related noncommunicable diseases, obesity and all other forms of malnutrition still prevalent in the WHO European Region. It calls for countries to act, using a whole-of-government, health-in-all-policies approach. Its priority actions will contribute to improving food-system governance and the overall quality of the European population's diet and nutritional status.
Assessment of bone quality in pediatric and adult patients with osteoporosis
Symptoms of depression in elderly : a comparative study on people aged 65 years and above living in an old age home and in their own home in Nepal
A soap opera from Hell : essays on the facts of life and the facts of death
Prognostic impact of preoperative and postoperative critical conditions on the outcome of coronary artery bypass surgery
The diagnostic accuracy of the plastic glove test for diagnosis of sand enteropathy in the horse
Trinity
Health, science, and ordinary language
There is increased awareness of the need for palliative care for chronic diseases. However, there remains a huge unmet need for palliative care for chronic life-limiting health problems in most parts of the world. The purpose of this Atlas is to shine a light on the need for palliative care globally and to provide useful information for those wishing to increase access. This document addresses the following questions: What is palliative care? Why is palliative care a human rights issue? What are the main diseases requiring palliative care? What is the need for palliative care? What are the barriers to palliative care? Where is palliative care currently available? What are the models of palliative care worldwide? What resources are devoted to palliative care? What is the way forward?
The boy from France
The immune system recovery plan : a doctor's 4-step program to treat autoimmune disease
Contemporary occupational health psychology : global perspectives on research and practice. Vol. 1
Antoine meets Natalie, the woman of his dreams. They have two children and Antoine thrives in his work for an insurance company, investigating claims to reduce his firm's pay-outs. But soon Natalie drifts away from him, beginning an affair, and Antoine loses his job when he lets his heart overrule his head.
Kitchen table wisdom : stories that heal
It's a bird..
Muscle : fundamental biology and mechanisms of disease
Franklin goes to the hospital
Health-related quality of life and its associating factors among 25-64-year-old adults with or without long-term mental symptoms.
Ethical dilemmas faced by health and social care professionals providing dementia care in care homes and hospital settings : a guide for use in the context of ongoing professional care training
Diet, body adiposity and cardiometabolic risk in a population sample of primary school children
Creativity and disease : how illness affects literature, art and music
Husbands and lies
Our current understanding of strangles. Part 2, Control of an outbreak, treatment and prevention
Cardiovascular disease among professional drivers and subway staff in Stockholm
Social contexts of health, illness, and patient care
Close to the bone : life threatening illness and the search for meaning
Thyroid function of mother and child and their impact on the child’s neuropsychological development
Human nutrition and dietetics
The Lord is my healer : a word about healing
Obstruction event severity in diagnostics of sleep apnea
Mortality
Suomen lääketilasto. 2007 = Finnish statistics on medicines
Large waterborne epidemic in Pirkanmaa, Finland 2007 : Study on disease burden, health consequences and health-economic costs
Winters child
Genetic factors in bone disorders : osteogenesis imperfecta, juvenile osteoporosis and stress fractures
Health psychology : a textbook
Torch
Key account acquisition and retention in the United Kingdom private medical insurance market : case study: AXA PPP healthcare
Abstract.
International working papers on dance. Issue no 1, The healthier dancer
Getting to normal : a novel
The meaning of illness : anthropology, history and sociology
The early sociology of health and illness. Vol. 4, Medical police, or The causes of diseases with the means of prevention : part 2
Thrombomodulin and catecholamines as post-mortem indicators of hypothermia
Stigma and Shame of HIV/AIDS in the Life Stories of Alpha Group
World malaria report 2012.
Illness as metaphor
Bear feels sick
The black tower
Encounters in the medical context : issues of gender and sexuality
The change of the living habits of the participants in the group counselling of osteoporosis/osteopenia in ASKO-project.
Art for Empowerment : One-on-one art sessions with dementia patients
The girl with all the gifts
Babysitting George
Genetics of inherited dementing disorders : special emphasis on Alzheimer's disease, frontotemporal dementia, Parkinson's disease and primary familial brain calcification
Health is simple, disease is complicated : a systems approach to vibrant health
Suomen lääketilasto 2011 = Finnish statistics on medicines 2011
The bubble boy
Adverse reactions to food
Pupil-related psychosocial factors, school setting, and teacher sick leave : a collaborative data study
This publication is about the kinds of ethically challenging situations and ethical  dilemmas faced by health and social professionals of all levels who provide care for people with dementia in care homes and hospital settings. It contains short stories based on typical situations which professional carers might encounter, along with exercises and appendices to encourage and facilitate ethical reflection, structured  guidance on how to tackle ethically challenging situations and commentaries from experts in the field of ethics as well as professional care. The publication should ideally be used in the context of professional care training (e.g. with moderated group discussions, professional guidance and role playing) and adapted to the different levels of education and experience of the readers. It doesn't provide ready-made answers but hopefully, in the context of ongoing professional training, it will contribute towards empowering and motivating health and social care professionals to provide ethical care, and tackling ethically challenging situations with more confidence, thereby contributing to the wellbeing of their clients, colleagues and themselves.
Psychosocial nursing : care of physically ill patients and their families
Big pocket guide to using social marketing for behaviour change
Sanctuary
PET and MR imaging in Parkinson's disease patients with cognitive impairment : a study of dopaminergic dysfunction, amyloid deposition, cortical hypometabolism and brain atrophy
Late eclipses : an October Daye novel
Diet, life expectancy, and chronic disease : studies of Seventh-Day Adventists and other vegetarians
I'm not naughty - I'm autistic : Jodi's journey
Mom's cancer
Smoking, pulmonary and heart diseases and the risk of cognitive impairment and dementia : an epidemiological approach
Predictive factors in endonasal endoscopic lacrimal surgery
Incidence, mortality, comorbidities, and treatment of bullous pemphigoid in Finland
Disease, knowledge and society
Agents of health and illness
Discrimination, sickness absence, and labor market policy
Adventures in human being
The effect of aquatic exercise on symptoms, function, body composition and cartilage in knee osteoarthritis
Low back pain (LBP) is the leading cause of years lived with disabilities worldwide. Intervertebral disc (IVD) degeneration is a strong contributing factor to LBP. Recent studies have shown that genetic determinants contribute markedly to IVD degeneration but knowledge about the actual genes involved as well as their roles is still limited. The aim of this thesis work was to study genetic factors that may predispose to IVD degeneration. Using both family and case-control association study designs, variants in five genes showed association with IVD degeneration on magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in a population-based sample and among patients with sciatica due to lumbar disc herniation (LDH).We performed a candidate gene association study of the known variants implicated in IVD degeneration in a Finnish cohort of 538 young individuals with a moderate degree of lumbar IVD degeneration on MRI. We were able to confirm the associations of variants in the IL6, SKT, and CILP genes, which provides further evidence for true associations. Based on our earlier linkage study in Finnish sciatica families, we performed a candidate gene analysis and identified IL17F as a potential candidate gene. To the best of our knowledge this is the first study to observe an association between this gene and discogenic sciatica. Both IL-6 and IL-17 are pro-inflammatory cytokines with elevated expression levels in herniated tissues, which suggest a role in IVD degeneration. Study of the role of genes coding for inflammatory mediators is of interest as it may contribute to the understanding of the overall inflammatory response of the disc.In addition, we reported on the involvement of SKT in the etiology of lumbar disc herniation (LDH) both in Japanese and Finnish case-control samples. Experimental studies in mice have shown that Skt homozygous mutants exhibit disc abnormalities resulting in a kinky tale phenotype. We hypothesized that the human homolog SKT could have long-term importance in the onset of IVD degeneration by making the discs more vulnerable. Finally, through linkage studies and in the subsequent association analyses, the role of CHST3 as a novel risk factor for IVD degeneration was identified. CHST3 encodes an enzyme that catalyzes the sulfation of chondroitin, and mutations in this gene are associated with spondylepiphyseal dysplasia and humerospinal dysostosis. In our study, we identified this gene using genome –wide linkage based on data from a Southern Chinese family and speculated that mild CHST3 reduction caused by the reported susceptibility SNP could result in disc degeneration in adults in conjunction with other risk factors.This thesis provides new information about the genetic background of IVD degeneration and new insights into the etiology of the disease. The specific roles of these genes in the IVD function and pathogenesis of sciatica are not clear however, and need to be elucidated.
Changes in atherosclerosis risk factors induced by hormone replacement therapy or ethanol consumption
Why people don't heal and how they can
Adolescents with their first episode of schizophrenia spectrum psychosis : a comparison with adolescents suffering from other severe mental disorders
Written cancer narratives : an ethnomedical study of cancer patients  thoughts, emotions and experiences
Pathophysiology : concepts of altered health states
The scientists : a family romance
The early sociology of health and illness. Vol. 3, Medical police, or The causes of diseases with the means of prevention : part 1
WHY? HOW? and WHO? : a study on life dynamics and experiences of 50+ people living with HIV/AIDS in Finland
A transcultural view of women living with breast cancer: living with an uncertain certainty : a systematic literature review
Grace and Grit : spirituality and healing in the life and death of Treya Killam Wilber
Things fall apart
Cultural diversity in health & illness
Models of human disease : differentiation between etiological and maintenance factors
Optimization of cardiomyocyte differentiation of human pluripotent stem cells
Musculoskeletal disorders and physical strain among food factory workers
Music & Medicine : Medical profiles of great composers
Nursing and the experience of illness : phenomenology in practice
The last gift
Study guide for understanding pathophysiology
Pathophysiology : Foundations of disease and clinical intervention
The family life of sick children : a study of families coping with chronic childhood disease
On children and death : how children and their parents can and do cope with death
Slow dancing with a stranger : lost and found in the age of Alzheimer's
Individual and combinatory effects of voluntary wheel running and sActRIIB-Fc administration on redox-balance in mdx mice
We only saw happiness
Global Atlas of Palliative Care at the End of Life
Exposure to environmental tobacco smoke, animals and pollen grains as determinants of atopic diseases and respiratory infections
The still point of the turning world
English summary.
Doctor on board : your practical guide to medical emergencies at sea
Ghost boy
Information management for tactical decision-making in the cardiac care process
Alcohol consumption, atherosclerosis and stroke : epidemiologic follow-up study in middle-aged Finnish men
The reconnection : heal others, heal yourself
Identification of disease causing mutations in early-onset neuropathies by exome sequencing
MRI of herniated nucleus pulposus : correlation with clinical findings, determinants of spontaneous resorption and effects of anti-inflammatory treatments on spontaneous resorption
Cure : a journey into the science of mind over body
The empathy problem
