http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11693 musicals
musicals
Zorba : original Broadway cast recording
The sound of music
Reading Rocky Horror : the Rocky Horror picture show and popular culture
Cats : the book of the musical
From Broadway to Hollywood : the musical and the cinema
Strike up the band : a new history of musical theatre
West Side Story
Children of Eden : American premiere recording
The light in the piazza
Performing in musicals
Choreographing the stage musical
Camelot & Brigadoon : vocal selections
The woman in white : original cast recording
15 easy theatre solos : mezzo soprano/alto
The Sound of Music Companion
Glamorous musicals : Fifty years of Hollywood's ultimate fantasy
The American musical theatre song encyclopedia
Children of Eden : vocal selections
Selections from Cats : Original Broadway cast recording ; Orchestrations by David Cullen and Andrew Lloyd Webber
Julie Taymor : playing with fire : theater, opera, film
Show music on record : the first 100 years
George M. Cohan : The man who owned Broadway
Rodgers and Hammerstein's Tony and Pulitzer Prize-winning musical "South Pacific" has remained a mainstay of the American musical theater since it opened in 1949, and its powerful message about racial intolerance continues to resonate with twenty-first century audiences. Drawing on extensive research in the Rodgers and the Hammerstein papers, including Hammerstein's personal notes on James A. Michener's Tales of the South Pacific, Jim Lovensheimer explores the show's complex messages and demonstrates how the presentation of those messages changed throughout the creative process. As he demonstrates, Rodgers and especially Hammerstein continually refined and softened the theme of racial intolerance until it was more acceptable to mainstream Broadway audiences. The book also offers valuable background, exploring the earlier careers of both Rodgers and Hammerstein, showing how they explored serious social issues in their other works, and discussing their involvement in the political movements of their day. Thoroughly researched and compellingly written, this superb book offers a rich, intriguing portrait of a Broadway masterpiece and the era in which it was created.
THE PHANTOM OF THE OPERA
The Rodgers and Hammerstein story
Brooklyn : the musical
Musical theatre : a history
An American in Paris ; Porgy and Bess - a symphonic picture
Phantom : the American musical sensation
Fiddler on the roof
American musical theatre : a chronicle
Me and my girl
My Fair Lady : song album
The A to Z of the Broadway musical
The Sound of music companion
West side story
Fiddler on the roof : based on Sholom Aleichem' s stories
Kiss of the spider woman : the musical
The world of musical comedy
Can-can
The phantom of the opera at the Royal Albert Hall : in celebration of 25 years
Sondheim and Lloyd-Webber : the new musical
The premiere collection : CD = the best of Andrew Lloyd Webber
Great expectations : the musical
Music, text and translation
Home : a memoir of my early years
Disney High school musical : the essential guide
Irving Berlin's show business
Cats on a chandelier : the Andrew Lloyd Webber story
Victor/Victoria : original Broadway cast recording
This text presents keywords and critical terms that deepen analysis and interpretation of the musical. Taking into account issues of composition, performance, and reception, the book's contributors bring a range of practical and theoretical perspectives to bear on their considerations of American musicals.
Thoroughly modern Millie : vocal selections
The life that late he led : a biography of Cole Porter
The Hollywood musical
Popular music studies in seven acts : conference proceedings of the Fourth Annual Conference of Finnish Society for Ethnomusicology (1995)
The Routledge guide to Broadway
Lost in the stars : vocal selections
Fiddler on the roof : original London cast recording
Calamity Jane
The broadway album
Side show : Original Broadway cast recording
A century of dance
Get happy : life of Judy Garland
"When Leonard Bernstein first arrived in New York City, he was an unknown artist working with other brilliant twentysomethings, notably Jerome Robbins, Betty Comden, and Adolph Green. By the end of the 1940s, these artists were world famous. Their collaborations defied artistic boundaries and subtly pushed a progressive political agenda, altering the landscape of musical theater, ballet, and nightclub comedy. In Bernstein Meets Broadway: Collaborative Art in a Time of War, award-winning author and scholar Carol J. Oja examines the early days of Bernstein's career during World War II, centering around the debut in 1944 of the Broadway musical On the Town and the ballet Fancy Free."--book jacket.
Broadway musicals show by show
Show boat : the story of a classic American musical
Vocal selections from My one and only
Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat
West Side story : original Broadway cast
Marguerite : the world premiere of a new musical
From Berlin to Broadway
The book of musicals : from Show boat to Evita
The world of Flo Ziegfeld
The King and I
Legally blonde. The musical : vocal selections
The Oxford handbook of the American musical
Broadway musicals
The Who's Tommy : the musical
I do! I do! : the original Broadway cast recording
Chess : The making of a musical
Oklahoma! : selections from the Theatre Guilt musical play
Finian's rainbow & On a clear day you can see forever. Vocal selections
Broadway, the golden years : Jerome Robbins and the great choreographer-directors : 1940 to the present
He is young. He is hot. He is also evil. He is ....... the librarian. Cynthia's best friend, Annie, falls head over heels for the new high-school librarian, but after meeting Mr. Gabriel, Cyn realizes something isn't quite right. Maybe it's the creepy look in the librarian's eyes... or the blood and horns and bat-like wings that appear when he thinks no one is looking. He's a demon... and now Cyn has to save her best friend from the clutches of the evil librarian, who also seems to be slowly sucking the life force out of the entire student body / Library off Congress.
The thing about men
150 years of popular musical theatre
Vocal selections from Fiorello!
Zorba : [Broadway revival cast recording]
42nd Street : piano, vocal, chords ; words by Al Dubin
Martin Guerre : the 1999 cast recording
Martin Guerre : a musical - vocal selections
Broadway songs : for male singers
The stage lighting handbook
Hamilton : the revolution
Les Miserables : highlights from the complete symphonic international cast recording
Allegro : sung by the members of the original cast
Gypsy & Funny Girl : Vocal selections
Les Misérables : The complete symphonic recording
100 film musicals
Bernstein meets Broadway : collaborative art in a time of war
Marguerite : a new musical
From stage to screen : musical films in Europe and United States (1927-1961)
Mamma mia! How can I resist you? : the inside story of Mamma mia! and the songs of Abba
Rent: the complete book and lyrics of the Broadway musical
Singin' in the rain
Chess : original Broadway cast recording
West Side story : Original Broadway cast recording
Amazing Abby: Drama Queen
The Fantasticks & Celebration : vocal selections
From The Phantom of the Opera and The Sound of Music to Les Mis©♭rables, Musicals: The Definitive Illustrated Story brings the world's best-loved productions to life.The complete history of the musical is covered, from its earliest origins in dance halls and vaudeville, to the record-breaking West End musicals and spectacular Broadway shows of today. Discover the history, plots and stars of musical theatre and movie musicals, go backstage to find out behind-the-scenes gossip and delve into profiles of successful creators such as Disney and Andrew Lloyd Webber in this illustrated celebration. Plus fun infographics summarise plot, characters and songs, making this a handy reference guide of all the best-loved musicals.With a beautiful glittery cover capturing the excitement and glamour of a trip to the theatre, Musicals: The Definitive Illustrated Story is a show-stopping celebration and a perfect gift for musical fans everywhere.
Once upon a time in Hollywood
Rodgers and Hammerstein
An American in Paris
Cole
Of thee I sing
State fair : vocal selections : souvenir edition ; lyrics by Oscar Hammerstein II
A Little Night Music / book by Hugh Wheeler
Sweeney Todd : the demon barber of Fleet Street
Brooklyn : the musical : live!
Deaf side story : deaf Sharks, hearing Jets, and a classic American musical
Carousel
I love musicals
The last five years
Sweeney Todd : the demon barber of Fleet Street : vocal selections
Encyclopedia of rock music on film : a viewerns guide to..
Sweeney Todd : The Demon barber of fleet street : Highlights
The Scarlet Pimpernel : the new musical adventure : original Broadway cast recording
Lil' Abner : original Broadway cast recording
West End Broadway : the golden age of the American musical in London
Crazy for you
Leonard Bernstein conducts West Side Story
Music Master Films and Shows Catalogue : almost 10,000 entries film soundtracks, stage shows, radio & TV shows, singles, albums, CD's, cassettes, videos
A history of movie musicals
The Phantom of the opera : companion
Wonderful Town
The best little whorehouse in Texas
Sing out, Louise! : 150 Broadway musical stars remember 50 years
The best musicals : from show boat to a chorus line : Broadway, Off-Broadway, London
The wild party : vocal selections
Ghost : the musical : piano/vocal selections
Broadway costumes on a budget : big-time ideas for amateur producers
Let's put on a musical! : how to choose the right show for your theater
Man of La Mancha
The Phantom of the opera [Remaster]
The Irving Berlin reader
Global Bollywood : travels of Hindi song and dance
My Fair Lady : original Broadway cast 1956
South Pacific : paradise rewritten
The great songwriters of Hollywood
The rough guide to film musicals
Gramophone musicals good CD guide
Jane Eyre : The musical
Spider-man : Turn off the dark : songs from the Broadway musical. Piano/vocal selections
Mamma mia! : Performed by the Abba-Mania orchestr & singers : Highlights from the new musical based on the sonns of Abba
The book of dance
Rocky Horror : from concept to cult
Cabaret : the illustrated book and lyrics
The Broadway musical : a critical and musical survey
The boy from Oz
Surrender : the unexpected songs
All his jazz : The life & death of Bob Fosse
On the town
They're playing our song : conversations with America's classic songwriters
Musicals : the definitive illustrated story
Victor Victoria : vocal selections
Ashley Tisdale : star of High school musical and more! : Sharpay all the way
South Pacific
Roald Dahl's Matilda : the musical
Pennies from heaven
Spread a little happiness : the first hundred years of the British musical
Broadway musicals : the 101 greatest shows of all time
Rock opera : The creation of Jesus Christ Superstar from record album to Broadway show and motion picture
Company : A musical comedy : Original Broadway cast recording
Follies : In concert
Off-Broadway musicals since 1919 : from Greenwich Village follies to the toxic avenger
The Broadway album
Lady in the dark
Party princess
Steel pier : vocal selections
Broadway collection : Top-songs from musicals
A man of no importance : a new musical
Gypsy : Broadway revival edition
42nd Street : the song and dance extravaganza : original Broadway cast recording
CATS
BEST FROM BROADWAY
Crazy for you : the new Gershwin musical comedy : original London cast recording
We will rock you : the musical by Queen and Ben Elton : the official book including script and full lyrics to all songs
Performing arts : a guide to practice and appreciation
La Cage aux folles : the Broadway musical comedy : vocal selections
Evita : Highlights of the original Broadway production for world tour 89/90
Jesus Christ Superstar
Hello again : a new musical : original cast recording
Broadway classics
The effects of art on wellbeing : case Hair
