http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11686 art schools
art schools
Basic principles of design  : the Foundation Program at the School of Design Basel, Switzerland. 2, Memory drawing, technical deawing and perspective, lettering
Why art cannot be taught
Invitation from the future
A century of art and design education : from Arts and Crafts to conceptual art
Genshiken : Second season. 1
Taideteollinen korkeakoulu, taidekasvatuksen osasto = University of Industrial Arts Helsinki UIAH, Faculty of Art Education
Bridging the future : [general history of The University of Art and Design Helsinki 1973-2003] / Ilkka Huovio ; translated by Hannariikka Hiivala
Talking about student art
Sankt-Peterburgskaâ Gosudarstvennaâ hudožestvenno-promyšlennaâ Akademiâ k 125 letiû osnovaniâ : monumental'no-dekorativnoe iskusstvo i dizajn = Saint Petersburg State Academy of Art & Design 125th anniversary : monumental and decorative art & design
101 things to learn in art school
Leap before you look : Black Mountain College 1933-1957
Art school : (propositions for the 21st century)
Bauhaus : 1919 - 1933 : Reform and Avant-Garde
Eesti Kunstiakadeemia Aastaraamat 2008 = Yearbook Estonian Academy of Arts 2008
Hothouse
Teaching art : academies and schools from Vasari to Albers
Genshiken : Second season. 2
The cutting edge of modernity : linocuts of the Grosvenor School
Il senso del corpo = the sense of the body
Inside the Bauhaus
Kanagawa is a strategic and poetic card game in which you must paint the most beautiful print. Improve your studio to immortalise the most beautiful subjects through the seasons and become the most prestigious student of the painter Hokusai.
This Reader came out of the material chosen by Simryn Gill for the young artists participating in her Master Class in the summer of 2011 at the Saari Manor in Southern Finland. In its printed book format, the Reader is a way of sharing the inspiration these texts, written by very differnt authors, give to think about art, the how and why of making art, with a community of readers.
Art school is at a point of unprecedented popularity both as an enterprise and as an object of critical inquiry. This book examines the complex and often unruly state of art education by focusing on its signature pedagogical form, the assignment. Practical and quixotic in equal parts, the art assignment can resemble a riddle as much as a recipe, and often sounds more like a haiku, or even a joke, than a clear directive. From introductory exercises in perspective drawing to graduate-level experiments in societal transformation, the assignment coalesces ideas about what art is, how it should be taught, and what larger purpose it might, or might not, serve. The book is a written record of an evolving oral tradition. Bringing together hundreds of assignments, anti-assignments, and artworks from both teachers and students from a broad range of institutions, we hope it simultaneously serves as an archive and an instigation, a teaching tool and a question mark, a critique and a tribute.
Professional managers for the arts and culture? : the training of cultural administrators and arts managers in Europe : trends and perspectives
Educating artists for the future : learning at the intersections of art, science, technology, and culture
Discovered : Sequential art anthology 2007
The Bauhaus reassessed : sources and design theory
Vysoká Škola Uměleckoprůmyslová v Praze : 1885 - 2005 = Academy of Arts, Architecture and Design in Prague : 1885 - 2005
Eesti Kunstiakadeemia Aastaraamat 2006/2007 = Estonian Academy of Art Yearbook 2006/2007
Draw it with your eyes closed : the art of the art assignment
New practices, new pedagogies : a reader
Opere postume progettate in vita Metallwerkstatt Bauhaus anni '20/anni '90 = posthumous works designed while living Metallwerkstatt Bauhaus 20's/ 90's = Werke aus dem Nachlass, zu Lebzeiten entworfen Metallwerkstatt Bauhaus '20 Jahre/ '90 Jahre = oeuvres posthumes projetées en vie Metallwerkstatt Bauhaus années '20/ années '90
Fame : extended dance edition
Nordicyoungblood : 81 contributions, 66 contributors
Summaries in English.
Genshiken : Second season. 3
The gendered world of the Bauhaus : the politics of power at the Weimar Republic's premier art institute, 1919-1932
Artist scholar : reflections on writing and research
Mackintosh's masterwork : the Glasgow School of Art
Ulm design : the morality of objects
Some interiors of a house, rooms and sculptures
The Bauhaus
175 years of tuition in painting, sculpture and graphic art at the Cracow Academy of Fine Art = 175 lat nauczania malarstwa, rzezby i grafiki w krakowskiej Akademii Sztuk Pieknych
Moxyland
Bridging the future
Basic principles of design  : the Foundation Program at the School of Design Basel, Switzerland. 3, Material studies, textile design, color 2
Glasgow School of Art : the history
Nongrata : art of the invisibles : performances 1998-2007
Basic principles of design  : the Foundation Program at the School of Design Basel, Switzerland. 4, Color 1, graphic exercises, dimensional design
Not otherwise specified
Power of images : INSEA 1992
Rethinking the contemporary art school : the artist, the PhD and the academy
A hundred years and more
Classical drawing at The Stieglitz State Academy of Art and Design = Traditsii shkoly risovanija, Hudozhestvenno-Academij imeni A.L. Shtiglitsa
Black Mountain College : experiment in art
The history and philosophy of art education
Art and the academy in the nineteenth century
Forms of education: couldn't get a sense of it
Invitation from the future : treatise on the roots of the School of Arts and Crafts and its development into a university level school 1871-1973
Histories of art and design education : collected essays
ABC of Konstfack University College of Arts, Crafts and Design 2008-09
Basic principles of design  : the Foundation Program at the School of Design Basel, Switzerland. 1, Object drawing, object and museum drawing
