http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11703 youth homes
youth homes
By focusing on one particular re-education institution, this book offers a multifaceted analysis of practices of diagnosis and curing what was defined as «delinquency, criminality or disorderly behaviour at the turn of the twentieth century. The study provides an important corrective to the existing accounts of re-education by proposing an approach in which institutional practices are analysed both from above and from below. The book draws attention to the process of reforming identities - the construction of reformatory identities - as the core of residential re-education. Special emphasis is placed on the interplay of notions of gender and social background. The book is based on extensive archival research drawing from a wide range of new and neglected sources. The primary material includes a unique collection of documents produced by the girls of the Vuorela State Reform School in Finland. Narrative analysis of correspondence, and careful scrutiny of the official sources created for re-educational purposes, form a basis for the investigation of the interaction between pupils' own self-expression and the aims of re-education in the construction of reformed identities. The practices developed in Finland are carefully contextualised in the European history of re-education.
The changing transition to adulthood : leaving and returning home
Residential care for young people in Sweden : homes, staff and residents
Queen bees & wannabes : helping your daughter survive cliques, gossip, boyfriends and  other realities of adolescence
Psychiatric disorders, behavioural and family problems and neuropsychological disabilities are common among adolescent reform school students
Select bibliography
Abstract: The placement on a reform school - the second change for an adolescent? : psychiatric disorders, learning disabilities and problems in the family as a challenge of treatment.
Cyberkids : children in the information age
Diversity in residential care and treatment for young people in Sweden
Queen bees & wannabes : helping your daughter survive cliques, gossip, boyfriends, and other realities of adolescence
Stadi-boys, crime and child protection : five case studies from six decades.
The summoning
Subjective wellbeing in regional contexts
Talking trouble : institutionality and identity in a youth detention home
Young people in care and criminal behaviour
Children and young people's spaces : developing practice
Guiding the behaviour of children and young people
The virgin suicides
Constructing reformatory identity : girls' reform school education in Finland, 1893-1923
Rethinking residential child care : positive perspectives
Solace of the road
Between location and a sense of place : observations regarding young people's migration alacrity in Northern Europe
Whether in their homes, schools, streets, parks, in children's centres or cyberspace, children and young people live their lives in spaces which impact on their language and concepts, and on their social worlds and relationships. This important and innovative text provides a new framework for thinking about how relationships are developed with children and young people in the spaces they inhabit. Drawing on a wide range of perspectives, it analyses how spaces are negotiated, produced and experienced by children and young people. It offers clear guidance on how practitioners can use spaces productively to form and maintain working relationships with children and young people. In particular the book: a- assesses how places and spaces influence and are influenced by children and young people a- situates the development of work with children and young people within the thinking and values associated with social pedagogy, an approach to practice favoured in Continental Europe and attracting much interest in the UK a- advocates democratic practice and includes methods for participatory practice-led research. An illuminating anthology of readings with a truly multidisciplinary and holistic approach, this is an essential text for students and practitioners working or intending to work with children, young people and their families. It also makes insightful reading for those with broader theoretical interests in social science, psychology and human geography.
Pain, normality, and the struggle for congruence : reinterpreting residential care for children and youth
Out of the tower : essays on culture and everyday life
All my secrets
Learning from violence : the youth dimension : contributions to the researchers' seminar, Budapest, October 2002 = Apprendre de la violence : dimension jeunesse : contributions au séminaire de chercheurs, Budapest , octobre 2002
The nowhere girls
Daughters of penitence : Vuorela State Reform School and the construction of reformatory identity, 1893-1923
