http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1179 occupations (professions)
occupations (professions)
The images of occupational prestige
Vocational behavior : readings in theory and research
Women seafarers : global employment policies and practices
Travel & tourism
An active attitude and the spirit of doing : hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
Pedagogical views on innovation competences and entrepreneurship : innovation pedagogy and other approaches
Kitchen Princess. 4
Careers in secretarial and office work
Hunters by occupational status in Finland
Culture-Biz : locating women as film and book publishing professionals in Europe
Open source as a pedagogical tool in higher education
A whole new mind : why right-brainers will rule the future
Habitus and care : investigating welfare service workers' agency
ERASMUS PROGRAMME STUDENT’S CHALLENGES FACED ABROAD AND THE IMPACT ON EUROPEAN COMMISSION OBJECTIVES
Cross-evaluation 4 : final report : FUAS quality policy
Sales analysis of professional sport organization
Finnish trade unions and immigrant labor
Occupational outlook handbook
Multiple benefits but almost as many obstacles : teachers and students' perceptions of the integration English and vocational studies in University of Applied Sciences
Ethics in practice : lawyers ́ roles, responsibilities, and regulation
The segregation of men and women into different occupations is one of the most important and enduring aspects of labor markets around the world. This book presents a comprehensive analysis of the levels and recent changes in the sex segregation of occupations. It is based on detailed occupational data from 41 countries or territories from all regions of the world. A number of findings will surprise readers, such as the higher level of occupational segregation in Scandinavia as compared to other industrialized countries, the lower level of occupational segregation in Asia as compared to Europe, and the truly restricted and stereotyped choice of occupations open to women.
Mr.Biff the boxer
Mrs Wobble the waitress
I didn't come here to make friends : confessions of a reality show villain
The amazing adventures of working girl : real-life career advice you can actually use
Toward connectivity : internships of Finnish universities of applied sciences
Meaningful living across the lifespan : occupation-based intervention strategies for occupational therapists and scientists
Things People Do
The visionmongers : making a life and a living in photography
Critical practice in health and social care
Spinning e-pedagogical nets : pedagogical development and experiments in higher education
R&D strategies and activities : comparing universities of applied sciences in Finland, the Netherlands, Belgium and Germany
Women's work : making dance in Europe before 1800
Careers in technical theater
Undergraduate & graduate performance development in UK Higher Education
Boy soldier
What is professional social work?
The Meeting professional
The firework-maker's daughter
The lives of teachers
Zebedee Zing, taster to the king
The future information professional : proceedings from the Aslib conference, 28-29 May 1996.
On cooking : a textbook of culinary fundamentals
Those who can, teach
Best practices for co-operation between vocational education and nature-based enterprises : Envolwe (Nature Based Entrepreneurs and Vocational Education Training Providers Learning and Working Together), best practice report
Economic integration, lobbying by firms and workers and technological change
Men and their work
Muhammad Ali : his life and times
The German experience of professionalization : modern learned professions and their organizations from the early nineteenth century to the Hitler era
Kitchen Princess. 5
First-year teacher : a case study
People at work
Athletic career transition : a qualitative inquiry into ex-athletes' experiences of the sports system in Singapore
Kitchen Princess. 7
Professional profiles : a longitudinal analysis of three traditional female professions
Manhood on the line : working-class masculinities in the American heartland
To be a professional musician
Knowledge as a part of improving internal communication: a case study Nokia Oyj
The political science profession in Finland
The International Handbook of Research on Teachers and Teaching" provides a fresh look at the ever changing nature of the teaching profession throughout the world. This collection of over 70 original articles addresses a wide range of issues that are relevant for understanding the present educational climate in which the accountability of teachers and the standardized testing of students have become dominant. The international collection of authors brings to the handbook a breadth of knowledge and experience about the teaching profession, and a wealth of material across a number of comparative dimensions, such as between developed and developing countries, and Eastern and Western cultures. In addition, many articles address the emerging challenges to education and to the lives of teachers which are brought about by the globalization trends of the 21st Century. The handbook is divided into two volumes, and focuses on the following general topic areas: Theory and Research on Teachers; Becoming a Teacher; Characteristics of Teachers; Teacher Behaviors; Teacher Life Cycles; Theories of Teaching and Learning Teaching in Classrooms; Teaching Specific Student Populations; The Teaching of Individual Subjects; Great Debates about Teachers; and, Teaching. The handbook is written for students and researchers in the fields of education, the social sciences and the behavioral sciences. In addition, it is a valuable resource for policy-makers who want knowledge and insights based on the latest research findings. Many author recommendations are relevant for the development of educational reform policies in both developed and developing societies.
School codes and teachers' work : three studies on teacher work contexts
Developing Managerial Competence
Unique aspects of the professional identity of tattooed psychologists : the professional self-esteem, sense of not belonging and intentional behavior modeling of four tattooed professionals from the field of psychology and psychiatry
Equal, but different : an evaluate of the postgraduate polytechnic experiment in Finland : final report
Attitudes toward CSR : the attitudes of Finnish trade unions' representatives toward corporate social responsibility practices
Dynamic teachers : leaders of change
Interdisciplinary studies journal
The veterinary receptionists : essential skills for client care
Fighting crime
Everyday problems of the country teacher : a textbook and a handbook of country-school practice
Flash media as a tool for advertisement
Employment
Gender and jobs : sex segregation of occupations in the world
After having been teaching online using Adobe Connect web conferencing system since 2008, it was  time to stop and reflect upon its advantages and disadvantages. The purpose of this research paper is  to study the possibilities and challenges of online language teaching by focusing on the breakout room  feature of the Adobe Connect system. The aim is to investigate how the function supports or  challenges language learning from the students' and the teacher's viewpoint. In addition, the purpose  is to compare to what extent their experiences coincide. In this study the data consists of my own  observations as a language teacher using Adobe Connect breakout rooms. The data on students'  experiences was collected by conducting a survey in the virtual learning environment Optima. The equestionnaire  was replied by 29 students of business and business information systems using the  blended learning method at Oulu University of Applied Sciences. The students were inquired about  how well the breakout function serves language learning purposes in general and on the specific  lesson when the survey was carried out. Moreover, some technical background information was  collected on the hardware and software used. The survey and the teacher's observations indicated  that the breakout function succeeds in supporting the interactive nature of language learning. Most of  the challenges discovered were related to technology
The handbook of model job descriptions
How to market Kymenlaakso University of Applied Sciences and increase its competitiveness in Chinese market in order to attract more Chinese degree students.
Schoolteacher : a sociological study
Moving mosaic : exploring collegial collaboration as a way of indentifying and transforming the culture of dance teaching
The public accounting profession : problems and prospects
BIT 10th Anniversary Survey
Introduction to hospitality
Pursuit of knowledge : science as vocation
Career opportunities in travel and hospitality
Teaching as a profession : an essay in the philosophy of education
Prey
Legal aspects of physiotherapy
I'm good at history : what job can I get?
Introduction to kinesiology : studying physical activity
Ethical issues in youth work
Social and caring professions in European welfare states : Policies, services and professional practices
Work
Kitchen princess. 1
Organizing a Marketing Project – Ahead to Entrepreneurship-Campaign  : Case: Cursor Oy
Audit of the quality assurance system of Seinäjoki Polytechnic
Sustainability focused Master Degree Programme and Master's Thesis
The framework of teacherhood in art education
A primer for psychotherapists
Changes in teacher profession in Finland during the war years 1939-1945
Conceptual and comparative studies of continental and anglo-american professions
On air : a career in TV & radio
All day long : a portrait of Britain at work
Vocational teacher education in support of research and development skills among polytechnic teachers
Get in the game! : careers in the game industry
TAMK.today : news from Tampere University of Applied Sciences
Traditional occupations of indigenous and tribal peoples : emerging trends [ed. Virginia Thomas]
Careers : the graphic guide to finding the perfect job for you
A useful and fun book for any woman who has ever wanted, needed, lost, quit, hated, or loved a job. “Working Girl” (a.k.a. Karen Burns) has held a total of 59 jobs (so far), including housekeeper, cigarette girl, paper “boy”, model, ditch-digger, bank teller, editor, brochure writer, artist, and corporate drone. She made mistakes along the way, but extracted one important lesson from each job she has held. Working Girl now shares her hard-earned wisdom for the modern working woman with this series of 59 humorous yet practical vignettes, including guidance on: • Risk-taking and why it’s good • How to build self-confidence • Tips for managing your boss • When you’re not appreciated • Causes and cures for burnout • Balancing baby and boss • When it’s time to say adieu and 52 more! Whimsically illustrated with Working Girl cartoons, this is a fun, accessible advice book that deals with the real issues that are on the minds of working women (and not just those who are striving for the corner office!). No matter where a girl finds herself on the job ladder (from the bottom to the top), she’ll find that The Amazing Adventures of Working Girl will give her both perspective and a plan for success. -- Publisher description.
Revealing the love, heartbreak, and reality behind reality television, a former "Bachelor" contestant who quickly became the biggest villain in the history of the show, dishes on her fellow contestants and what really happened on and off the cameras.
The ECO guide to careers that make a difference
Green careers : choosing work for a sustainable future
Transformative Teaching and Learning by Developing
You can tell your kid will grow up to be a librarian when... : cartoons about the profession
Adapting to Finland through professional football : perceptions of players and coaches
Kitchen Princess. 3
Becoming a teacher : an inquiring dialogue for the beginning teacher
Kitchen Princess. 6
Tracing your seafaring ancestors : a guide to maritime photographs for family historians
Break into the game industry : how to get a job making video games
How to DJ (properly) : the art and science of playing records
Economic growth with political lobbying and wage bargaining
I'll never write my memoirs
Surviving in health care
Working for the enviroment : how to make a career of caring for the world we live in
Millers' tales : the construction of a professional identity in early modern texts
The opera singer's career guide : understanding the European Fach system
Richard Scarry's Busiest people ever
Art career guide : a guidance handbook for art students, teachers, vocational counselors, and job hunters
Lahti UAS ICT Projects 2015
Foundations of family and consumer sciences : careers serving individuals, families, and communities
The academic profession : national, disciplinary, and institutional settings
The designerʼs guide to business and careers : how to succeed on the job or on your own
The military profession in practice and theory : with a systematized and annotated bibliography
When I grow up
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 37, 2001
Communications technology : great careers for people interested in..
Student and Teacher Perceptions on Learning Languages through  Web Conferencing : Focus on Adobe Connect Breakout Rooms
TRADE UNIONISM AND WORKERS PROTECTION IN FINLAND : A  Case Study of PAM (PALVELUALOJEN AMMATTILITTO PAM ry)
Regardless of cultural or national specialities, the implications of higher education teaching are  a very special task. University organization is not just an ordinary learning environment. It is also  a research oriented scientific community, being responsible for global knowledge development and  education of high quality professionals, including teachers.  Training higher education teachers pedagogically will lead them to do a better job than untrained ones  might do. Pedagogical competence will add to a teacher's self-reliance. Since teaching is certainly one of  the most complex duties, the work community is expected to foster the developers of the field. How is a  teacher's self-constructed? Authentic collaboration and sharing experiences in teacher communities  would promote personal professional growth.  The affective domains and identity development of professionals should be nurtured. The social learning  theory offers a good framework. It is important to make models of practical implementations based on  theory.
A cook cooks chooks
Deconstructing “common sense”  : Normative ethics and decision-making  by sign language interpreters
Careers for crafty people & other dexterous types
Future learning and prior learning and recognition in vocational teacher education
Who am I? : the teacher identity construction of student teachers
Managing change : Case study: HAMK University of Applied Sciences, Valkeakoski
Craft and consciousness : occupational technique and the development of world images
"Mä nautin siitä vapaudesta mikä meillä on" : language teaching in universities of applied sciences
Teaching under pressure : looking at primary teachers' stress
The mental strategies of elite climbing Sherpas
We have evidence! : how vocational skills demonstrations have been implemented in practice : summary
NURSES` PERCEPTION OF THEIR KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERTISE IN BREAST CANCER CARE
Koulutuksen laatupalaute FUAS-ammattikorkeakouluissa = Quality feedback on education at FUAS institutions
Careers in fashion and textiles
Chez geek : house party edition
Educational innovation in Kazakhstan : the case of Bolashak Finland
Detachment and concern : conversations in the philosophy of teaching and teacher education
Medicine today
The professional identity of teachers of English
Lessons learned from connecting doctoral studies and academic research on entrepreneurship into teacher's work at University of Applied Sciences
Fashion design : process, innovation & practice
The third industrial revolution
We eat the mines and the mines eat us : dependency and exploitation in Bolivian tin mines
Teachers' life-cycle from initial teacher education to experienced professional : ATEE 2011 annual conference proceedings
Student ́s variegated well being : A survey of students ́ well being in HUMAK University of Applied Sciences
Student perspective on software development, processes and entrepreneurship in Finnish University of Applied Sciences
How to grow as a musician : what all musicians must know to succeed
Careers in film and video
Professions and professionalization
"In this book, Ikiugu and Pollard explore the notion of meaningfulness, in the light of Viktor Frankl's (1992) assertions that the will to meaning is the primary motivation for behavior in human existence, and that the frustration of the pursuit for meaning in the modern and Western world constituted what he termed 'existential vacuum', leading in turn to what he called 'noogenic neurosis' or 'the disease of meaninglessness' The authors then show how occupation can be used in meaning-making to counter the 'disease of meaninglessness'. Though the notion of the notion of meaningfulness is central to occupational therapy practice (AOTA, 2008), it has never really been investigated in depth in the profession's literature. This book is aimed at occupational therapy and occupational science students, occupational therapy clinicians, and occupational scientists." -- Publisher's information.
International handbook of research on teachers and teaching
What do grown-ups do all day?
The socialization of teachers
Becoming a digital designer : a guide to careers in web, video, broadcast, game and animation design
Comprehensive Internationalisation in Finnish Higher Education Institution : Case: Seinäjoki University of Applied Sciences
Maintworld
Working with children : How to find the right qualifications, training and job opportunities
Richard Scarry's what do people do all day?
Varieties of work experience : The social control of occupational groups and roles. A text with adapted original studies
"Sociology, Work and Industry has been restructured and updated throughout. It includes a newly written opening chapter which, in addition to explaining the distinctiveness of the sociological perspective, provides guidance on researching and analysing work practices and institutions. It will be essential reading for anybody studying the sociology of work, work organisations and industry."--BOOK JACKET.
Hospitality and tourism careers : a blueprint for success
Changing teachers, changing times : teachers' work and culture in the postmodern age
Praxiological efficiency in heterogeneous professional ethics
A world of work : imagined manuals for real jobs
Possibilities for strengthening the international orientation of Business Administration and Economics Faculty at Niederrhein University of Applied Sciences.
Occupations and society
Clinical effectiveness in practice
Vocational rehabilitation and Europe
True professionalism : the courage to care about your people, your clients, and your career
The look
Irving Penn : small trades
Careers in the hotel and tourism sector
Outcomes, learning and the curriculum : implications for NVQs, GNVQs and other qualifications
Health professions and occupations
Richard Scarry's busy, busy town
Professions and Professionalization
Construction of teacher identity in higher education
Working with your voice : the career guide to becoming a professional singer
The political economy of conscription
Kitchen princess. 2
How to be a graphic designer, without losing your soul
Mother of invention : how the government created free-market health care
Teacher students' school memories as a part of the development of their professional identity
Skills competitions in Finland for people with special needs
What do people do all day?
Occupational socialization and working lives
Nursing student-patient relationship : a review of the literature from 1984 to 1998
Music business handbook and career guide
The initiates : a comic artist and a wine artisan exchange jobs
Scandinavian journal of surgery : official organ for The Finnish Surgical Society and The Scandinavian Surgical Society
Working Community and Teachers' Professional Identity in Dialogue
Kesäkouluuun : sixth international summerschool on the digital library
Innovation competencies development : INCODE barometer and user guide
The travel industry : Careers in
Boundaries of an urban minority : the Helsinki Jewish community from the end of Imperial Russia until the 1970s
A teacher's avocations
Working as a nurse : how to make your career in a fulfilling profession
International standard classification of occupations ISCO-88
Images of social stratification : occupational structures and class
An anthology of Britain at work
Teacher research and educational reform : ninety-third yearbook of the National Society for the Study of Education, part 1
You choose
Occupations in the hotel tourist sector within the European community : a comparative analysis
Sociology in the professions
Just the job for dad
Personality and intelligence at work : exploring and explaining individual differences at work
When I grow up I want to be.
Foreign direct investment, expropriation, and unionization
American teachers : histories of a profession at work
Contextuality of Professionals in the Rural Areas of Northern Scandinavia
Note on the proceedins : Committee on Salaried Employees and Professional Workers, tenth session, Geneva 4-12 May, 1994
Careers in marketing, advertising and public relations
Incentive pay and career ladders for today's teachers : a study of current programs and practices
I'm good at geography : what job can I get?
Richard Scarry's busy, busy world
On call : surgery
Twenty-two years after becoming a teacher
Future theological professionals in Finland - a changing generation
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
That dog!
Learning languages for professions : a development project in tertiary-level language  instruction in Finland, 2005-2006
Entrepreneurial Profile of Higher Education Students : Häme University of Applied Sciences
Nurse's role in breaking bad news : literature review
OECD/CERI: teacher quality in Finland : policy and practice in five primary schools : summary of case studies
Careers! : professional development for retail and apparel merchandising
Ethics and the professions
Professional practices : commitment and capability in a changing environment
Class and hierarchy : the social meaning of occupations
Sociology, work, and industry
