http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11799 shipping companies
shipping companies
ACL expands to all three coasts
Facing up to the facts of island life
Interim report Finnlines 1 January - 30 September 2005.
The Successful Papenburg sisters
Singapore Cruise Centre utilises web-technology
Silja Line counts on fun on the ocean wave
Targeting accident prone ships by their behaviour and safety culture
Alfons Håkans 1945-2005 : the Alfons Håkans history and fleet list
Birka Cargo : a shipping company within the shipping company
Brand alliances dominate cruise marketing
Finnish maritime index : 06-07
Living in a motion : user-centered concepting in public spaces of the cruise ship concept
Consumer behaviour and brand awareness of Viking Fjord Vodka & Braastad Cognac in duty free markets : case: Tallink travel retail
Royal Caribbean's winter ship
Setting quality standards for total quality management : case study: Viking Line
Cruise ship deliveries continued at high levels
Sea & food
Specialised in high-quality shipping
A century of north west European ferries 1900-2000
Stena : a group fleet history
Foreign ocean tankers
Seabourn order signals growth
The legendary bird-class
The trade makers : Elder Dempster in West Africa, 1852-1972, 1973-1989
Godby shipping vessels 1973-2006
Corporate responsibility in shipping
On governance of quality shipping in the Baltic Sea : exploring collective action in polycentric contexts
Multiculture at Superfast ferries on a Baltic Sea
Näkökulmia risteilymatkustuksen historiaan = Perspektiv på kryssningsturismens historia = Perspectives on the history of cruise travel
The shipping world afloat and ashore : founded on lectures delivered at the City School of Commerce, Liverpool
This is the first detailed and comprehensive study of the shipshed complexes which housed the great navies of the Greco-Roman world, including Athens and Carthage. These complexes represented some of the largest and most expensive building projects of antiquity, and the volume provides a comprehensive survey of the archaeological and literary evidence. It explains how the buildings were carefully designed to keep warships dry and out of reach of shipworm, whilst enabling them to be launched quickly, easily and safely when required. It also serves as a handbook for archaeologists who may excavate such buildings, which are often difficult to identify and interpret. The analytical chapters are complemented by a full and detailed catalogue of known sheds, with plans for all the major sites specially drawn for easy comparison. The book thus provides an indispensable guide for all those interested in these buildings and in the maritime infrastructure of the ancient world.
On Governance of quality shipping in the Baltic Sea : exploring collective action in polycentric contexts
Finnish company with a Dutch touch
Tallink : the first 25 years
Working climate survey 2005.
Stena Bulk to conquer Russia from Finland
Costa Allegra : cruising Asia - Italian style
The first shipping barometer of 2009 : the through of the recession approaching
Global shipping in small nations : Nordic experiences after 1960
Birka Line : the Åland cruise company
Passenger ships for Indonesia
Asuka effect
Passenger ships of the world : a history in posters
Optimism gathers momentum
The Broström concern of shipping companies and their ships
Sevilla sisters : the following five for Nielsen
Norwegians know how to build cruise ships
Sevilla sisters : the first ten for Nielsen
The conway history of seafaring in the twentieth century
Information Flow Management in Port Agency for Final Disbursement Accounts (FDA) : Case Study: Supermaritime Company Limited, Ghana
Titanic lives : migrants and millionaires, conmen and crew
40 years of quality shipping : Godby Shipping 1973-2013
From rivers to oceans : Viking Cruises to re-invent cruising?
Power and design : Hans Langh's recipe for smooth winter navigation
Eckerö Linjen : a genuine Åland ferry company
Leif Höegh & Co a/s Oslo : the Firm and the Fleet
The Johnson Line, 1890-1990
East, South Caribbean ports inch upward
Negotiated risks : the Estonia accident and the stream of bow visor failures in the Baltic ferry traffic
The China bird : the history of Captain Killick, and the firm he founded, Killick Martin & Company
P&O : across the oceans, across the years : a pictorial voyage
Demand builds for new and second-hand ships
60 years of bulk shipments
'New ' Seabourn reaps HAL benefits
IMISS2013 : proceedings of the International Scientific Meeting for Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) in Shipping. 2nd International Maritime Incident and Near Miss Reporting Conference 11-12 June 2013, Kotka, Finland
Birka Cargo fleet list
Lloyd's maritime directory 1997. 1, Volume 1: shipowners, managers, operators
The purpose of this thesis; market research project has been to investigate the current state of consumer behavior and brand awareness in Tallink travel retail. Case: Viking Fjord Vodka and Braastad Cognac. Clear and well designed consumer research is needed to observe and explain Consumer Behavior has a direct effect on a company's success. Satisfied consumers are important to the company because they purchase the products regularly and they spread a positive word of mouth and thereby it is easier to build long term relationship with customers when the consumers are satisfied for the product. Satisfied consumers are ready to pay for the good products. High consumer satisfaction also improves company's reputation. For this case based research, the objective was to find out consumer behavior and brand awareness of vodka and cognac product. Arcus Finland Oy Ltd has not measured its products consumer satisfaction and brand awareness before. The primary purpose of this study is to investigate the structure of consumer behavior to make product purchases through travel retail. In the theory part Total Planned Behavior (TPB) method is used which is modified to this research; to asses the structure of the consumer decision making process. This research will give basis for developing the operations. The survey wad carried out in February 2005 by using quantitative research method. The data was collected by using an informed inquiry. The questionnaires were distributed to the Tallink travel retail consumers during the voyage.
Corporate social responsibility and shipping : views of Baltic Sea shipping companies on the benefits of responsibility
Strong year on the second hand market
Foreign ocean liners
Algorithms for price computation in shipment reservation systems
IMISS2013 : proceedings of the International Scientific Meeting for Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) in Shipping, 2nd International Maritime Incident and Near Miss Reporting Conference 11-12 June 2013, Kotka, Finland
The business of shipping
The Finnish Maritime Cluster
Cruising : a guide to the cruise line industry
The growth and dissolution of a large-scale business enterprise : the Furness interest 1892-1919
Principal shipping companies : an insight into 75 of the world's major liner carriers and their environment
Shipsheds of the ancient Mediterranean
Shipping conferences : a study of their origins, development and economic practices
The Linden saga : the tale of a ship, a peoples shipping company and its historical background
Five Baltic ports together : forecasts, trends and recommendations
Born international : the case of The Latvian Shipping Company
Cunard : a pictorial history 1840-1990
Suomen kuvitettu laivaluettelo 2001 = Finnish illustrated list of ships
Royal Caribbean international cookbook
Creating global opportunities : Maersk Line in containerisation 1973-2013
Caribbean congestion : problem or not?
Customer reporting system development in ship management company
Influences of corporate top management to safety in certain shipping companies in Finland and Åland
Dennis Maritime back in business
Swedish shipping register : 1948-1949
