http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11784 missionary work
missionary work
Into the lion's den : the Jesuit mission in Elizabethan England and Wales, 1580-1603
Sixty years of Finnish medical mission = Oomvula omilongo hamano dhEtumo lyuunamiti lyaSoomi
Minutes of the Assembly of the International Missionary Council, November 17-18, 1961, and of the First Meeting of the Commission on World Mission and Evangelism of the World Council of Churches, December 7-8, 1961 at New Delhi
The biblical foundations for mission
Black Elk's religion : Sun Dance and Lakota Catholicism
God and revelation in African context
Father Peter John de Smet : Jesuit in the West
Proceedings of the Union Lutheran Conference : Kikungshan Honan, China Aug. 23-27, 1917
The nature of Christianity in northern Tanzania : environmental and social change 1890-1916
International Bulletin of Missionary Research
International influences and Baptist mission in West Cameroon : German-American missionary endeavor under international mandate and British colonialism
A history of the Dalit Christians in India
Foundations for mission
Translation as mission : Bible translation in the modern missionary movement
Struggle to be human : stories of urban-industrial mission
Martyria/Mission : the witness of the Orthodox churches today
Christian missions in Pakistan : a survey
This bilingual, critical edition is the first English language translation of Antonio de la Calancha's Coronica moralizada (1638) and is contextualised in introductory essays that discuss the conquest and evangelisation of Peru, Inca politics of state, and which also draw out the radically different way of conceptualising human history - the collapse of time.
Something went wrong? / right! : real studies of leadership in cross-cultural ministry
The missionary obligation of the church : Willingen, Germany, July 5-17, 1952, International Missionary Council
Lutheran mission work among the American Indians
Paul in Athens : the popular religious context of acts 17
Although Pentecostalism worldwide represents the most rapidly growing missionary movement in Christian history, scholars from within and outside the movement have only recently begun academic reflection on the mission. This volume represents the coming of age of emerging scholarship on various aspects of the Pentecostal mission, including theological, historical, strategic, and practical aspects. The more than twenty authors from all five continents, men and women, academics, mission leaders, and practitioners, offer exciting perspectives on Pentecostal movements' contributions to the search of Christian unity in various global contexts.
No other Gospel! : Christianity among the world's religions
Suomenkielinen lähetyskirjallisuus 1800-luvulla = Finnish missionary literature in the 19th century
Sonjo resistance to Christian religion
Together in God's mission
Sisters from two worlds : the impact of the missionary work on the role and the life of women in Namibian church and society
Laici in ecclesia : [an ecumenical bibliography on the role of the laity in the life and mission of the church]
The Age of partnership : Europeans in Asia before dominion
Pastors, partners and paternalists : African church leaders and western missionaries in the Anglican church in Kenya, 1850-1900
This book explores the ways in which emotions were conceptualised and practised in Christian mission contexts from the 17th-20th centuries. The authors show how emotional practices such as prayer, tears, and Methodist 'shouting', and feelings such as pity, joy and frustration, shaped relationships between missionaries and prospective converts.
From liberation to reconstruction : African Christian theology after the Cold War
Swahili state and society : the political economy of an African language
Lähetyksen tulevaisuus : rapporti = Missionens framtid : rapport = The future of mission : report
The open secret : sketches for a missionary theology
How to start missionary work in new sending countries?
Study on church economy final report : submitted to the Commission on Church Cooperation April 1972
Doctors of body, soul and society : Scottish medical missionaries of the Livingstonia mission in Nyasaland 1875-1914
Journeys of liberation : joys and hopes for the future
Third culture kids' career choices and mission call
More blessed to give : a Pentecostal mission to Bolivia in anthropological perspective
Emotions and Christian missions : historical perspectives
Gaining by losing : why the future belongs to churches that send
The missionary, the catechist and the hunter : Foucault, protestantism and colonialism
African peoples, alongside other peoples of all generations with good genuine religions have had a sound saving knowledge of the One, True God before Christianity was introduced to them. This is so because the Divine Spirit responsible for this inspiration is not restricted to Christianity. Rather, it is incarnated in every sound and good religion in all the ages of humankind. The main conclusion of my Doctoral Thesis as summed up above has already raised healthy debate in various circles in Kenya and elsewhere. It is hoped that this book will be accessible to more readers than the original Thesis, and that it will raise vigorous discussions on this and related themes. -- “This book is a challenge to all those involved in mission and dialogue in Africa. They are cautioned to avoid the temptation to demand of prospective African converts to abandon their religious heritage as a prerequisite for admission to the Church of Christ. Rather, prospective converts to the Christian faith should be encouraged to digest the Gospel in accordance with their own understanding within their respective cultures. Only through this process can the Gospel become internalized cross-culturally.” Prof. Frans Wijsen, Radboud University, Netherlands. -- “This book imposes on the reader an argument so forcefully articulated that it I difficult to refute. Anyone involve in Christian missionary activity in Africa would be wise to take the book very seriously.” Prof. J.N.K Mugambi, University of Nairobi, Kenya
North Star : St. Herman of Alaska
Mission in Christ's way : an Orthodox understanding of mission
A Priest in Russia and the Baltic
Dictionary of mission theology : evangelical foundations
The Christian mission in the modern world
History of the christianization of the dioceses of Surigao and Butuan
The culture policy of the Basel Mission in the Cameroons 1886-1905
Converting the West : a biography of Narcissa Whitman
World missionary conference 1910 : monthly news sheet : December 1909
... that the Gospel may be sincerely preached throughout the world : a Lutheran perspective on mission and evangelism in the 20th century
"They did not want us to be here" : Finnish missionary activity in Northern Namibia and its first setbacks, 1869-1872
The Friday gospels
"Race" and the "civilizing mission" : their implications for the framing of Blackness and African personhood, 1800-1960 : an inaugural presentation
Angola : the land of the blacksmith prince
Concise dictionary of the Christian world mission
Records China Centenary Missionary Conference : held at Shanghai, April 25 to May 8, 1907.
Saving China : Canadian missionaries in the Middle Kingdom 1888-1959
World missionary conference 1910 (Edinburgh, June 14th-23rd) : monthly news sheet : January 1910
Christian presence amid African religion
Secular man and Christian mission : a discussion through correspondence
History of Protestantism in China : the indigenization of Christianity
Underwood of Korea : being an intimate record of the life and work of the Rev. H.G. Underwood, D.D., LL.D., for thirty-one years a missionary of the Presbyterian Board in Korea
The evangelisation of Pagan Africa : a history of Christian missions to the Pagan tribes of Central Africa
The poisonwood bible
Otjikango or gross barmen : the history of the first Rhenish Herero Mission Station in South West Africa 1844-1904
Eastern Orthodox mission theology today
Moratorium : a controversial issue in mission co-operation between African and Western Christians
Building a discipling culture : how to release a missional movement by disciplining people like Jesus did
China in the sixteenth century : the journals of Matthew Ricci : 1583-1610
Values : a magazine for international people living in Finland's capital area
Kerala and the Portuguese : travellers and the achievements of the Portuguese
Addresses and Bible studies delivered at the Summit on Baptist Mission in the 21st century May 5-8, 2003, Swanwick, England
The objective of this paper is to describe the survey on third culture kids' (TCKs') career choices and mission call. The survey aimed to find out how international childhood has influenced the choices of education and profession, how many third culture kids choose a missionary career, and which factors contribute to those choices. The data is based on responses of 48 Finnish and American adult missionary kids. The theoretical background is derived from studies on third culture kids, interviews, and biographies. It suggests that the years spent abroad have a significant impact on adult third culture kids' life choices. The survey results confirm that. The third culture kids have higher education than their peers and most pursue a college or university degree. Most third culture kids choose a profession with an international dimension and practical application abroad. Almost half of the missionary kids wish to become or have become missionaries themselves, and another third wishes to live and work abroad..
Holistic development of the Human Factor (HM) elements as the foundation of good leadership character and the key to success in transformational development
Operation world
Hongkong Lutheran Missions Conference : 3rd annual meeting May 7, and 27, 1955.
Earthen vessels : American evangelicals and foreign missions, 1880-1980
Common witness : Basic Policy on Mission of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland
World missionary conference 1910 : monthly news sheet : October 1909
A song for Nagasaki
Making Sadza With Deaf Zimbabwean Women : A Missiological Reorientation of Practical Theological Method
Report of conference on women, human rights and mission, Venice, Italy, June 24-30, 1979
Stewardship : our accountability to God : documentation from the LWF/DMD international consultation on stewardship in Bulawayo, Zimbabwe : 8-12 November 1993
The Jesuit missions to China and Peru, 1570-1610 : expectations and appraisals of expansionism
Mission in African christianity : critical essays in missiology
St. Nikolai Kasatkin and the Orthodox mission in Japan : a collection of writings by an international group of scholars about St. Nikolai, his disciples, and the mission
The book of strange new things
Mission in Christ's way : Bible studies
Together in mission
The collapse of time : the martyrdom of Diego Ortiz (1571) by Antonio de la Calancha [1638]
Mother Teresa
The proceedings of the meeting of the directors and sponsors of the Laymen's Foreign Missions Inquiry and representitives of foreign mission boards
Health is wholeness : the Limuru Conference, February 1970.
No longer strangers : selected writings of bishop K. H. Ting
Identity and marginality : rethinking Christianity in North East Asia
Report of the Jerusalem Meeting of the International Missionary Council, March 24th. - April 8th., 1928. Volume 7, International missionary co-operation
"Learning the culture is a kind of working tool" : the acculturation and adaptation of Finnish development co-operation workers and missionaries in East Africa
The missionary factor in East Africa
Uhuru and Harambee : Kenya in search of freedom and unity
At the margins of orthodoxy : mission, governance, and confessional politics in Russia's Volga-Kama region, 1827-1905
Christian missionary activity in the early Middle Ages
Mission Namibia : challenges and opportunities for the church in the 21st century
Catholicism in China, 1900-present : the development of the Chinese Church
Pentecostal mission and global Christianity
A spirituality of the road
The missionary enterprise in China and America
Mission in context : transformation, reconciliation, empowerment : an LWF contribution to the understanding and practice of mission
Christian mission to Muslims : the record : Anglican and Reformed approaches in India and the Near East, 1800-1938
With stethoscope in Asia : Korea
Friend raising : building a missionary support team that lasts
A history of Christian missions
Foreign missions conference of North America ... 1935 : report of the forty-second annual meeting of the Conference of Foreing Missions boards in Canada and in the United Sates
The role of mission in the future of Lutheran theology
Ortodoksia. 56, [Teema: Kirkon missio = Theme: Mission of the Church]
World missionary conference 1910 (Edinburgh, June 14th-23rd) : monthly news sheet : March 1910
How churches grow : the new frontiers of mission
Mission on the way : issues in mission theology
Orthodox mission : calendar of the Archbishopric of Kenya 2000 = Orthodoxī hierapostolī : himerologion Hieras Mītropoleōs Kenyas 2000
Report to the final Assembly of the International Missionary Council and the third Assembly of the World Council of Churches
Recovering the past : Celtic and Roman mission
Earthly mission: the Catholic Church and world development
Secular institutes : A Symposium [A symposium on the modern lay community]
Monks and mission in the Eastern Church : during the 4th century
Ethnocide : mission accomplished?
Democracy and mission education in Korea
The role of a non-governmental organization in the improvement of employment in Finland : a case study of Jyväskylän Katulähetys ry in the city of Jyväskylä
Presenting Christ to India today : three addresses and a Sermon delivered to the Synod of The Church of South India Tiruchirappalli, January 1956
Catholicism, culture, conversion: the history of the Jesuits in Albania (1841-1946)
In search of the Karen King : a study in Karen identity with special reference to 19th Century Karen Evangelism in Northern Thailand
The Presentation of Christianity to Moslems : The Report of a Committee Appointed by the Board of Missionary Preparation
In Jesus Christ - a new community : study contribution of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Hungary to the Sixth Assembly of the Lutheran World Federation in Dar-es-Salaam, 1977
C. T. Studd : athlete and pioneer
This book essays by NETS faculty members who bring with them a rich ministry experience in churches and para-church organisations in Namibia and other countries. Each essay is a sustained reflection on a particular aspect of Christian mission and ministry in Namibia and beyond. Thorsten Prill looks at both the challenges and opportunities for the Church in Namibia. He argues that para-church organisations with their focus on evangelism, church-planting and theological training have a significant role to play. In a second essay he identifies key issues in mission today and challenges churches, mission organisations and mission partners to be caught up in a missionary movement with God. Basilius Kasera demonstrates that the use of traditional African names for God as representatives of the God of the Bible is problematic as it leads to a distorted understanding of the biblical revelation. Such an approach fails to distinguish clearly between the revelation of Yahweh and the idols Africans have always worshipped. In a further article Basilius Kasera discusses the dangers of prosperity gospel teaching for the Namibian Church. Simon Gillham argues that the models and assumptions behind theological education in Africa have been largely imported from the west. Using the biblical metaphor of a tree representing spiritual maturity, he explores what roots, what fruits and what species of theological education might be most appropriate for the African context. Victor Kuligin examines the general state of the Namibian Church in light of the well-known statement that faith without deeds is dead . He argues that there is a discrepancy between the claim of being a Christian country and the lifestyle and conduct of many Namibian church members. He finds an answer for this disconnect in the second chapter of the New Testament letter of James. Achim Rieger believes that local church leadership should be, first and foremost, trained in the local church given the socio-economic conditions in Namibia. He shows that the training strategy used by the apostle Paul can be a viable option for the Namibian Church. Spencer Tjijenda examines the spiritual condition of the Herero-Banderu people before and during the missionary period. He argues that the evaluation of pioneer missionary Carl Hugo Hahn was not only true but was also motivated by deep concern and love for this Namibian people group an attitude that is still relevant for God's mission in Namibia today. --Provided by publisher.
The Finnish mission societyś political image of Africa
Trinitarian faith and today's mission
Multiplying the loaves: the Bible in mission and evangelism
Conflict and conversion : Catholicism in Southeast Asia, 1500-1700
The Khasis
Orthodox perspectives on mission
Findings of the Third Hunan Missionary Conference : including an account of the conference, an historical sketch of mission work in Hunan, statistics of present missionary occupation with map and missionary directory : Changsha, June 24th to 27th, 1913.
British protestant missions
Missio Nordica : bibliografi över nordisk missionslitteratur = bibliography of Nordic mission literature. 1990, vol. 2
The Missionary, the Catechist and the Hunter examines the role of Protestantism in the Danish colonization of Greenland and shows how the process of colonization entails a process of subjectification where the identity of indigenous population is transformed. The figure of the hunter, commonly regarded as quintessential Inuit figure is traced back to the efforts of the Greenlandic intelligentsia to distance themselves from the hunting lifestyle by producing an abstract hunter identity in Greenlandic literature.--
Records of the General Conference of the Protestant Missionaries of China : held at Shanghai, May 7-20, 1890.
Mission and development : God's work or good works?
The Finnish Missionary Society : a short review
International review of mission
Mission schools in Batakland (Indonesia), 1861-1940
From pioneer mission to autonomous church : Lutheran mission cooperation and church building in Thailand 1976-1994
Thomas Crosby and the Tsimshian : small shoes for feet too large
Basel mission industries in Malabar and South Canara: 1834-1914 : a study of its social and economic impact
World missionary conference 1910 : monthly news sheet : November 1909
Report on study on church economy. Part II : presented in Geneva, Switzerland August 1971
Together towards life : mission and evangelism in changing landscapes : with a practical guide
Empire in Africa : Angola and its neighbors
Mission possible? : the Basel mission collection reflecting cultural encounters
Zulu Zion and some Swazi zionists
African teachers on the colonial frontier : Tswana evangelists and their communities during the nineteenth century
The Jiangyin Mission Station : an American missionary community in China, 1895-1951
A tent-making ministry : towards a more flexible form of ministry
Religion and social change : a sociological study of Seventh-day Adventism in Kenya
Mission in a pluralist world
Facing diversity : the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland from 2004 to 2007
Revolution in missions : from foreign missions to the world mission of the church
Paul's visit to Athens, in particular the Areopahus speech, is one of the most well known excerpts of early Christian literature. It is the most significant speech by Paul to a Gentile audience in Acts functioning as a literary crest of the overall narrative. Yet critical analysts also describe it as an ad hoc blend of Green and Jewish elements. In this study, Clare K. Rothschild examines how the nexus of popular second-century traditions crystallizing around the Cretan prophet Epimenides explains these seemingly miscellaneous and impromptu aspects of the text. Her investigation exposes correspondences between Epimenidea and the Lukan Paul, not limited to the altar "to an unknown god" and the saying, "In him, we live, and move, and have our being" (17:28a), concluding that in addition to popular philosophical ideals, the episode of Paul in Athens utilizes popular 'religious' topoi to reinforce a central narrative aim.
Partnership and power : a quest for reconstruction in mission
The mission of the Church and the propagation of the faith : papers read al the seventh Summer meeting and the eighth Winter meeting of the Ecclesiastical History Society
Church growth and the whole Gospel : a biblical mandate
Die finse sendinggenootskap en Die evangeliese lutherse ovambokavangokerk = The Finnish Missionary Society and The Evangelical Lutheran Ovambokavango Church : (1859-1959)
The Holy Spirit and mission : report of the CWME Orthodox Advisory Group, Holy Cross Orthodox School of Theology, Boston, June 17-24, 1990.
Matthew and mission : the Gospel through Jewish eyes
Drafts for sections : prepared for the Fourth Assembly of the World Council of Churches : Uppsala, Sweden 1968.
"This volume provides an important resource for those wishing to gain an overview of significant issues in contemporary missiology whilst understanding how they are applied in particular contexts. Contributors from across the globe and from different Christian traditions explore foundations for mission. The chapters examine in what ways experience, the Bible, and theology are foundational for mission and how they together inform the missional thought of different traditions. The book also raises questions about the continued use of foundations as a helpful metaphor mission reflection and impetus. Graduate students and scholars surveying the field will find this a useful and accessible way to understand changing trends within mission studies." --Publisher's descriprion.
St Paul and the church of the gentiles
Missionary encounters : sources and issues
Pathfinders of the world missionary crusade
Missionary teachers as agents of colonialism : a study of their activities in Uganda, 1877-1925
"Explores the relationship between environment and social change on Mt. Kilimanjaro and Mt. Meru during the German colonial period (1890-1916)"--Provided by the publisher.
Mission and development : Finnish Pentecostal, Lutheran and Orthodox mission agencies in development work in Kenya 1948-1989
Essays in theology and liturgy. Vol. 2, Challenges and opportunities : the church in her mission to the world
The modern Assyrians of the Middle East : encounters with Western Christian missions, archaeologists, and colonial powers
Go forth in peace : Orthodox perspectives on mission
Guide to the ELCT Northern Diocese Archive in Moshi, Tanzania 1906-1993
