http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11710 use of money
use of money
The  no cooking cookbook
Spent : memoirs of a shopping addict
Economic impact of museums
The cardinal's hat : money, ambition and housekeeping in a Renaissance court
Rajahaastattelututkimus = Border interview survey. Osa 11 = Part 11, Ulkomaiset matkailijat Suomessa kesällä 2001 : 1.6 - 30.9.2001 = Foreign tourists in Finland during the summer 2001 : 1 June  - 30 Septemberl 2001.
The money code : improve your entire financial life right now
The no spend year : how I spent less and lived more
Crass struggle : greed, glitz, and gluttony in a wanna-have world
Mobile money transfer: A focus on the impact and usage
Mrs Moneypenny's financial advice for independent women
Worthy : boost your self-worth to grow your net worth
Happy money : the new science of smarter spending
Unfair advantage : the power of financial education : what schools will never teach you about money
Nice girls don't get rich : 75 avoidable mistakes women make with money
How to eat better for less money : with a helpful supplement on budget wines and spirits
Credit, fashion, sex : economies of regard in Old Regime France
Financial abuse of the deaf and hard of hearing
The millionaire next door : the suprising secrets of American wealthy
The secret life of money : everyday economics explained
Money magic : seven simple steps to true financial freedom
The landscape of consumption : shopping streets and cultures in Western Europe, 1600-1900
Plan for adoption of the euro 2001/2002
Rich dad's who took my money? : why slow investors lose and fast money wins
For decades, the mortgage lending industry has abused the trust of the Deaf community, despite legal and charitable efforts to protect and support Deaf homeowners. Financial Abuse of the Deaf and Hard of Hearing Exposed spotlights these abuses and tells the stories of the people hurt by careless or even intentional exploitation of their disability.  Each story ties into an in-depth analysis of the factors that led to the mistreatment of Deaf clients and the harmful results of even simple misunderstandings. Together, these stories illustrate issues of communication and potentially harmful assumptions that can lead to abuse. The final chapters explore the simple, concrete steps that any lender can take to avoid these issues and better understand and serve Deaf homeowners.  The fact that this abuse perpetuates itself year after year, across the United States, is a call to action for respectful and ethical treatment of the Deaf community and, indeed, all clients. Find out what YOU can do to fight apathy and take action against this hidden injustice.
When we feel that we aren't enough, or that we aren't good enough, we also fear that we'll never have enough. Money. We love it. We hate it. If we don't have enough, we're struggling to get more. If we do have it, we're fighting to hold on to it. Why does money have to be such a source of anxiety? Is it possible to find a balance? Yes! According to integrative life coach Nancy Levin, the real key to creating financial freedom isn't changing what we do, it's changing how we feel--and that requires more than just learning how to invest. In Worthy, Nancy makes an essential, eye-opening connection: the state of our net worth is a direct reflection of our self-worth. Then she shows us how to get to the root of the problem and do the internal work that's needed to replace feelings of unworthiness with a stronger sense of our own value. Filled with inspiring real-life stories and thought-provoking questions and answers, her 10-step plan helps us to: Get real about the money issues we face every day; Examine the excuses we use to avoid creating the life we really want; Be willing to see ourselves as worthy of abundance in all its forms; Take back our financial power--and watch amazing things start to happen. Whether we're looking for financial ease or a new relationship with money and ourselves, Worthy will give us the tools to clear the path for wholeness, fulfillment, and richness in all areas of our lives, not just in our bank accounts.
The opposite of spoiled : raising kids who are grounded, generous, and smart about money
The psychology of money
No more champagne : Churchill and his money
The legacy family : the definitive guide to creating a successful multigenerational family
What is money?
"Separate Islands" : challenges of financial and debt counselors' work
A social and economic theory of consumption
How rich people think
Orchids on your budget, or, live smartly on what you have
Rich bitch : a simple 12-step plan for getting your financial life together...finally
Consumerism, romance, and the wedding experience
Impacts of agri-environmental policies on land allocation and land prices
"This is an ideal resource for Postgraduate Students and Researchers in the Sociology and Geography of Financial Markets, Consumer Culture, Family Sociology, and Economics (social economy of households)"--Provided by publisher.
Rajahaastattelututkimus = Border interview survey. Osa 12, Ulkomaiset matkailijat Suomessa vuonna 2001 : 1.1 - 31.12.2001 = Foreign visitors in Finland  in 2001 : 1 January  - 31 December 2001
Scarcity : why having too little means so much
The family economy : nature and management of resources
Stop acting rich : ...and start living like a real millionaire
Savvy chic : the art of more for less
Local economic impacts of national park visitors' spending : the development process of an estimation method
The economics of household behaviour
The modern girl's survival guide : 120 life-coaching steps for success with money, career and romance
Personal finance in your 20s for dummies
Economic education for consumers
Rajahaastattelututkimus = Border interview survey. Osa 7, ulkomaiset matkailijat Suomessa talvella 1999-2000 : 1.11.1999-30.4.2000 = foreign tourists in Finland during the winter 1999-2000
Spending my money
Rajahaastattelututkimus = Border interview Survey. Osa 8, Ulkomaiset matkailijat Suomessa kesällä 2000 : 1.6.-30.9.2000 = Foreign Tourists in Finland during the Summer 2000
The management of family resources
The Theory of the Leisure Class
Consumer India : inside the Indian mind and wallet
Does education matter? : spending preferences of Finnish university students on budgetary issues
Michelle McGagh has been writing about money for over a decade. You'd think that would make her a whizz with her own cash, right? Wrong! Spending with abandon and ignoring bank statements were her modus operandi. Just because she wasn't in serious debt, apart from her massive London mortgage, she thought she was in control. She wasn't. Then Michelle discovered minimalism and sold 80% of her belongings. This was the first step to reining in her finances, and the second was to apply minimalism to her spending habits with a year-long spending ban. The aim: to pay off a huge chunk of her mortgage. She pays her bills and she has a minimal budget for her weekly groceries and household essentials but otherwise Michelle doesn't spend any money at all. She is finding creative ways to get the things she needs, to travel and to still be able to enjoy her time. Not only has she saved money but she is happier: no longer feeling the desire to buy things all the time or feeling the pressure of being sold. Her relationship with money, with things, with time, with others has changed for the better. This book is perfect for people who are by no means badly off but who often find themselves desperately waiting for pay day and wondering how on earth they frittered away their salary, who spend over GBP650 a year on their daily latte, who pop into Tesco Extra for a pint of milk and come out with GBP20 of random shopping, who never read their bank statements and who would like to learn how to set themselves up for a better life, buy their own home or prepare for their children's future or retirement. The No Spend Year is honestly written and talks about money in an approachable and entertaining way. Interspersed throughout are really brilliant personal finance tips and life hacks about interest, mortgages, savings, spending less to help you live a more financially secure life too.
In BUYOLOGY, Lindstrom, who was voted one of Time Magazine's most influential people of 2009, presents the astonishing findings from his groundbreaking, three-year, seven-million-dollar neuromarketing study, a cutting-edge experiment that peered inside the brains of 2,000 volunteers from all around the world as they encountered various ads, logos, commercials, brands, and products. His startling results shatter much of what we have long believed about what seduces our interest and drives us to buy. Filled with entertaining inside stories about how we respond to well-known brands.
Art of grocery shopping : a case study of a handicapped youngster
The art of money : the history and design of paper currency from around the world
Real world personal finance
Nonprofit Kit for dummies
Why didn't they teach me this in school? : 99 personal money management principles to live by
Everything I ever needed to know about economics I learned from online dating
Cash, savings and all that stuff : a guide to money and how to manage it
Calendar of the fine rolls of the reign of Henry III : preserved in The National Archives
Coin-operated Americans : rebooting boyhood at the video game arcade
The Economic impact of tourism in Eastern Uusimaa region of Finland 2009
Potluck cookery : 320 answers to the problem of "left-overs", answers to "nothing-in-the-house" puzzle, money-saving, time-saving, easy-to-follow royal roads to original cooking with what you have on hand in the cupboard or refrigerator
Consumer culture and personal finance : money goes to market
21st-century etiquette : Charlotte Ford's guide to manners for the modern age
The budget kit : the common cents money management workbook
When changing a lightbulb just isn't enough
Consumer spending continues strong
The purchase of intimacy
Low-cost living : live better, spend less
Rich dad's cashflow quadrant : rich dad's guide to financial freedom
When it comes to protecting your financial future, starting sooner rather than later is the smartest thing you can do. This hands-on guide provides you with the targeted financial advice you need to establish firm financial footing in your 20s and to secure your finances for years to come.
Spousonomics : using economics to master love, marriage, and dirty dishes
"Why aren't I as wealthy as I should be?" Many people ask this question of themselves all the time. Often they are hard-working, well educated middle- to high-income people. Why, then, are so few affluent. For nearly two decades the answer has been found in the bestselling The Millionaire Next Door: The Surprising Secrets of America's Wealthy, reissued with a new foreword for the twenty-first century. According to the authors, most people have it all wrong about how you become wealthy in America. Wealth in America is more often the result of hard work, diligent savings, and living below your means than it is about inheritance, advance degrees, and even intelligence. The Millionaire Next Door identifies seven common traits that show up again and again among those who have accumulated wealth. You will learn, for example, that millionaires bargain shop for used cars, pay a tiny fraction of their wealth in income tax, raise children who are often unaware of their family's wealth until they are adults, and, above all, reject the big-spending lifestyles most of us associate with rich people. In fact, you will learn that the flashy millionaires glamorized in the media represent only a tiny minority of America's rich. Most of the truly wealthy in this country don't live in Beverly Hills or on Park Avenue-they live next door.
Money in the family : financial organisation and women's responsibility
"Video gaming: it's a boy's world, right? That's what the industry wants us to think. Why and how we came to comply are what Carly A. Kocurek investigates in this provocative consideration of how an industry's craving for respectability hooked up with cultural narratives about technology, masculinity, and youth at the video arcade.From the dawn of the golden age of video games with the launch of Atari's Pong in 1972, through the industry-wide crash of 1983, to the recent nostalgia-bathed revival of the arcade, Coin-Operated Americans explores the development and implications of the "video gamer" as a cultural identity. This cultural-historical journey takes us to the Twin Galaxies arcade in Ottumwa, Iowa, for a close look at the origins of competitive gaming. It immerses us in video gaming's first moral panic, generated by Exidy's Death Race (1976), an unlicensed adaptation of the film Death Race 2000. And it ventures into the realm of video game films such as Tron and WarGames, in which gamers become brilliant, boyish heroes.Whether conducting a phenomenological tour of a classic arcade or evaluating attempts, then and now, to regulate or eradicate arcades and coin-op video games, Kocurek does more than document the rise and fall of a now-booming industry. Drawing on newspapers, interviews, oral history, films, and television, she examines the factors and incidents that contributed to the widespread view of video gaming as an enclave for young men and boys.A case study of this once emergent and now revived medium became the presumed enclave of boys and young men, Coin-Operated Americans is history that holds valuable lessons for contemporary culture as we struggle to address pervasive sexism in the domain of video games--and in the digital working world beyond. "--
Unit Price : a modern method for consumer price information
Kotitalouksien kulutusmenot 1996 = Hushållens konsumtionsutgifter 1996 = Household consumption expenditure 1996.
Happy money : the science of happier spending
How to spend less without being miserable
Buy ology : truth and lies about why we buy
5:2 your life : how the revolutionary 5:2 approach can transform your health, wealth and happiness
We won the lottery : real life winner stories
Focus on personal finance : an active approach to help you develop successful financial skills
"This volume brings together research on retailing and shopping and their embeddedness in urban space, themes that have attracted wide interest in recent decades. Addressing these themes over an era that bridges the early modern and modern period, the authors argue that the 'modernity' of the nineteenth century is often overemphasised, at the expense of recognising the continuities with the earlier period and the degree of innovation that took place before the onset of 'modernity'. This collection compares long-term developments in retail locations, retailing formats, regulation of shopping streets, and the cult of shopping for pleasure across a number of neighbouring countries and regions (Britain, France, Germany, Belgium and The Netherlands), and offers surprising new insights into the processes of cultural transfer, appropriation and exchange. "--
All about money
Cash management behavior of firms and its structural change in an emerging money market
Making money in sixteenth-century France : currency, culture, and the state
Just give money to the poor : the development revolution from the global South
How to give up shopping (or at least cut down) : the journey back to conscious spending
Consumed : rethinking business in the era of mindfulness
Dr Graham Lawler's Back to the black : how to get out of debt and stay out of debt
Consumer education for adults : thematic guidelines
How to live on less : a guide to everyday budgeting and self-sufficiency
