http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11754 repetition
repetition
Reduplication : doubling in morphology
The live sound manual
Repetition in the French version of Samuel Beckett's Company
Architecture : form, space & order
My dad thinks he's funny
Design of streaming media panoramic video system based on WebGL
Audio wiring guide : how to wire the most popular audio and video connectors
The incredible music machine
Cross-layer optimized video streaming in heterogeneous wireless networks
Valve amplifiers
Morphology at the interfaces : reduplication and noun incorporation in Uto-Aztecan
Repetition and identity
High performance loudspeakers
innerworldaudio : sound, music, design
Repetition in discourse : interdisciplinary perspectives. Volume 2
Parallelism and the composition of oral narratives in Banda Eli
Microvariation in syntactic doubling
Practical recording techniques
Difference and repetition
Architecture - form, space, & order
Becoming-girl of writing : Monika Fagerholm's Diva as minor literature
"Said a word, uttered thus" : structures and functions of parallelism in Arhippa Perttunen's poems
Estonian reduplication in action sequences
The loudspeaker design cookbook
iConnected : use AirPlay, iCloud, apps, and more to bring your Apple devices together
Cloud atlas
Recovery through repetition : returning to prior talk and taking a stance in American-English and Finnish conversations
Streaming content in real-time : the problems that providers confront with live streaming
An introduction to each of the iPod's onboard applications: connecting to the internet, sending and receiving e-mail, listening to music, watching videos, and synchronizing calendars.  In addition there are hints, tips and suggestions to make the most of the iPod's hidden potential.
The art of the amplifier
Practical recording. 1 : microphones / Norbert Pawera
What hi-fi? : Helsinki
Parallelism in verbal art and performance : pre-print papers of the seminar-workshop 26th–27th May 2014, Helsinki, Finland
Auto audio : choosing, installing, and maintaining car stereo systems
Studies in neurolinguistics. Vol. 4
The course of the heart : a novel
On Repetition aims to unpack the different uses and functions of repetition within contemporary performance, dance practices, craft and writing. The collection, edited by Eirini Kartsaki, explores repetition in relation to intimacy, laughter, technology, familiarity and fear - proposing a new vocabulary for understanding what is at stake in works that repeat. Drawing on psychoanalysis, philosophy, linguistics, sociology and performance studies – and employing case studies from a range of practices – the essays presented here combine to form a unique interdisciplinary exploration of the functions of repetition in contemporary culture.
The recording engineer's handbook
Viivan kulku = The way of the line / Hannu Castrén
Designing, building, and testing your own speaker system with projects
iPod & iTunes for dummies
The repeating image : multiples in French painting from David to Matisse
Special event production : the resources
Expanding video business models beyond television : case: Live Stream Finland
Teleamp UI is thesis made for the parent project Teleamp which is designed by the company Telesilmukka Oy. It is the web based central monitoring and controlling system. Teleamp UI was executed by using different web development tools and languages. Laravel 5.2 was the PHP framework used, OpenLayers mapping library was used to create the interactive map. Chart.js was implemented to create the charting functionality.
The role of repetitions and reformulations in court proceedings : a comparison of Sweden and Bulgaria
Taking your iPod touch to the max
Semiotics of religion : signs of the sacred in history
Testing loudspeakers
On repeat : how music plays the mind
Modern recording techniques
Rhetorically speaking : repetition and repair in making a point
Test CD
Ibidem. Master's thesis booklet 1
The tube amp book
Gold stereo and surround sound set-up disc
"Over 66 basic aspects of architecture are comprehensively covered with over 5,000 words in a visual context, to help visual thinkers clarify meanings. Comprehensive index permits the reader to locate any important word in the text. Oversized pages help present complicated material in easy-to-comprehend spreads. - Written by one of the most famous architectural authors --Frank Ching's name alone is a key selling feature for this book--he has earned the respect and trust of designers, design educators, and students around the world"--
Audio explained
Sound reproduction : loudspeakers and rooms
Concert sound : tours, techniques & technology
Hi-fi news : Espoo
Sound system engineering
Kuvan jälkeen : [kokoelmat : Nykytaiteen museo Kiasma, 11.1.2008- 11.1.2009] = Image and after : [collection : Museum of Contemporary Art Kiasma, Helsinki, 11.1.2008- 11.1.2009] / [toimittaja = editor: Eija Aarnio ; toimituskunta = editorial staff: Leevi Haapala, Inkamaija Iitiä, Alina Mänttäri, Marja Sakari]
Since its publication in 1968, Difference and Repetition, an exposition of the critique of identity, has come to be considered a contemporary classic in philosophy and one of Gilles Deleuze's most important works. The text follows the development of two central concepts, those of pure difference and complex repetition. It shows how the two concepts are related, difference implying divergence and decentring, repetition being associated with displacement and disguising. The work moves deftly between Hegel, Kierkegaard, Freud, Althusser and Nietzsche to establish a fundamental critique of Western metaphysics, and has been a central text in initiating the shift in French thought away from Hegel and Marx, towards Nietzsche and Freud.
inner/WORLD/AUDIO : sound, music, design
Parallelism, mode, medium and orders of representation
Characterizing and minimizing spurious responses in Delta-Sigma modulators
An introduction to music technology
Hi-fi world
Thought patterns and emergence of reality
Transformation of the recorded music industry to the digital age : a review of technology-driven changes in the EU copyright framework focusing on their effect on digital music markets
Comparing valve and transistor amplifiers
Double exposures : repetition and realism in nineteenth-century German fiction
Musematic and discursive repetition : a study of repetition in popular music analysis
Summaries (s. 299-309).
Designing utterances for action : verb repeat responses to assessments
Introducing sign language literature : folklore and creativity
Parallelism in Karelian laments
Parallelism and musical structures in Kalevala-metric poetry
The beauty of Zentangle : inspirational examples from 137 tangle artists worldwide
Overview and Appliance of Some Streaming Media Software Solutions : case: streaming media technology applied to distance education in Huatai Securities Co., Ltd
On repetition : writing, performance & art
Hi-fi news & record review: Helsinki
Hi-fi choice : Helsinki
Cockfosters is a funny, frank and forceful story collection dealing with ageing, ambition and the patterns of repetition and renewal found in long friendships and marriages. It opens irresistible new windows onto the world from Arizona to Dubai and from Moscow to Berlin. Turning both a panoramic and a zoom lens on the way we live now, these stories range through hitch-hiking in Bohemian forest-land to cresting the waves of the Aegean to the mending of hearts and the recovery of lost property at the end of the Piccadilly Line. Helen Simpson writes with great warmth, wit and candour about the complexities of modern life, and this new collection shows why she is hailed as one of the best short story writers at work in the world today.
Over & over : a catalog of hand-drawn patterns
Repetition in discourse : interdisciplinary perspectives. Volume 1
Perceived differences in recordings produced with four 5.0 surround microphone techniques
Recording tips for engineers : for cleaner, brighter tracks
Live sound for the performing musician
What hi-fi? : Espoo
Recovery through repetition:returning to prior talk and taking a stance in American-English and Finnish conversations
Handbook of recording engineering [fourth edition]
Building valve amplifiers
The infinite line : re-making art after modernism / Briony Fer
Design principles : basics creative photography 01
PA Design and Optimization : a closer look to the factors and steps needed to achieve a good sound.
Audio system test
Going pro with Cubase 6
A visual dictionary of architecture
Speaking the unspeakable : representing trauma in Martin Ames's Time's arrow and Caryl Phillips's The nature of blood
Practical recording techniques : the step-by-step approach to professional audio recording
Ipod touch for dummies
Teleamp UI
Cockfosters
Architecture : form, space, & order
How to design and install high performance car stereo
