http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11726 productisation
productisation
Branding governance : a participatory approach to the brand building process
Internal branding in high technology environment : measuring employee-brand relationship through brand identity concept
The thesis focuses on new product development (NPD) of ICT services. NPD is a well researched field. However, its background in production of manufactured goods leaves a gap in terms of how the theories fit to the NPD of services. The thesis investigates the use of NPD in the context of ICT services. The thesis provides the design rationale for the development work done in TietoEnator Processing and Network Oy, which further developed the Concorde NPD model stage-gate approach and Develop-stage of the model. The model was described as a process, which enabled clarifying inputs, outputs, activities, tools and roles. The thesis uses theories and methods from NPD management, service management, process management and knowledge management to build a theoretical framework for NPD of ICT services. These are categorized to conceptual, utilitarian and strategic core theories and applied to support the Concorde NPD model and a related maturity model. While the diverse theoretical background creates a vast landscape of options, current state analysis is used to find the main focus areas. The maturity model is build to describe relationships of model development areas as well as to the larger issue of product lifecycle management (PLM). The thesis work is based on constructive research. The main interest was solving a managerial problem (i.e. how to further develop Concorde NPD model manageability) through development of a construct (the NPD process model and supporting material) by using empirical analysis (through active observation through participation to NPD projects, interviews and existing documentation review) and theoretical analysis (through NPD and related theory review). The construct was validated based on review rounds of material and interviews. The thesis uses academic and trade books as well as articles as background for the theoretical part of the constructive research. Empirical part was based on available documentation of the Concorde model, a set of interviews of NPD workers and people working on related area in other TietoEnator business areas (i.e. strategic business units) beyond TietoEnator Oy and active observation based on participation to NPD projects. The main output of the development work was a  revised NPD approach, which was process driven and contained linkages to the larger frame of PLM and to the maturity model. The maturity model indicates that while initial improvement efforts in NPD alone are possible, in the long term NPD improvement is limited unless PLM is driven as a process. The current Concorde-model processes supports only a subset of PLM. While many of the areas of NPD can be improved, with the current situation in TE PN Oy, with the transfer of work to low-cost countries and customer-oriented strategy, there seems to be a lack a direct imperative for NPD approach development. Therefore, the prioritization between different business development efforts and clear communication of these priorities needs to be strengthened if more rapid NPD improvement is to be achieved.
Productization of RÄD services in telecommunication industry
Marketing for engineers, scientists and technologists
Product strategies of Finnish photovoltaic technology manufactures for Africa
Changes in the hospitality industry : viewpoints on the hotel, restaurant and tourism field
The tourism industry has contributed significantly to Ghana's economy, particularly in recent times, as the sector continues to demonstrate its potential as a key driver of growth. For example, between 2000 and 2005, visitor arrivals and spending increased by 46 per cent and 68 percent respectively. The industry is currently the third largest foreign exchange earner after merchandise exports and remittances from abroad and has become one of the most important and fastest growing sectors of the Ghanaian economy. Tourism receipts in Ghana are forecasted to reach $1.5 billion by the end of 2010.Cape Coast municipality that is regarded as the brain box of Ghana's tourism still lack the concept and dignity tourism site should attain. Therefore there is the need to access and evaluate the current situation of the tourism sector in the municipality and as a result recommend what needs to be done and has been done by more world famous tourism destinations and countries to get to where they are today. This thesis was purely conducted based on literature review by reviewing, analyzing and authenticating the projects and reports already written on similar topic and project. Tourism textbooks, journals, Internet sources and internet reports were the secondary sources reviewed. The keys findings of the research were aimed at analyzing the tourism potentials of Cape Coast as a destination so as to make it attractive to both domestic and international tourists.
Local culture in the context of international tourism : Japanese tourists' perceptions of the culture of Saariselkä and the views of Japanese travel agents
Marketing for hospitality and tourism
Information security survey
This thesis is an assignment from Wärtsilä Finland Oy. The aim of this thesis is to collect knowledge about fuel hoses used in Wärtsilä 46, Wärtsilä 46F and Wärtsilä 50 engines. This component has many problems. Those problems are presented and offered a proposal for solutions. Information to this thesis is gathered from Wärtsilä personnel and from Wärtsilä?s database. First chapters are basic information about the component. There is product and material specification and technical data about the fuel hoses. All the stakeholders and vendors are introduced. Next chapters are concerning major technical problems and some ideas on improving lifetime and profitability for customers. Most of the technical problems are not involved or caused by the company or manufactures. Handling and wrong assembling are the most common problems within the company. To understand sale?s prospect it is important to have the knowledge about life-cycle and life time expectations of fuel hoses. Information about costs is merely a comparison between all the vendors. Sales department was also a major reason to get the component?s problems solved. This department has many problems and those are described with figures and tables. This thesis was made to be an information package about fuel hoses. Thesis also contains instructions of handling and installation for this component. Major classifications and directives were introduced for Ship Power and Power Plant. Finally there is a proposal how to solve previously presented problems. The goal for these actions was to improve the life cycle efficiency and profitability and also describing the basic substance of the component.
Productization of Professional Services and its Implications for Marketing
Perspectives on cultural rural : rurality as a cultural product – pre‐conference symposium in Kokkola, Finland, 16th–17th of August 2009 : abstract book
Designing a security intranet for company X
Screening the possibility to productize a self-powered cottage heater from electrical and practical point of view
Productisation : Case Kasve Ltd.
Destination branding in a country context : a case study of Finland in British market
The purpose of this thesis is to demonstrate and show how productization can enhance joint service creation for Research Laboratories based on UNELMA-project. The goal is to create a joint service that is simple, manageable and understandable by all stakeholders. How productization enhances joint service creation for research laboratories have been discussed comprehensively. The literature review shows that the actual benefits of a service offering can accrue to service providers as well as service consumers if a service is well productized. The research approach is a combination of qualitative and case study methods. Data is collected through workshops, project articles, documents and observation aided by service creation tools. The service creation tools used are; Idea tree, Service blue print, Business model canvas, Value proposition canvas and Productization canvas. Joint service network stakeholder’s expectation has been examined from the data gathered. Both service providers and customers have their own expectations. However, they have a common ground of collaboration and cooperation into the future through a productized joint service network branded Applied Imaging Network abbreviated as AIN. Ultimately, productization enhances service creation and assists in sales marketing by making the service simple, manageable and understandable. Thus, it makes easier for the customer to make buying decision.
Delivery capability in rapid productisation
Rapid productisation process : managing an unexpected product increment
Productization of knowledge-intensive business services : a managerial perspective
This thesis is a business plan for a hospitality startup. The business plan for BOOM,  including a timeline for brand activation can be found attached to this thesis. BOOM is  a mobile food truck offering healthy smoothies in convenient locations. Operating  mainly in a fixed location, the truck is completely self-sufficient, thus also suitable for  sports events and music festivals. This thesis acts as a supportive entrepreneurial tool  in creating an entry branding plan for the case company.  During the business planning process the entrepreneur analyzed different factors affecting  consumer food decisions. Factors such as price, availability and quality are relatively  easy to manage by careful business planning. Perceived brand image, however, is  a complex bundle of interrelated factors, some of which can be hard to manage especially  in today's viral world. This thesis therefore investigates how the perceived brand  image is generated. The theoretical framework of this thesis discusses the most relevant  concepts of branding and aims to conceptually define healthy lifestyle consumerism.  Discussion in the thesis focuses on hospitality branding from planning and launching  to maintaining brand image and measuring brand strength. In the modern competitive  market place, branding can act as a powerful tool for differentiation. Brand strategy  should not be confused with company strategy, yet it should be considered as an important  part of strategic management. A brand is based on the company's core values  and determines the desired lifestyle of the consumer. A brand is the story of the company  told by the whole team and responded to by the consumer. For accurate targeting  it is therefore essential to understand consumer needs.  The author found using the Business Model Canvas as well as sketching the Timeline  for brand activation extremely helpful in understanding the steps and requirements of  the case company's brand launch. The thesis was written during winter 2013 – spring  2014. Feasibility scheme of the business idea proved to be quite promising and the  company could realistically be founded for the summer 2014.
The city in the experience economy : role and transformation
Developing international services of Tampere Chamber and Commerce by using the method of productization
Making Avonlea : L. M. Montgomery and popular culture
Productification of services : Productification of services in knowledge intensive businesses
"Flawless Consulting is considered the "consultant's bible" and a landmark bestseller that explains how to deal effectively with clients, peers, and others. This third edition addresses business and new challenges since the second edition was written and also explores what's on the minds of "next generation" consultants. The book includes more guidance on how to ask better questions, ideas for the virtual world, suggestions for dealing with difficult clients, the challenges of international consulting, additional case studies, commentary, expanded guidelines on implementation, and more on how to ask good questions."
Componen productization for lifecycle efficiency : fuel hoses for W46, W50 and W46F
Constructing a service package for providing value-added logistics : case Koninklijke Frans Maas Groep N. V.
A meaningful experience : how is it done
Marketing hospitality
Improving performance through service productisation
Perspectives on cultural rural : rurality as a cultural product   pre-conference symposium in Kokkola, Finland, 16th 17th of August 2009 : abstract book
Service productization enhancing joint service creation for research laboratories : case study : UNELMA-project
Abstract: Commercialisation of professional research and development services from value sales perspecive.
Productization of services in knowledge-intensive manufacturing business
Product idea to product success : a complete step-by-step guide to making money from your idea
Productizing plan for communication system HudleTM
Productization of Configuration Version builder
Specifying remote services for industrial power systems
Pushing universities to market their products : redefinitions of academic activities in Finland
Industrial innovation in Finland : first results of the Sfinno-project
A wooden horse in the archaeological site of Troy, Plastic 'Greek' statues on the seabed, resin columns at the Roman Forum, painted copies of Altamira and Lescaux grottos, Tutankhamun's tomb in a casino of Las Vegas, fake Roman fortresses with legionnaires and gladiators, 'Etruscan' vases in a hotel in Milan, Valentino's creations on display in a Roman monument, voyeuristic attractions at Pompeii, ancient and new thermal baths with Roman-style treatments, 'real' Roman wines produced in archaeological sites, and shows, plays of light, cocktails and fashion parades, a lottery for spending winter solstice at Newgrange...Museums and archaeological areas host all the contradictions of late modern society. Consumerism, media, advertising and virtual reality transform the relationships between archaeology, tourism, collective imagery and political identity. We are witnesses to the success of archistar museums, 'event' exhibitions, sensorial and virtual tourism, archaeotrekking and archaeodiving, even tourism of the non-existent. Authenticity itself takes on a different meaning when finds and monuments are not original or are exhibited in theme parks, hotels or subway stations. This book is an innovative, critical and stimulating appraisal of the situation.
Education as Finland's hottest export? : a multi-faceted case study on Finnish national education export policies
Data-interface productization in SaaS-environment, Case study
From Prusa to Bursa : Silk World of Sivilization
Wine tourism around the world : development, management and markets
Rapid productization - empirical study on preconditions and challenges
The design entrepreneur : turning graphic design into goods that sell
The management idea factory : innovation and commodification in management consulting
The 21st-century hipster : on micro-populations in times of superdiversity
Guide to fashion entrepreneurship : the plan, the product, the process
Package Design for a Nature-Based Tourism Company
Healthy brand generation : Case: Oy BOOM Beverages Ltd
Productization of a Web Service : PREPD Presentation Tool
Packaging of IT services - conceptual and empirical studies
New exploratory technologies 2005 : Turun ammattikorkeakoulu, Salo, Turku Polytechnic, Salo, 3-4 October, 2005
Dwelling as product : perspectives on housing, users and the expansion of design
Berries in the world : introduction to the international markets of berries
Converting raw materials into the products : road base material stabilized with slag-based binders
Service Productization enhancing Joint Service Creation for Research Laboratories : Case Study UNELMA-project
An analysis of the terminology in the context of productization
Conceptual development of product lifecycle management
Key factors in transforming university internationalization into commercial activity in Finland : case of University of Turku
Creating experiences in the experience economy
Strategic Brand Management provides fresh insight into the field of marketing and elaborates how to create powerful brands.
Knowledge commercialization : a case study of the process of creation of the team coach plus knowledge product
P2P networking and applications
The employer brand : bringing the best of brand management to people at work
Thinking: objects : contemporarty approaches to product design
Transgenic plants : with an appendix on intellectual properties & commercialisation of transgenic plants by John Barton
Collaborative branding
Nanotechnology in the paper, printing and packaging industries
Finnish higher education : seize the education momentum
Cloud product capability assessment method
A House made to be a home
4D branding : cracking the corporate code of the network economy
A meaningful experience : how is it done?
Exploring technology
International product and promotion strategies of hotels : the case of Finnish hotel industry
The plastic Venuses : archaeological tourism in post-modern society
Adding value to a hostel visit
New product development of ICT services : ICT service development in TietoEnator PN Oy
Improving product creation management in the manufacturing industry to meet the needs of strategy metrics
Transforming services into products in a systems engineering company
Professional service productization and its implications to knowledge trasfer in internationalization processes : case : company X in Finnish, Swedish and Norwegian markets
The development potentials of Ghana's Cape Coast as a destination
Managing for knowledge : perspectives and prospects
Taking brand initiative : how companies can align strategy, culture, and identity through corporate branding
Internal Branding in High Technology Environment : Measuring employee-brand relationship through brand identity concept
Flawless consulting : a guide to getting your expertise used
Taking brand initiative : how companies can align strategy, culture and identity through corporate branding
How an IT-company could productize and market its services effectively and efficiently to its business customers
Productization of Services
THE DEVELOPMENT POTENTIALS OF GHANA’S CAPE COAST AS A DESTINATION.
Zero to one : notes on startups, or how to build the future
Referat.
Strategic brand management for B2B markets : a road map for organizational transformation
Rock brands : selling sound in a media saturated culture
Productisation of project-related services : the case of logistics services
Cleaning service productization and new customer acquisition
Stakeholder interactions in cross-functional productization : the case of mobile software development
Media centre for e-learning : an application for implementing effective and high quality learning
Standardising services : case study for a professional service company
To what extent does a mid-market hotel deliver its brand promise to its customers?
Feasibility of embedded discrete components technology in mobile phones
The problem of a market-oriented university
Local culture as a resource in regional development in the Southwest-Finland archipelago
To innovate, companies must combine multiple and disparate areas of knowledge outside of their core businesses, and they must do it faster and faster. Accessing knowledge and talent has never been so easy and so difficult at the same time. It is easy, because new tools facilitate the task. It is difficult, because it requires finding the needle in the haystack. The problem is that the haystack is growing and the needle must be found more and more quickly. In this book, the authors provide an up-to-date overview of recent, disruptive trends that induce changes in the way large companies deal with innovation. Special attention is given to the impact of the digital wave.
Productization of university services
Health and wellness tourism
Commodifying bodies
Finland : country of forest products
The role of women producer organizations in agricultural value chains : practical lessons from Africa and India
Religious commodifications in Asia : marketing Gods
The biotechnology revolution in global agriculture : innovation, invention, and investment in the canola industry
Service productization for Turku university of applied sciences
Bobby Owsinski's social media promotion for musicians : the manual for marketing yourself, your band and your music online
Cloud computing as the enabler of the next-generation managed service provider
Competitive advantage through mass customisation : self-assessment work book : 39 searching questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
