http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11732 scientism
scientism
The controversy over Intelligent Design (ID) has now continued for over two decades, with no signs of ending. For its defenders, ID is revolutionary new science, and its opposition is merely ideological. For its critics, ID is both bad science and bad theology. But the polemical nature of the debate makes it difficult to understand the nature of the arguments on all sides. A balanced and deep analysis of a controversial debate, this volume argues that beliefs about the purposiveness or non-purposiveness of nature should not be based merely on science. Rather, the philosophical and theological nature of such questions should be openly acknowledged. -- Review: 'This ground-breaking book epitomizes the balanced, scrupulous, and fair-handed intentions of the author. Kojonen analyzes the underlying philosophical and theological issues which structure the debate in order to lift up the strengths and weaknesses of both advocates and opponents of Intelligent Design. I highly recommend this book to theologians, philosophers, scientists and non-specialists who want to hear "good news" about the underlying connections on a topic which far too often divides both scientific and religious communities.' Robert John Russell, the Graduate Theological Union, Berkeley and the Center for Theology and the Natural Sciences, USA 'This is the most comprehensive, scholarly monograph on Intelligent Design to date, and Kojonen's well-balanced analysis is a welcome addition to the literature. This book is the best place for students and scholars to start if they are trying to understand the arguments surrounding ID.' Jeffrey Koperski, Saginaw Valley State University, USA.
Human nature and the limits of science
Sociology and scientism : the American quest for objectivity, 1880-1940
Naturalism and the human condition : against scientism
The nature and future of philosophy
Biographies of scientific objects
The intelligent design debate and the temptation of scientism
Scientism : Science, ethics and religion
The restitution of man : C.S. Lewis and the case against scientism
Scientism : philosophy and the infatuation with science
Leaving us to wonder : an essay on the questions science can't ask
A trained philosopher and intellectual historian as well as a writer of genius, C. S. Lewis was one of the most lucid, profound, and eloquent critics of the reductive scientific materialism that has helped make the twentieth century so destructive and confused. The Restitution of Man examines the conflict between scientific materialism and the Christian philosophical tradition as it has taken place since the seventeenth century. It examines Lewis's role as inheritor of and spokesman of this tradition and as an articulate opponent of reductive naturalism and "the abolition of man" that materialistic ideologies always entail. In probing the breadth of Lewis's writings, Michael Aeschliman shows why Lewis's apologetic for the Christian view of man is a precious resource for the transmission of human sanity, ethics, and wisdom in an age that has frequently ignored or obliterated all three. This revised edition of Aeschliman's acclaimed study includes a new foreword by George Gilder and a new afterword by the author.
The uncertainties of knowledge
Saving God : religion after idolatry
Denying evolution : creationism, scientism, and the nature of science
