http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11763 parades
parades
More than forty years have passed since members of the LGBTQ community took to the streets of New York City on the first anniversary of the Stonewall Riots for the world s first march for gay rights. From its modest, though ambitious, beginnings, the annual event has grown into an all-encompassing celebration of queer culture, drawing more than a million people. It has also come to mean many things to many people. For some, Pride has become too commercial or irrelevant as queer culture has become mainstream. To others, the festivities should be less about the politics of the gay rights movement and more about a joyful celebration of what it means to be queer. With an introduction by the nationally known satirist and activist Kate Clinton and published in the wake of the historic U.S. Supreme Court decision on same-sex marriage, "Pride and Joy" is an ode to this New York institution. Energetic, colorful, and irreverent, these images are a playful confirmation of equality. Incorporating portraits of marchers and bystanders and leading figures in the LGTBQ community, these photographs revel in the rich diversity of the parade. Exquisitely presented, the book includes interviews with members of the queer community about their relationship to the march, offering a startling variety of responses to this integral part of New York life. "Pride and Joy" is an inspiration not only to the queer community but to all those still fighting for their basic human rights.
Matsuri : world of Japanese festivals
Material conflicts : parades and visual displays in Northern Ireland
Queering tourism : paradoxical performances at gay pride parades
Torilla tavataan = See you at the Square
Staging the World is an illustrated study of the Roman triumphal procession in its capacity as spectacle and performance. Ida Ostenberg analyses how Rome presented and perceived the defeated on parade. Spoils, captives, and representations are the objects, and the basic questions to be asked concern both contents and context: What was displayed? How was it paraded? What was the response? The triumph was a crowded civic celebration, when spectators met with coins from Spain and Asia, Jewish temple treasures, silver plate and furniture from opulent royal feasts, trees from eastern gardens, Punic elephants appearing as in battle, kings, long known by name only, and ferocious barbarians dressed in outlandish costumes. Ostenberg aims to show what stories the Roman triumph told about the defeated and what ideas it transmitted about Rome itself.
Riot and revelry in early America
Orange parades : the politics of ritual, tradition and control
Staging the world : spoils, captives, and representations in the Roman triumphal procession
The Tall ships : a salute to Liberty : eyewitness account
Pride & joy : taking the streets of New York City
The Halloween parade : a Hello Kitty adventure
Hilda and the bird parade
The wrong girl
