http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11718 middle-aged persons
middle-aged persons
The love secrets of Don Juan
Fear of fifty : a midlife memoir
To be continued, or, Conversations with a toad
Cardiovascular Risk Factors and Dementia-related Structural Brain Changes on MRI: : A 30-year follow-up study
Disputed land
A house for Mr Biswas
Predicting fractures in middle-aged women
Harper stared at her reflection in disbelief. Her instinct was to scream, because the woman staring back at her was unrecognisable, a bruised and bloody mess. But she didn’t scream, she didn’t dare, it would have hurt too much. She didn’t cry either. Her face was so painfully tender that she was scared to move even a muscle. Is it a good lesson to learn? she wondered. How could her marriage have come to this? How on earth did it end up this way?
Identity formation in adulthood
You, me & other people
Mid-life : a comic book
WHY? HOW? and WHO? : a study on life dynamics and experiences of 50+ people living with HIV/AIDS in Finland
Bridget Jones finds herself unexpectedly pregnant at the eleventh hour. However, her joyful pregnancy is dominated by one crucial but awkward question --who is the father? Could it be honorable, decent, notable human rights lawyer, Mark Darcy? Or, is it charming, witty, and totally despicable, Daniel Cleaver?
Friends, lovers and other indiscretions
Your pregnancy after 35
Mr Golightly's holiday
Effects of physical training in middle-aged and elderly people : with special regard to skeletal muscle, connective tissue, and functional aging
Association between mid-life physical activity and hypertension in older women : a 25 year follow-up
Planning for escape : a novel
Depressive symptoms, metabolic syndrome and diet
The first bad man : a novel
The dead woman of Deptford
Absolutely fabulous
Therapy : a novel
The Secret Life of Evie Hamilton
The wedding
One hundred days of happiness
Bridget Jones's baby : the diaries
Caroline : a mystery
This book attempts to give voice to one of those groups that have been silenced by the social sciences: middle-aged women. The American women presented here, grew up during the Depression, married after the Second World War and, in the 1970's, faced the end of their active mothering role. I attempt to make their silences audible, by presenting their reflections and actions placed in the context of their daily lives structured by gendered social relations. Furthermore the book reveals how reflections and actions change over time, showing how and in what ways women themselves are active agents in the processes of change and reproduction.
Multiple paths of midlife development
This is your life
Beyond silence : middle-aged women in the 1970's
The sex life of my aunt
The digital consumer decision journey of the 50+
Antibodies to prothrombin imply a risk of myocardial infarction in middle-aged men
Season of adventure : traveling tales and outdoor journeys of women over 50.
Living the good long life : a practical guide to caring for yourself and others
MODERN & CONTEMPORARY FICTION (POST C 1945). A dazzling urban satire of modern relationships? An ironic, tragic insight into the demise of the nuclear family? Or the confused ramblings of a pissed thirty-something? As Bridget documents her struggles through the social minefield of her thirties and tries to weigh up the eternal question (Daniel Cleaver or Mark Darcy?), she turns for support to four indispensable friends: Shazzer, Jude, Tom and a bottle of chardonnay. Bridget Jones's Diary was first published in 1996 and applauded by critics from Salman Rushdie to Jilly Cooper. A number-one bestseller, Helen Fielding's book has sold over fifteen million copies worldwide and has been turned into an Academy Award-nominated film starring Renee Zellweger, Colin Firth and Hugh Grant.
Mayumi and the sea of happiness
Mothers and daughters : loving and letting go
The key
Bridget Jones's diary
"An exuberant new novel, from an internationally bestselling author that will delight fans of Maria Semple's Where'd You Go, Bernadette?, and CBS's The Good Wife, about a modern-day superwoman who leans in so far she falls over. Liddy James is forty-four, fit, and fabulous. One of New York's top divorce attorneys, a bestselling author, and a mother of two, she glides through the courtrooms and salons of the Manhattan elite with ease. Despite a devastating divorce from her first love, literature professor Peter James, Liddy, Peter, and Peter's sympathetic new partner, Rose, have formed a modern family to raise Liddy and Peter's truculent teen and Liddy's adorable, if fatherless, six-year-old. With her lonely and impoverished New Jersey childhood far behind her, to the outside world Liddy's life is perfect. Until it isn't. When Rose announces an unexpected pregnancy, Liddy's beloved nanny takes flight, a high-profile divorce case becomes too personal, and child support and maintenance payments collide with a looming bill for a roof repair, Liddy realizes she might have finally bitten off more than she can chew. Sharply written and deftly observed, The Real Liddy James offers a sparkling glimpse into the demanding world of New York's fast-paced career women, challenging convention and asking the question: When the cost of having it all becomes too high, can we value living another way?"--
What's age got to do with it? : living your healthiest and happiest life
Carp fishing on valium : and other tales of the stranger road travelled
Diet and cardiorespiratory fitness in older adults with special reference to metabolic syndrome and cognitive function : a population-based study
The lost diaries of Adrian Mole, 1999-2001
Childwold
Better-off or disadvantaged? : a comparative analysis of the economic well-being of middle-aged and aged households in teh early 1980s and mid-1990s
The sense of an ending
The great mid-life career switch : 15 important tips to help you change careers at half-time
The throwback special : a novel
Self-rated depression in 12,063 middle-aged adults
The old rockers' handbook : all the mature musician needs
Antioxidants, weight change and risk of type 2 diabetes
A House for Mr Biswas
MEMORY HEALTH PROMOTION: MIDDLE AGED WOMEN`S MOTIVATION FOR PHYSICAL EXERCISE TOWARDS CHANGING THEIR LIVING HABIT.
Britt-Marie was here
Pregnancy and parenting after thirty-five : mid life, new life
A beautiful young wife
Nora Webster : a novel
Childhood determinants of later health
If they could see me now
Middle age : a natural history
Ladder of years
A cross-sectional study of low physical fitness, self-rated fitness and psychosocial factors in a sample of Finnish 18- to 64-year-old men
The playwright
The ambassadors
The course of the heart : a novel
Midlife physical acyivity and old age orthostatic hypotension
Age in action : membership work and stage of life categories in talk
All fun and games until somebody loses an eye
Hot in Cleveland. The complete season 1.
The wall
Planning for Escape is the haunting, darkly comical, story of a young woman’s quest for personal and artistic fulfillment - a goal she is brilliant at sabotaging. Narrated through an intense, witty, yet poetically lyrical interior monologue, Catherine interweaves her own unique perspectives on memory, family, and place, with the compelling and luminous account of her endlessly disappointing search for love through a dazzling array of quirky people and unforgettable places. Grounded in an escape to memorable places - from New England to Ireland, to Japan and back again - the narrative ultimately shifts to the historically preserved and richly ambient world of Greensboro, Vermont. This novel will inspire every searcher who ever felt disappointed with what life had delivered, as opposed to what was expected. It is for all those who ever wanted to escape, ever longed to return home, or ever considered deriving new joy from simply giving up and saying goodbye to old places in search of the new.
Hot in Cleveland. The complete season 1
The year of the hare
Clustering of cardiometabolic risk factors, liver enzymes and PNPLA3 polymorphism with special reference to children
Midlife exercise, midlife self-rated fitness and willingness of bridge employment in older age
The real Liddy James
Forgive the moon
My dearest friend
Muscle fibre adaptations, strength and power development during strength and/or endurance training in 40 to 65-yr-old women
Influences of genetic factors and regular exercise on bone in middle-aged men
The effects of art on wellbeing : case Hair
Peyton Amberg
Effect of combined endurance and strength training on explosive and maximal strength development of leg extensors and flexors in middle-aged and older women
Relationship between pedometer-determined physical activity and low back pain in middle aged Finnish population (30-45) : "The Young Finns Study"
Cardiorespiratory, neuromuscular and cardiac autonomic adaptations to combined endurance and strength training in ageing men and women
Thomas Gage : [a novel]
Ladies of letters
Serious sweet : a novel
Mary Ann in autumn : a tales of the city novel
The development of mortality from ischaemic heart disease among the middle-aged population in Finland
Edith's diary
Can you hear the whisper?
All the single ladies : a novel
Power-type strength training in middle-aged men and women
Abstract. - Sammandrag.
Too cool to be forgotten
Beauty and sadness
The secret life of Evie Hamilton
The 39-year-old virgin
Window gods : truth sleeps in the seed
In my house
Bridget Jones : the edge of reason
Seeing other people
The Year of the Hare
Fury
The success of communication in the Adventures of Joe Fin campaign : self-evaluated effects on health behaviour
Dynamic balance in former elite male athletes and in community control subjects
Muscle hypertrophy and serum hormone concentrations during combined strength and endurance training vs. strength or endurance training only in middle aged and older women
Chaos : a novella and stories
