http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1172 central banks
central banks
Chronicles : on our troubled times
ECB communication and the predictability of the target rate changes
Central bank intervention and exchange rates : the case of Sweden
Managing the dollar : from the Plaza to the Louvre
Voting transparency and conflicting interests in central bank councils
The past and future of European integration : a central banker's view
Discussion on the inconsistency of central bank independence measures
The Russian financial markets are small for an economy the size of Russia, and in many respects underdeveloped. This restricts the Central Bank of Russia's scope for conducting monetary policy. In this paper we provide an overview of the Russian financial markets and the CBR's variegated collection of monetary policy tools and their effectiveness. The Russian monetary and exchange rate policy framework is currently in the process of change. During most of the 2000s, the CBR tightly steered the ruble's external value, which left little room for active monetary policy. After the 2008-2009 crisis, the bank began to loosen the reins of exchange rate management with the aim of moving gradually to a regime of inflation targeting. Since the monetary policy tools are still not highly effective, the big challenge for monetary authorities is improve the tools. Keywords: Russia, monetary policy, exchange rate policy .
African monetary union : economic and monetary union, African Union, African Central Bank, Euro, African Economic Community, West African CFA franc, African CFA franc
The Bank of England : 1950s to 1979
Regulating finance : balancing freedom and risk
Debt and delusion : central bank follies that threaten economic disaster
Endogenous monetary policy in macroeconomic models : the role of commitment, conservative central banker and optimal central bank contracts in the credibility of monetary policy
Credibility of central bank policy under EMU criteria : inflation targeting in Finland 1992-1996
Boomerang : the meltdown tour
Using Taylor rule to explain effects of institutional changes in central banks
Currency boards
Central bank independence : economic theory, evidence and political legitimacy
Economic outlook : special issue
Operating since 1993, Estonia's budding money market today boasts a fairly sophisticated interbank money market.Its non-interbank money market also continues to develop rapidly; in coming years short-term money flows between enterprises will increase as Estonia's enterprise sector grows.Estonia's money market is tiny in comparison to major money markets, and standard instruments such as T-bills are not used at all.Even so, Estonia's money market is, by far, the most developed in the Baltic region.Given the present high growth in Estonian banking and industry, turnover in the Estonian money market can well be expected to grow and further integrate itself with global money markets.  Keywords:Money market, Estonia .
The future of central banking : the Tercentenary symposium of the Bank of England
Banking sector development in Central and Eastern Europe
Priests of prosperity : how central bankers transformed the postcommunist world
Annual report of the Eesti Pank for 1935.
Wall Street revalued : imperfect markets and inept central bankers
Fiscal-monetary policy coordination and Central Bank independence
Quest for the best : how to measure central bank independence and show its relation with inflation?
Evolving voluntary rules for the operation of the European Central Bank
Macroeconomic policy and institutions - the role of the central bank, labour unions and government : a survey of the recent literature and some new empirical evidence from advanced industrial countries
Eesti pank : annual report 1998.
At the height of the financial crisis some weeks after the collapse of Lehman Brothers, the Eurosystem adopted a full allotment policy in the refinancing of banks. The move from variable rate tenders and controlling the amounts of liquidity provided to the banks towards fixed interest rates was necessary when the financial intermediation capacity of the banking system had been paralysed and the traditional way implementing monetary policy had led to a significant increase in the price of central bank liquidity provision. This article examines how ensuring banks' access to liquidity through central bank operations has resulted in a situation where, for five years already, short-term money market rates have been lower than the interest rate on the main refinancing operations (MRO rate), that is, the Eurosystem's traditional key steering rate. The article discusses central banks' short-term challenges in the steering of interest rates and outlines a longer-term operational model that would enable the dual use of credit operations both for steering interest rates and, in parallel, for ensuring the availability of central bank funding. The model is based on a differentiated use of collateral in different types of operations conducted by the Eurosystem..
Who is steering the ship and which constellation guides the way? : exploring transparency in the European Central Bank during the time of crisis
Currency and central banking in Ireland 1922-1960
Annual report of the Eesti Pank for 1939.
Monetary developments & policy survey : third quarter of 1999.
Operations of the Reserve Bank of India (1935-1954)
Establishing a central bank : issues in Europe and lessons from the US
The value of publishing official Central Bank forecasts
Finland and EMU : [EMU Expert Working Group report]
One money, many countries
Convergence report 2002
Monetary policy when credibility matters
The central bank and the financial system
Central banking, asset prices, and financial fragility
Financial markets. Statistical review
"When the first rumblings of the coming financial crisis were heard in August 2007, three men who were never elected to public office suddenly became the most powerful men in the world. They were the leaders of the world's three most important central banks: Ben Bernanke of the U.S. Federal Reserve, Mervyn King of the Bank of England, and Jean-Claude Trichet of the European Central Bank. Over the next five years, they and their fellow central bankers deployed trillions of dollars, pounds and euros to try and contain the waves of panic that threatened to bring down the global financial system. Neil Irwin's The Alchemists is both a gripping account of the most intense exercise in economic crisis management we've ever seen, and an insightful examination of the role and power of the central bank. It begins in Stockholm, Sweden, in the seventeenth century, where central banking had its rocky birth, and then progresses through a brisk but dazzling tutorial on how the central banker came to exert such vast influence over our world. It is the story of how these figures and institutions became what they are - the possessors of extraordinary power over our collective fate. What they chose to do with those powers is the heart of the story Irwin tells. Irwin covered the financial crisis for the Washington Post, enjoying privileged access to leading central bankers and the people close to them. His account, based on reporting that took place in 27 cities in 11 countries, is the holistic, truly global story of the central bankers' role in the world economy we have been missing. It is a landmark reckoning with central bankers and their power, with the great financial crisis of our time, and with the history of the relationship between capitalism and the state. Definitive, revelatory, and riveting, The Alchemists shows us where money comes from--and where it may well be going."--Publisher's description
Payment systems in the Group of Ten countries
Surviving the slowdown
Convergence report 2000
Essays on the credibility of central bank independence
Current legal issues affecting central banks : volume 3
Bank of Canada : operations and policy
Effectiveness of ECB monetary policy in reducing interbank risk premia during financial crisis
The effect of European Central Bank’s longer term refinancing operations on eurozone bank stock performance
Voting, bargaining and strategic delegation : theory and applications to European Central Bank policies
Financial markets and financial fragility
Annual report of the Eesti Pank for 1938.
Annual report of the Eesti Pank for 1933.
ECB asset purchase programs effect on corporate bond issuance
The Bundesbank : the bank that rules Europe
Reaction function estimation when central banks face adjustment costs
Central banking in history. Volume 2, Performance
The Federal Reserve and the financial crisis
Central bank policy and domestic stability in a small open economy
International bank supervision
In Wall Street revalued, leading analyst and bestselling author of Valuing Wall Street, Andrew Smithers presents a new way to value asset prices. Indifference to overvalued asset prices by investors, central banks and much of the financial press is the root cause of the current crisis. Bubbles in stock markets, house prices and financial assets cause huge damage when they fall, not only to their owners, but also to the world economy. An understanding of how to value assets is thus vital for managing the economy as well as for investors. This book explains how assets can be valued and shows how much incorrect and inaccurate information is published on the subject and how to spot this. Among investment bankers and financial journalists the two most common claims to value are, as Andrew shows, unadulterated lies. One of these is that "Shares are cheap given the level of current (or forecast) PE multiples" and the other is that "Shares are cheap relative to interest rates." Andrew also explains how asset prices affect the economy and how central banks lose their ability to stabilise it when bubbles collapse. The denial that markets can be valued has caused great damage. Markets are not perfectly efficient, nor are they are irrational casinos. This book sets out a new model for understanding the limited efficiency of financial markets, which is the key condition for improving investment and economic management today.
The alchemists : inside the secret world of central bankers
The mystery of banking
Monetary policy in Finland
The level of a central bank's international reserves : theory and cross-country analysis
Monetary developments & policy survey : first half of 1999.
Questions & answers : China's financial market
Transformations to open market operations : developing economies and emerging markets
Essays on monetary policy
The role of the central banker today : with introductory remarks and commentariesby Stefano Siglienti, Marcus Wallenberg..
The Federal reserve act : its origin and problems
Lender of last resort and the moral hazard problem
The central bank and political authorities in some industrial countries
Monetary policy and learning in an open economy
Defining a macroeconomic framework for the euro area
Financial markets and institutions
Current legal issues affecting central banks. Vol. 1
Whoops! : why everyone owes everyone and no one can pay
Annual report of the Eesti Pank for 1937.
Predicting the Fed's target rate decisions
Monetary policy with internal central bank forecasting : a case of heterogenous information
Quasi-fiscal operations of central banks in transition economies
Making the European monetary union : the role of the Committee of Central Bank Governors and the origins of the European Central Bank
Monetary policy in Europe after Maastricht
Monthly bulletin
European Central Bank and the US Federal Reserve : Differences and similarities in communication strategies and market reactions related to monetary policy decisions
The european system of central banks: an autonomous actor? : the quest for an institutional balance in EMU
Central bank policy and external disturbances under fixed exchange rates : a rational expectations approach
The impact of the ECB monetary policy announcements on European stock index futures returns and correlations
Monetary sovereignty : the politics of central banking in western Europe
Monetary policy report
The tragedy of the euro
How markets fail : the logic of economic calamities
Central bank independence : cultural codes and symbolic performance
Boomerang : the biggest bust
"This history of the Bank of England takes its story from the 1950s to the end of the 1970s. This period probably saw the peak of the Bank's influence and prestige, as it dominated the financial landscape. One of the Bank's central functions was to manage the exchange rate. It was also responsible for administering all the controls that made up monetary policy. In the first part of the period, the Bank did all this with a remarkable degree of freedom. But economic policy was a failure, and sluggish output, banking instability, and rampant inflation characterized the 1970s. The pegged exchange rate was discontinued, and the Bank's freedom of movement was severely constrained, as new approaches to policy were devised and implemented. The Bank lost much of its freedom of movement but also took on more formal supervision".
Eesti pank : annual report 1995.
Paper promises : money, debt and the new world order
The 1998 financial meltdown brought to public attention the vulnerability of Russias banking sector, which was severely hit by the crisis.The Russian government and the CBR (Central Bank of Russia) acted in a timely manner in setting up a basic intervention plan for the rapid restoration of solvency.Unfortunately, these measures were not followed by a correction of the real problems behind the crisis.The Central Bank and the Russian government failed to exploit a unique chance to carry out significant reforms in the financial sector, leaving unresolved many of the flaws that afflicted Russian banks before the crisis.This paper reconstructs the events surrounding the Russian financial crisis and evaluates the subsequent rescue of the banking sector. .
The state and the monetary system
Transparency and governance : monitoring the European central bank 6
Central banking in history. Volume 1, Central bank functions
Annual report of the Eesti Pank (Bank or Estonia) 1930.
Universal banking in the twentieth century : finance, industry and the state in North and Central Europe
Helping oneself by helping others? The provision of dollars to foreign banks by the Federal Reserve during 2007-2011
The man who knew : the life and times of Alan Greenspan
Money and Banking Statistics : annual review
Central bank independence in the Baltic countries
Economic review
The Bank of England and public policy 1941-1958
A Europe made of money : the emergence of the European Monetary System
The Chinese banking industry : lessons from history for today's challenges
Open market operations : beyond the new consensus
History of the Bank of England 1640 to 1903
How do central banks write? : an evaluation of inflation reports by inflation targeting central banks
The aim of this article is to establish the level of independence that each of the Estonian, Latvian and Lithuanian central banks enjoy according to law and in practice.The rationale behind this is the well-known both empirically and theoretically verified relationship between central bank independence (CBI) and inflation rate arising from the increased monetary policy credibility that is possible to obtain by strengthening the position of the central bank (CB).In this paper two different indices of central bank independence are used to measure the level of legal CBI of the Baltic central banks, namely Grilli - Masciandro - Tabellini (1991) and Cukierman (1992).Ex-post turnover rates of central bank governors are then calculated as an indicator of actual CBI or more precisely the lack of it. The main findings of the study are firstly the results of the indexation process.It is safe to say that the Baltic central banks have been endowned with highly independent legal positions. Furthermore, there are no truly significant variations between the three countries in this respect.Secondly, a quite different picture arises when actual CBI is studied.The calculated turnover rate of the Lithuanian CB governors is far higher than the comparabale figure for Estonia and especially Latvia.Even though the time frame used in this study is rather short for obvious reasons the Lithuanian rate has to be taken as a sign of non- satisfactory level of autonomy of the CB.Apart from measuring the level of CBI this paper concentrates on the credibility of monetary and exchange rate policies pursued in the Baltic countries in recent years.It is argued that the reasons for the lower than desired credibility of the Lithuanian monetary system compared to Latvia or Estonia are the low level of actual CBI and the political nature and instability of monetary decision making in the country. Keywords: Baltic countries, central bank independence, policy credibility .
The political economy of central banks : agents of stability or sources of instability?
Markets, reserves and lenders of last resort as sources of bank liquidity
Independent and accountable : a new mandate for the Bank of England
Governance of the IMF : decision making, institutional oversight, transparency, and accountability
Why central banks announce their objectives : monetary policy with discretionary signalling
Studies on exchange rate determination and currency substitution
Central banking in transition
Unions, Central Banks, and EMU : Labour Market Institutions and Monetary Integration in Europe
Global development finance : external debt of developing countries
Do institutions matter? : theoretical analysis of central bank institutional design
Central banking after Bagehot
Monetary developments & policy survey
Should central banks be more aggressive?
Annual report of the Eesti Pank for 1931.
What caused the Icelandic banking crisis?
An assessment of alternative lender of last resort schemes
Current legal issues affecting central banks. Vol. 2
The role of a central bank in economic policy management : conference dedicated to the 80th Anniversary of Eesti Pank
Legal issues in international credit transfers
Exchange-rate regimes and capital flows
Central bank power : a matter of coordination rather than money supply
The European Central Bank : a bank for the 21st century
Dictatorship of failure : the discourse of democratic failure in the current European crisis
This paper discusses currency boards, beginning with their history. Included in the paper is a discussion of how a currency board works and the advantages and disadvantages of the currency board, particularly when compared to a more traditional central banking style.The Estonian and Lithuanian currency boards are described and discussed as particular cases of currency board institutions. .
Central banking with the benefit of hindsight
Central Bank to the European Union : European Monetary Institute, European System of Central Banks, European Central Bank : structures, tasks and functions
On the choice of optimal central bank currency baskets
Analysis of financial markets and central bank policy in the flow-of-funds framework : an application to the case of Finland
Measuring central bank independence in selected transition countries and the disinflation process
The development of public finances and role of fiscal constraints in a monetary union : example eurozone
The Taylor rule : a spurious regression?
Russian financial markets and monetary policy instruments
My first seventy-six years : the autobiography
The Bank of England 1891-1944
Two targets, one instrument: Steering interest rates and preserving financial stability with Eurosystem credit operations
Finland's Balance of Payments
The end of alchemy : money, banking and the future of global economy
Eesti panga ajaloolised hooned = Historic buildings of Eesti pank
Who's who in central banking
Central banking in history. Volume 3, Discretion and autonomy
The banking sector rescue in Russia
Monetary developments & policy survey : first half of 1998.
