http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11779 social workers
social workers
The social worker's guide to the social sciences : the key concepts
a The streets of modern-day London are hectic, multicultural, and difficult to read if you are a white-collar, middle-aged man. Keith is a social worker who, following a brief affair with a colleague, finds himself living alone in a flat a few streets away from his wife, Annabelle, and his teenage son. His domestic problems, allied with growing tensions at work, profoundly undermine his peace of mind. Keith attempts to take refuge in a long-cherished writing project and turns his attention to the plight of his aging father, but for the first time in his life he feels extremely vulnerable as a black man in English society. Annabelle met Keith twenty-five years ago at university, and she watches the man she married - against the wishes of her English parents - as he appears to be losing his grip on his life. However, after three years of estrangement, she realizes that despite her disappointment with her former husband, the pair of them have no choice but to close ranks and protect their son, who seems to have become increasingly involved with street gangs and a world that is entirely alien to them. A brilliant and penetrating story of contemporary Britain, "In the Falling Snow" is Caryl Phillips' finest novel yet.
Religious organizations in community services : a social work perspective
Understanding social work : preparing for practice
From theory to practice in social work : the development of social work students' practice
Whilst the body has recently assumed greater sociological significance, there has been less engagement in social work and social care on the bodily experience of health, illness and disease. This innovative volume redresses the balance by exploring chronic illness and social work, through the specific lens of autoimmunity, engaging in wider debates around vulnerability, resistance and the lived experience of ongoing ill-health. Moving beyond existing conceptualisations of vulnerability as an issue of mental distress, ageing, child protection and poverty, Price and Walker demonstrate the role that society has to play in actively engaging the physical body, rather than working around and through it. The book focuses on auto-immune conditions such as lupus, multiple sclerosis, rheumatoid arthritis and scleroderma. Conditions like these allow for an exploration of the materiality of illness which exacerbates social and economic vulnerability and may precipitate personal and social crises, requiring a variety of interventions and support. The risks and challenges associated with chronic illness include disruptions to a sense of self and identity, altered relationships and the renegotiation of roles and responsibilities in a variety of relationships in addition to an economic impact, with the potential for disruption to employment status and financial insecurity. This text opens up a range of debates around some of the central concerns of the social work profession, including vulnerability, ill-health, and independence. It will be of interest to scholars and students of social work, nursing, disability studies, medicine and the social sciences.
Supporting people with alcohol and drug problems : making a difference
Children and young people who sexually abuse others : current developments and practice responses
Social workers engagement with the social media
Effective communication  : a workbook for social care workers
Supervision in the helping professions
A study of naturally occurring behavior among social workers
Social work across Europe : accounts from 16 countries
Learning through field instruction : a guide for teachers and students
Training for transformation : a handbook for community workers. Book III
Observing children and families : beyond the surface
Supervising in the human services : the politics of practice
4th International Conference on Evaluation for Practice, July 4-6, 2002, Tampere, Finland : programme & abstracts, participant list
Abstract: The object of this bachelor's thesis was to study the prevalence of actualized protective measures in working with people with intellectual disabilities and challenging behavior as well as to clarify carers' views on protective measures and client participation, and whether there are possibilities for empowerment. The setting for the study was Kuusela, a department offering care, guidance and rehabilitation to adults with intellectual disabilities and challenging behavior. The theoretical framework for this study was based on values of the social field and the operating environment of Kuusela and how empowerment can be reached through participation and the right to subjectivity, self-determination, and dialog. Methods in acquiring the essential information were both qualitative and quantitative. Data on the prevalence of actualized protective measures was gathered through a documentary analysis. Data on carers' views on protective measures and client participation were gathered through a questionnaire consisting of a set of questions that were to be answered according to the Likert scale. The questionnaire also included two open-ended questions that required a written answer. The data were analysed according to qualitative content analysis. The results showed that the number of actualized protective measures had decreased from the year 2008 to 2010. Results on the carers' views showed that protective measures are needed and justified in their work. Although they seem conscious of the inhabitants' right to participatory working methods, it was not seen clearly in the everyday life. Obstacles in the implementation of this right were seen as being related to the inhabitants' shortcomings and the carers' attitudes and know-how. It can be concluded that continuous reflection on values and models of action is needed in order for the inhabitants' participation to be respected and implemented and for empowerment to be possible. The results showed that learning by living should be heightened through open professional discussions. The inhabitants' shortcomings should be dealt with in a professional manner and attitudes and knowledge on addressing these shortcomings should be dealt with through discussion and possibly through further training.
Bridging the gap between research and practice : an inservice program
Professional identity and self-concept of Estonian social workers
Community social work : a paradigm for change
Making connections in practice teaching : a student unit perspective on social work education and community work
Social work : search for identity
Lonely hearts
Clare in the community : series four
Social work in rural communities
Handbook of theory for practice teachers in social work
Values & ethics in social work practice
Social security : a worker's education guide
Community work skills manual
Social workers have roles that require them to engage with clients and families who may be reluctant clients , ambivalent or resistant towards those seeking to help and protect. This includes safeguarding roles in relation to children and vulnerable adults, and work to engage with marginalised groups such as young offenders and those with mental health and substance misuse problems. The text addresses issues in relation to the main client groups, and specific chapters take an overview of issues such as understanding and defusing aggressive behavior and keeping yourself safe from assault.
Methods of learning communication skills
Protective Measures in Working with People with Intellectual Disabilities : Carers' Views on Protective Measures and Client Participation
Empowerment in everyday life : learning disability
British journal of social work
Interactional supervision
Professional supervision in group care : a contract-based approach
Controversial issues in social work
The impact of child placement on family bonds among parents
Statistics on social work education in the United States : 1996
Social work as a profession : a comparative cross-national perspective
Social work and African-centred worldviews
Treating people with depression : a practical care for primary care
Work Engagement of Kindergarten Teachers
Rethinking computer-based simulation : concepts and models
Systemic supervision : a portable guide for supervision training
Social workers and their practice in welfare bureaucracies
Development at grass roots : training of front-line personnel in social welfare
Risk Management in Social Work : Preventing Professional Malpractice, Liability, and Disciplinary Action
Effective use of teambuilding in social welfare organisations
The practice of macro social work
Community of the future : challenges and new approaches to communtiy based social work and diaconia from the CABLE approach
Recording and use of information in a client information system in child protection work
Human behavior : a perspective for the helping professions
Help : imagining welfare
Team leaders and team managers in social services
Training for skill in social case work
Reflective social work practice : thinking, doing and being
Social workers their role & tasks
Cram101 textbook outlines to accompany: Social work processes / Compton and Galaway, 6th edition
Teaching practical social work
Tunnetaitoja sosiaalialan ammattilaisille = Emotional skills for social professionals
Policy, people, and the new professional : de-professionalisation and re-professionalisation in care and welfare
Experiential learning : a foundation for social work education and practice
Social service delivery : a structural approach to social work practice
Every day is mother's day
Women and social work : towards a woman-centred practice
Supporting skills for care workers
Social work in higher education : demise or development?
Study guide with practice tests for Generalist social work practice : an empowering approach
Social work : the membership perspective
Ethical dilemmas in social work practice
Controversial issues in social work ethics, values, and obligations
Social workers at risk : the prevention and management of violence
Social work, poverty and social exclusion
Working with ethnic minorities and across cultures in western child protection systems
Working with depressed women : a feminist approach
Handbook of clinical social work supervision
Social work education : its origins in Europe
Report writing
New directions in social work practice
Report writing for social workers
Abstract: The purpose of this study was to find out the factors of work engagement of kindergarten teachers and the elements of these factors. Work engagement is one part of work well-being. This final thesis was a qualitative study. The method for collecting data was theme interview, which is a qualitative study method. For this study I interviewed five kindergarten teachers. The data were analyzed by thematic analysis. As a theoretical framework I used work engagement, which is divided into three dimensions: vigor, dedication and absorption. Besides these three dimensions, I studied the factors of work engagement of kindergarten teachers from the perspective of job resources, job demands and personal resources. The results of the study contained information of the factors and elements of work engagement of kindergarten teachers that I was able to categorize into five different stages of work engagement: the core of the work, the organizing of work, the communication and management stage, the organizational stage and the personal stage. All of the three dimensions of work engagement clearly emerged from the data. The results of this study lead to a conclusion that the factors and elements of work engagement of kindergarten teachers are versatile. The results of this study might possibly be of help in strengthening the work engagement factors of kindergarten teachers as well as in recognizing the factors that can negatively influence the experience of work engagement of kindergarten teachers. People who are responsible for developing the field of early childhood education might benefit from the results of this study.
Social work in extremis : lessons for social work internationally
Social work and poverty : attitudes and actions
Spirituality matters in social work : connecting spirituality , religion, and practice
In the falling snow
Work engagement of kindergarten teachers
Social work : a profession of many faces
What is social work? : context and perspectives
Social work field instruction in post-communist societies : Baltic-Polish Conference on Social Work Education, January 6-9, 1994, Kaunas, Lithuania, Center for Social Welfare Professional Education, Vytautas Magnus University
Management and organisations in social work
Matters differ : comparative studies in social work and social policy
Community practice : theories and skills for social workers
Protective measures in working with people with intellectual disabilities: carers' views on protective measures and client participation
The profession of social work : guided by history, led by evidence
Social work and society : an introduction
The skilled helper : a problem-management approach to helping
Call to social work : life stories
Teaching secrets : the technology in social work education
The Social Workers' Toolbox aims to bring order to the diversity of tools which are so characteristic of social work: assessment tools, practice tools and outcome-measurement tools. The tools described in this Toolbox can be directly put into practice and adapted to the social workers' personalized approach with their individual clients and their environments. The underlying meta-theory for Sustainable Multimethod Social Work is the 'PIE-Empowerment Theory'. This theory defines social work practice in terms of the partnership between social worker and client and is aimed at enhancing quality of life through systematically and sustainably addressing human needs and human rights. The multimethod model promotes the flexible combination of well-written evidence- and practice-based tools. Packed full of useful checklists, the Toolbox is ideal reading for both inexperienced and more practiced social workers. The book provides a solid basis through the use of practical examples. For the more experienced social worker it offers a substantial resource and the means to legitimize a chosen course of action and social work intervention. Schools of social work will be able to use the book as an easily accessible resource for social work assessments, interventions and quality social work management.
Social work education in Europe
Social work and social philosophy : a guide for practice
Assessing deaf adults : critical issues in testing and evaluation
Counseling the culturally diverse : theory and practice
Social work in poland
The government agenda on Personalisation and self-directed support is fast-moving and rapidly changing. It is vital therefore that students and practitioners alike are aware of the key issues and debates, as well as the policy that surrounds this area of practice. This timely and fully revised second edition provides an overview of the personalisation agenda and looks at the recent legislation in a broad historical and theoretical perspective. This approach will provide opportunities for students to consider the changes to the social work role and to evaluate the impact of this for service users and as practitioners.
Social work matters : the power of linking policy and practice
Direct practice research in human service agencies
Social work and social work education
Effective staff training in social care : from theory to practice
Working with people : the helping process
European social work : commonalities and differences
Doing anti-oppressive practice : social justice social work
The assertive social worker
Social workers’ interpretations of generalist social work in rural areas
Practising social work ethics around the world : cases and commentaries
The essential social worker : an introduction to professional practice in the 1990s
Professionalization and activism in social work : the sixties, the eighties, and the future
Social, societal, social work and psychological as understood by academic social workers : towards the phenomena-based disciplinary identities
Understanding professional identity of social work : the Finnish case
Resilience and personal effectiveness for social workers
Stress management for human services
Personalisation for social workers : opportunities and challenges for frontline practice
Social work malpractice and liability : strategies for prevention
People who care : understanding and dealing with their stresses
Social work practice : a generalist approach
Teachers and student teachers in social work will gain valuable insight into the artistry that makes truly great teaching from the accounts found in this new book. Master teachers examine the processes they use in the classroom and present them in a format that facilitates the practical application of their ideas. The teaching methods recounted here emphasize the learners as the most important component of the teaching/learning experience and demonstrate techniques to enliven and enhance the reader?s own teaching methods. This vital book focuses on teaching “technologies,” defined as bodies of knowledge or skills ordered for use, that are comprised of techniques or systematic procedures that bring the technologies to life. By utilizing the techniques and technologies portrayed in this volume, social work educators at the graduate and undergraduate levels will become more effective at reaching their students and helping them grow into professional social workers. Teaching Secrets helps teachers increase the effectiveness of their teaching by demonstrating how to pay attention to acts and nuances that stimulate and assist students in their learning. Individual chapters focus on specific classroom environments, providing practical advice to improve learning in each situation. Social work teachers will discover more effective teaching through the use of student journals, the use of self in teaching doctoral research, the use of authority, and the benefits of student-student learning in work groups. Other chapters offer practical advice on reaching different groups of students such as black teachers leading white students, white teachers leading black students, and special efforts for reaching female students. This exciting book reveals that great teachers are not born but made, and shares the secrets that will help all social work educators to develop greatness in their own classrooms.
Theory and practice of social case work
Educating social workers
Professional expertise : practice, theory, and education for working in uncertainty
The structural approach to direct practice in social work : a social constructionist perspective
Human services : concepts and intervention strategies
The social workers' toolbox : sustainable multimethod social work
Practice wisdom : a guide for helping professionals
Staff burnout : job stress in the human services
Pre-acculturation among voluntary migrants
The police and social workers
Social work education reporter
Self-leadership in social work : reflections from practice
The social work ethics casebook : cases and commentary
"This helpful text represents another brick in the wall for social workers and social work students seeking to make sense of personalisation/person-centred support, personal budgets and the changing role of social work in the future...This book will help all concerned with social work make better sense of what this should look like - if it is to support social justice, inclusion and equality." (Professor Peter Beresford OBE, Brunel University and Chair, "Shaping Our Lives"). "This informative text bases the Personalisation discussion on real life examples and perspectives, providing a balanced account of the opportunities and obstacles faced by all stakeholders engaged in this agenda...The final chapter on managing change provides the reader with an opportunity to step forward in time and consider how Personalisation might be located within the historical timeline of delivering social care and whether concepts of co-production, empowerment and citizenship can in fact become central to this agenda. A book to get you 'thinking' and 'doing'." (Ali Gardner, Senior Lecturer, Manchester Metropolitan University, UK). "The authors have written a timely and highly topical book on the impact that Personalisation has and will have upon the world of Social Work. They do so in a very accessible way through highlighting the benefits of the model to all concerned, but crucially they explore some of the many concerns. In particular they address the anxieties expressed by qualified social workers upon their future role...I shall certainly draw upon the text for my own teaching and learning and will encourage students and practitioners to do the same." (Paul Hollingdale, Course Leader, University of Huddersfield, UK). Personalisation remains a huge talking point in the world of social care. This timely book addresses the tensions, opportunities and challenges faced by social workers attempting to implement personal funding and support. Written by three academics with extensive first hand experience of supporting people in personalised ways, the book highlights the ethical dilemmas and complexities of frontline practice and is grounded in a pragmatic and creative approach to personalisation. The authors offer an honest representation of positive aspects of personalisation and examine areas that cause concern. The book also: contains scenarios based on realistic examples of supporting service users and careers; recognises the political, social, cultural and individual factors that interplay in personalisation; provides a balance between an academic understanding of personalisation and application in practice; and presents a vision for what the future would look like with fully implemented personalisation in adult social care.
International social work : professional action in an interdepent world
Client violence toward Iranian social workers : a national study
Witness the night
Equine Assisted Activities in Finland : The current situation from the point of view of the people working in the field
Chronic illness, vulnerability, and social work : autoimmunity and the contemporary disease experience
Working with class : social workers and the politics of middle-class identity
Social work skills : a practice handbook
Enhancing the cultural competence of social workers
Skills for direct practice in social work
Listening to children : the professional response to hearing the abused child
Surviving your social work placement
Best practice in professional supervision : a guide forhelping professions
Social work and faith-based organizations
The moral purposes of social work : the character and intentions of a profession
Social work processes
Coordinating eldercare in the community : care management as a mode to implement welfare mix in Japan
Completely updated,Counseling the Culturally Diverse: Theory and Practice, Sixth Edition is the most widely used and critically acclaimed text on multicultural counseling, offering students and professionals essential and thought-provoking material on the theory, research, and practice of multicultural counseling. The new edition presents the newest research in the field of multicultural counseling, as well as an expanded section on microaggressions. With its unique conceptual framework for multicultural therapy, this book remains the best source of real-world counseling preparation for students and the most enlightened, influential guide for professionals.
The representations of social support from external resources by families raising children with severe disability in connection with dolphin assisted therapy
Becoming a social worker : a guide for students
eCompetence for social work
The pursuit of competence in social work
Work and the workplace : a resource for innovative policy and practice
Decolonizing social work
Employment practice and policies in youth, community and play work : in pursuit of fairness at work
Teaching practical social work : a guide for supervisors
The practice of field instruction in social work : theory and process : with an annotated bibliography
Stress in social work
Social work practice : a unitary approach
Social work education 1898-1955
Health and safety in youth and community work : a pocket guide
Character is destiny : the autobiography of Alice Salomon
Ethics is an increasingly important theme in social work practice. Worldwide, social workers experience common ethical challenges (how to be fair, whether to break a rule, how to act in politically tense situations) in very different contexts -- from disaster relief in China to child protection work in Palestine. This book takes as its starting point real life cases featuring ethical problems in the areas of: negotiating roles and boundaries, respecting rights, being fair, challenging and developing organisations and working with policy and politics. Each case opens with a brief introduction, is followed by two commentaries and ends with questions for reflection. The commentaries, written by authors from different countries, refer to relevant theories, concepts, practical matters, alternative courses of action and their implications. Features within the book include: An introductory chapter covering issues of global ethics Cases and commentaries drawn from across the world -- from Peru to Finland Cases based on real life situations and chapter introductions from leading authorities in social work and ethical theory Questions and practical exercises to aid teaching and professional development This book is a unique and accessible resource for stimulating ethical reflection, expanding ethical horizons and developing ethical and intercultural sensitivity. It is designed for use by undergraduate and postgraduate students and professionals in the fields of social work, social education/pedagogy, social care work, international social work, community development, community organisation, youth work and related fields.
Women, management and care
Working in social work : growing and thriving in human services practice
Social work : the social organisation of an invisible trade
Working with aggression and resistance in social work
Youth work ethics
Personalisation in social work
Professional choices : values at work
