http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11723 passion
passion
A room with a view
After we collided
Chime
Death's angel
The passion test: the effortless path to discovering your life purpose
This man confessed
In the flesh
An introductory guide to the sacred sexuality practices of modern schools of Tantra, and how you can use them to find meaning and healing in physical relationships.
Much ado about rogues : the Blackthorn brothers
The prize in the game
The best little book club in town
And then comes marriage
Though Feyre now has the powers of the High Fae, her heart remains human, but as she navigates the feared Night Court's dark web of politics, passion, and dazzling power, a greater evil looms--and she might be key to stopping it.
Adultery
My reading life
The black door
Captivated by you
Can a simple test change a person's life? Through their New York Times bestseller The Passion Test, Janet Bray Attwood and Chris Attwood have inspired thousands to shape their lives by discovering their passions and living according to what matters most to them. Readers can identify their top five passions by taking the Test, and then learn exactly how to align their lives with their priorities by following the Attwoods' easy-to-follow step-by-step program of action. Combining powerful storytelling and profound wisdom from models of passionate living such as Jack Canfield, Richard Paul Evans, and Stephen M.R. Covey, as well as drawing on their own personal experiences, the Attwoods show how living a full and impassioned life is not only possible, it's inevitable— for anyone willing to take the Test.
Exuberance : the passion for life
Love Bites : The mammoth book of vampire romance 2
The descent
The knight and the rose
Deadly beloved
When you love someone, how does it feel? And when you desire someone, how is it different? In Mating in Captivity, Esther Perel looks at the story of sex in committed couples. Modern romance promises it all - a lifetime of togetherness, intimacy and erotic desire. In reality, it's hard to want what you already have. Our quest for secure love conflicts with our pursuit of passion. And often, the very thing that got us to into our relationships - lust - is the one thing that goes missing from them. Determined to reconcile the erotic and the domestic, Perel explains why democracy is a passion killer in the bedroom. Arguesfor playfulness, distance, and uncertainty. And shows what it takes to bring lust home. Smart, sexy and explosively original,Mating in Captivity is the monogamist's essential bedside read.
The lesser bohemians
Wuthering bites
The Art of loving. 1
The night bookmobile
Mating in captivity : sex, lies and domestic bliss
The River Knows
A court of thorns and roses
Three weeks with Lady X
In office hours
The mystery of Edwin Drood and Master Humphrey's clock
The king is dead
The scoundrel and the debutante
Like water for chocolate : a novel in monthly installments, with recipes, romances and home remedies
Ripped
Aftershock
"A love story set in the gritty yet magnificent theater world of 1970's London"--
Wilful disregard : a novel about love
I love you but I'm not in love with you : seven steps to saving your relationship
Italian deception
Down to you
Fallout : a novel
Marrying Winterborne
When Jenny Thornton and her six friends open the white box given to her by the mysterious Julian, they discover a strange game and enter a house of horrors full of their worst nightmares, where they must triumph or die.
Passions within reason : the strategic role of the emotions
A Lady's pleasure
Release
Of human bondage
The whale caller
Adrian Ferrers, Earl of Rivenham, has been tasked by the king to uncover a traitor, but instead he finds a conspiracy. Lady Leonora knows that Rivenham is the devil in disguise and that the tension between them is as irresistible and unpredictable as their situation. When war breaks out she knows she has no choice but to put her trust in the man holding her hostage and hope that love does not become a weapon that will destroy both of them.
Tantra : how our relationships can become a path for spiritual growth
Lady Chatterley's lover
This man
Counting the stars
A slow passion
Deep and silent waters
The white road
The Pindar diamond
Landscape with animals
Presents a collection of stories that explores the heartbreak and radiance of love as it is shaped by passion, betrayal, and the echoes of intimacy.
Priority : a correspondence published by Jean-Luc Foreur
What happened in Vegas
Welcome to the sensual world of This Man...Young interior designer Ava O'Shea has no idea what awaits her at the Manor. A run-of-the-mill consultation with a stodgy country gent seems likely, but what Ava finds instead is Jesse Ward - a devastatingly handsome, utterly confident, pleasure-seeking playboy who knows no boundaries. Ava doesn't want to be attracted to this man, and yet she can't control the overwhelming desire he stirs in her. She knows that her heart will never survive him and her instinct is telling her to run, but Jesse is not willing to let her go. He wants her and is determined to have her. Includes a brand-new bonus scene from Jesse's perspective.
The river knows
Country : a novel
Art objects : essays on ecstasy and effrontery
Freedom from passions in Augustine
The taming of the rake : the Blackthorn brothers
A midsummer night's sin : the Blackthorn brothers
Intimacy
The forbidden game
Adultery : a novel
The dark arts of blood
A love story set in the gritty yet magnificent theater world of 1970's London
No night is too long
This is how you lose her
Hot-blooded husbands
The book lovers' appreciation society
The paying guests
Miles in love
The library of unrequited love
Boys don't knit
At your pleasure
Inés of my soul
Fortune's rocks : a novel
The passion of Mademoiselle S. : letters to a lover
"Breaking off the ordinary flow of experience, the passions create a state of exception. In their suddenness and intensity, they map a personal world, fix and qualify our attention, and impel our actions. Outraged anger drives us to write laws that will later be enforced by impersonal justice. Intense grief at the death of someone in our life discloses the contours of that life to us. Wonder spurs scientific inquiry." "In reintroducing us to our own vehemence, Fisher reminds us that it is only through our strongest passions that we feel the contours of injustice, mortality, loss, and knowledge. It is only through our personal worlds that we can know the world."--BOOK JACKET.
Beneath this man
The passion test : the effortless path to discovering your destiny
The Manor, the very place where their passionate love affair began, fills with guests on what should be the happiest day of Ava and Jesse's lives. She has accepted that she'll never tame the fierceness in Jesse -- and she doesn't want to. Their love is profound, their connection powerful, but just when she thinks that she's finally gotten beneath his guarded exterior, more questions arise, leading Ava to believe that Jesse Ward may not be the man she thinks he is. He knows too well how to take her to a place beyond ecstasy. But will he also drive her to the brink of despair? It's time for this man to confess.
One with you
Fool me twice
The vehement passions
The mystery of Edwin Drood
Release me
Representing the passions : histories, bodies, visions / edited by Richard Meyer
Himmler's cook
Possession : a romance
Madness of a seduced  woman
A court of mist and fury
