http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11766 lizards
lizards
The gecko
Salamanders and newts as a new pet
The lizard
Salamanders and newts...as a hobby
Snakes & reptiles : a portrait of the animal world
A cladistic analysis and taxonomic revision of the Plesiosauria (Reptilia: Sauropterygia)
The proper care of reptiles
Exotic animal medicine : a quick reference guide
Encyclopedia of reptiles and amphibians
Chameleons : everything about purchase, care, nutrition, and breeding
Keeping and breeding geckos
A complete guide to reptiles of Australia
Flying dinosaurs : how fearsome reptiles became birds
Everything you need to know about snakes and other scaly reptiles
Reptiles and amphibians : Care, behavior, reproduction
Anolis lizards of the Caribbean : ecology, evolution, and plate tectonics
Hands-on herpetology : exploring ecology and conservation
Do you know... the most slimy, scaly, deadly reptiles and amphibians... in the world?
Hidden wonders : the small 5005 of Southern Africa insects, spiders, frogs, reptiles
Devolopment of central catecholaminergic neuronal systems in the lizard Anolis sagrei
Life in cold blood
The illustrated encyclopedia of pterosaurs
All about lizards
Exotic pet handbook : a guide to buying, caring for and breeding unusual pets
Terrariums for your new pet
The summit herpetofauna of Auyantepui, Venezuela : report from the Robert G. Goelet American Museum-Terramar Expedition
BSAVA manual of exotic pets : a foundation manual
Lizards rare & common
Anaesthesia of exotic pets
GREEN IGUANAS & OTHER IGUANIDS
Pet owner's guide to the Leopard Gecko
50 really exotic pets : a fur-and-feather-free guide to the most lovable tarantulas, tortoises, snakes, frogs, lizards and other creatures
Island biogeography & population divergence in the Skyros wall lizard
A step-by-step book about pet lizards
Green iguanas and other iguanids
Evolutionary ecology of newts
Pocket guide to the reptiles and amphibians of East Africa
Chameleons : their care and breeding
Lizard : everything you need to know about cool and unusual pets
New Holland reptile and amphibian guide
Development of central catecholaminergic neuronal systems in the lizard Anolis sagrei
Practical reptile keeping : Helsinki
The ultimate guide to snakes & reptiles
Karyotype dispersal of the common lizard Zootoca vivipara (Lichtenstein, 1823) in eastern and northeastern Fennoscandia
Everything you need to know about animals
Conservation biology of the great crested newt in managed boreal forests in Finland
Who am I?
Guide to lizards : more than 300 essential-to-know species
Lizards of Brazilian Amazonia (Reptilia: Squamata)
The diversity of Moluccan varanid lizards
Designer reptiles and amphibians
The really horrible horny toad and other cold, clammy creatures
Snakes & reptiles : a potrait of the animal world
Geckos : keeping & breeding them in capitivity
All about chameleons and anoles
Breeding and keeping geckos
Developing dinosaurs and ancient worlds
The reptile world : a natural history of the snakes, lizards, turtles, and crocodilians
The chameleon
Green iguana : the ultimate owner's manual
Leopard and fat-tailed geckos
Exotic pet handbook : a family guide to buying, caring for and breeding unusual pets
The manual of lizards & snakes
Seba's snake and lizards
Reptiles & amphibians
Lizards as a new pet
The reign of the reptiles
Reptiles of the world : the crocodilians, lizards, snakes, turtles and tortoises of the eastern and western hemispheres
Green lizards vs red rectangles
Blue chameleon
Caring for green iguanas
Lizards : keeping & breeding them in captivity
Snakes and reptiles
Encyclopedia of pets & pet care : the essential family reference guide to pet breeds and pet care
Water dragons, sailfin lizards, and basilisks
MATELIJAT JA SAMMAKKOELÄIMET
The ultimate encyclopedia of small pets and petcare : the essential family reference guide to caring for the most popular pet species and breeds, including small mammals, birds, herptiles, invertebrates, and fish
The wide-ranging Eurasian common lizard Zootoca vivipara (Lichtenstein, 1823) is remarkably uniform morphologically but highly varied in its karyotype. Previous studies have revealed two distinctly different chromosomal forms of Z. v. vivipara in the Baltic basin. Moreover, a zone of secondary contact between these forms has been localized on the southern Baltic Sea seashore. Intraspecific karyotype diversity for Z. vivipara and new zones of secondary contact have recently been suggested for other parts of the Baltic Sea seashore. We studied the karyotype of Z. vivipara in central, western and northern parts of Finland. All the individuals karyotyped represented the Russian form of Z. v. vivipara that differs from the western form of the subspecies located at the southern and western Baltic Sea seashore. Together with previous data sets, our results suggest intraspecific karyotype diversity in the northern and northwestern parts of Fennoscandia. The results give support to the hypothesis of Z. vivipara's re-colonization of the Baltic Sea basin. Moreover, the results support the previous observations of Voipio (1961, 1968 and 1969) who has reported variability in the shield pattern of Z. vivipara in the same region.
Keeping and breeding lizards : their natural history and care in captivity
Keeping lizards : a practical guide to caring for unusual pets
Lizards and snakes
Taxonomy and evolution of Late Cretaceous lizards (Reptilia: Squamata) from western Canada
Lizards in captivity
Introduction to herpetology
Explore the deadly world of bugs, snakes, spiders, crocodiles and hundreds of other amazing reptiles and insects : the dramatic lives and conflicts of the world's strangest creatures shown in 1500 amazing close-up photographs
Lizards : a natural history of some uncommon creatures - extraordinary chameleons, iguanas, geckos, and more
Seasonal diet of an insular endemic population of southern grey shrike Lanius meridionalis koenigi on Tenerife, Canary Islands
Lizards : the dinosaurs are still with us
In the sky
Your first lizard
Lizards : the dinosaurs are still with us..
Bearded dragons : everything about purchase, care and nutrition
Flexibility in antipredatory behavior allows wall lizards to cope with multiple types of predators
Geckos : everything about housing, health, nutrition, and breeding
Lizards of the world
Lizard care from A to Z : from anoles to zonosaurs
A comparative anatomy of the neck region in lizards
Hybridization among western whiptail lizards (Cnemidophorus tigris) in southwestern New Mexico : population genetics, morphology and ecology in three contact zones
Weird creatures of the world
Need to know? : Exotic pets : expert advice on buying and caring for unusual pets
