http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11722 courtship
courtship dating (courtship)
The secret loves of geek girls
Mates, dates and the secret story
Mates, dates, and designer divas
Jake finds out
Real live boyfriends : yes, boyfriends, plural - if my life weren't complicated, I wouldn't be Ruby Oliver
Darcy's passions : pride and prejudice through his eyes : a novel
40 days of dating
P. S. I still love you
The (im)perfect girlfriend
Wicked games : a novel
Love is on the Air
Our own private universe
Dead Romantic
Princess on the brink
The flowers of evil. Volume 11
The flowers of evil. Volume 10
Sand chronicles. Vol. 2
This lullaby
In a small southern town with a secret world hidden in plain sight, sixteen-year-old Lena, who possesses supernatural powers and faces a life-altering decision, draws away from her true love, Ethan, a mortal with frightening visions.
Say I love you. 2
The flowers of evil. Volume 7
Say I love you. 16
Head over heart
The good bride guide
All I want is everything : a gossip girl novel
What my mother doesn't know
Let it snow : three holiday romances
The boyfriend list : 15 guys, 11 shrink appointments, 4 ceramic frogs and me, Ruby Oliver
The flowers of evil. Volume 2
The flowers of evil. Volume 8
Young women in Japan : transitions to adulthood
Ten minutes to fall in love
The treasure map of boys : Noel, Jackson, Finn, Hutch, Gideon - and me, Ruby Oliver
Girls in white dresses
Tommy Sullivan is a freak
Courtship
The matchmaker of Perigord
Girl nearly 16 : absolute torture
Princess Mia
Why men marry bitches : the nice woman's guide to getting and keeping a man's heart
Say I love you. 4
The secret life of husbands
Boywatching : up close... and getting closer
Where the love gets in
A Study of Habits and Behaviours, Plus Techniques for Taming Them From E. Lockhart, author of the best-seller We Were Liars, and the highly-acclaimed The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, comes this hilarious and heart-warming series. Here is how things stand at the beginning of newly-licensed driver Ruby Oliver's junior year at Tate Prep: Kim: Not speaking. But far away in Tokyo. Cricket: Not speaking. Nora: Speaking--sort of. Chatted a couple times this summer when they bumped into each other outside of school--once shopping in the U District, and once in the Elliot Bay Bookstore. But she hadn't called Ruby, or anything. Noel: Didn't care what anyone thinks. Meghan: Didn't have any other friends. Dr. Z: Speaking. And Jackson. The big one. Not speaking. But with a new job, an unlikely but satisfying friend combo, additional entries to The Boy Book and many difficult decisions help Ruby to see that there is, indeed, life outside the Tate Universe.
Carry on
Truly, madly, famously : a famous in love novel
Mates, dates & flirting
Say I love you. 15
Fifteen-year-old math prodigy Seth Gordon hopes to compete professionally playing Starfare, the world's most popular computer game, but when he gets the chance to move to Korea and train full-time, he may not be ready for the culture shock and leaving his possible girlfriend, Hannah
Princess in training
15 Guys, 11 Shrink Appointments, 4 Ceramic Frogs and Me, Ruby Oliver From E. Lockhart, author of the best-seller We Were Liars, and the highly-acclaimed The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, comes this hilarious and heart-warming series. Ruby Oliver is fifteen and has a shrink. But before you make up your mind about her, you should know that she has had a pretty awful (and eventful) past ten days.
Say I love you. 11
Real mermaids don't hold their breath
Real mermaids don't need high heels
A charmed life
Bridget Jones's diary
Say I love you. 12
Say I love you. 9
Boywatching : it's not just a hobby, it's a science
Boywatching : season three
Are these my basoomas I see before me?. book 10.
Say I love you. 13
Hazy summer nights
In three intertwining short stories, several high school couples experience the trials and tribulations along with the joys of romance during a Christmas Eve snowstorm in a small town.
Sand chronicles. Vol. 4
Love and kisses
How (not) to find a boyfriend
The matchbreaker
How to meet boys
Man of the month club
The sisters club : cloudy with a chance of boys
Love by numbers : the hidden facts behind everyone's relationships
Say I love you. 7
If I stay
The science of happily ever after : what really matters in the quest for enduring love
It's just a date! : how to... get 'em, read 'em and rock 'em
Say I love you. 5
A totally awkward love story
How to be bad
Love cheat
Girls & sex : navigating the complicated new landscape
Getting back out there : secrets to successful dating and finding true love after the big breakup
The acclaimed comedian teams up with a New York University sociologist to explore the nature of modern relationships, evaluating how technology is shaping contemporary relationships and considering the differences between courtships of the past and present.
Presents an analysis of the new sexual landscape faced by girls in today's high schools and colleges, revealing hidden truths, hard lessons, and important possibilities in girls' modern-world sex lives.
MODERN & CONTEMPORARY FICTION (POST C 1945). A dazzling urban satire of modern relationships? An ironic, tragic insight into the demise of the nuclear family? Or the confused ramblings of a pissed thirty-something? As Bridget documents her struggles through the social minefield of her thirties and tries to weigh up the eternal question (Daniel Cleaver or Mark Darcy?), she turns for support to four indispensable friends: Shazzer, Jude, Tom and a bottle of chardonnay. Bridget Jones's Diary was first published in 1996 and applauded by critics from Salman Rushdie to Jilly Cooper. A number-one bestseller, Helen Fielding's book has sold over fifteen million copies worldwide and has been turned into an Academy Award-nominated film starring Renee Zellweger, Colin Firth and Hugh Grant.
Guyaholic : a story of finding, flirting, and forgetting..
The flowers of evil. Volume 6
Say I love you. 1
Mates, dates and sizzling summers
Fifteen-year-old Aki Simon has a theory. And it's mostly about sex.  No, it isn't that kind of theory. Aki already knows she's bisexual—even if, until now, it's mostly been in the hypothetical sense. Aki has dated only guys so far, and her best friend, Lori, is the only person who knows she likes girls, too.  Actually, Aki's theory is that she's got only one shot at living an interesting life—and that means she's got to stop sitting around and thinking so much. It's time for her to actually do something. Or at least try.  So when Aki and Lori set off on a church youth-group trip to a small Mexican town for the summer and Aki meets Christa—slightly older, far more experienced—it seems her theory is prime for the testing.  But it's not going to be easy. For one thing, how exactly do two girls have sex, anyway? And more important, how can you tell if you're in love? It's going to be a summer of testing theories—and the result may just be love.
My girlfriend's a geek. v1.0
The flowers of evil. Volume 5
Jane Austen's guide to dating
Boys are OK!
Sand chronicles. Vol. 3
Advice on courtship & marriage
Drinking and dating : P.S. Social media is ruining romance
The truth : an uncomfortable book about relationships
Mates, dates utterly fabulous
The distance between us
The husband list
Because I'm worth it : a gossip girl novel
Princess jellyfish. 2
"With the geeky paradise of Amamizu-kan threatened by redevelopment plans, Tsukimi and Amars must spring into action. But the wily Inari-san and her hold on Shu forces Kuranosuke to pull out all the stops: money, blackmail, and ... fashion?! Though Amamizu-kan still struggles with Kuranosuke's stylish ways, the neighborhood fashionista has too much to lose, whether it's a hidden identity or priceless friendships. Tsukimi gets the chance to make her jellyfish dreams into a glamorous reality, but that means breaking out of her bubble! Can these misfit princesses save their castle?" -- Back cover.
Avalon High
Jane Austen's guide to romance : the regency rules
Dating : Philosophy for Everyone
It's a 50/50 thing
We'll always have summer
Mates, dates & cosmic kisses
To all the boys I've loved before
Princess in waiting
Forever princess
Mars and Venus on a date : 5 steps to success in love and romance
Say I love you. 3
Say I love you. 10
Mates, dates and pulling power
The younger man
Pretty face
The flowers of evil. Volume 3
History is all you left me
In real life
Dancing in my nuddy-pants
Hot little hands
The flowers of evil. Volume 4
It's not summer without you
After we collided
P.S. I still love you
The flowers of evil. Volume 9
Mates, dates and diamond destiny
Nick & Norah's infinite playlist
Get the guy : learn secrets of the male mind to find the man you want and the love you deserve
Summer in the sun
Say I love you. 8
"The Secret Loves of Geek Girls is a non-fiction anthology mixing prose, comics, and illustrated stories on the lives and loves of an amazing cast of female creators. Featuring work by Margaret Atwood (The Heart Goes Last), Mariko Tamaki (This One Summer), Trina Robbins (Wonder Woman), Marguerite Bennett (Marvel's A-Force), Noelle Stevenson (Nimona), Marjorie Liu (Monstress), Carla Speed McNeil (Finder), and over fifty more creators. It's a compilation of tales told from both sides of the tables: from the fans who love video games, comics, and sci-fi to those that work behind the scenes: creators and industry insiders." / Provided by publisher.
The birds and the bees
Isla and the happily ever after
The snog log
It's not me, it's you
Angus, thongs and full-frontal snogging. book 1
OCD-afflicted seventeen-year-old, Griffin, has just lost his first love – his best friend, ex-boyfriend and the boy he believed to be his ultimate life partner – in a drowning accident. In a desperate attempt to hold onto every last piece of the past, a broken Griffin forges a friendship with Theo’s new college boyfriend, Jackson. And Griffin will stop at nothing to learn every detail of Theo’s new college life, and ultimate death. But as the grieving pair grows closer, readers will question Griffin's own version of the truth – both in terms of what he’s willing to hide, and what true love ultimately means...
Love : the psychology of attraction
Modern romance
Mates, dates & inflatable bras
What boys really want
Falling
The square
Party poopers
Say I love you. 6
If I were you
Say I love you. 14
Princess in love
Mates, dates strictly gorgeous
Why men love bitches
Princess in the spotlight
The boy book : a study of boy habits and behaviours from me, Ruby Oliver
The rules of attraction
A want so wicked
Sand chronicles. Vol. 7
Avery Dennis is a high school senior and one of the most popular girls in her class. But a major public breakup with her boyfriend threatens to ruin Avery's plans for a perfect senior prom and Avery starts thinking about all the guys she's dated. How come none of those relationships worked out? Could it be her fault? Avery tracks down her exes and interviews them, compiling a total account of her dating history. She discovers some truths about herself along the way...just in time for prom night!
Sand chronicles. Vol. 1
