http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11729 building rights
building rights
Passage through the Great Belt : (Finland v. Denmark). Maps and annexes to the memorial of the Government of the Republic of Finland
The slog of foreigners : guide for foreign labour and companies in Finnish shipbuilding
Passage through the Great Belt : (Finland v. Denmark). Memorial of the Government of the Republic of Finland
Case study : utilization of customer perspective analysis for company environmental strategy development, electrical installation products manufacturer in the Nordic market
Asumisoikeus Oy Laivalahdenkaari 21, Herttoniemi, Helsinki = Laivalahdenkaari 21 : Right of Occupancy Housing
Environmental legislation and regulations of shipbuilding : case Finland and Spain
UNCITRAL : legal guide on drawing up international contracts for the construction of industrial works
Development of the contractual remedies in the international trade : comparative analysis and example of implementation in standard constructions contracts
Keating on offshore construction and marine engineering contracts
Provides in-depth guidance on the agreements involved in the construction of ships, rigs and other offshore vessels and structures. It will equip marine construction lawyers with a one-stop reference on all aspects of the modern shipbuilding and offshore engineering contracts and for dealing effectively with the problems that may arise. Written by a team of expert practitioners from Keating Chambers, the book: Examines the main standard form agreements used in marine construction, including the SAJ, BIMCO, the Norwegian 2000, AWES as well as LOGIC and FIDIC. Looks at the documents required for creation of a marine construction contract e.g specifications, drawings, programmes of work. Discusses the general rules of formation and construction of offshore construction contracts, including commonly found implied terms and limitation clauses. Covers Changes to contract terms and considerations that need to be made from contractor and buyer’s perspectives. Covers Changes to contract terms, and differences in approach between standard shipbuilding and engineering contracts. Analyses in detail all the issues surrounding Time in contracts, the obligations, delay and extensions. Looks at Payment, including potential extra payments, permissible delay and damages. Considers the rights and obligations of parties following contractual or common law termination. Deal with guarantees, bonds and insurance. Covers the dispute resolution frameworks used in international shipbuilding contracts, including litigation in the Commercial or Technology and Construction Court, and ADR. Examines the growing influence of land based construction case law, and provides in-depth commentary of relevant authorities.
Hovioikeuden toimitalo : Kouvola = Court of appeals
Abstract: Municipal self-governance in planning.
Construction contracts : principles and policies in tort and contract
The EU compendium of spatial planning systems and policies : Ireland
Changing circumstances in international project financed construction contracts
Building permits : a comparative study
Planning and building
The JCT intermediate building contracts 2005
The Dark side of international business? : stakeholder approach to human trafficking in finnish service and construction sectors
The social ramifications of the damming of the river Alta
The EU compendium of spatial planning systems and policies : Italy
The EU compendium of spatial planning systems and policies : Sweden
My school, our world : incredible and unusual schools around the world
Land use and building
Delay clauses in international construction contracts
An outline of planning law
Stability under scrutiny
Construction law : an outline of law and practice relating to the construction industry
The EU compendium of spatial planning systems and policies : Denmark
International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea
Elements of land law
Beyond failure : forensic case studies for civil engineers
Planning law in Western Europe
Access for disabled people to arts premises : the journey sequence
Pictoral symbols of the temple of justice : heritage of legal enlightenment of King Gustav III, founder of the Vaasa court of appeals / Virpi Harju
EIA in connection with the construction of bridges over the Danish straits
Law, justice and fatherland as parliamentary icons : interpretation fo images of the law in Finland's parliament buildings / Liisa-Maria Hakala
Urban property market and land law in Finland
Permanent establishment in cross-border construction projects : when is there a permanent establishment
The EU compendium of spatial planning systems and policies : Portugal
The EU compendium of spatial planning systems and policies : France
Use of qualitative comparative analysis (QCA) in comparative law : comparison of the legal regulation of sustainable development in physical planning in Denmark and Finland
Hudson's building and engineering contracts : including the duties and liabilities of architects, engineers and surveyors
State aids to shipbuilding
The Supreme Court Building, Jerusalem
Cautious about precaution : recent judicial practice concerning the status of precautionary principle in international law
Courthouse violence : protecting the judicial workplace
Abstract: Partitioning of the permitted building volume as a proplem in general planning.
Building competence to manage contractual claims in international construction environment : the case of Finnish contractors
