http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1170 monocotyledons
monocotyledons
Monocots : comparative biology and evolution : excluding Poales [ papers presented at the Third International Conference on the Comparative Biology of the Monocotyledons ("Monocots III") and the Fourth International Symposium on Grass Systematics and Evolution ("Grasses IV") ..
Guide to the vascular plants of central French Guiana. Part 1, Pteridophytes, Gymnosperms, and Monocotyledons
The Fourth International Conference on the Comparative Biology of the Monocotyledons & The Fifth International Symposium on Grass Systematics and Evolution, Copenhagen, Denmark 11-15 August 2008, University of Copenhagen, Denmark. : abstracts / Monocots 4
Illustrated handbook of succulent plants : monocotyledons
Introduction to phylogeny and systematics of flowering plants
Catalogue of Canadian plants. Part 4-5, Endogens, Acrogens
Monocot weeds. 3, Monocot weeds excluding grasses : Einkeimblättrige Unkräuter ausser Gräser = Monocotylédones adventices sauf les Graminées = Malezas monocotiledónes no gramíneas
Plants from test tubes : an introduction to micropropagation
Monocotyledons and gymnosperms of Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands
Monograph of the monocotyledon-inhabiting species of Lophodermium
Monocotyledons : systematics and evolution. Vol. 2
The families and genera of vascular plants. 3, Flowering plants. Monocotyledons : Lilianae (except Orchidaceae)
Monocots : comparative biology and evolution : Poales [ papers presented at the Third International Conference on the Comparative Biology of the Monocotyledons ("Monocots III") and the Fourth International Symposium on Grass Systematics and Evolution ("Grasses IV") ..
The families and genera of vascular plants. 4, Flowering plants. Monocotyledons : Alismatanae and Commelinanae (except Gramineae)
Sieve elements : comparative structure, induction and development
The Arabic plant names of Peter Forsskål's flora Aegyptiaco-Arabica
Trees & shrubs of the Sudan
Monocotyledons : systematics and evolution. Vol. 1
The flora of Canada. Part 2, Pteridophyta, Gymnospermae, Monocotyledoneae
Illustrated flora of East Texas. Volume one, Introduction, pteridophytes, gymnosperms, and monocotyledons
