http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11797 chapels
chapels
In 1440, on the feast of Saints Peter and Paul, Florence unexpectedly defeated Milanese forces near the town of Anghiari in eastern Tuscany. Nicholas A. Eckstein reveals the impact of this celebrated victory on Florentine public life and how it could have triggered the custodians of the Brancacci Chapel, the Carmelite friars, to seek the completion of frescoes by Masolino (1383-1447) and Masaccio (1401-1428). Today, tens of thousands of people visit the Brancacci Chapel annually to gaze at the brilliant frescoes of Saint Peter's life. Universally recognized as a canonical masterpiece of the Florentine Renaissance, these glowing murals span the interior in long panels. The first serious examination to position the frescoes at the heart of Tuscan society and culture, Painted Glories teems with fascinating characters and intrigue. In swiftly paced prose, Eckstein explores the chapel's history, medieval culture, and art patronage, progressively peeling back the story's layers amid the tumultuous politics of the 15th-century Florentine state.
Italian painting : the renaissance
Pyhän ristin kappeli = Helga korsets kapell = Chapel of the Holy Cross = Heiligenkreuzkapelle
The Otaniemi Chapel : the XX International Carlo Scarpa Prize for Gardens ; [... edited by Domenico Luciani and Patrizia Boschiero ; translation: John Millerchip ... et al.]
20th century architecture : Finland
Chapel of Vuotso
The Sistine Chapel
Petra - the mountain of Aaron : The Finnish archaeological project in Jordan. Volume 1, The church and the chapel
Pyhän Ristin kappeli Turku = Chapel of the Holy Cross
Chapel of the Holy Cross Turku 1963/1965-1967
Resurrection Chapel Turku 1938/1939-1941
Hiljaa hälyn keskellä : Kampin hiljentymiskappeli, Helsinki : Silence amidst the bustle of the city : Kamppi Chapel of Silence, Helsinki
Michelangelo : the Vatican frescoes
Churches, chapels, and Maya dwellings of colonial Yucatán and Belize : a postcolonial approach
Employee orientation for international employees : case Kappeli and Rosso Ympyrätalo
Bauen für dir Staatskirche : Kirchenarchitektur in Finnland 1950-2000 = Building for the state church : church architecture in Finland 1950-2000
The 13th century Danish sailing description and the archipelago chapels
Michelangelo and Raphael with Botticelli, Perugino, Signorelli, Ghirlandaio and Rosselli in the Vatican : the Sistine Chapel, the Pauline Chapel, the Stanzas and the Loggias
Michelangelo and the pope's ceiling
Michelangelo : the Sistine Chapel
The Otaniemi Chapel : the XX International Carlo Scarpa Prize for Gardens
1000 sacred places : the world's most extraordinary spiritual sites
Michelangelo and Raphael : with Botticelli-Perugino-Signorelli-Ghirlandaio and Rosselli in the Vatican : all the Sistine Chapel, the Stanzas and the Loggias
All the frescoes of the Sistine Chapel
Michelangelo : paintings, sculptures, architecture
The sistine chapel : Michelangelo rediscovered
Contemporary architecture Finland
Wood architecture in Finland
The Raphael cartoons
Pfeiffer Chapel, Florida Southern College, Lakeland, Florida, 1938 & Beth Sholom Synagogue, Elkins Park, Pennsylvania, 1954
Sub specie aeternitatis : Erik Bryggman's Resurrection Chapel
Coins, radiocarbon and stratigraphy : dating methods and their problems in connection with inhumation graves of Kappelinmäki in Lappeenranta and other Karelian cemeteries
Lichtzauber und Materialität : Kirchen und Kapellen in Finnland seit 2000 = Materiality and the magic of light: churches and chapels in Finland since 2000
The American Memorial Chapel in St. Paul's Cathedral
The Last Judgement : Michelangelo and the death of the Renaissance
Bronzino's chapel of Eleonora in the palazzo Vecchio
Michelangelo : sculptor, painter, architect
Chapel in Karigasniemi
Vuoristokappeli, Andelsbuch, Itävalta = Mountain Chapel, Andelsbuch, Austria
Michelangelo and the Pope's ceiling
The reliefs of the chapel of Nebhepetre Mentuhotep at Gebelein (CGT 7003/1-227)
Finnish architecture with an edge
Finnish harvest : Kaija and Heikki Sirens' chapel in Otaniemi
Human scale in Finnish architecture = Humaner Maßstab in finnischer Architektur = Arquitectura Finlandesa a escala humana
Rosslyn and the Grail
This thesis studies how managerial work is changing because of internationalization in the service sector's work force. The focus of the research is on the new employee orientation process in two case restaurants, Kappeli and Rosso Ympyrätalo. The objectives of the research are to outline the current situation of this process in the case restaurants, to compare the views of managers and employees and to find the best ways to implement the overall orientation process. The theoretical part includes diversity management and new employee orientation. It presents reasons for managing diversity and the stages involved in effective diversity management. It examines the application of diversity management in human resource management and work groups, as well as the role of the manager in diversity management. The goals of new employee orientation theory are presented, along with the manager's role in it. The theoretical part also focuses on the importance of orientation material and how new employee orientation is different for international employees. The thesis is done as a qualitative research using case study method. The research is done through semi-constructed interviews in the case restaurants. Both managers and employees are interviewed in order to get a comprehensive understanding of the current situation. The empirical part was conducted in fall 2013. The results are combined to present the structure of both the recruitment and orientation processes in the case restaurants. Conclusions show that these organisations are heading towards effective diversity management, but also that managers and employees have different perception of the overall orientation process. The managers' improvement ideas, the most important qualities of a manager regarding international employees and best methods of implementation are presented in the conclusions.
Josquin's Rome : hearing and composing in the Sistine Chapel
The Hitis Kyrksundet
Sacred spaces : contemporary religious architecture
Giotto : 1300-1305 : map of the Scrovegni chapel
The Vence Chapel : the archive of a creation
The Babylon rite
The seafarer's chapel of Vänö
Painted glories : the Brancacci Chapel in Renaissance Florence
Sacral space : modern Finnish churches
20th-century architecture. 7 : Finland
Agnolo Gaddi and the Cappella maggiore in Santa Croce in Florence : studies after its restoration
The Woodland Cemetery : toward a spiritual landscape : Erik Gunnar Asplund and Sigurd Lewerentz 1915-61
The Oratory, St. James's Cemetery Liverpool : a guide to the building and its monuments
Churches & chapels in Åboland
The voice of the Åland churches
Contemporary world interiors
St-Loupin luostarin kappeli, Pompaples, Sveitsi = Chapel for the Convent of St-Loup, Pompaples, Switzerland
Michelangelo : the frescoes of the Sistine Chapel
Anchorage of imagination / Sven Sandström
