http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11788 positions (physical properties)
positions (physical properties)
Fairburn system : the Fairburn System of visual references ; set No. 1 : male and female - full figure and hands. Book 2, female - full figure
Merrill's atlas of radiographic positions and radiologic procedures : volume one
Leaf orientation and the spectral reflectance of field crops
A management model for physical risks in the care work
Yoga for you and your child : the step-by-step guide to enjoying yoga with children of all ages
Diastasis recti : the whole-body solution to abdominal weakness and separation
Fairburn system : the Fairburn System of visual references ; set No. 1 : male and female - full figure and hands. Book 3, male and female - situation poses and hands
Journal of prosthetics and orthotics
Tradigital Maya : a CG animator's guide to applying the classic principles of animation
The video dictionary of classical ballet
The modern yoga bible : the definitive guide to yoga today
Yin yoga : outline of a quiet practice
Facilitation techniques : based on NDT principles
Body language : [published to accompany a segment of a 1999-2000 exhibition titled Modern starts at the Museum of Modern Art] / M. Darsie Alexander ... [et al.]
Conceptual drawing : freehand drawing & design visualization for design professionals
Anatomy of cycling
Understanding balance : The mechanics of posture and locomotion
EXERCISE & WORKOUT BOOKS. Whether you're a dedicated yogi looking to perfect your asanas at home or an absolute beginner, Secrets of Yoga brings you all the insight and information you need to get the most from your practise. This comprehensive, illustrated guide will teach you how to unite body and mind to enhance health, wellbeing and awareness through a combination of breathing, stretching, and spiritual and mental focus. Discover different schools of yoga, insight into the benefits of time spent on your mat, and follow the detailed instructions to a series of classic yoga poses to deepen your understanding and enhance your practice.
Assessment of the lower limb
The effect of different body positions and of water immersion on the mechanical characteristics of passive skeletal muscle
Occupational disease : the skeleton in puppeteer's closet
Ballet : beyond the basics
Evaluation of the novel balance measuring procedure
Iyengar yoga : classic yoga postures for mind, body and spirit
Textbook of radiographic positioning and related anatomy
Force platform posturography : methodological aspects and practical applications
The functional foot orthosis
Body movements during postural stabilization : measurements with a motion analysis system
Water and sexuality
Gait : an interactive tutorial
Evaluation and management of gait disorders
The Alexander technique manual : take control of your posture and your life
Radiographic positioning and procedures : a comprehensive approach
Systematic musculoskeletal examination : including manual medicine diagnostic techniques
Kaplan radiography exam: with CD-ROM
Grey field : search for an intermediate solution on the field of seating
Art models : life nudes for drawing, painting and sculpting
An investigation of the clinical assessment of joint position sense
Merrill's atlas of radiographic positioning & procedures. Vol. 1
Healthy string playing : physical wellness tips from the pages of String Magazine
1000 poses in fashion
Cause we got style! : european hip hop posing from the 80s and early 90s
T'ai chi step by step : a fully illustrated teaching plan, shown in over 250 photographs
Mudras : yoga in your hands
MRI parameters and positioning
The book of love : every couples guide to emotional and sexual intimacy
Novel methods for diagnostics of obstructive sleep apnea : effect of weight loss, gender, and sleeping position on severity of apnea, hypopnea and desaturation events
Muscles and meridians : the manipulation of shape
Human response to vibration
Secrets of yoga
The power of ashtanga yoga. II : the intermediate series : a practice to open your heart and purify your body and mind
A handbook of anatomy for art students / by Arthur Thomson
StudyWare to accompany Radiographic positioning & procedures : a comprehensive approach
A cultural history of gesture / with an introduction by Keith Thomas ; edited by Jan Bremmer and Herman Roodenburg
Pocket manual for Radiographic anatomy & positioning
The Osteoporosis exercise book : building better bones
Anatomy of yoga : for posture and health
Balance in movement : the seat of the rider
Workbook to accompany Radiographic positioning & procedures : a comprehensive approach
Doga : Yoga for you and your dog
Healing yoga : proven postures to treat twenty common ailments from backache to bone loss, shoulder pain to bunions, and more
Figures and faces : a sketcher's handbook
Safely positioning the surgical patient
Alexander technique : skills and inspirations for well being
Workbook for Textbook of radiographic positioning and related anatomy
Merrill's atlas of radiographic positioning & procedures. Vol. 2
Figure poses for fashion illustrators
Pocketbook of radiographic positioning
Secrets of rejuvenation  : zen warrior exercises
Chair yoga : sit, stretch, and strengthen your way to a happier, healthier you
A sense of dance : exploring your movement potential
Healthy practice for musicians
Effect of sitting position on muscle activation and force generation in simulated sit ski double poling and on balance perturbation test
Monster book of manga drawing : 150 step-by-step projects for beginners
Merrill's atlas of radiographic positions and radiologic procedures : volume two
Applications manual for radiographic anatomy positioning : an integrated approach
Stability and trim for the ship's officer
Principles of radiographic positioning and procedures pocket guide
Human figure drawing : drawing gestures, postures and movements
365 sex moves : positions for having sex a new way every day
Anatomy of hatha yoga : a manual for students, teachers, and practitioners
Centered riding 2 : further exploration
Essential fashion illustration : poses
Merrill's atlas of radiographic positions and radiologic procedures : volume three
Merrill's atlas of radiographic positioning & procedures. Vol. 3
The one-leg resting position (Nilotenstellung), in Africa and elsewhere
The complete guide to yin yoga : the philosophy and practice of yin yoga
KBS-3H complementary studies 2008-2010
Art student's anatomy / by Edmond J. Farris
Birthing positions : what do women want? Do midwives know best?
Art models : life nudes for drawing painting and sculpting
Adult positions, transitions and transfers : reproducible instruction cards for caregivers : therapist guide
Anne Hooper's Kama Sutra : classic lovemaking techniques reinterpreted for todays' lovers
Evidence-based patient handling : tasks, equipment and interventions
100 hot sex positions
Kinesiology for dummies
Nonverbal behavior in interpersonal relations
Fairburn system : the Fairburn System of visual references ; set No. 1 : male and female - full figure and hands. Book 1, male - full figure
This book shows us how to learn to draw the human figure through developing the ability to observe the subject. Drawing the human figure is crucial for artists, but is also one of the most complex aspects of drawing. This book provides innovative ways to capture the nature of gestures, and also ways to overcome a lack of confidence in this area in order to face the challenge of figure drawing with a childlike boldness and curiosity.
Genetic and environmental effects on hearing acuity and the association between hearing acuity, mobility and falls in older women
