http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11733 schoolwork
schoolwork
Time and school learning : theory, research and practice
How to manage interaction in international project planning in web conference
Victim without a face
Abstract.
Best practices for co-operation between vocational education and nature-based enterprises : Envolwe (Nature Based Entrepreneurs and Vocational Education Training Providers Learning and Working Together), best practice report
Teachers' pedagogical beliefs : definition and operationalisation - connections to knowledge and performance - development and change
Promoting client centered substance abuse care in St. Petersburg : "Return to society" -project
Mothering for schooling
Studying the Aspects of Knowledge  Creation in the LAB Studio Model
School, family, and community partnerships : your handbook for action
Small group teaching : tutorials, seminars and beyond
Feedback from Metropolia graduates: studying in an English Degree Program as an Immigrant  and their Road to Working Life
INternational and OUTstanding : a short book about international affairs at Humak University of Applied Sciences in degree programme in civic activities and youth work
Educational innovation in Kazakhstan : the case of Bolashak Finland
Informing transitions in the early years : research, policy and practice
Guidelines for entrepreneurship training in rural areas
On "good" academic work : practicing respect at close range
Practices in cooperation between universities and businesses
Oulu UAS educates professionals for the needs of Northern Finland, whose competence corresponds to the needs and development of working life in the region. We react quickly to the changes occurring in working life and the requirements of new competence.    At the degree programme of Information Technology we aim to develop our teaching to include more real-life project work: our curricula include increasingly more company-related projects. This way we are able to provide our students with a more realistic view of the everyday work at companies, and also improve their employment opportunities.    The purpose of this publication is to spread the word about the projects and results achieved by the students and staff of the Information Technology department. In addition to student projects, our department is also involved in many domestic and international projects well worth mentioning. Yearly, our students complete hundreds of thesis and project work. This publication also presents good examples of our successful projects.
An introduction to instructional services in academic libraries
Part-time work, part-time studies : the effects of working alongside studying at the Department of Languages in the University of Jyväskylä
Feedback from Metropolia graduates : studying in an English Degree Program as an Immigrant and their Road to Working Life
Perusterveydenhuolto 2013 = Primärvård 2013 = Primary health care services 2013
Diploma of higher education : competence modules for everyone
What is it that makes some children bully and some become victims? What can you do if despite your best efforts, a child keeps on taunting another? What steps can you take before communicating with parents and what will you say? The practice of bullying endures in all schools today. Despite the implementation of bullying policies, parents and staff can be equally perplexed: not really understanding what they have or haven't done to allow it to happen. Christine Macintyre explores this highly emotive topic, asking why as many as one in 12 school children are bullying victims, and will show in a highly practical way, what can be done to support the children and help staff improve their own practice. This book will provide help and guidance on: enhancing the self-esteem of the affected children, showing how new-found confidence will enable children to offset the effects of being bullied or indeed being a bully; how to tell parents their child is bullying or being bullied, and how to build up a meaningful and mutually supportive relationship with them; and, creating a learning environment that prevents the desire for children to bully. Based on case studies giving first hand accounts of real-life situations, and evaluations of strategies that have been tried and tested, this book suggests fresh and inspiring ways of tackling a problem faced by many practitioners today.
Parents' perceptions and experiences of home and school cooperation in English teaching in the secondary school
International collaboration : towards joint research activities in the strategic partnership
Better Life with Energy and Intelligence Technology : The Third Research Forum of Changzhou University and Satakunta University of Applied Sciences
Täyttä elämää kaikille : ylempi AMK -symposium III = Full life for all : UAS Master symposium III : proceedings
The teacher as a source of educational support : exploring teacher-child interactions and teachers' pedagogical practices in Finnish preschool classrooms
Innovation competencies development : INCODE barometer and user guide
Work placement periods in university studies : recommendations on the planning, implementation and reporting of internships and other work placement periods – for students, universities and employers
Abstract: The purpose of this study was to conduct an evaluation study based on the feedback from former students with immigrant background of the English Degree Program in Social Services (DPSS) with the help of interviews. The idea of the evaluation was to harness what elements in the curriculum of the degree program had been useful during the studies and for later working life. The evaluation study was divided into three parts including their feedback on the study curriculum, studying in a multicultural environment and experiences on the process towards working life. A qualitative approach was used in carrying out the study. Semi structured interviews were used in collecting data. The study was focused on the individuals experiences and personal opinions in order for it to be able to provide a detailed feedback for the working life partner. Former students of the English degree program with immigrant background were contacted and six interviews were used for this study including two teacher interviews. The findings showed that the curriculum and the multicultural study environment generally played a supportive role for the former students of the DPSS. Work placements were regarded as the most beneficial element of the curriculum regarding employment opportunities in Finland. In conclusion, the results indicate that although there was a certain amount of dissatisfaction regarding the English language skills used in teaching, students were generally satisfied. The students were mainly motivated about getting a bachelor's certificate since they knew that the degree program will provide them one.
How the Hospitality Management Degree in Vaasa University of Applied Sciences Corresponds to Working Life
Developing partnership co-operation in student exchange with Italian Universities
The Cooperation between Savonia University of Applied Sciences and West Anhui University
This book is about building leadership capacity in indivudals and in institutions, through enhancing professional relationships. It is based on the importance of maximising potential, and harnessing the ongoing commitment and energy needed to meet personal and professional goals.
Project Management in Deli project : Creating Social Tools to Promote School Lunch
Abstract: Developing Partnership Co-operation in Student Exchange with Italian Universities
Participative leadership practice in junior high schools and actions to improve the practice : a case study of Sekyere south district, Ghana
Technological research for a better future : the 4th Research Forum of Changzhou University and Satakunta University of Applied Sciences
Children's achievement behaviors in relation to their skill development and temperament
In search of lost postmodern - descriptions of school social work expertise in official documents : a rhetorical discourse analytic approach
Pieces of the big picture : exploring employment of rehabilitees with European partners
General competences of school curriculum in adventure module for school youth worker
Coaching educational leadership : building leadership capacity through partnerships
Making practical training a success : case: international practical training process at Lahti University of Applied Sciences
Toward a home-school health partnership : a participatory action research study, 2008-2010
Doing classroom research : a step-by-step guide for student teachers
Perusterveydenhuolto 2012 = Primärvård 2012 = Primary health care services 2012
School codes and teachers' work : three studies on teacher work contexts
Getting a job requires many things: hard skills, soft skills, the right attitude and motivation. To develop the degree programme in Business Information Systems in Oulu university of Applied Sciences (Oulu UAS), three surveys were conducted, to study importance of skills and knowledge in professional life: a graduate career survey in 2013, an employer survey in 2014, and a student survey in 2015. According to the results, readiness for change, learning skills and basic ICT skills seem to be the most important skills. To succeed at work, an adequate basis of hard skills, soft interpersonal and communication skills are needed. Also problem solving and pressure endurance seem to be very important.
The role of the principal's instructional leadership at schools in Indonesia
Measurement and statistics for teachers
Promoting Intercultural Management for Working Life in the Baltic Sea Region : A Five-Year Project. Thoughts, Experiences and Impact
Habits of mind and academic endeavors : the correlates and consequences of achievement goal orientations
The Role of Motivation in a Successful Internship
Cooperation between Higher Education Institutions and Businesses
School counseling for the twenty-first century
Pupil-related psychosocial factors, school setting, and teacher sick leave : a collaborative data study
The Longitudinal Study of Medical and Health Care  Students' Experiences and Attitudes Towards  Interprofessional Learning in First Semester Course
Creating effective teaching and learning environments : first results from TALIS
Human dignity in the learning environment : testing a sociological paradigm for a diversity-positive milieu with school starters
Collaborative knowledge construction in authentic school contexts
Training of students ́scientific reasoning skills
Jyväskylän yliopiston vuosi 2015 = University of Jyväskylä 2015
The way of mindful education : cultivating well-being in teachers and students
The teacher's guide to success
Cultural perspectives on higher education
Interprofessional course "Public health and interprofessional collaboration" was planned for the first semester medical and health care students by two universities of Oulu, Finland. The course architecture was built on blended methods including lectures, video based workshops, interactive e-learning phase based on family cases with everyday health and wellbeing problems of the family members. The course ended with student conference. All together 1681 students from ten different degree programs participated in the course during the years 2007-2013. In this paper we describe the students' readiness and attitudes towards interprofessional learning (IPL) with RIPLS (Readiness towards interprofessional learning scale) in the beginning of the course and students' feedback and learning experiences at the end of the course using the web based inquiry. The attitudes and readiness towards IPL were evaluated quite positive. The highest RIPLS scores were evaluated in Teamwork and collaboration. The different development of the attitudes between the groups was seen in Roles and responsibilities. In the longitudinal perspective the medical students evaluated all of the subscales lower than the health care students. The scoring stayed in the same level during the years. The difference between the groups was significant. The learning outcomes correlated linearly with students' own activity. Those students, who took actively part in web and group discussions learned most. Family cases helped them to get the big picture of the service system. Based on students feedback participative methods gradually replaced the traditionally methods like lectures during the years. The learning outcomes were evaluated relatively good.
Principal's role in building trust with teachers for a better school climate in Chinese schools : a case study of a high school in Sichuan, China
How to manage children's challenging behaviour
Studies on higher education choices and spatial labour markets
An excursion to project hatcheries : students' experiences in multidisciplinary learning projects
An active attitude and the spirit of doing : hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
Adventurous decade and more : Diak's partnership in Asia
Reaching standards and beyond in kindergarten : nurturing children's sense of wonder and joy in learning
The school study : a code book
Working life correspondence of the curriculum in the Degree Programme in Facility Management
Two gruesome murders have shocked the Swedish town of Helsingborg. The first victim, a thug who liked using his fists, died with his hands sawn off. His sidekick, a fan of steel-capped boots, was crushed to death feet-first. Both men were bullies in the same class at school. Is someone serving justice after thirty years? The killer leaves no trace behind. But for lead investigator Fabian Risk, the lack of forensic evidence is not the only problem. He too was a student in that class--which makes him both a potential victim and a potential suspect... Full of unremitting suspense and unexpected twists, Stefan Ahnhem's Victim Without a Face is a sensational thriller from a superb debut storyteller. -
In recent years, many Finnish universities of applied sciences (UAS) have engaged in systematic development of their educational expertise and services by adapting them for global education markets. The export of education has been acknowledged as its own sphere of operations, which is not only reliant on top-quality education but also requires new skills and competences, as well as novel mindsets, from the actors in higher education institutions. This publication, initiated by the international committee of the Rector's Conference of Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences (Arene), gathers UASs' experiences of education export so far, while also providing ideas regarding future aims and expectations for operations in the field. The articles in this publication have been drawn up by 52 education experts representing 13 Finnish UASs, as well as their important interest groups and cooperation partners. These articles not only provide thorough descriptions of the organisation of education export activities within the UASs' structures, they also describe the implementation and delivery of cooperation activities, solutions and services to customers around the world. Moreover, the texts indicate the various areas within which Finnish UASs have been able to productise and sell their education.
FemaleForum : competence for the future
Evaluation of Bachelor's level education at the Aalto Mikkeli Campus : alumni survey in cooperation with SEFE
Occupational well-being of school staff : experiences and results from an action research project realised in Finland and Estonia in 2009-2014
From education to work : report from Friskie EU -project
International issue
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
Learning to teach : a critical approach to field experiences
Job satisfaction among secondary school teachers in Tanzania : the case of Njombe district
Innovative entrepreneurship education in the Nordic-Russian context : project report
Taking up one's worries : a handbook on early dialogues
The organisations of higher education are constantly changing. Universities,  colleges, private schools and online universities refine their pedagogical  methods and learning models in a competitive market. This article is a study  on whether one such model helps students to gain new knowledge. A study  of the LAB studio model (LSM), which is a pedagogical model developing  connections between working-life based problems and the recognition and  development of business-related prototypes and start-up companies, is presented.  The LSM, theoretically grounded in a constructivist view of learning  with a project-based education at its core, has the key goal of educating  entrepreneurial competences in higher education. Based on the case study,  comprising a literature review of knowledge creation and a survey, the qualitative  results analysis suggests that LSM offers a promising support for knowledge  creation. The results lead to the conclusion that LSM provides support  especially for the various modes of the SECI model, such as socialisation  and internalisation, and seems to support organisational knowledge creation  aspects as well.
Entrepreneurial learning in practice : How work-life and entrepreneurship experience can be utilized in higher education studies?
Promoting regional engagement of universities : experiences of A.S.A.P. work package 4
Export of education by Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences : reflections on best practices
Language workshop - children "tasting" foreign languages before systematic language teaching in schools
Hard Skills or Soft Skills? : Findings about Importance of Various Skills in Work
Higher education research in Finland : emerging structures and contemporary issues
Stakeholder dialogue and regional engagement in the context of higher education
Fostering the relationship between home and school : a case study of a senior secondary school in the Gambia
Benchmarking innovative curricula design process over continents
In 2013–2015, JAMK University of Applied Sciences implemented a national pilot project Diploma of Higher Education based on a proposal by the Finnish Ministry of Education and Culture. The aim was to determine the need for working life for competence modules consisting of parts of higher education degrees which diversify the offering and participants. Similar higher education programmes have grown more common internationally. JAMK UAS implemented four diploma of higher education programmes as UAS open studies: Agricultural Entrepreneur Business Competence, Gerontological Rehabilitation, HR and Financial Specialist and Purchasing Specialist. The aim of the students was to expand their competence, develop their own work and further advance in their careers. For the training to succeed, it was important to invest in instruction, support group formation and have flexible implementation models. The students were able to develop their competence based on their own individual needs and the needs of working life, regardless of their educational background. Groups that promoted peer learning and networking were felt to be the strengths of the training. The costs for students were also very moderate. If needed, the studies can later be credited towards a degree programme. Diplomas of higher education are a quick and flexible way to implement various competence modules that meet the needs of working life. The students and employers have appreciated the pre-packaged, clear and sufficiently advanced competence modules of 60 ECTS cr.
Where should I begin ? How could I develop? : a handbook for teachers in general education to implement work life and entrepreneurship in their daily practices
Thinking outside the box : enhancing science teaching by combining (instead of contrasting) laboratory and simulation activities
How to market Kymenlaakso University of Applied Sciences and increase its competitiveness in Chinese market in order to attract more Chinese degree students.
Bullying and young children : understanding the issues and tackling the problem
This book analyses higher education from cultural perspectives and also to reflect on the uses of intellectual devices developed in the cultural studies of higher education over the last decades. The first part of the book presents fresh perspectives to integrate cultural studies in higher education with wider societal processes. Professor William G. Tierney speaks about trust and culture in higher education, whereas Professor Imanol Ordorika opens a political perspective to higher education institutions. The second part of the book studies the internal life of higher education. Relying on a variety of cultural perspectives, the chapters explore the actual day-to-day practices taking place in higher education, ranging from student socialisation, student consumerism, tensions in combining academic and market-oriented targets in knowledge production to the formation of academic identities in different disciplinary and organisational cultures. The focus in the third part of the book is to use cultural perspectives developed in previous studies on disciplinary and organisational cultures as a framework to understand a variety of processes and reforms taking place at the institutional level of high education. The chapters in this part of the book analyse the Bologna Process, the evolution of scientific fields in American universities, organisational cultures in Chinese post-merger universities, and doctoral education and cooperation with industry.
Developing Partnership Co-operation in Student Exchange with Italian Universities
Towards global and sustainable higher education : the GLORE project fostering north-south partnerships in Finnish universities of applied sciences
The career potential of migrant scholars in Finnish higher education : emerging perspectives and dynamics
The joy of reading handbook : improving reading motivation and multiliteracy through collaboration between schools and libraries
The politics of school management
The triple helix : university-industry-government innovation in action
Toward connectivity : internships of Finnish universities of applied sciences
Quality handbook of higher education in Finland and Russia
Investing in home-preschool collaboration for understanding social worlds of multilingual children
Love and forgiveness in the global community : designing Master's Degree in Global Health Care - Master of Health Care
Intercultural and Interprofessional Environment in the Social and Health Care Higher Education at Lahti University of Applied Sciences
The priest of evil
Combi2011 : conference proceedings
School, culture and well-being : ArctiChildren research and development findings from northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and north-west Russia
Excellence in education : the making of great schools
Abstract. - Yhteenveto.
The managers' handbook for European university lifelong learning
Creativity in the classroom : schools of curious delight
