http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11734 grades (education)
grades (education)
Essays on school resources, academic achievement and student employment
Teachability and school achievement : is student temperament associated with school grades ?
European glossary on education. Vol. 1, Examinations, qualifications and titles
Gender and education : an encyclopedia
Ethics in practice : an anthology
Investicionno-kreditnyj slovar' : v dvuh tomah = Investment and credit dictionary : in two volumes. Tom 2 : Russko-anglijskij slovar' : okolo 12 000 terminov
Dictionary of multicultural education
Liberty in the age of terror : a defence of civil liberties and enlightenment values
Essays in Sudan ethnography : presented to Sir Edward Evans-Pritchard
European glossary on education. Volume 4, Management, monitoring and support staff
The visual food encyclopedia
Teachability and school achievement : is student temperament associated with school grades?
The harm in hate speech
The futures markets dictionary
One hundred words for equality : a glossary of terms on equality between women and men
The difficulty of tolerance : essays in political philosophy
Demystifying Asian values in journalism
Dialogue among civilizations : the case of Finnish-Iranian human rights expert dialogue
European glossary on education. Volume 1, Examinations, qualifications and titles
Conspiracy theories & other dangerous ideas
Reappraisal of some classics of paremiology
Good government : the relevance of political science
Transforming classroom grading
This work shows that research in political science does not always shy away from the big questions.
Myth and mentality : studies in folklore and popular thought
Paremiological correspondence and its after-thoughts
"Few studies have fully examined Asian values in journalism and the related debate in terms of their contexts, evolution, features, limitations, contributions, and implications. Little research has comprehensively looked into the components and origins of Asian values in journalism although their existence have been sporadically investigated. Consequently, the topic has been much mystified. Placed in the theoretical framework of ideological domination and control, the book is designed to demystify the topic by addressing nine questions regarding the above-mentioned areas through documentary research and historical-comparative analysis."--Jacket.
Proverb semantics : studies in structure, logic, and metaphor
Scala naturae : Festschrift in honour of Arvo Krikmann for his 75th birthday
European glossary on education. Volume 2, Educational institutions
Innocence lost : Islamism and the battle over values and world order
How to predict the unpredictable : the art of outsmarting almost everyone
Grades and grade assignment : effects of student and school characteristics
De-testing and De-Grading Schools : Authentic alternatives to accountability and standardization
Student assessment guide for vocational education and training : abbreviated version
International dictionary of finance
How to assess authentic learning
Investicionno-kreditnyj slovar' : v dvuh tomah = Investment and credit dictionary : in two volumes. Tom 1 : Anglo-russkij slovar' : bolee 12 500 terminov
