http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11740 record results
record results
The Guinness book of British hits albums
World football records 2010
Highest mountain deepest ocean : a pictorial compendium of natural wonders
The universe chapter
The sport chapter
A voyage for madmen
Allum's antiques almanac 2015 : an annual compendium of stories and facts from the world of art and antiques
Guinness world records 2013
Football record breakers
Kapp to cape : never look back : race to the end of the Earth
People
The human chapter
The engineering chapter
Natural History Museum animal records
Top 10 of everything 2015
Ivy and Bean break the fossil record
The society chapter
Extreme insects
Women's firsts
The fastest men on earth : 100 years of the land speed record
The oldest recorded animal in Finland : ontogenetic age and growth in Margaritifera margaritifera (L. 1758) based on internal shell increments
King of kong : a fistful of quarters
The real wonders of the world
Guinness world records. 2009 : gamer's edition
Guinness world records 2012
Who's better, who's best in hockey? : setting the record straight on the top 50 hockey players of the expansion era
Football record breakers : goal scorers! Trophy winners! Football legends
As fast as words could fly
Animal record breakers
The animals chapter
With It Can't Be True 2! you will never see your jar of honey the same way again once you realise that it took 1,308 honey bees to make it. Or notice a small snail in your garden without thinking of the gargantuan Giant Ghana Snail with its 30cm long shell! The outstanding array of topics and amazing facts will satisfy all readers, comparing comets to Los Angeles and the weight of the global ant population to that of the human race. Cutting-edge visuals make the most astounding facts digestible, and bring the statistics to life!
World motor sport records 2011
London 2012 Olympic Games : the official book
Jurassic record breakers
Guinness world records 2016 : gamer's edition
All time world list : women
Man on fire
Horrid Henry's world records
Nature's world records
The Hamlyn A-Z of British football records
BBC Sport world Formula 1 records
Maailman nopein intiaani : The world's fastest Indian
A Kinematic Analysis of Three Best 100 m Performances Ever
The all-sports record book
Norris McWhirter's book of historical records : the story of human achievement in the last 2,000 years
The human achievement chapter
World record breakers in track & field athletics
It can't be true!. 2
The adventure chapter
Guinness world records : daring dogs
The wibbly wobbly jelly belly flop
Guinness world records : the videogame : Wii
Track and field : secrets of the champions
The science chapter
Progression of world best performances and IAAF approved world records
All time world list. 1, Women
1001 sporting records
Guinness world records 2012 : gamer's edition
Library world records
Guinness world records 2013 : gamer's edition
Forest giants of the world, past and present
Jane's encyclopedia of aviation : Aircraft A-Z. 1, AA-An (AAMSA-Antonov)
99 : Gretzky : his game, his story
It can't be true!
Aviation : Record breakers ; Innovations in modern flight technology
Women's Firsts provides information on nearly 2,500 ground-breaking historical and social achievements involving women from all cultures. Coverage includes accomplishments and honors in all fields of endeavor from antiquity to the present, with special emphasis on the 19th and 20th centuries.
Hot rods and dragsters : the definitive guide to the fastest-accelerating cars ever made
Firsts for Finland
For the record, or, how we saved Port Bren with cake and other household goods
All time world list. 2, Women
Olympic track & field : complete men's and women's Olympic track and field, results, 1896-1976, plus a wealth of other Olympic esoterica
Marathon man : one man, one year, 370 marathons
Guinness world records. 2010
Guinness world records. 2015
The entertainment chapter
Land speed record
Space record breakers
The Guinness book of records 1492 : the world five hundred years ago
Guinness world records. 2012 : gamer's edition
