http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11737 steel
steel
Effect of microstructure on the mechanical properties and bendability of direct-quenched ultrahigh-strength steels
Abstract.
Rautaruukki steels under critical conditions  2000.
Adding extra load bearing capacity to reinforced concrete
beams
Improving competitiveness in production by integrating transformational leadership with human resource strategy : case study: WISCO
The Book of Steel
Space frame furniture : a furniture series, based on engineering structures, using 8mm steel rod
Dusts, scales and sludge as input material in converter process
Uni axial tensile necking of steel dog-bone specimens
Sheet steel forming handbook : material data
DB surface inspection using machine vision
Structural design of steelwork to EN 1993 and EN 1994
Advances in nanoscale functionalization of stainless steel surfaces
Modern buildings : their planning, construction and equipment : vol. 4
The carriage of steel
Oxidation induced nanostructures on copper, copper-silver alloy and austenitic steel surfaces studied by electron spectroscopic methods
Modelling of conditional variance and uncertainty using industrial process data
Batchix revisited
The influence of structure and alloying on the cold-formability of ferritic steels and the utility of uniaxial tensile testing in its assessment
Introduction to steelwork design to BS5950-1:2000
Study on the Conductivity of Coated Steel Plate
Modeling of air entrapment into the AOD  by FLUENT6.1
6th European Stainless Steel Conference : Science and Market, Helsinki, Finland, June 10-13, 2008 : proceedings
Ultrastructure of biofilms formed by bacteria from industrial processes
Teräs. Osa 2, Kuumavalssatut rakenneteräkset : ainestandardit = Stee. Part 2, Hot rolled products of structural steels : material standards
Steelwork design guide to BS 5950:1:2000.. Vol. 1, Section properties, member capacities
Constructional steel design : an international guide
Hitsatut painelaiteteräsputket = Welded steel tubes for pressure purposes : tekniset toimitusehdot = technical delivery conditions. 6, Jauhekaarihitsatut seostamattomat teräsputket mataliin käyttölämpötiloihin = Submerged arc welded non-alloy steel tubes with specified low temperature properties
Hitsatut painelaiteteräsputket = Welded steel tubes for pressure purposes : tekniset toimitusehdot = technical delivery conditions. 3, Seostetut hienoraeteräsputket = Alloy fine grain steel tubes
Selected heat conduction problems in thermomechanical treatment of steel
Hitsatut pyöreät teräsputket yleiseen käyttöön : tekniset toimitusehdot : standardi = Welded circular steel tubes for mechanical and general engineering purposes : technical delivery conditions. Osa 2 = Part 2, Ruostumattomat teräkset = Stainless steel
Modelling the hardenability of steel : a response curve approach
Aim of this thesis was to investigate the Ruukki Raahe steel plant’s installed base of continuously operated process analyzers, make a critical analysis and identify opportunities to improve condition monitoring. In addition, there was a need to regard operation and investment of the peak gas analyzer, as well as find out whether the maintenance of analyzers transfer to responsibility of centralized maintenance makes sense. The thesis was commissioned by electrical department of Ruukki workshop. The analyzers installed base and relevant information was sorted out by interviewing specialists and equipment suppliers and searching information on Arttu and Alma systems. The criticality of analyzers was defined as in case failure and operation by interviewing different professionals at the plant. Opportunities to improve condition monitoring were clarified as it stands and in the future. Opportunities and challenges of analyzers maintenance concentration was surveyed at the maintenance point of view.
Studies on hot-dip zinc-aluminium coated sheet steels
Worked examples according to EN 1993-1-3 : Eurocode 3, part 1.3
Structural changes in consumption and trade in steel
On the decomposition of austenite in vanadium - treated fine grain steels
Kinetics and mechanisms of non-metallic inclusion precipitation and transformation in steel
Terästen sisältämien epämetallisten sulkeumien metallograafinen määrittäminen vertailukuvasarjan avulla = Micrographic examination of the non-metallic inclusion content of steels using standard pictures
Design of steel structures. Modul 5, Cross-sectional resistance
Stress corrosion cracking of austenitic stainless steel at room temperature
53rd Ironmaking Conference proceedings. Vol. 53, Chicago meeting, March 20-23, 1994
Business relationship digitalization : a case study from the steel processing industry
Knowledge discovery method for deriving conditional probabilities from large datasets
Civil engineering materials and their testing
Manufacturing and erection of telecommunication towers
Proceedings of the 13th Nordic Steel Construction Conference (NSCC-2015) / 23-25 September 2015, Tampere, Finland : invited keynotes and extended abstracts
European recommendations for steel construction : the design of composite floors with profiled steel sheet
Project in Cor-Ten steel by Evert Strobos
Dynamic strain aging of austenitic stainless steels and Ni-base alloys
Shear strength of clinched connections in light gauge steel
First principles modeling of metallic alloys and alloy surfaces
Engineering materials : disc 2
Physical simulation of hot working : measurements of flow stress and recrystallization kinetics
Fabrication and properties of stainless steel sandwich structures
Advanced mathematical model for Rautaruukki's ladle - phase 1
High-quality steel rolling : theory and practice
Bendability tests for ultra-high-strength steels with optical strain analysis and prediction of bending force
Terästuotteiden määritelmät = Definition of steel products
Microstructure and properties of reversion treated low-Ni high-Mn austenitic stainless steels
Physical chemistry of iron and steel manufacture
Hot ductility of austenitic and duplex stainless steels under hot rolling conditions
Converting gas and waste water treatment by OG-system in steel smelting industry
Carbon and nitrogen in steel : determination of content and distribution by electron probe microanalysis (EPMA)
Valut : ultraäänitarkastus = Founding. ultrasonic examination. Osa 1 = Part 1, Teräsvalut yleiseen käyttöön = Steel castings for general purposes
Press notice : coal
Ironmaking and steelmaking : theory and practice
Mathematical modelling of steel ladle of Raahe Steel
Proceedings to the METNET Seminar 2016 in Castellon : METNET Annual Seminar in Castellon, Spain, on 11-12 October 2016
Strain rate history effects in a metastable austenitic stainless steel
Practical heat treating
Outokumpu Stainless Corrosion handbook
Concise encyclopedia of the mechanical properties of materials
Thick section laser beam welding of structural steels : methods for improving welding efficiency
Welding technology for engineers
As a result, a table of steel plant’s analyzers was produced in the thesis. The table will be documented and attached to the analyzers maintenance works, in order for maintenance and investment services to utilize it. Critical review of analyzers reveals for example the use of the analyzer, criticality, spare equipment and spare parts situation. Investment of new peak gas analyzer system is a clear justification, as set out in the thesis. As a means of improving condition monitoring introduces filling of calibration certificates in calibration context. At the same time improves the analyzers maintenance manuals in Arttu system. In addition, e-mail transmission of blast furnaces analyzer alarms was introduced in the thesis. Action is proposed that instead of concentrating analyzers maintenance to workshop, improves the plant's internal networking.
Hitsatut painelaiteteräsputket = Welded steel tubes for pressure purposes : tekniset toimitusehdot = technical delivery conditions. 4, Sähkövastushitsatut seostamattomat teräsputket mataliin käyttölämpötiloihin = Electric welded non-alloy steel tubes with specified low temperature profiles
Modern machine shop's guide to engineering materials
55th Ironmaking Conference proceedings. Vol. 55, Pittsburgh Meeting, March 24-27, 1996.
European recommendations for steel construction : good practice in steel cladding and roofing
The steel construction of aeroplanes
Ferriittis-austeniittinen valuteräs ydinvoimalatarkoituksiin = Austenitic-ferretic cast steel for nuclear power reactor
Hitsaus  = Welding : betoniterästen hitsausmenetelmäkokeet = welding of reinforcing steel. Osa 1 = Part 1, Voimaliitokset = Load-bearing welded joints
Continuously hot-dip coated steel sheet and strip : tolerances on dimensions and shape : European standard
Design of steel structures. Modul 6, Stability of columns and beams
An agile supply chain for a project-oriented steel product network
Manufacturing, mechanical properties and corrosion behaviour of high-Mn TWIP steels  Atef Saad Hamada
Diffusion chromising and nickelising of steel by chemical vapour deposition
56th Ironmaking Conference proceedings. Vol. 56, Chicago Meeting, April 13-16, 1997.
Metals handbook. 3, Properties and selection: stainless steels, tool materials and special-purpose metals
Corrosion of high-alloy stainless steels in the wet phosphoric acid
On the simulation and control of the continuous casting process
Exposure to chromium and its long-term health effects in stainless steel production
Guidelines for the Protection of Steel Piles : Corrosive Marine Environment
Hitsatut painelaiteteräsputket = Welded steel tubes for pressure purposes : tekniset toimitusehdot = technical delivery conditions. 1, Seostamattomat teräsputket huoneenlämpötiloihin = non-alloy steel tubes with specified room temperature properties
Sfs-käsikirja. 66-9, Hitsaus. Osa 9: Betoniterästen hitsaus : Welding of reinforcing steel
Framework for analysing and developing information integration [Elektroninen aineisto]  : a study on steel industry maintenance service supply chain
Development and processing of low carbon bainitic steels
Magic metal : building of steel, aluminium, copper and tin
Alternative Design for Steel Roof Truss
Prefabricated modular construction : a  practical comparative analysis between wood, concrete and steel modular units in Germany
Design of steel structures. Modul 7, Cold-formed profiles and sheeting
Steel buildings : analysis and design
Behaviour of refractory materials in vacuum ladles
Manufacturing processes. 2, Grinding, honing, lapping
Hitsattavat betoniteräkset : yleiset vaatimukset = Steel for the reinforcement of concrete : weldable reinforcing steel : general
Concise iron & steel dictionary : Swedish-english english-swedish
Microstructure, cleavage fracture and toughness of granular bainite in simulated coarse-grained heat-affected zones of low-carbon high-strength steels
Sheet steel forming handbook : size shearing and plastic forming
HNS 98 : 5th International Conference on High Nitrogen Steels, Espoo-Finalnd, May 24-26, 1998, Stockholm-Sweden, May 27-28, 1998 : abstracts
Saumattomat pyöreät teräsputket yleiseen käyttöön : tekniset toimitusehdot : standardi = Seamless steel tubes for mechanical and general engineering purposes : technical delivery conditions. Osa 2 = Part 2, Ruostumattomat teräkset = Stainless steel
Teräsköydet : turvallisuus = Steel wire ropes : safety. Osa 4 = Part 4, Säikeiset köydet yleisiin nostotarkoituksiin = Stranded ropes for general lifting applications
Press notice : steel
Steel away : a guidebook to the world of steel sailboats
Valut : ultraäänitarkastus = Founding. ultrasonic examination. Osa 2 = Part 2, Teräsvalut suuresti rasitettuihin kohteisiin = Steel castings for highly stessed components
On the interaction between inclusions in steel and the cutting tool during machining
Proceedings of the METNET Seminar 2015 in Budapest : METNET Annual Seminar in Budapest, Hungary, on 13-14 October 2015
Forge-practice and heat treatment of steel
Behavior of martensitic wear resistant steels in abrasion and impact wear testing conditions
The working, heat treating, and welding of steel : supplemented with a series of laboratory assignments
Metal Separator for Copper and Stainless Steel
Outsourced High-strength Steel Purchasing
Continuous casting of steel : 1984-1989 = Teräksen jatkuvavalu : 1984-1989
Outsourced high-strength steel purchasing
Sheet steel joining handbook : joining of high strength steels
Welding of AHSS/UHSS steel : a guide for the automotive industry
The behavior of stabilized high-chromium ferritic stainless steels in hot deformation
Firm but slippery attachment of Deinococcus geothermalis
Design of steel structures. Modul 4, Global analysis
Dephosphorization of stainless steel : a literature survey
Hiiletysteräkset = Case hardening steels : tekniset toimitusehdot = technical delivery conditions
Inclusion engineering and grain size control of steels : literature review
Advances in stainless steels
Calculation of dendrite arm spacing in solidified steels
Model for predicting the evolution of steel temperature in a continuous casting tundish on the basis of expert knowledge
Constructions since 1900 : materials
Calculation of density in liquid steels
Future materials in agricultural construction : technical report
Reactions of ruthenium, rhodium, platinum and gold with carbon monoxine and hydrogen in the presence of steel
Calculation of viscosity in liquid steels
Steel : monthly bulletin
Mathematical modelling of Rautaruukki's ladle. Part 2
Incredible Industry : preserving the evidence of industrial society
82nd Steelmaking Conference proceedings : Chicago, Illinois March 21-24, 1999.
Metallic thin film structures and polarization shaping gratings
Sheet steel handbook : design and fabrication in high strength sheet steel
The metallurgy of steel castings
Fundamentals of steelmaking
Research of ultra-high-strength and wear-resistant steels using advanced techniques
The McGraw-Hill recycling handbook
Handbook of structural steel connection design and details
The industrial revolution in iron : the impact of British coal technology in nineteenth-century Europe
Lightweight Sandwich Panel in Cold Stores and Refrigerated Warehouses
60th Ironmaking Conference proceedings. Vol. 60, Baltimore, Maryland March 25-28, 2001
Bracing cold-formed steel structures : a design guide
58th Ironmaking Conference proceedings. Vol. 58, Chicago, Illinois March 21-24, 1999.
Seismic design in Europe and the Russian Federation : Steel and reinforced concrete buildings of moderate importance
Prevention of steel melt reoxidation in tundish
Handbook of residual stress and deformation of steel
A modified nominal stress method for fatigue assessment of steel plates with thermally cut edges
