http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11728 bats (mammals)
bats (mammals)
All about bats
The bat detective : a field guide for bat detection
Goodnight, Baby Bat
Butyltin compounds in the food web : impacts on chironomids and Daubenton's bats
20 ways to draw a butterfly and 44 other things with wings : a sketchbook for artists, designers, and doodlers
Griffin, a young bat, is sucked into the "Underworld," and his father follows to rescue him / Library of Congress.
Bats and bat flowers in a West African rainforest community
Seed dispersal by bats in the Neotropics
Investigating the role of bats in emerging zoonoses : balancing ecology, conservation and public health interest
Butyltin compounds in the food web : impacts on chironomids and Daubentons's bats
Bat habitat requirements : implications for land use planning
Bat research news
Sensory exotica : a world beyond human experience
Ecology of bats
Vision in echolocating bats
Distribution of Nathusius' pipistrelle Pipistrellus nathusii (Keyserling & Blasius, 1839) in Finland
Firewing
The bat workers' manual
Phylogenetic relationships of Icaronycteris, Archaeonycteris, Hassianycteris, and Palaeochiropteryx to extant bat lineages, with comments on the evolution of echolocation and foraging strategies in Microchiroptera
The senses : a comprehensive reference. Vol. 3, Audition
Recent advances in the study of bats
Phylogeny of phyllostomid bats (Mammalia: Chiroptera) : data from diverse morphological systems, sex chromosomes, and restriction sites
Continues the adventures of Shade, a young bat, as he searches for his father and struggles to prevent the evil jungle bat Goth from wiping out the sun / Library of Congress.
Injustice. 2, Gods among us
Red pizzas for a blue count
The bats of Europe & North America : knowing them : identifying them : protecting them
The book of Indian animals
Ecological and behavioral methods for the study of bats
Bats of Britain, Europe and Northwest Africa
Catalogue of Mammalia in the Indian Museum, Calcutta. Part 1, Primates, Prosimiæ, Chiroptera, and Insectivora
The best birdhouses for your backyard
The bat house builder's handbook
Bats : a portrait of the animal world
Bat research in southern Finland : faunistic notes from summer 1982 (Chiroptera, Vespertilionidae)
Bats in Ireland
Genetic structure of Daubenton's bat (Myotis daubentonii) populations from the Archipelago in South-West Finland : possible effects of tributyltin
A family of bats
Bird, bee & bug houses : simple projects for your garden
Communication in the chiroptera
Bats and rabies
A guide to bats of Britain and Europe
Spooky, Spooky, little bat
Bat rabies and other lyssavirus infections
The perfect pet
Catwoman : Nine lives of a Feline Fatale
Cave life
Studies on bats and bat parasites : especially with regard to Sweden and other neighbouring countries of the north. 1
On the cranial osteology of Chiroptera. 1, Pteropus (Megachiroptera, Pteropodidae)
A close-up look at the lives of bats as they hunt, fly and eat together.
Seasonal variation in fruit consumption and seed dispersal by canopy frugivorous bats in lowland mature and successional forests of Peru
Bats in forests : conservation and management
British bat calls : a guide to species identification
Light dependent behavioural responses in certain insects to bat predation
"In Kaarina, Soutwest Finland, there is a traditional, two-storey wooden house. The ceiling spaces of the house have been roost of a maternity colony of the northern bat for at least 30 years. The bat house is located in the centre of Kaarina, in a area that is intended, according to the confirmed town plan for the southern sector of the centre, for the construction of blocks of flats. This study looked at the patterns of the northern bat (Eptesicus nilssonii) and whether the threats caused by construction could be reduced." -- takakansi.
When a newborn bat named Shade but sometimes called "Runt" becomes separated from his colony during migration, he grows in ways that prepare him for even greater journeys / Library of Congress.
The world of bats : acoustic identification of French bats
Rabies in bats : natural history and public health implications
The Japanese bat fauna : a comparative study of chorology, species diversity and ecological differentiation
Batman Superman. Vol 1, Cross world
Guidelines for surveillance and monitoring of European bats
Tits (Parus major and Parus caeruleus) preying upon hibernating bats
New world nectar-feeding bats : biology, morphology and craniometric approach to systematics
The analysis of bat droppings
Bats and viruses : from pathogen discovery to host genomics
Managing the grey-headed flying-fox as a threatened species in NSW
How to find a fruit bat
Proceedings of the 3rd European bat detector workshop, 16-20 August 1996, Larochette (Lux.)
Human health and forests : a global overview of issues, practice, and policy
The world of bats
Distribution patterns and habitat use by bats in relation to landscape heterogeneity, and consequences for conservation
The skeletons want a pet. Skelly finds a bat in the tower and thinks she'll be the perfect pet but Bony Tony doesn't agree!.
Distribution and status of bats in Europe
Extremely weird bats
On the trail of the northern bat : a radio-tracking study of the northern bat (Eptesicus nilssonii) colony in southwestern Finland
The world of bats : the flying goblins of the night
Approximately 75% of emerging infectious diseases are zoonoses, and the rate of emergence of zoonotic diseases is on the rise. Bats are being increasingly recognised as an important reservoir of zoonotic viruses of different families, including SARS coronavirus, Nipah virus, Hendra virus and Ebola virus. Understanding bats' role in emerging zoonotic diseases is crucial to this rapidly expanding area of research. Bats and Viruses: A New Frontier of Emerging Infectious Diseases provides an updated overview of research focusing on bat biology and the role bats play as hosts of many major zoonotic viruses. The text covers bat biology, immunology, and genomics. Chapters also delve into the various major bat-borne virus families, including lyssaviruses, paramyxoviruses, coronaviruses, filoviruses and reoviruses, among others.
Phylogenetic relationships of mormoopid bats (Chiroptera: Mormoopidae) based on morphological data
First records of Myotis dasycneme and Pipistrellus pipistrellus in Finland
The atlas of Slovenian bats (Chiroptera) = Atlas netopirjev Slovenije (Chiroptera)
Bat biology and conservation
Bats : biology and behaviour
Morphological phylogeny of the bat genus Platyrrhinus Saussure, 1860 (Chiroptera: Phyllostomidae) with the description of four new species
Bats in the belfry
The interrelationships of the mammalian genera. Volume 1, Monotremata, Marsupialia, Insectivora, Chiroptera, Endentata
First observation of breeding Nathusius' pipistrelle (Pipistrellus nathusii) in Finland
Bats of Britain and Europe
Small mammal, bat and carabid beetle inventories and update of game statistics for the Olkiluoto site in 2004
Batmouse
Food webs in the era of molecular revolution : like resolving the Gordian knot with a tricorder?
