http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11725 dance therapy
dance therapy
Sensing, feeling and action : the experiential anatomy of body-mind centering
Process in the arts therapies
Dancing communities : performance, difference, and connection in the global city
Using voice and movement in therapy : the practical application of voice movement therapy d Paul Newham
Supervision of dance movement psychotherapy : a practitioner's guide
No handicap to dance : creative improvisation for people with and without disabilities
Dancing prophets : musical experience in Tumbuka healing
Mindful movement : the evolution of the somatic arts and conscious action
The metaphoric body : guide to expressive therapy through images and archetypes
Art-based research
Therapeutic dance/movement : expressive activities for older adults
Dance movement therapy : a healing art
Refrains for moving bodies : experience and experiment in affective spaces
Movement therapy across the life-span
Forensic art therapies : anthology of practice and research
Dance-Stress Connections explains the cognitive, emotional, and physical dimensions of dance in a spectrum of stress management approaches. This book offers lessons learned from the experiences of people of different cultures and historical periods, as well as current knowledge, on how to resist, reduce, and dance away stress in the disquieting times of the 21st century.
The Moving Researcher : Laban/Bartenieff Movement Analysis in Performing Arts Education and Creative Arts Therapies
Returning to health with dance, movement and imagery
Art and culture - keys for better brain health : developing service models with a citizen-centred approach
Creative arts therapies and clients with eating disorders
An introduction to medical dance/movement therapy : health care in motion
Arts-based therapy of eating disorders in youth
The art and science of dance/movement therapy : life is dance
Nu : a dance piece with music generated by the dancers' movements in Soundbeam
Body, movement and dance in psychotherapy : An international journal for theory, research and practice
Handbook of inquiry in the arts therapies : one river, many currents
Handbook of culture, therapy, and healing
Body movement : coping with the environment
Dance/movement therapy : a healing art
Did you ever climb a tree? : a children's multimedia work group, a way in - and out again
Making connections : total body integration through Bartenieff fundamentals
Disability arts against exclusion : people with learning difficulties and their performing arts
Artistic inquiry in dance/movement therapy : creative research alternatives
Abstract: Going dancing from the male point of view as analysed using Nelson's occupational mode.
Strategies for resolving individual and family problems
Dance movement therapy : theory and practice
Dance therapy and depth psychology : the moving imagination
Movement study and Benesh movement notation : an introduction to applications in dance, medicine, anthropology, and other studies
The art and practice of dance/movement therapy
My body moves in music therapy : body movements and their role in music therapy in the treatment of depression and an eating disorder : a case study
Arts therapies and clients with eating disorders : fragile board
Hearing, feeling, playing : music and movement with hard-of-hearing and deaf children
Dance therapy : theory and application
When I open my eyes : dance, health, imagination
The field of forensic arts therapies is dynamic and diverse, and so this unique volume covers a fascinating range of work. It brings together a collection of presentations given at FATAG conferences, case studies, research, new developments in theory, and explorations in the peculiarities of forensic arts therapies: art, music, drama, and dance.
Authentic movement : moving the body, moving the self, being moved : a collection of essays. Vol. 2
An introduction to dance movement therapy in psychiatry
Body, self and soul : sustaining integration
Advances in dance/movement therapy : theoretical perspectives and empiral findings
Dance movement therapy : theory, research and practice
Autism Movement Therapy Method : Waking up the brain!
Using the creative arts in therapy and healthcare : a practical introduction
Complementary and alternative medicine
Dance and movement sessions for older people : a handbook for activity coordinators and carers
Theoretical approaches in dance-movement therapy. Vol. 1
Dancing for health : conquering and preventing stress
The Spheres of Being project was conducted during the last year of my master studies in the Theatre Academy  (TeaK), and was a result of combining the knowledge from different areas like pedagogy, psychology, medicine  and art, together with personal experiences and observations on human development. The theme of integration  was strongly related to the personal processes that I have gone through during last couple of years. This creative  work on the border of art and therapy gave a scent of beauty and healing to the performers and to the audience.  The artistic project began in September 2013 and was finalized with the premiere on the 15th of January 2014.  The first part of rehearsals was in a form of creative workshop, whereas the second part focused on creating the  performance.  The main idea of The Spheres of Being project was to work on personal stories, changing them into abstract forms;  and by the creative outcome, allow the sub consciousness come into action. Given tasks were to challenge certain  states of being in order to experience transformation and farther the healing. Using different methods like physical  theatre, contact improvisation, butoh; combining voice and breath with movement, working with rhythm and text,  together gave tools for the stage composition.  The major themes of the written work are: separation and isolation as reasons of disconnection on personal and  social level; transformative personal processes toward integrity; and the problem of identity as an important  aspect in the process of becoming whole.  Parallel to these themes connections and relations are the key points for integrative processes. Vulnerability and  the act of trust, which results in decision making of stepping out from the comfort zone to unknown, gives a  chance to experience change and freedom from the self. It also breaks the chains of isolation.  Spheres of Being as an interdisciplinary work, brought different professions, cultures and languages together.  Performers were supposed to break boundaries of their own skills and move beyond them in order to connect with  different art fields.  The Spheres or balls are present on the stage and are the representation of Kierkegaard's philosophy on the  Spheres of Existence. The colours are meaningful in this work. They are following the physical low of RGB model,  representation of additive colour mixing.  This thesis helps to answer the questions: how traumas affect personality toward isolation and separation, and  how the process of transformation usually with an inner struggle and experienced moment of a break through  leads to integration and wholeness.
The dancing dialogue : using the communicative power of movement with young children
Who are you?
Creating connections between nursing care and the creative arts therapies : expanding the concept of holistic care
Abstract: Art as a tool of psychosocial work.
Arts therapies in schools : research and practice
Dance/movement therapists in action : a working guide to research options
Arts therapies : a research-based map of the field
Healing the inner city child : creative arts therapies with at-risk youth
ICHPER-SD journal : the official magazine of the International Council for Health, Physical Education, Recreation, Sport, and Dance
Dance-movement therapy : mirror of our selves : the psychoanalytic approach
Child play : its importance for human development
Dance ethnography and global perspectives : identity, embodiment and culture
In Refrains for Moving Bodies, Derek P. McCormack explores the kinds of experiments with experience that can take place in the affective spaces generated when bodies move. Drawing out new connections between thinkers including Henri Lefebvre, William James, John Dewey, Gregory Bateson, Felix Guattari, and Gilles Deleuze, McCormack argues for a critically affirmative experimentalism responsive to the opportunities such spaces provide for rethinking and remaking maps of experience. Foregrounding the rhythmic and atmospheric qualities of these spaces, he demonstrates the particular value of Deleuze and Guattari's concept of the "refrain" for thinking and diagramming affect, bodies, and space-times together in creative ways, putting this concept to work to animate empirical encounters with practices and technologies as varied as dance therapy, choreography, radio sports commentary, and music video. What emerges are geographies of experimental participation that perform and disclose inventive ways of thinking within the myriad spaces where the affective capacities of bodies are modulated through moving.
Dance movement therapy : a creative psychotherapeutic approach
Dance and other expressive art therapies : when words are not enough
Authentic movement : a collection of essays by Mary Starks Whitehouse, Janet Adler and Joan Chodorow
American journal of dance therapy
The spheres of being as a transformative journey  toward integrity : observations on a personal development within creative process of the performance
The arts and psychotherapy
Expressive therapies
Theoretical approaches in dance-movement therapy. Vol. 2
Therapy techniques using the creative arts
Family health promotion : culture and well-being
Arts therapists in multidisciplinary settings : working together for better outcomes
The arts therapies : a revolution in healthcare
Psychology for performing artists
Eurythmics for autism and other neurophysiologic diagnoses : a sensorimotor music-based treatment approach
Creative dance for all ages : a conceptual approach
