http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11735 Swedish speakers
Swedish speakers
Perspectives on language and communication in multilingual education
"At home they long for far away, abroad they yearn for home" : Swedish-speaking Ostrobothnia
Native-speaker evaluation of the pronunciation of English by Finnish and Finland-Swedish upper secondary school students : a case study with special reference to overall impression, listener attitudes and L1 influence
Mother tongue influence on second language learning : an empirical study of Finns and Swedish-speaking Finns learning English
Public service radio programming for minority language audience(s) in a competitive market : the case of the Swedish-speaking minority in Finland
Finnish and Estonian - new target languages : proceedings of the Fenno-Ugric Languages as Second and Foreign Languages Symposium
Spatial uses of the prepositions at, in and on in L1-Finnish and L1-Swedish learner language and the effect of transfer on these uses
Victim without a face
MARDIE'S ADVENTURES
Literary non-fiction
Objective ethnolinguistic vitality and identity among Swedish-speaking youth
Social capital, coping and information behaviour of long-term unemployed people in Finland
THE UNICORN
First come, first served - Först till kvarn får först mala : Translating English idioms into Swedish in Marian Keyes's Rachel's Holiday
THE WORLD'S BEST KARLSON
Interethnic wage variation in the Helsinki area
A Wizard in Moominvalley : a study of adaption to the target culture in children's book translation, based on the English and Welsh translations of Tove Jansson's Trollkarlens hat
Swedish-speakers
Defining legitimate taste in Finland : does mother tongue matter?
Rich and respected
Strindberg and autobiography : writing and reading a life
EMIL IN THE SOUP TUREEN
Communicational and educational choices for minorities within minorities : the case of the Finland-Swedish deaf
Wealth in two ethnic groups : the role of internal migration background
Social capital and health : variations, associations and challenges
Geographical Extraction and the Finnish-Swedish Health Differential in Finland
Tense and aspect in advanced Swedish learners' written English
The role of the first language in foreign language learning
The second periodic report of Finland on the application of the European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages
The torso
The role of the mother tongue in grammaticality judgment and essay writing : a comparison between Finnish and Finland-Swedish adult learners of English
People in between : ethnicity and material identity, a new approach to deconstructed concepts
The shape of punk to come
Swedish : the complete course. I, Beginners/part A
Oral proficiency in English : a case study of ninth graders in Haparanda
Finland's city of Turku
CANUTE WHISTLEWINKS AND OTHER STORIES
A winter book : selected stories
Conflict and compromise in multilingual societies. Vol. 3, Finland
Essays on labour market outcomes in the bilingual area of Finland
66 famous Finland-Swedish or Swedish-language Finnish Musicians
Swedish
Grammatical correctness and communicative ability : a performance analysis of the written and spoken English of Swedish learners
The contribution of swedish-language media in Finland to linguistic vitality
The influence of local culture on students' educational outcomes
Pippi in the South Seas
Level and balance of achievement
Cultural pluralism and cultural identity : the experience of Canada, Finland, and Yugoslavia : final report of the Unesco joint study on cultural development in countries containing different national and/or ethnic groups
Kieli oppimisessa = Language in learning
Introduction : why a special issue on the Swedish-speaking Finns
Bilingualism in Finland
Three linguistic minorities in Europe
Lady Lilith
"Hej Seppo, could you pls comment on this!" : internal email communication in lingua franca English in a multinational company
Carte l'Åland et de la Finlande du Sud-ouest désignante la population suédoise = Map of Åland and South-west Finland showing the Swedish population
Ingroup vitality and intergroup attitudes in a linguistic minority
Detective Inspector Huss
Swedish travel writing
The summer book
Language shifts and migration : the Finnish longitudinal census data file as an aid to social research
The influence of crosslinguistic, semantic, and input factors on the acquisition of English phrasal verbs : a comparison between Finnish and Swedish learners at an intermediate and advanced level
Cultural autonomy in politics and in Swedish voluntary organizations
Swedish book review
Equity and excellence : evidence for policy formulation to reduce the difference in PISA performance between Swedish speaking and Finnish speaking students in Finland
Art in nature
Night rounds
A history of Swedish literature
Abstract.
The readers of Broken Wheel recommend
Previous research concerned with the Finnish-Swedish mortality differential in Finland tends to have overlooked the fact that many Finnish speakers who live in the same coastal area as the Swedish speakers originate from parts of the country with high death rates. Using an extract from Statistics Finlands longitudinal employment statistics ? le, we ? nd that geographical extraction is an important factor underlying variation in both mortality and disability retirement in working-aged people. Finnish speakers born in eastern and northern Finland have substantially poorer health than those originating from western Finland. It is consequently not suf? cient to restrict analyses only by present region of residence. Still, there remains a between-group health differential also in people born in the coastal area, which suggests that health behaviors and risk factors could be relevant.  .
Finnish summary.
THE TALES OF ENSIGN STÅL
Life in two languages : the Finnish experience
Plays : three : Master Olof, Creditors, To Damascus (Part I)
Ingroup favouritism and outgroup derogation among Swedish-speaking Finns
Two gruesome murders have shocked the Swedish town of Helsingborg. The first victim, a thug who liked using his fists, died with his hands sawn off. His sidekick, a fan of steel-capped boots, was crushed to death feet-first. Both men were bullies in the same class at school. Is someone serving justice after thirty years? The killer leaves no trace behind. But for lead investigator Fabian Risk, the lack of forensic evidence is not the only problem. He too was a student in that class--which makes him both a potential victim and a potential suspect... Full of unremitting suspense and unexpected twists, Stefan Ahnhem's Victim Without a Face is a sensational thriller from a superb debut storyteller. -
Native-speaker reactions to Swedish pronunciation errors in English : recognition, intelligibility and attitude
August Strindberg and the other : new critical approaches
We women : selected poems of Edith Södergran
The Baltic Sea : a cultural transmitter : seminar in the City of Kotka, 31.7.-2.8.1986
Signs of acquiring bimodal bilingualism differently : a longitudinal case study of mediating a deaf and a hearing twin in a deaf family
Language-group mortality differentials in Finland in 1988-2004 : assessment of the contribution of cause of death, sex and age
Where have all the swearwords gone? : An analysis of the loss of swearwords in two Swedish translations of J. D. Salinger's Catcher in the Rye
Swedish : the complete course. I, Beginners/part B
The social and religious plays of Strindberg
