http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1175 gravitation
gravitation
Gravity anomaly map : northern Fennoscandia : terrain corrected bouguer anomalies
Knots and quantum gravity
Relativity, gravitation and cosmology
The dynamic universe
The universe in your hand : a journey through space, time and beyond
Geo-cosmic relations - the earth and its macro-environment : proceedings of the first International Congress on Geo-Cosmic Relations
Mechanics for engineers : statics
The dancing Wu Li masters : an overview of the new physics
A modern approach to classical mechanics
A documentary history of the problem of fall from Kepler to Newton
Relativity : an introduction to space-time physics
Relativity and gravitation
The grip of gravity : the quest to understand the laws of motion and gravitation
Theory and experiment in gravitational physics
Gravitation and dark matter
FGI studies on satellite gravity gradiometry. 2, Geopotential recovery at 0.5-degree resolution from global satellite gradiometry data sets
Astrophysical applications of gravitational lensing : proceedings of the 173th symposium of the International Astronomical Union, held in Melbourne, Australia, 9-14 July, 1995
Anti-gravity & the world grid
Concepts of mass : in classical and modern physics
Gravity models of spatial interaction behavior
Gravitino phenomenology and cosmological implications of supergravity
The lighter side of gravity
Visualization of fields and applications in engineering
The unknown universe in 10 chapters
Geophysics is used in dealing with problems from academic to practical interest. Applications can include, an understanding the structure of the Earth, resource exploration, environmental and construction concerns, as well as archaeology, palaeontology, law enforcement, and counter-terrorism. The nature of this science make inaccessible to all but those with rigorous training in mathematics and physics. While there are a great many publications in geophysics at various levels, none has been directed towards those that have a professional need to know about the geophysical techniques or are simply curious. This book was written with that particular audience in mind. Although its fundamental focus is on archaeological applications, it is sufficiently broad to be useful as a reference to support other applications and is sufficiently self-contained to serve as an introductory text. With the numerous application of geophysics comes a multiplicity of geophysical techniques that support each application. This book addresses geophysical techniques that are most commonly employed in near-surface application; those used in probing the underground to a depth of about ten meters. Each technique is covered at multiple levels beginning with elementary discussions that call upon every-day intuitive insights, with subtleties explored in greater depth. For each method considered, there are a number of case studies that serve to illustrate, the range of applicability of the technique and how this type of data is interpreted. In addition, these case studies have been selected to be of popular interest. One aspect stressed in this book is that, for a given application, there is not necessarily a single geophysical technique that can completely characterize the Earth's shallow subsurface. The synergism of multiple geophysical methods is emphasized by the inclusion of an integrated case study that continues from chapter to chapter demonstrating the increased understanding associated with addition of information from each newly presented technique.
Gravitation and cosmology : proceedings of the ICGC-95 Conference, held at IUCAA, Pune, India, on december 13-19, 1995
BRST, gauge-fixing and gravity
Recent developments in gravitation, Cargèse 1978 : proceedings of the 1978 Cargèse Summer Institute on ..., July 10-29, 1978
The Universe of Fluctuations : the Architecture of Spacetime and the Universe
Relativity and quantum mechanics without hypothesis and origin of gravitation
Newtonian physics
Gravitational dynamics : proceedings of the 36th Herstmonceux Conference : in honour of Professor D. Lynden-Bell's 60 th birthday held in Cambridge, U.K., August 7-11, 1995
Error analysis of center-of-gravity measurement techniques
On black holes and gravitational waves
Interpretations of the gravity anomaly map of Finland
The Ninth Marcel Grossmann Meeting on recent developments in theoretical and experimental general relativity, gravitation and relativistic field theories : proceedings of theMGIX MM meeting held at the The University of Rome "La Sapienza", 2-8 July 2000.. Part 100
Suomi-Finland : free air gravity anomalies
Abstract: The equations to determine the height of the c.g. (center of gravity) of a sprung vehicle, considering all of the vehicle compliances were formulated. They were then compared to the classic rigid vehicle equations. It was determined that the error on the c.g. height could not be obtained using this comparison. The errors due to instrumentation accuracies were investigated. The results indicate that the error of the c.g. height could be as high as 20-50%. Based on the sprung vehicle equations, methods are given whereby the error on the c.g. height can be significantly reduced to 2-3%.
Gravitation, electromagnetism and quantized charge : the Einstein insight
The earth and its gravity field
A history of the theories of aether and electricity. [2], The modern theories 1900-1926
The Usborne first encyclopedia of science
Gravity measurements of the Finnish Geodetic Institute in 1945-1978 : Suomi-Finland. Isostatic anomalies : Airy-Heiskanen, T=30 km
Fundamentals of physics
Gravity's Ghost and Big Dog : scientific discovery and social analysis in the twenty-first century
Concepts of force : a study in the foundations of dynamics
Physics
Analytical mechanics
Hamiltonian analysis of modified gravitational theories : towards a renormalizable theory of gravity
Methods for the regional gravity field modelling from SST and SGG data
Statics: learning from engineering examples
The distribution of the galaxies : gravitational clustering in cosmology
Vector mechanics for engineers : statics
Gut-wrenching gravity and other fatal forces
Extensions of general relativity : scalar tensor theory, topology of space-time and supergravity
Satellite perturbations in planetary rings
Astronomy explained
Black holes, gravitational radiation and the universe : essays in honor of C. V. Vishveshwara
The installation of and first results from the superconducting gravimeter GWR20 at the Metsähovi Station, Finland
Studies in gravitation. 1, Derivation of Newton's Law from the theory of pressure-induced gravitation
Metric units and conversion charts : a metrication handbook for engineers, technologists and scientists
Deep structure of the earth's crust along the SVEKA profile and its extention to the north-east
Abstract: The height of a vehicle's center-of-gravity (CG) is one factor that influences its handling characteristics. A number of height methods are used to measure CG within the automotive industry. This research determined which method has the greatest potential to produce accurate CG height measurements, given anticipated measurement tolerances.
Relativistic gravitation and gravitational radiation : proceedings of the Les Houches School of Physics, held in Les Houches, Haute Savoie, 26 September-6 October, 1995
The magnetic universe : the elusive traces of an invisible force
The gravitational recoil effect and its astrophysical consequences
The rise and fall of the Fifth Force : discovery, pursuit, and justification in modern physics
The universe : leading scientists explore the origin, mysteries, and future of the cosmos
Gravitation and cosmology: principles and applications of the general theory of relativity
"This combination textbook and reference manual provides a comprehensive account of the principles, practices, and application of gravity and magnetic methods for exploring the subsurface using surface, marine, airborne, and satellite measurements. Key current topics and techniques are described, including high-resolution magnetic investigations, time-variation gravity analysis from surface and satellite gravity measurements, absolute and gradient gravimetry, and the role of GPS in mapping gravity and magnetic fields. The book also describes the physical properties of rocks and other earth materials that are critical to the effective design, implementation and interpretation of surveys, and presents a thorough overview of digital data analysis methods used to process and interpret anomalies for subsurface information. This book is an ideal text for advanced undergraduate and graduate courses, but also serves as a reference for research academics, professional geophysicists, and managers of exploration programs that include gravity and magnetic methods. It is a valuable resource for all those interested in petroleum, engineering, mineral, environmental, geological and archeological exploration of the lithosphere"--
Gravity measurements of the Finnish Geodetic Institute in 1945-1978 : Suomi-Finland. Free air anomalies
Absolute gravity measurement with long wire pendulum
Geodynamical studies using gravimetry and levelling
N-body problems and gravitational dynamics : proceedings of a meeting held at Centre Paul Langevin-CNRS, Aussois, Haute Maurienne, France, 21-25 Mars 1993
Gravitation and spacetime
Isaac Newton's scientific method : turning data into evidence about gravity and cosmology
Cosmology in scalar-tensor gravity
The 1979-1996 gravity survey and results of the gravity survey of Finland 1945-1996
Gravitational lensing : recent progress and future goals : proceedings of a conference held at Boston University, Boston, Massachusetts, USA, 25 - 30 July 1999
Principles of cosmology and gravitation
Gravity measurements of Estonia
Static instability analysis of an elastic band travelling in the gravitational field
Bouguer anomalies : Finland = Bouguer-anomaliat : Suomi = Bougueranomalier : Finland
Relativistic stellar models and integrable systems
Impact of gravitational lensing on cosmology : proceedings of the 225th symposium of the International Astronomical Union held at the Ecole Polytechnique Federale de Lausanne, Switzerland, July 19-23, 2004
Gravity anomaly map of Northern and Central Fennoscandia : bouguer anomalies
Noncommutative gravitation as a gauge theory of twisted Poincarè symmetry
The anti-gravity handbook
Science but not as we know it : cutting-edge concepts made simple
Rotating objects and relativistic physics : proceedings of the El Escorial Summer School on Gravitation and General Relativity 1992: Rotating Objects and Other Topics, held at El Escorial, Spain, 24-28 August 1992
Vehicle center of gravity height measurement errors
The trouble with physics : the rise of string theory, the fall of a science and what comes next
Numerical studies of dark energy models and observations
Supersymmetry and supergravity
Principles of geophysics
Strings and gravity : tying the forces together : proceedings of the Fifth Francqui Colloquium, 19-21 October 2001, Brussels
Handbook of geophysics and archaeology
The character of physical law
The Ninth Marcel Grossmann Meeting on recent developments in theoretical and experimental general relativity, gravitation and relativistic field theories : proceedings of theMGIX MM meeting held at the The University of Rome "La Sapienza", 2-8 July 2000.. Part B
Brazilian school of cosmology and gravitation 7, Rio de Janeiro (Brazil), August, 1993
Gravity and magnetic exploration : principles, practices, and applications
The Fennoscandian land uplift gravity lines 1966-1984
Units and conversion charts : a handbook for engineers and scientists
Experimental gravitation : course [organized by] the Italian Physical Society, Varenna, 17th-29th July 1972 = Gravitazione sperimentale
Physics for engineers and scientists
The sensorium of God
Introductory biomechanics
White dwarfs and dark matter
A time traveller's guide to life, the universe & everything
Bouguer anomaly map of Finland
Wonders of the universe
On the gravity field and the isostatic structure of the earth's crust in the East Alps
The Ninth Marcel Grossmann Meeting on recent developments in theoretical and experimental general relativity, gravitation and relativistic field theories : proceedings of the MGIX MM meeting held at the The University of Rome "La Sapienza", 2-8 July 2000.. Part A
Supersymmetry, supergravity and the AdS/CFT correspondence
Gauge / gravity dualities
'The Sensorium of God' is the second of a trilogy of novels inspired by the dramatic struggles, personal and professional, and key historical events in man's quest to understand the Universe / WorldCat.
Great Books of the Western World. 34, Mathematical principles of natural philosophy : optics
Black holes : the membrane paradigm
Gravity field mapping over the Southeast Asian region using spaceborne gravimetry techniques
The gravitational million-body problem
Relativity, gravitation, and cosmology : a basic introduction
Gravity anomaly map of Central Fennoscandia : bouguer anomalies
Gravity measurements of the Finnish Geodetic Institute in 1945-1978 : Suomi-Finland. Bouguer anomalies : density 2.67, no terrain correction
Global rotation, gravitational focusing and violation of causality
