http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11738 iron
iron
Romawa forja - child of the fire : iron working and the role of iron in West New Guinea (West Irian)
Nanomagnetic and micromagnetic properties of rocks, minerals and sulphide oxidation products
IOCG and Porphyry-Cu deposits in Northern Finland and Sweden : excursion guide, 27-28 August 2011 : 25th International Applied Geochemistry Symposium 2011, 22-26 August 2011 Rovaniemi, Finland
Iron and artificial recharge of groundwater
SCANMET 1 : 1st International Conference on Process Development in Iron and Steelmaking, 7-8 June 1999, Luleå, Sweden, Nordkalotten Hotell-Konferens. Vol.  2.
Archaeological observations on the origin of early iron production in eastern and northern Finland
Steel : a design, cultural and ecological history
The railway children
Ironworks and iron monuments: study, conservation and adaptive use = Étude, conservation et réutilisation de forges et monuments en fer : symposium Ironbridge, 23-25 October 1984
Iron nutrition in soils and plants : proceedings of the Seventh International Symposium on Iron Nutrition and Interactions in Plants, June 27-July 2, 1993, Zaragoza, Spain
Australia's iron lace
Biological removal of iron from groundwater : preliminary studies
INFACON XII : proceedings of the Twelfth International Ferroalloys Congress Sustainable future, June 6-9, Helsinki, Finland
Material characterisation : textbook for students
Before steel : the introduction of structural iron and its consequences
Iron uptake and homeostasis in microorganisms
Around India in 80 trains
Physical chemistry of iron and steel manufacture
Practical heat treating
Bronze summer
Bloomery ironmaking during 2000 years. 1, Ancient ironmaking in a local and general Norwegian context
Microwave dephosphorisation of high phosphorus iron ores of the Aswan region, Egypt:developing a novel process for high phosphorus iron ore utilization
Prediction of hot metal silicon in blast furnace by multivariate time series modelling
Abstract.
Metals handbook. 1, Properties and selection: irons and steels
Thermodynamic substitutional solution description of Fe-B-C, Fe-B-N and Fe-C-N systems
Customer Satisfaction Survey for Business Customers
Treasury of ironwork designs : 469 examples from historical sources
Automated Workplace of Cargo Consignor: New : development of the promotion strategy for a software product
Transport and tourism : global perspectives
Finnish Railway Statistics
Incredible Industry : preserving the evidence of industrial society
Seven elements that have changed the world
Conservation of iron recovered from the sea
Metal stitch reconditioning analysis
Metabolic studies on iron-poly(sorbitol-gluconic acid) complex in the rat
R. F. sputtered artificial passive films : preparation and characterization
Encyclopedia of iron, steel, and their alloys. Volume 4, Nanofluids - Residual stresses
Synthesis of [sup 11]C and [sup 18]F labelled radiotracers for applications in steroid-related biological systems
Current status of production of direct reduced iron
This book casts a critical light on the many-layered connections between architecture and engineering in the nineteenth century and the markedly changing self-conception of the disciplines.
Conservation of iron : recovered from the sea
Forges and smithing hearths of Iron Age blacksmiths
Building small cupola furnaces
Ferrous materials : steel and cast iron
Data-driven analysis of blast furnace tuyere-level and hearth conditions
Bioreducer use in blast furnace ironmaking in Finland : techno-economic assessment and CO2 emission reduction potential
From sugar triangle to cotton triangle : trade and shipping between America and Baltic Russia, 1783-1860
Ironmaking and steelmaking : theory and practice
Cupola practice and mixing cast iron
Concise iron & steel dictionary : Swedish-english english-swedish
The arc spectrum of iron (Fe 1). Part I. Analysis of the spectrum, based on the work of many investigators and including unpublished studies
Medieval iron in society : papers presented at the symposium in Norberg, May 6-10, 1985.
Decorative ironwork
On production of ferronickel
Micronutrient intake in Nepalese mothers and children : study of the current stage and changes over time and determinants of vitamin A and iron intake in Nepalese mothers and their children from 2001 to 2011
Attractiveness of the Finnish rail transit route : Case study: VR Group
The corrosion and conservation of metallic antiquities and works of arts
Determination of iron availability in foods in Tanzania : transferring of an in Vitro method, developed in Sweden
Ironmaking : textbook
A study of the production and properties of [sup 53]Fe[sup m]
Body iron stores decrease in boys during pubertal development : the transferrin receptor-ferritin ratio as an indicator of iron status
INFLUENCE OF MARKETING LOGISTICS ON THE CONTAINER TRANSPORTATION BY ROAD-, WATER- AND RAILWAYS IN EUROPE
This book brings together in one, compact volume all aspects of the available information about the iron oxides. It presents a coherent, up to date account of the properties, reactions and mechanisms of formation of these compounds. In addition, there are chapters dealing with iron oxides in rocks and soils, as biominerals and as corrosion products together with methods of synthesis and the numerous application of these compounds. Their role in the environment is also discussed. The authors are experts in the field of iron oxides and have worked on all the topics covered. Much recent data from the authors' own laboratories is included and opportunities for further research are indicated. Special features are the electron micrographs and colour plates together with the many different spectra used to illustrate properties and aspects of behaviour. Numerous tables and graphs enable trends and relationships to be seen at a glance. The book concludes with an extensive bibliography. This book should prove invaluable to industry and to all researchers who, whatever their background and level of experience, are interested in this rapidly expanding field. It is an essential volume for any scientific library and is now in its second, completely revised and extended edition!
Wrought iron
Iron and man in prehistoric Sweden
Comparison of stabilisation treatments for marine cast iron : simple washing, electrolysis, alkaline sulphite reduction, and hydrogen furnace reduction
Cast iron decoration : a world survey
Latest developments in direct reduction technology
Evidence that steric factors modulate reactivity of tautomeric iron–oxo species in stereospecific alkane C–H hydroxylation
Reactions of high-FeO olivine rock with groundwater and redox-sensitive elements studied by surface-analytical methods and autoradiography
Report of the Norwegian Antarctic Research Expedition 1997/98
Phosphorus and iron in sediments from Lakes Ladoga and Saimaa
The grave as a doorway to the other world : architectural religious symbolism in Iron Age graves in Scandinavia
4rail.net : railroad reference
Encyclopedia of iron, steel, and their alloys. Volume 3, Heat treatment: special - Molten
During the last twenty years, the category 'grave' has been the subject of increasing debate in Swedish archaeology. It has been recognized that monuments commonly regarded as graves are sometimes also found in cultic contexts other than those associated with death and burial. In many cases, for instance, monuments similar to graves have been erected at cult sites, and seem to have been used in sacrificial practices rather than for burials. According to archaeological, textual and onomastic sources, it was common practice in Old Norse religion to suspend sacrificial victims from trees of from upraised posts, or to deposit offerings at the base of sacred rocks and boulders. In all these cases, the trees, posts and boulders seem to be representation of the World Axis, depicted in cosmological myths as a Cosmic Tree, Pillar or Mountain. I argue that these various representations of the World Axis are also incorporated in the architectonic symbolism of several forms of grave monuments in pre-Christian Scandinavia. The architectonic shape of these monuments could thus be used in several different contexts, since they represented a 'Cosmic Center' and a 'doorway' to the Other World.
Biological Basis of Alcohol-Induced Cancer
Decorative architectural ironwork
Decorative ironwork designs : CD-ROM & book
Modern machine shop's guide to engineering materials
Corrosion and conservation of cultural heritage metallic artefacts
Coastal communities on the move : house and polity interaction in Southern Ostrobothnia 1500 BC-AD 1
Structural design of steelwork to EN 1993 and EN 1994
Direct and indirect effects of iron on river ecosystems
Impact of introduction of Ifrs in Russia on tourism industry : case: Aeroflot Russian airlines and Russian railways
Lithics after stone age in East Africa : Wadh Lang'o case study
Bubble bursting phenomena on the free surface of iron melt and at the slag/iron interface
Iron working in ancient Greece
A Passage of Olga from Finland to Hong Kong
Thermodynamic substitutional solution description of Fe-Al-C and Fe-Al-N systems
Internal structure and geochemical properties of spheroidal ferromanganese concretions of the Baltic Sea
Anthony Caro
Iron nutrition and interactions in plants
Iron or Copper? : method development and mechanistic studies on cross-coupling reactions
Dissolution rates of unirradiated UO2, UO2 doped with 233U, and spent fuel under normal atmospheric conditions and under reducing conditions using an isotope dilution method
Transport investment in railways to generate knowledge transfer from interfirm worker mobility
Automated Workplace of Cargo Consignor: New : Development of the Promotion Strategy for a Software Product
Mössbauer spectroscopy under high pressures and temperatures
Impact of Introduction of IFRS in Russia on Tourism Industry Case: Aeroflot and Russian Railways
This proceedings volume will contain chapters based upon the presentation of the 2nd International Conference on Alcohol and Cancer in Colorado, 2013. The various topics explore the affects of alcohol on: liver and breast cancer, cell signaling and cancer, stem cells, biomarkers and metabolomics, aerodigestive cancers, cancer and the immune system, and more. In the recent years, a significant amount of research has emerged connecting the link between alcohol and cancer. The field has rapidly advanced, especially since the complex connection between alcohol and cancer has several unique sub areas that are being investigated and this volume gives a comprehensive overview of these advancements.
Eisen Architecture : die Rolle des Eisens in der historischen Architektur der ersten Hälfte des 19. Jahrhunderts = the role of iron in the historic architecture in the first half of the 19th century
Primary forest fuel supply chain: assessing barriers and drivers for the modal shift from truck to train
Iron requirements and iron deficiency: studies in premature infants
Theoretical studies of elastic, thermal, and structural properties of metals
The late Iron Age bear-tooth pendants in Finland : symbolic mediators between women, bears, and wilderness?
Results of the studies on betonite samples from Serrata de Nijar, Almería, Spain
Phosphorus allocation in surface soil of two drained peatland forests following wood and peat ash application : why effective adsorption on low sorptive soils?
Atlas of time-temperature diagrams for irons and steels
Decorative iron work
Wrought iron in architecture : an illustrated survey
Iron in archaeology : the European bloomery smelters
Utilisation of industrial by-products in water treatment:carbon-and silicate-based materials as adsorbents for metals and sulphate removal
The blood system is multi-scale, from the organism to the organs to cells to intracellular signaling pathways to macromolecule interactions. Blood consists of circulating cells, cellular fragments (platelets and microparticles), and plasma macromolecules. Blood cells and their fragments result from a highly-ordered process, hematopoiesis. Definitive hematopoiesis occurs in the bone marrow, where pluripotential stem cells give rise to multiple lineages of highly specialized cells. Highly-productive and continuously regenerative, hematopoiesis requires a microenvironment of mesenchymal cells and blood vessels. A Systems Biology Approach to Blood is divided into three main sections: basic components, physiological processes, and clinical applications. Using blood as a window, one can study health and disease through this unique tool box with reactive biological fluids that mirrors the prevailing hemodynamics of the vessel walls and the various blood cell types. Many blood diseases, rare and common can and have been exploited using systems biology approaches with successful results and therefore ideal models for systems medicine. More importantly, hematopoiesis offers one of the best studied systems with insight into stem cell biology, cellular interaction, development; linage programing and reprograming that are every day influenced by the most mature and understood regulatory networks.
For Sanna, boxing is chess
The archaeology of York. Vol. 17, The small finds. Fasc. 6, Anglo-Scandinavian ironwork from 16-22 Coppergate
Iron transport in bacteria
Studies on the uptake of cobalt and iron and their effect on the production of riboflavin by Candida guilliermondii
The world of iron
Kunst aus dem Feuer : sechzehn Kunstschmiede aus sieben Ländern = Art from the fire
Conservation of old rusty iron objects : reduction of rust with hydrogen gas
Body iron stores in relation to growth and pubertal maturation in healthy boys
Body iron, atherosclerosis and coronary heart disease
Notes on prehistoric and Early Iron in the Old World
Iron, nature's universal element : why people need iron & animals make magnets
Masters of metallurgy - masters of metaphors : iron working among the Fipa and the Pangwa of SW-Tanzania
Energy consumption in new ironmaking processes
Evaluation and optimisation of chemical treatment for non-point source pollution control:purification of peat extraction runoff water
Metal-working in Borneo : essays on iron- and silver-working in Sarawak
Pärnänsuo : characteristics of an organic agricultural land with an acid sulfate subsoil
Bloomery ironmaking during 2000 years. 2, Iron in the west Nordic region during the Middle Ages
Iron status of children with short stature during accelerated growth due to growth hormone treatment
The golden age of ironwork
Nashwauk : "the iron ore center" : the story of Nashwauk, Minnesota
The materials selector
Andean indigenous food crops : nutritional value and bioactive compounds
Encyclopedia of iron, steel, and their alloys. Volume 2, Chromium - Heat treatment: regenerative
Metal ions in biological systems. Vol. 33, Iron transport and storage in micro-organisms, plants and animals
Decorative cast ironwork : catalogue of artistic and decorative iron castings from the 16th to 20th centuries preserved at the National technical museum of Prague
Ironwork today 2 : inside & out. 2, inside & out
The behaviour and design of steel structures to EC3
Iron production in Norway during two millenia : from the ancient bloomery to the early use of electric power : a presentation with many questions and some answers
Conservation guidelines. No. 13, Ironwork
Reactivity of iron nanostructures from density functional theory
Public-private partnership investments in dry ports : Russian logistics markets and risks
In the article I discuss the different functions and meanings of bronze bear-tooth pendants in the Finnish Late Iron Age (800-1150/1300 CE). I first focus on an analysis of the pendants in terms of archaeological methodology: chronology, typology and find context. The second focus on attention, and in this article the most important one, is on the interpretation on these pendants. They are usually interpreted as magical items, amulets. In my opinion this is not the only possible interpretation. I suggest that the pendants can be interpreted as magical or religious, but that their possible protective use as amulets does not exclude other functions, such as a decorative and/or social one. I emphasise the possibility that bear-tooth pendants may be linked to a symbolic form of expression involving the idea of control of the forest and wilderness. Finnish folk tradition and mythology point to a metaphoric and metonymic relationshiop on the one hand between the bear and the wilderness, on the otehr the bear and women. The bronze bear-tooth pendatns - possibly worn only by women - may have carried a symbolic message of control over the wilderness; this control could have been mythology-based and practised by ritual acts; at the same time it could also take the form of concrete acts, such as utilization of the wilderness: a fur-based economy and control over the fur trade.
Impact of corrosion-derived iron on the bentonite buffer within the KBS-3H disposal concept : the Olkiluoto site as case study
Investigations into corrosion and cathodic protection of ferrous metals in the marine environment
Brazil : general railroads : Brazil : telegraphic lines
Iron deficiency in the Finnish population
Active Wetlands : the use of chemical amendments to intercept phosphate runoffs in agricultural catchments : final report of the Active Wetlands Interreg IVA project
Sixteen shoes and a compass : two projects describing treatments of artifacts recovered from a marine environment
Bloomery ironmaking during 2000 years : . 3, International contributions : smelting and excavation in Budalen
Bioinorganic chemistry : a short course
Encyclopedia of iron, steel, and their alloys. Volume 5, Retained - Wetting
Map of the United States and territories showing the extent of public surveys and military reservations, land grant R.R., rail roads, canals, and other details ..
Europe by rail
The artist-blacksmith's craft
Impact of iron fortification of milk formulas on infants growth and health
A Systems biology approach to blood
Evaluation of industrial wireless communications systems’ security
The mineralogy and chemistry of selected ancient iron slags from Dalarna, Sweden
Midnight in Siberia : a train journey into the heart of Russia
Aluminium and iron fluxes through podzolic soil profile and the effects of clear-cutting
Biogeochemical cycles of elements : an introduction to behaviour of main mineral nutrients of plants and microorganisms
Diet and human immune function
Polymerisation of acrylates by Fe(II), Co(II) and Al(III) complexes bearing tertiary phosphine ligands
The iron oxides : structure, properties, reactions, occurrence and uses
Iron gettering in silicon using doped layers and bulk defects
Improving cost-efficiency and reducing environmental impacts of intermodal transportation with dry port concept : major rail transport corridor in Baltic Sea Region
Fibula, fabula, fact : the Viking Age in Finland
Heterogeneous precipitation and internal gettering efficiency of iron in silicon
Control of copper and iron oxidation states in some triple- and double-perovskite oxides
Reduction and high temperature behaviour of iron ore sinter made from magnetite fines
Early iron production - archaeology, technology and experiments : Nordic iron seminar, Lejre, July 22nd to 28th 1996. ed. by Lars Chr. Nørbach
The effects of alloying and thermal factors on the solidification and mechanical properties of gray iron
The impact of store atmospherics and store layout on customer behavior in a hardware store retail setting : case: do-it-yourself store
Political Economy of Bronze- and Iron Age Societies in the Eastern Coast of the Bothnian Bay ca. 1500 BC-AD 1300
Iron in archaeology : early European blacksmiths
Encyclopedia of iron, steel, and their alloys. Volume 1, Activities - Cast iron
Iron(III) as Lewis acid catalyst in organosilicon and carbonyl chemistry
Improvement of environmental stone business : case: K-Rautapohja Oy
Limiting phenomena related to the use of iron ore pellets in a blast furnace
From the field to the publication : the retrieval and presentation of pottery - a case study from Early Iron Age Tel Kinrot, Israel
The early use of iron in India
Iron and infection : molecular, physiological and clinical spects
Purchasing Process at Yard Selling Department, Case: Company X
