http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1171 angiosperms
angiosperms
Plant structure, function and adaptation
A checklist of the trees, shrubs, herbs, and climbers of Myanmar : (revised from the original works by J. H. Lace, R. Rodger, H. G. Hundley, and U Chit Ko Ko on the List of trees, shrubs, herbs and princiapl climbers, etc. recorded from Burma)
Fruits of angiosperms
Pollen morphology and plant taxonomy : Angiosperms
A revision of Axinaea (Melastomataceae)
Introduction to phylogeny and systematics of flowering plants
Incompatibility in angiosperms
Somatic embryogenesis in woody plants. Vol. 2, Angiosperms
Opal phytoliths in Southeast Asian flora
Pollen and spores of Chile : modern types of the Pteridophyta, Gymnospermae, and Angiospermae
Plant resins : chemistry, evolution, ecology, and ethnobotany
Gynostemia Orchidalium. 4, Orchidaceae-Vandoideae (Maxillarieae, Cryptarrheneae, Zygopetaleae, Dicheeae, Telipogoneae, Ornithocephaleae, Oncidieae)
Transmission electron microscopy of the fossil angiosperm exines
Comparative seed morphology and phylogenetics : case studies in basal angiosperms (ANITA) and asterids (Lysimachia, Ericales)
Trees. 3
Gynostemia Orchidalium. 3, Orchidaceae-Vandoideae (Polystachyeae, Cymbidieae, Cataseteae, Thecosteleae, Vandeae)
Endosperm : developmental and molecular biology
Biodiversity and ecosystem functioning in angiosperm communities in the Baltic Sea
Character variation in angiosperm families
Morphology of the angiosperms
Phylogeny and evolution of angiosperms
Nutrition of the angiosperm embryo
Systematic botany
A middle Eocene fossil plant assemblage (Powers clay pit) from western Tennessee
A checklist of the trees, shrubs, herbs, and climbers of Myanmar : (revised from the original works by J. H. Lace ... [et al.] on the List of trees, shrubs, herbs and principal climbers, etc., recorded from Burma)
New evidence of relationships and modern systems of classifications of the angiosperms : proceedings of a symposium held on 22 August, 1981, during the XIII International Botanical Congress in Sydney, Australia
Flowering plant families of the world
Gynostemia Orchidalium. 1, Apostasiaceae, Cypripediaceae, Orchidaceae (Thelymitroideae, Orchidoideae, Tropidioideae, Spiranthoideae, Neottioideae, Vanilloideae)
Origin and early evolution of angiosperms
Origins of angiospermous plants
Current trends in the embryology of angiosperms
Seed Anatomy
