http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11719 luxury
luxury
Beach Babylon
Luxury fever : why money fails to satisfy in an era of excess
The rise of luxury brands online : a study of how a sense of luxury brand is created in an online environment
The uses of excess in visual and material culture, 1600-2010
The sand men
The inpact of the 2009 financial crisis on the market of luxury clothing in Russia, in st. Petersburg in particuar
Luxury has been both celebrated and condemned throughout history right up to the present day. This groundbreaking text examines luxury and its relationship with desire, status, consumption and economic value, exploring why luxury remains prominent even in the context of a global recession.
This study explores Roman luxury villa architecture and the Roman luxury villa lifestyle to shed light on the villas' design as a dynamic process related to cultural, social, and environmental factors. Roman villas expressed a novel architectural language which was developed by designers appropriating the existing stylistic and thematic vocabularies of Hellenistic and Roman architecture. Zarmakoupi seeks to describe and explain the ways in which this architecture accommodated the lifestyle of educated leisure and an appreciation of the Roman landscape, and how, in doing so, it became a cultural phenomenon and a crucial element in the construction of Roman cultural identity. In their effort to accommodate the Greek style, Romans created something completely unprecedented in the history of architecture. Through an analysis of five villas from around the bay of Naples (c. 100 BCE - 79 CE), the volume shows that in designing for luxury, Romans developed a sophisticated interplay between architecture and landscape, an interplay which is still seen in architectural design today.
The idea of him
European luxury brands made in China : the effect of low-cost country manufacturing on brand image and purchase decisions
Searching for Grace Kelly
Glamour : women, history, feminism
Nir Hod : Forever : [Ruth and Bruce Rappaport Sculpture Gallery, March - June 2005] / [design and production: Danny Goldberg]
The political economy of status : superstars, markets and culture change
Rich girl poor girl
Luxury hotel marketing : how the luxury hotel marketing differs according to the desired target market in the capital areas of Finland and Austria
Luxury in the eighteenth century : debates, desires and delectable goods
Luxury : fashion, lifestyles and excess
Analysis of differences in buying behaviour between Asian customers and western customers in luxury watch market
The idea of luxury : a conceptual and historical investigation
Selling luxury : connect with affluent customers, create unique experiences through impeccable service, and close the sale
The golden age of travel
Luxuries in the Town of Turku during the Middle Ages
Luxury product marketing in Finland : case of Voss Water
Contemporary luxury perspectives : an investigation into motives for consumption of luxury goods in contemporary society
Little white lies
Consumers and luxury : consumer culture in Europe 1650-1850
Ethically sound innovations : the phenomenology and taste of the outdoor elite
Caviar with champagne : good life and common luxury in Stalin's Soviet Union
DEVELOPING FINNISH CONFECTIONERY IN CHINA THROUGH THE LUXURY STRATEGY  : Case: Fazer Group (Chocolate)
The first ever global history of luxury, from Roman villas to Russian oligarchs: a sparkling story of novelty, excess, extravagance, and indulgence through the centuries.
Hip hotels atlas
Abstract: Luxury fashion brand influence on student purchase behavior. Fashion is a billion-dollar industry employing millions of people around the world. Due to the democratization of that volatile industry coupled with the economic recession, luxury fashion  brands have struggle to hold their ground against the rise of high street brands like Zara, H&M  and the flood of knockoffs worldwide.  Good looking, well-dressed and rich young like Mark Zuckenburg, Cristiano Ronaldo, etc. add  to the pressure put on young consumers about their appearance by the media. The objective of this thesis was to investigate the influence of luxury fashion brands on young  consumer's, namely young students, purchase behaviour. The investigation was also designed  to elucidate the factors that help the luxury fashion remain profitable despite the economic  downturn. Luxury fashion brands are assumed to have an influential impact on appearance  obsessed millennium youngsters and students who purchase luxury goods for many reasons,  which have been emphasized in this thesis. Qualitative and quantitative research methods were used for this thesis. A critical review of existing brand and fashion-related literature, brand-related studies and research articles and an  analysis on the topics with emphasis on luxury fashion brands and consumer buying behaviour  constitute the source of secondary data for this thesis. An online survey targeting young  students constitutes the source of primary data. Luxury fashion with a stress on clothing and  accessories would be the case in order to narrow the study scope. The original research area  planned for this study was too wide and complex, however, the thesis was still able to identify  key factors that might determine the influence of brand selection on young consumer's  (specifically that of students) buying decisions. The research also enables the unfolding of brand loyalty in terms of being either emotional (unconscious) or attitudinal (conscious).
MARKETING STRATEGY OF CHINESES DOMESTIC LUXURY BRAND  : ——Case Company: Kweichow Moutai
"This book questions why we have such a love-hate relation ship with fashion. Guiding us through the major figures and brands of today's fashion system, Dress Code shows how they shape us and in turn why we love to be shaped by them. The book focuses on everyday, affordable 'fast fashion' brands as well as the luxury market, to show how both ends of the fashion industry exert a powerful force over our lives. It also discusses trend forecasters, the media and the pressures on consumers, arguing that the world of fashion is both a dictatorship and a democracy, directing our shopping habits as well as our appearance.This study explores what happens when we get dressed: why fashion can make us feel powerful, beautiful and original, yet also paradoxically works oppressively, forcing consumers to conform. This book peels off the layers of the world's fifth largest industry, garment by garment, to reveal fashion as a phenomenon, a business and an art. Grinde Arntzen is disturbed by its influence yet sympathetic to our desire - however ambivalent - to be stylish, smart or trendy. Dress Code is both a succinct and thought-provoking look at how the culture of dress dominates everyday life, and a lively and honest account of the pleasures and problems of fashion"--Publisher's description.
Luxury hotels : best of Europe : volume 2
The positioning of Finnish jewelry brands on the basis of jewelry advertisements
Sustainable luxury : managing social and environmental performance in iconic brands
The purpose of the research was to study the impacts of the 2009 financial crisis on the market for luxury clothing in Russia, especially in St. Petersburg. This included studying the changes in the economic situation in general, consumer demand, operations of the luxury companies during the crisis and the challenges for a new company planning to enter the market. The research was based on reports, articles and other written information sources by experts from the financial and fashion sectors as well as five intervies with professionals from the fashion industry in St. Petersburg. The research was conducted together with Jasmin Santanen Paris company. The research was conducted through thematic interviews with five interviewees: International relationship manager from a company organizing a fashion trade fair, the president of the unofficial fashion week of St. Petersburg, a manager of a luxury multi-brand store, a buyer from a department store and a sole entrepreneur. Common themes and opinions were then summarized and compared to the secondary information. It was discovered that the financial crisis of 2009 has had an impact on the luxury fashion market in St. Petersburg. The consumer demand has decreased; many companies have cut or delayed their operations and expansion plans. In addition to the direct effects of the financial crisis, many other challenges that a new luxury company faces in the Russian market, was discovered. These include the lack of experience and  qualified professionals, corruption, complicated tax and customs procedures and changing consumer preferences.
Luxury China : market opportunities and potential
National culture appearance in international luxury : a content analyse of print advertisements in France and Russia
Understanding consumer behaviour in selling : case study: Lexus Finland
Melting the snow on Hester Street
Luxury marketing : a challenge for theory and practice
The $10 trillion prize : captivating the newly affluent in China and India
The complete 21st century travel & hospitality : marketing handbook
Attitudes of young people towards luxury products
By invitation only : how we built Gilt and changed the way millions shop
Social selling luxury : Increase sales by engaging in the digital world
The affluent consumer : marketing and selling the luxury lifestyle
Trading places : Europe's finest specialist shops
Uses of heritage by French luxury houses : between tourism development and brand communication
Pastries : a study of the cultural expression of luxury
Surfaces : study on material perceptions and trends
Deluxe : how luxury lost its lustre
Effects of the e-commerce on fashion luxury industries : the case of Brunello Cucinelli S.p.A
Sumptuary law in Italy 1200-1500
A qualitative case study of subjective lyúxxury in Finland
Managing fashion and luxury companies
Luxury fashion brand influence on student purchase behavior
The Motivation of The Chinese Tourists Buying Luxury Goods in Europe
"In this timely books, Theodore Koutsobinas explores the system of status markets and their social effects including inequality. He explains how media fascination with superstars and luxury consumption goods amplify positional concerns for all, distort aspirations of the middle class and cause relative deprivation. Building on themes first identified by Veblen and Galbraith, the author analyses extensively the behavioural evidence from modern interdisciplinary research and contributes constructively to a new genre of economic analysis. The Political Economy of Status compels us to seriously consider redistributive culture change policies targeted to assist the underprivileged. This book will be a valuable resource for academics in various fields including economic theory, political economy, sociology, social psychology and cultural studies" --Back cover.
Gilding the market : luxury and fashion in fourteenth-century Italy
The natural history of the rich : a field guide
The birth of plenty : how the prosperity of the modern world was created
Fighting hydra-like luxury : sumptuary regulation in the Roman republic
Kapferer on luxury : how luxury brands can grow yet remain rare
Living in style : inspiration and advide for everyday glamour
Luxury strategy in action
Purchasing motivation and consumption value with consumer behavior on buying luxury goods : case: Luis Vuitton
Hotel living : a novel
Luxury fashion brand marketing communication and consumer-based brand equity : print advertising versus audiovisual advertising in social media
Dress code : the naked truth about fashion
Internationalisation through digital marketing for luxury clothing : case: Company X entering to Germany
The luxe
Hotel heaven : confession of a luxury hotel addict
The future has a silver lining : genealogies of glamour : Migros Museum für Gegenwartskunst, Zürich, [28 August - 31 October, 2004] / editors = Herausgegeber: Tom Holert & Heike Munder
Corrupting luxury in ancient Greek literature
LUXURY FASHION BRAND INFLUENCE ON STUDENT PURCHASE BEHAVIOR
Luxury retail management : how the world ́s top brands provide quality product and service support
Brand partnerships in the luxury mobile phone market
Aski : package design development for "Aski Kataski"
International Fur Trade : Trends, Challenges, Prospects
Luxury : history, culture, consumption
Consumers’ experiences of luxury : interpreting the luxuriousness of a brand
Empire of pleasures : luxury and indulgence in the Roman world
Crass struggle : greed, glitz, and gluttony in a wanna-have world
Luxury fashion : a global history of heritage brands
Role of event marketing in the promotion of luxury brands : case Porsche Travel Club
The Importance of Positioning and Networking in the Globalization Process of a Small-Sized Brand - Case: SabrinaTach
Trading places for Parisian luxury
Luxury fever : money and happiness in an era of excess
The objective of this thesis was to determine how to sell luxury clothing effectively through digital marketing in Germany. Further the purpose was to emphasize on digital marketing including its tools and channels as well as on the characteristics of marketing a luxury product with focus on the German market.  The study was carried out as a project for the luxury sportswear company X, in the framework of internationalising their business through digital marketing to Germany. This thesis was written with a qualitative research approach. Data for the thesis was collected using qualitatively analysed and reliable secondary sources from books, articles and the internet. Additionally, two expert interviews in the fields of digital marketing and luxury were conducted supporting the secondary research.  The result of the thesis was a digital marketing plan for the company X in which the RACE framework functioned as the main theory. The digital marketing plan was further enhanced through the knowledge of luxury theories such as the 6 P's of marketing a luxury product and the layers of luxury communication.  It was found out that increasing brand awareness, reaching qualified customers and creating sales possibilities in the German market are the major aims to achieve with the digital marketing plan. The key findings suggested that focusing on search engine marketing, social media marketing and on the recruitment of influential persons as well as on the creation of a seamless customer service will reach these aims in Germany.  The findings of the thesis can help company X and other expanding luxury brands find out how to approach the German market effectively through digital marketing in order to create sales opportunities.  Key words: luxury marketing, digital marketing, digital marketing plan.
The concepts of luxury and waste in American radicalism, 1880-1929
Let them eat cake : marketing luxury to the masses-as well as the classes
Class acts : service and inequality in luxury hotels
Gold brocade and Renaissance painting : a study in material culture
The Warhol look : glamour, style, fashion : [Whitney Museum of American Art, New York : November 8, 1997 - January 18, 1998 : Art Gallery of Ontario, Toronto, February 16 - May 3, 1998 : Musée de la Mode, Marseille, September - November 1998 : Museum of C / Mark Francis and Margery King
The desperate wife's survival plan
In Rome, sumptuary laws seemed the only weapon to defeat 'hydra-like luxury', the terrible monster that was weakening even the strongest citizens. Here Emanuela Zanda explores the reasons and purposes behind the enactment of such legislation in Rome during the Republic, placing it in a wider political and social framework.
This book explores a wide range of issues relevant to sustainability and business management in luxury goods companies. It represents the most international and complete collection of academic and practitioner thinking on transforming the luxury sector into a powerful advocate for sustainable production and consumption.
Designing for luxury on the Bay of Naples : villas and landscapes (c. 100 BCE-79 CE)
The Paris winter
The purpose of the research is to find out the differences in luxury hotel marketing depending on the category affordable luxury and luxury. Additionally, its purpose is to outline and compare the status of luxury tourism industry and the state of super luxury in Austria and Finland and why Austria or Finland do not have super luxury category to offer to their luxury travellers.  The method of the research was qualitative and the research was carried out as half structured in-depth interviews, which included experts from Finnish Tourism Board, Finland Travel Bureau and the chartered management consultant and certified hotelier from Austria as well as marketing and communication representatives from Palace Kämp Group and Hotel Altstadt Vienna. Altogether 29 persons, decision bodies or hotels were contacted to take part to the research. The results of the research were analysed manually by reading notes and transcripts.  The main focus of the research was on the marketing differences according to the luxury hotel category. Thus no interview partners were managed to obtain from the luxury category, was it impossible to compare the results and therefore only the affordable luxury category is being introduced and analysed in this thesis. While only six experts took part in the research, the results have a relatively large margin of error and consequently cannot be generalized. The answers and results should only be used as trend-setting examples.  What was found out during the research, were the characteristics of affordable luxury category, as already among three interviewees the saturation was fulfilled in some cases. All the interview hotels fulfilled the qualities of luxury travel; they all offer freedom of choice and unstructured experiences as all of the hotels aimed to offer individual packages for the customers. Freedom from shackles of time and high standards of personal service were reached by offering quality service and fulfilling customer's every wish and freedom to be casual in lifestyle as casualty was emphasised by all of the interview partners. Elegant amenities as well as excellent cuisine were additionally offered in the Finnish partner hotels.  To draw a conclusion, Finland is lags behind Austria in luxury tourism on a general level. Yet, what should be taken into consideration when comparing these destinations is the structure of the industry and the different possibilities of both countries. Albeit both countries are strong winter destinations, the focus of luxury offer is different; in Finland the possibilities lie in adventure holidays and extreme experiences with snow, darkness and isolation, whereas in Austria taking care of mental and physical side of the individual is the main focus by offering luxurious spas and resorts.
100% rye whisky as a luxury product in China : case Kyrö Distillery Company
Luxury brand management : extending the brand while maintaining brand image - the case o Ralph Lauren
The luxury strategy : break the rules of marketing to build luxury brands
Luxury Market in China
Market research on luxury e-business in China
Luxury living New York
The holiday goddess handbag guide to Paris, New York, London and Rome
Luxury world : the past, present and future of luxury brands
Consumer rapport to luxury : analyzing complex and ambivalent attitudes
Luxury brand management : a world of privilige
Luxury : a rich history
In an industry where rarity and exclusivity are keys to success, business growth can be both positive and negative. In this book, renowned luxury and branding expert Jean-Noël Kapferer (author of the classic New Strategic Brand Management and co-author of bestseller The Luxury Strategy) offers a collection of carefully chosen new and popular essays that address issues relating to luxury growth. He provides answers to questions such as: how fast should a firm grow and where in the world should it do so, how much volume should a brand sell, and when does saturation occur?
