http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11850 employed workforce
employed workforce
The tumbleweed society : working and caring in an age of insecurity
The making and unmaking of precarity : some concluding remarks
Working poverty in Europe : a comparative approach
Abstract: Proper balance between work and leisure? : studies of time use in different life situations.
Abstract.
This volume addresses issues of precariousness in a broad, interdisciplinary perspective, looking at socio-economic transformations as well as the identity formation and political organizing of precarious people. The collection bridges empirical research with social theory to problematize and analyse the precariat.
The new social division : making and unmaking precariousness
The working poor in Europe : employment, poverty and globalisation
Change of norm? : in-work poverty in a comparative perspective
Summary (s. 7-10).
Making the work-based safety net work better : forward-looking policies to help low-income families
The precarization effect
Non-standard employment and health with respect to sense of coherence and social capital
Broke, USA : from pawnshops to Poverty, Inc. : how the working poor became big business
Social factors at work and the health of employees
"Drawing on 80 in-depth interviews with three groups of parents (mostly women) who vary in their experiences of job insecurity, Pugh explores how people adapt to the new American landscape of uncertainty and insecurity--some with cool acceptance, others with denial or pragmatism, and still others with astounding altruism and over-commitment. She observes that many workers today adopt what she calls the "one-way honor system." Faced with perpetual insecurity both at work and at home, Pugh finds that people defensively construct stronger and thicker walls between the two, expecting little or nothing from their jobs and placing nearly all of their expectations for enduring and fulfilling connections on their intimate relationships. This trend, she argues, often has the effect of making individuals' intimate lives, in which some invest so much in an effort to countervail the insecurity of work, in fact more fraught, reproducing the very "tumbleweed" dynamics they seek to check. By examining how we adapt ourselves, and prepare our children, for a new environment of uncertainty, Pugh gives us a finely detailed rendering of what "commitment" now means and how we still try to find it"--
Väestön taloudellinen toiminta 1950-2000 = Befolkningens ekonomiska verksamhet 1950-2000 = Economic activity of the population 1950-2000
The declining percentage of the working-age people
Peer-group mentoring in Finland
Long-term labour shortage :b the economic impact of population transition and post-industrialism on the OECD countries: the Nordic case
Sleep, work and mental health
Economic studies on higher education and productivity
Employment
Career development at work : a review of career guidance to support people in employment
This is a study of a complex but important concept, working poverty (or in-work poverty), involving individuals both as workers and members of households. It is caused by low pay, but also weak labour force attachment and high needs. The most recently available version of the household survey, EU-SILC, is analyzed to explain factors behind working poverty in different European countries. There has been a growth of jobs in Europe in the last fifteen years, but this has not decreased poverty because of a relative expansion of low quality jobs. Now economic crisis threatens to increase poverty further. But there is quite a diversity of situations within the EU which this book explores. It includes discussion of working poverty in relation to gender, to migration, and policies like tax-credits. Case studies of UK, France, Spain, Sweden and Poland are included and these countries are given special attention in most of the chapters.
Working mothers in Europe : a comparison of policies and practices
Everyday use of ICT in Finland 2006
"We live in a tumbleweed society, where job insecurity is rampant and widely seen as inevitable. Companies are transforming the way they organize work. While new working conditions offer gains for some workers, others lose out. Home life offers little respite: while diverse types of families are more accepted than ever before, stability is increasingly lacking in our intimate lives. In The Tumbleweed Society, sociologist Allison Pugh examines the ways we navigate questions of commitment and flexibility at work and at home in a society where insecurity has become the norm. Drawing on 80 in-depth interviews with three groups of parents who vary in their experiences of job insecurity and family structure, Pugh explores how people are adapting to the new culture of insecurity and how these adaptations themselves affect what we can expect from each other. Faced with perpetual insecurity both at work and at home, people construct stronger walls between the two, expecting little or nothing from their jobs and placing nearly all of their expectations for fulfilling connections on their intimate relationships. This trend, Pugh argues, often has the effect of making intimate lives even more fraught, reproducing the very tumbleweed dynamics they seek to check. Pugh shows that our experiences of insecurity shape the way we talk about obligations, how we interpret them as commitments we will or will not shoulder, how we conceive of what we owe each other--indeed, how we are able to weave the fabric of our connected lives"--
Work, life, and family imbalance : how to level the playing field
