http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11806 teacher training institutes of vocational schools
teacher training institutes of vocational schools
The lecturer's toolkit : a practical guide to learning, teaching & assessment
Teacher professionalism in further and higher education : challenges to culture and practice
English-medium instruction: seeking assessment criteria for spoken professional English
Polytechnics and universities, similar or different? : views of four polytechnic graduates studying at the university
Opistosta ammattikorkeakouluksi = From higher-level vocational education to college of vocational higher education
What the best college teachers do
University organization : a matrix analysis of the academic professions
International handbook of educational policy
College libraries and student culture : what we now know
Enacting a pedagogy of teacher education : values, relationships and practices
Making teaching work : teaching smarter in post-compulsory education
The ethics of teaching
Informaatiolukutaito osana oppimisprosessia = Information literacy and its role in the learning process
International handbook of educational policy. Part 1
Designing an educational program for HE teachers : a developmental process in authentic PBL settings
International handbook of educational policy. Part 2
This book presents the analysis of the representative survey about the academic profession in twelve European countries. Higher education in Europe has experienced a substantial change in recent years: Expansion progresses further, the expectation to deliver useful contributions of knowledge to the “knowledge society” is on the rise, and efforts to steer academic work through external forces and strong international management are more widespread than ever. Representative surveys of the academic profession in twelve European countries show how professors and junior staff at universities and other institutions of higher education view the role of higher education in society and their professional situation and how they actually shape their professional tasks. Academics differ across Europe substantially in their employment and working conditions, their views and their activities. Most of them favour the preservation of a close link between teaching and research and feel responsible for both theory and practice. Most consider efforts to enhance academic quality and social relevance as compatible. The overall satisfaction with their professional situation is rather high. --Publisher's description.
Education pays off
English-medium instruction : seeking assessment criteria for spoken professional English
The new academic generation : a profession in transformation
Academic and professional identities in higher education : the challenges of a diversifying workforce
Teaching with integrity : the ethics of higher education practice
Preparing to teach : an introduction to effective teaching in higher education : interesting ways to teach
International mobility in Finnish education : trends and developments in tertiary and secondary education 2000-2004
The work situation of the academic profession in Europe : findings of a survey in twelve countries
