http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11835 demons
demons
Kill 6 billion demons. [Book one]
Love in hell. 2
Master of the game
While slaying the zompires that have overrun a small California town, Buffy and her pals are shocked to discover a new kind of vampire: harder to kill, able to transform and walk in the light of day--like Dracula. If that weren't enough, the rules of magic are literally being rewritten. While the crew attempts to find out exactly what this means and restore the status quo, Xander is the victim of a haunting as his relationship with Dawn crumbles.
Angel : Aftermath. volume 5
Seventeen-year-old Karou, a lovely, enigmatic art student in a Prague boarding school, carries a sketchbook of hideous, frightening monsters--the chimaerae who form the only family she has ever known.
Nora. The last chronicle of devildom. Volume 9 : Null and void
B.P.R.D. : Hell on earth. 14, The exorcist
Mind of winter
Otherworld nights
Cruel beauty
B.P.R.D. : Hell on earth. [10], The devil's wings
Reap the wind
The fear machine
Angel & Faith. Season 10, volume 1, Where the river meets the sea
Every other day
Constantine. Volume 3 : The voice in the fire
The demon collector
The devil you know
City of lost souls
First drop of crimson
Hotter than hell
It's 1939. The Nazis have supermen, the British have demons, and one perfectly normal man gets caught in between. Raybould Marsh is a British secret agent in the early days of the Second World War, haunted by something strange he saw on a mission during the Spanish Civil War: a German woman with wires going into her head who looked at him as if she knew him. When the Nazis start running missions with people who have unnatural abilities--a woman who can turn invisible, a man who can walk through walls, and the woman Marsh saw in Spain who can use her knowledge of the future to twist the present--Marsh is the man who has to face them. He rallies the secret warlocks of Britain to hold the impending invasion at bay. But magic always exacts a price. Eventually, the sacrifice necessary to defeat the enemy will be as terrible as outright loss would be.
With an ultimate Big Bad, Archaeus, connected to so many from the Slayer's past, Buffy is calling in reinforcements - and saying to hell with the awkward consequences: her old flame, the vampire Angel, is needed for this job. As the Scoobies get closer to Archaeus, the extent of his power and his plans is revealed. Buffy is faced with figuring out how to keep her alive friends alive, and her undead friends... undead. And that is not even everything the Slayer is dealing with right now: Giles has discovered rapid aging, her father is in town, and her relationship with Spike is.... tense.
Dark calling
The road to hell
Prince of tricks
Eternal kiss of darkness
King of thieves
Daughter of smoke & bone
Someone is killing Britain's warlocks.  Twenty-two years after the Second World War, a precarious balance of power maintains the peace between Great Britain and the USSR. For decades, the warlocks have been all that stand between the British Empire and the Soviet Union-- a vast domain stretching from the Pacific Ocean to the shores of the English Channel. But now each death is another blow to Britain's security.  Meanwhile, a brother and sister escape from a top-secret research facility deep behind the Iron Curtain. Once subjects of a twisted Nazi experiment to imbue ordinary humans with extraordinary abilities, then prisoners of war in the vast Soviet effort to reverse engineer the Nazi technology, they head for England.  Because that's where former spy Raybould Marsh lives. And Gretel, the mad seer, has plans for him.  As Marsh is drawn back into the world of Milkweed, he discovers that Britain's darkest acts didn't end with the war. And as he strives to protect Queen and country, he's forced to confront his own willingness to accept victory at any cost.
Succubus shadows
Buffy the Vampire Slayer. Season 10, volume 4, Old demons
Buffy the vampire slayer. Season 10, volume 1, New rules
City of ashes
Grimoire of the lamb
Part of a small demon lair in North Las Vegas, tattooist Harper Wallis lives a pretty simple life. That changes overnight when she discovers that her psychic mate, or ‘anchor’, is a guy who’s rumored to be the most powerful demon in existence. Compelling, full of secrets and armed with raw sexuality, Knox Thorne is determined to claim her as his anchor, creating a psychic bond that will prevent their inner demons from ever turning rogue. The billionaire also wants Harper in his bed. She’s not so sure she wants either of those things. No one seems to know what breed of demon Knox is, only that he’s more dangerous than anything she’s ever before encountered. But he refuses to walk away. And when an unknown danger starts closing in on Harper, it seems that Knox is the only one who can keep her safe.  As Prime of his Las Vegas lair and a successful businessman, Knox Thorne is used to being in control. He’s also used to people fearing and obeying him. Harper does neither, which unexpectedly amuses him. Unpredictable, elusive, and complex, she draws Knox and his inner demon like nothing ever has. Knox is used to getting what he wants, and he wants Harper. He’ll have her, and he’ll keep her safe from the threat that looms over her. Because Knox protects what’s his. He won’t allow anyone to take her from him. Even if it will mean letting the demon inside him rise and wreak the havoc it was created to make.
Pure blood
Suicide risk. Volume four, Jericho
The Devil's evidence
Faith can't resist a Deepscan mission to South America when she discovers that it centers on finding missing demon hunter Riley Finn. She and Riley have a rocky history, and Faith wants to make amends. When it becomes clear that a tribe of jungle-dwelling vampires are related to Riley's disappearance, Faith and her team have to call on their rusty slayer skills! Across the Atlantic in London's Magic Town, Amy the Rat has been seeking favors, and Angel is on alert--he knows the witch is after more than she's letting on.
The afterlife academy
Menolly, an acrobat-turned-vampire and operative for the Otherworld Intelligence Agency, must finally confront her sire, Dredge, who, in partnership with the demon Shadow Wing, is turning humans into newborn vampires.
Angel & Faith. Season 9, volume 5, What you want, not what you need
Black butler. XVIII
Monster in my closet
The Slayer's Vampyr book has given Buffy the freedom to rewrite the rules of magic, thus making it an extremely coveted item. She won't go it alone and has brought in her closest friends to advise. But when the book goes missing, a small search party heads to Sunnydale, fearing that one in their inner circle is looking to resurrect some former enemies buried in the depths of the Hellmouth. Responsibility is not new to the Slayer, but those around her are tempted by what new rules can do for them -- just like the Big Bads who have come knocking on Buffy's door.
The chronicles of Malus Darkblade. Volume 2
The hunter and the hunted
In this season-finale story arc, the team is splintered literally and metaphorically after a confrontation with the Soul Glutton and the Mistress. As Buffy searches for ways to bring the team back together, insecurities plague her budding relationship with Spike. Seems like a great time for a new Big Bad to make a move to capture the Vampyr book and rewrite the rules of magic. When the stakes grow perilous, Buffy must trust in herself to make the right choice and bear the burden of protecting the book from the monsters who wish to abuse it.
Black butler. XVII
The inquisition
Death's shadow
Defeat the enemy. Win the boy. Live happily ever after. But life "ever after" isn't as easy as it used to be. Harper's gone from being a member of a small demon lair to co-Prime of one of the most powerful lairs in the US with a mate who, though hot as hell, is just a mite overprotective - I mean, you get kidnapped by dark practitioners just once...  Then one of Knox's demons goes rogue, and in his madness decides Knox Thorne must die. Harper's worried. Knox isn't - at least until he discovers his mate's willingness to get between him and danger.  Now, Knox has a new priority: Keep Harper safe ...no matter what it takes. But Harper begins to suspect there's more danger than one rogue demon. It seems the combined strength of Harper and Knox has upset the balance of power in the demon world and there are those who are determined to right that wrong. Because when you move up the food chain, sometimes the other predators just want to take a bigger bite.
Snake agent : a detective inspector Chen novel
With gangs of vampires bringing trouble to the streets of Magic Town, Angel and Faith have their work cut out for them--not only protecting the citizens from the vampire terrorists but also dealing with the source of the trouble - Drusilla and the uberdemon Archaeus. Having failed to gather Angel and Spike to his side, Archaeus is building his family with Dru and looking for a way to gain true control of Magic Town through Nadira and her magic . . . Angel, Faith, Fred and Illyria, and Koh will pit their newly formed family against Archaeus's brood of blood and misguided magic in a battle for London!
Nora. The last chronicle of devildom. Volume 6 : Cerberus and the Dark Liege
Demon thief
The exorcist
Angel & Faith. Season 10, Volume 3, United
Chas - the knowledge
Cameron Stewart (Fight Club 2, Batgirl) writes and draws the two-arc story following Ashley Strode from agent-in-training to fully-fledged exorcist. BPRD field agent Ashley Strode attempts to purge a demon from a 100-year-old exorcist, utilizing a deadly rite that sends both of them into a spiritual hell. When she returns, her commitment to fighting the forces of evil in the world leads her to a rural town where a demon-worshiping cult is believed to be kidnapping children.
Spike : a dark place
Constantine. Volume 2, Blight
Seraph of the end : vampire reign. 6
Outcast. Volume 2, A vast and unending ruin
Nora. The last chronicle of devildom. Volume 7 : Hope and desire
When Faith returns to London, her qualms about reteaming with Angel are pushed aside when the demon Eldre Koh's search for vengeance and his lost friend Illyria bring him to Magic Town. Angel and Faith learn the truth behind Koh's quest and delve into the strange circumstances of an old ally's return.
Under the gun
Nora. The last chronicle of devildom. Volume 3 : The soul stones
The prize in the game
Mugen spiral : The complete two-volume series
Buffy's personal life heats up just as a new threat called the Sculptor enters the San Francisco scene. With the help of an artefact, Andrew discovers his inner strength and plays a key role in the fight against this new foe. But the Sculptor's presence may indicate a bigger bad coming down the line. Meanwhile, adding complications to Buffy's relationship with Spike are the murderous dreams - made real - the plague the ensouled vampire. Buffy journeys into the deepest recesses of Spike's mind and discovers that it's not so easy to leave your demons behind.
Love in hell. 3
Otherworld secrets
The key
The chronicles of Malus Darkblade. Volume 1
The darkest secret
Ral Grad. Vol. 3. Change
Doom : PlayStation 4
Nora. The last chronicle of devildom. Volume 8 : The shout of the soul
The boy who could see demons
The world exists for me. Volume 1
Wolf Island
Nora. The last chronicle of devildom. Volume 4 : The truth about Cerberus
Sword in the storm
Thomas Fool alone has survived the wrath of both demon and angel, and now he faces his most thrilling and complex challenge. Troubling and deadly fires are spreading throughout Hell, and it is Fool's job to sift the ashes and find their source. The clues he finds are mysterious and unsettling, implying something different from the usual litany of cruelty he sees. But one fact is the most disconcerting: the fires have left his masters at the Bureaucracy terrified. In the midst of the chaos, Fool is sent to accompany a political delegation to Heaven. It is unprecedented for a condemned human to enter the land of the elevated, but Fool is protected as one of Hell's own. When his arrival coincides with the discovery of an impossible murder, he faces a catastrophic paradox. Violence, corruption, and fear are Hell's currency; how does one investigate evil where those concepts cannot exist? Impossible or not, the killings are real, and the evidence leads Fool deep into the contradictions of a visionary landscape, where danger can present itself in any form, and to the heart of a conspiracy with the power to upset the balance of Heaven and Hell.
Buffy the vampire slayer. Season 10, volume 2, I wish
The world exists for me. Volume 2
In this sharp and darkly mysterious novel Lenk and his fellow adventurers must find their way through the silk-trading city of C'Jer Daal as demons and gods stalk the streets in a battle for dominion even as the thieves guilds go to war for their own petty ends.  Mixing wild magics, exciting swordplay, mystery and an irrestible, if scurrilous, sense of humour this is a hugely exciting new direction for fantasy. Full of adventure and extreme imagination it nevertheless manages to weave in a surprising subtlety and sensitivity in it's characterisation.
Long before he was sent to hell, the Aeon known as Khoth-Kapira was the closest thing to a living god the world had ever known. Possessed of a vast intellect, he pioneered many of the wonders that persist in the world long after he was banished. Nearly every fragment of medical, economic and technological progress that the mortal races enjoyed could be traced back to him. But with his wonders came cruelty beyond measure: industrialised slavery, horrifying experimentations and a rage that would eventually force the world to bow to him. Now, as Khoth-Kapira stirs, the world begins to shudder with disasters yet to come.
Dark needs at night's edge
Desolation
The coldest war
Seraph of the end : vampire reign. 7
Every demon has his day
Bound by flame : Xbox 360, Xbox live
Fairies in my fireplace
Death's daughter
Peter V. Brett writes in the grand tradition of George R.R. Martin, Terry Brooks, David Eddings, and Robert Jordan. This novel continues his critically acclaimed 'Demon Cycle', which last left off in 'The Daylight War'.
Nora. The last chronicle of devildom. Volume 2 : The rage ignites
One boy's power to summon demons will change the fate of an empire.
Spike hightails it for the dark side of the moon after parting ways with his on-again, off-again love interest, Buffy the Vampire Slayer...But his plans for self-loathing are interrupted when he's confronted by dangerous demons looking for a first-class ticket to Sunnydale!
Spike. Volume 1 : Alone together now
The summer that melted everything
Two ravens and one crow
Buffy the Vampire Slayer. Season 10, Volume 6, Own it
Bound by flame : PlayStation 3
Inferno
Angel & Faith. Season 10, volume 2, Lost and found
Mountain echoes
The city stained red
Angel. Volume 2 : The crown prince syndrome
My best friend's exorcism : a novel
Shadow pavilion : a detective inspector Chen novel
Elric of Melniboné
B.P.R.D. : Hell on earth. 12, Metamorphosis
Outcast. Volume 3, This little light
Buffy the vampire slayer. Season 10, volume 3, Love dares you
Lady Death : Origins. Volume 1
On the side of the angels
Nora. The last chronicle of devildom. Volume 5 : Destiny
Buffy the vampire slayer. Season 10, Volume 5, In pieces on the ground
Demon city Shinjuku : the complete edition
Discovering a slew of missing students, Faith and Fred investigate at a prep school where the mysterious deaths are linked to a teenage-vampire population. Angel returns to London in the midst of the vampire threat.
12 May 1940. Westminster, London, England: the early days of World War II. Again. Raybould Marsh, one of "our" Britain's best spies, has travelled to another Earth in a desperate attempt to save at least one timeline from the Cthulhu-like monsters who have been observing our species from space and have already destroyed Marsh's timeline. In order to accomplish this, he must remove all traces of the supermen that were created by the Nazi war machine and caused the spectors from outer space to notice our planet in the first place. His biggest challenge is the mad seer Greta, one of the most powerful of the Nazi creations, who has sent a version of herself to this timeline to thwart Marsh. Why would she stand in his way? Because she has seen that in all the timelines she dies and she is determined to stop that from happening, even if it means destroying most of humanity in the process. And Marsh is the only man who can stop her. Necessary Evil is the stunning conclusion to Ian Tregillis's Milkweed series.
The novice
Jade sky : a Matt Rowley novel
B.P.R.D. : Hell on earth. 11, Flesh and stone
A head full of ghosts
Black butler. XVI
Demon apocalypse
The skull throne
Love in hell. 1
City of demons
Demon invasions wreak havoc worldwide when an interdimensional portal lands in the wrong hands those of the Mistress, the Sculptor, and the Soul Glutton. As new threats pour into the streets, Buffy and her closest allies find their paths diverging: Willow gets a serious job, Xander and Ghost Anya grow perilously close, Andrew is tempted by evil, and Buffy and Spike continue to work at making their relationship, well, work. And as the real and supernatural worlds collide, Dawn is forced to make a life-altering decision.
You'd think that being chief seer for the supernatural world would come with a few perks. But as Cassie Palmer has learned, being Pythia doesn't mean you don't have to do things the hard way. That's why she finds herself on a rescue mission skipping through time - even though she doesn't entirely understand her dimension-bending new power. Rescuing her friend John Pritkin should have been an in-and-out kind of deal, but with the near-immortal mage's soul lost in time, Cassie has to hunt for it through the ages - with Pritkin's demon dad in tow. He's the only one who can reverse Pritkin's curse, but with the guardians of the timeline dead set on stopping anyone from mucking about, Cassie will have to figure out how to get her friend back without ruffling too many feathers - or causing a world-ending paradox or two...
Nora. The last chronicle of devildom. Volume 1 : A match made in hell
Outcast. Volume 1, A darkness surrounds him
Marvel frontier comics : the complete collection
The devouring
The mortal tally
The family man
Demon and the city : a detective inspector Chen novel
Angel & Faith. Season 10, volume 5, A tale of two families
Angel & Faith. Season 10, volume 4, A little more than kin
For a girl on the run, Desolation Hill is the perfect place to hide. Only problem? The place has other things to hide too. Reeling from their bloody encounter in New York City, Amber and Milo flee north. On their trail are the Hounds of Hell - five demonic bikers who will stop at nothing to drag their quarries back to their unholy master. Amber and Milo's only hope lies within Desolation Hill - a small town with a big secret; a town with a darkness to it, where evil seeps through the very floorboards. Until, on one night every year, it spills over onto the streets and all hell breaks loose.
Succubus dreams
Necessary evil
