http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11844 drama education
drama education
International handbook of research in arts education. Part 1
Teaching literacy through drama : creative approaches
Leffajengi : social pedagogy in church early youth work
Teaching young children to draw : imaginative approaches to representational drawing
Perpetual motion : creative movement exercises for dance and dramatic arts
Drama, culture and empowerment : the IDEA dialogues
Practical drama handbook
The art of drama teaching
Storycomposing as a path to a child's inner world : a collaborative music therapy experiment with a child co-researcher
Supporting drama and imaginative play in the early years
Learning to teach drama 11-18
Take a bow! : lesson plans for preschool drama
Dance improvisations : warm-ups, games and choreographic tasks
International handbook of research in arts education
Building moral communities through educational drama
Drama education equips future specialists
GCSE coursework : drama : a teachers' guide to organisation and assessment
Planning process drama : enriching teaching and learning
Key concepts in theatre/drama education
International handbook of research in arts education. Part 2
Creating democratic citizenship through drama education : the writings of Jonothan Neelands ; edited by Peter O'Connor ; foreword by David Booth and Juliana Saxton
100 ideas for teaching drama
Special talents, special needs : drama for people with learning disabilities
Pretend play as improvisation : conversation in the preschool classroom
Dynamic pedagogy - communication and creativity in education. Guide : Greece
Creative drama in the classroom and beyond
Planning process drama
Development through drama
Progression in secondary drama
Dramaworks : planning drama, creating practical structures, developing drama pretexts
Body and language : intercultural learning through drama
Drama education and special needs : a handbook for teachers in mainstream and special schools
Story drama in the special needs classroom : step-by-step lesson plans for teaching through dramatic play
Key Concepts in Theatre/Drama Education provides the first comprehensive survey of contemporary research trends in theatre/drama education.... Fifty seven entries, written by sixty scholars from across the world, aim to convey the zeitgeist of the field. The book's key innovation lies in its method of writing, through collaborative networking, an open peer-review process, and meaning-making involving all contributors.... The volume clearly shows that drama/theatre educators and researchers have created a language with its own grammar and lucid syntax. The concepts outlined convey the current knowledge of scholars, highlighting what they consider significant. Entries cover interdependent topics on teaching and learning, aesthetics and ethics, curricula and history, culture and community, various populations and their needs, theatre for young people, digital technology, narrative and pedagogy, research methods, Shakespeare and Brecht, other various modes of theatre and the education of theatre teachers.--From publisher description.
First stage : a drama handbook for schools and youth theatres
Into the story : language in action through drama
On the road again : views on the development of teacher education in Oulu during the 1990's
Learning through imagined experience : the role of drama in the national curriculum
Performing arts in the primary school
Drama for learning : Dorothy Heathcote's mantle of the expert approach to education
Improvising Real Life : Personal Story im Playback Theatre
Learning to teach drama : a case narrative approach
From play way to dramatic art : a historical survey about drama in education in Great Britain
Drama games for classrooms and workshops
Abstract: The main motivating reason behind the topic area of this thesis is the growing number of immigrants and immigrant children in Finland. Multiculturalism is a current phenomenon in todayʼs society and it brings new challenges to early childhood education and care (ECEC). The objective of this thesis was to develop a practical implementation to the worklife partner, aiming at bringing multicultural education as a theme closer to the everyday reality by using expressive methods. The project was conducted in close co-operation with the Helsinki English Language Montessori Preschool. In this report we defined theories considering early childhood education and multicultural education as concepts. Expressive methods being the main methods applied, we introduced some relevant theories in support as part of the theoretical framework. When working with children expressive methods are a low threshold way of bringing the above mentioned themes closer to childrenʼs experience of the world.  The functional part of the implementation was a weeklong project for five-year-old children. Our goal was to raise the childrenʼs world awareness through expressive methods. We were hoping for active participation that would lead to increased self-understanding. Our work-life partner introduced the need for grouping, which then became one of the objectives.  Multicultural education is a current topic, in particular in the field of ECEC and increasing knowledge and skills about multiculturalism among the educators is extremely vital. Our aim was to bring forward the theme of multiculturalism both with the children and with the professionals working with them. During each session of the project multiculturalism was presented to the children in different ways. We hope that our work life partner will be able to use the report as an inspirational tool in the future.  The well planned sessions turned out to be successful, although raising childrenʼs world awareness, self-understanding and grouping are especially large concepts and quite difficult to measure. We were able to create a positive and an inspiring environment for the children that can enhance learning. Some concerns that emerged during the process were the lack of literature on multicultural education and instructions regarding preschoolʼs everyday challenges. We hope that in the future our project will awaken interest, foster further discussion and research about this current fascinating topic.
Drama Worlds : a framework of process drama
Speaking, listening and drama
Multicultural Education through Expressive Methods in Early Childhood Education
Visual order : the nature and development of pictorial representation
Arts education in secondary schools : effects and effectiveness
Analyzing children's art
Applied theatre : international case studies and challenges for practice
Art as experience
This yearbook is the third in an annual series of publications by the International Network for Research in Arts Education (INRAE). It provides an inclusive study of contemporary research trends in arts education. The book is based on the idea of constructing knowledge in arts education with the wisdom of the many. 104 scholars from across the world convey the zeitgeist of key issues in research in arts education through 91 entries. Various disciplines of arts education (music, art, visual arts and digital media, drama and theatre), as well as sections on interdisciplinary themes (culture, communities, teaching and learning, assessment, policy, morals, ethics and aesthetics) and methodological issues (a research section), are incorporated in a compendium for every researcher, student, teacher or artist who wants to be engaged in the recent exchange of scholarly ideas on what is considered significant by the many. The key issues represented in the book reflect images and observations that a large body of researchers consider to be essential at this point of time.
Organising young people's dramatic practises : a report from a Nordic-Baltic-Russian Educational Theatre Network 1999-2001
Dynamic pedagogy - communication and creativity in education = Pédagogie active - communication et créativité en education. Guide : France
"Just playing the part" : engaging adolescents in drama & literacy
Drama education in the lives of girls : imagining possibilities
The teaching of drama in the primary school
500 kids art ideas : inspiring projects for fostering creativity and self-expression
Gavin Bolton's contextual drama : the road less travelled
Research methodologies for drama education
Young children, pedagogy and the arts : ways of seeing
Acting in classroom drama : a critical analysis
International yearbook for research in arts education, Volume 3 (2015)
Transformations through drama : a teacher's guide to educational drama, grades K-8
Starting drama teaching
Arts approaches to conflict
Developing play and drama in children with autistic spectrum disorders
Dynamic pedagogy - communication and creativity in education. Theory
Masterclass in drama education : transforming teaching and learning
Drama and theatre in education : contemporary research
Drama and I.T. : discovering the human  dimension
Schemes for classroom drama
In role : teaching and learning dramatically
Selected readings in drama and theatre education : the IDEA '95 papers
"Based on updated QCA/NLS guidelines and drama objectives, this book: * combines practical advice on planning, teaching and assessing with best teaching practices * offers detailed guidance on the Key stage 3 drama curriculum * includes lesson plans for years 7-9 for students to use in their teaching"--Back cover.
More theatre games for young performers : improvisations and exercises for developing acting skills
Drama sampler : preparations and presentations for first examinations
Dorothy Heathcote : drama as a learning medium
"Gavin Bolton's contextual drama is the result of more than two decades of study of Bolton's theory and practice. For teachers and those in the caring professions, it will clarify the power of contextual drama as a beneficial learning medium for children and adults, both within and beyond the classroom. The core of the book is a detailed analysis of nine examples of the contextual drama mode; the first five demonstrate and analyze Bolton's practice with children and young people and the final four describe his teaching with adults. Each chapter is framed by an introduction that contextualizes Bolton, from his initial beginnings working with visually and aurally-challenged children to his position as reader in drama at Durham University. The final two chapters offer reflection on the nature of this work and, in particular, the significance of Bolton's contributions to education."
Education in drama : casting the dramatic curriculum
Puppetry in education and therapy : unlocking doors to the mind and heart
Teaching dance as art in education
Creative drama in the classroom
Dance spetters II : motive for motion
Early childhood art
The influence of instruction in formal analysis on the acquisition of visual design concepts and the production of paintings
Find your voice : a methodology for enhancing literacy through re-writing and re-acting
Drama in schools
Teaching through theatre : six practical projects
Theatre, education and the making of meanings : art or instrument?
Teaching art to young children 4-9
Drama performance in children's play-culture : the possibilities and significance of form
Creative drama in the primary grades : a handbook for teachers
Barns bildspråk = Children's pictorial language
Performing democracy : international perspectives on urban community-based performance
Expression in music and dance education : International Orff-Schulwerk Symposium, Orivesi Finland March 24-26, 2000
The drama classroom : action, reflection, transformation
