http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1184 alliances
alliances
Voting and coalitions in the council after the enlargement
Reconstructing Finnish defence in the post-cold war era
The Hopkins touch : Harry Hopkins and the forging of the alliance to defeat Hitler
Global airlines : competition in a transnational industry
RuneQuest. Sixth edition
The traitor queen
Organizational learning in strategic alliances : the case of Finnair Oyj in Oneworld alliance
Competence perspectives on managing interfirm interactions
Encyclopedia of historical treaties and alliances. [Vol. 1], From ancient times to world war I
Eve : True stories
Know-who based entrepreneurship : from knowledge creation to business implementation
Strategic partnership : an entrepreneur's guide to joint ventures and alliances
Open innovation through strategic alliances : approaches for product, technology, and business model creation
World War II behind closed doors : Stalin, the Nazis and the West
Encyclopedia of historical treaties and alliances
The strategic partnering handbook : the practitioners' guide to partnerships and alliances
Alliance objectives in strategy framework : the case of multipartner alliances in the airline industry
The politics of coalition in Korea : between institutions and culture
In search for the best alliance structure between banks and insurance companies
The information superhighway : strategic alliances in telecommunications and multimedia
International hotel expansion through strategic alliances
Stock exchange alliances, access fees and competition
Building, leading, and managing strategic alliances : how to work effectively and profitably with partner companies
Tito, Michailović and the Allies, 1941-1945
Axis of unity : Venezuela, Iran & the threat to America
Alliances and small powers
The political economy of trust : institutions, interests, and inter-firm cooperation in Italy and Germany
Common or divided security? : German and Norwegian perspectives on Euro-Atlantic security
Small states and alliances
The origins of alliances
The alliance between Syria and Iran has been an enduring feature on the political landscape of the Middle East. Since its inception after the Iranian Revolution, it has had a significant impact in terms of moulding events and bringing changes in the region. This study argues that the alliance between the two states has been defensive in nature.
Approaches to European security in the 1990s
Blood of tyrants
The Iraq war : strategy, tactics, and military lessons
Understanding NATO in the 21st century : alliance strategies, security and global governance
"The breakup of the U.S.S.R. was unexpected and unexpectedly peaceful. Though a third of the new states fell prey to violent civil conflict, anarchy on the post-Soviet periphery, when it occurred, was quickly cauterized. This book argues that this outcome had nothing to do with security guarantees by Russia or the United Nations and everything to do with local innovation by ruthless warlords, who competed and colluded in a high-risk coalition formation game. Drawing on a structured comparison of Georgian and Tajik militia members, the book combines rich comparative data with formal modeling, treating the post-Soviet space as an extraordinary laboratory to observe the limits of great powers' efforts to shape domestic institutions in weak states"--
Factors affecting knowledge sharing in strategic alliancec : the role of knowledge sharing as strategic control behavior among multinational enterprises
The strained alliance : U.S.-European relations from Nixon to Carter
The role of the G8 in international peace and security
Strategic alliances, joint investments, and market structure
Liberation
Treaties and alliance of the world
The US and nuclear deterrence in Europe
The transatlantic allies and the changing Middle East
World power trends and U.S. foreign policy for the 1980s
Europe united : power politics and the making of the European Community
Eisenhower's armies : the American-British alliance during World War II
Britain, Portugal and South America in the Napoleonic Wars : Alliances and Diplomacy in Economic Maritime Conflict
US foreign policy in the Middle East : the roots of anti-americanism
Encyclopedia of historical treaties and alliances. [Vol. 2], From the 1920s to the present
Drawing on material available only since opening of archives in Eastern Europe and Russia, Rees reexamines the key choices made by Stalin, Churchill and Roosevelt during the war. --from publisher description
Russian political language and public opinion on the West, NATO and Chechnya : securisation theory reconsidered
Syria and Iran : diplomatic alliance and power politics in the Middle East
Finding the right partner for expanding services over to the UK market : case study/action research
Aces high
Factors affecting knowledge sharing in strategic alliances : the role of knowledge sharing as strategic control behavior among multinational enterprises
International agreements of the multispecies Baltic Sea fisheries : a partition function game approach
Liberalisation of the European aviation : focus on the North-European scheduled services
Global collective action
The military challenges of transatlantic coalitions
Security-political dialogue 99 : sweden/Poland/Austria documentation
The social construction of Europe
Managing contemporary crises : a challenge for the European Union
Bipolarization and the international system : 1946-1970
Collaborate : the art of we
Handbook on international alliance and network research
Collaborating to achieve a strategic vision : an evaluation of curriculum development in the FUAS universities of applied sciences
Russia and Europe : Putin's foreign policy
Global airline alliances play a major role in the aviation business today. Allying is one of the survival strategies of airlines. The global alliances operating today, Star Alliance, oneworld and Skyteam are largest organisations and the member airlines are naturally affected by the cooperation.     The interaction in the global airline alliances is examined with the help of using one of the three large global alliances, oneworld, as an example. The framework of this thesis is the theory of global airline alliances and more specifically the cooperation forms of the members in the alliances. The goal is to enlighten the significance of cooperation in an alliance for a member airline.      The thesis was conducted as natural continuation to the author's concentration studies in the field of aviation in University of Applied Sciences Bad Honnef in Germany. The research for the thesis was started in summer 2008. The process of writing was longer than planned and was finished in the fall of 2009.    oneworld airline alliance is introduced in more detail with the structure, strengths and weaknesses. Two of the members, Finnair and American Airlines are introduced with more detail as they are a significant source for the research in the form of interviews from companies' representatives and a frontline worker, airline purser. The data for the research was collected from interviews and secondary data.     The areas of interview questions were cooperation forms such as code sharing, ground services and staff sharing, power in the alliance, idea of seamless travel, role of alliance coordinators and headquarters in Vancouver, and current projects. The findings of these interviews were gathered and discussed under three themes: commitment, culture and democracy. The topic of the research is large and this thesis was only an introduction to the interaction in alliances. The results did however discover interesting areas of the alliance cooperation such as areas that have not been made use of and the direction towards closer cooperation. The research suggests that commitment in the alliance is strong as investments made by the members are high. However, efforts in the area of shared training have been low.
Alliance of the colored peoples : Ethiopia & Japan before World War II
The Oxford handbook of inter-organizational relations
Tourism in the age of alliances, mergers and acquisitions
Possibilities of partnership approach to purchasing in electronics-based small-scale production
Worse than a monolith : alliance politics and problems of coercive diplomacy in Asia
France and her Eastern allies 1919-1925 : French-Czechoslovak-Polish relations from the Paris Peace Conference to Locarno
Warlords and coalition politics in post-Soviet states
Im Dienste des Friedens : die Österreichische Teilnahme an Friedensoperationen seit 1960 = In the service of peace : Austrian participation in peace operations since 1960.
International joint ventures : an interplay of cooperative and noncooperative games under incomplete information
Reassessing ASEAN
Roosevelt's lost alliances : how personal politics helped start the Cold War
The airline business
Informal coalitions : mastering the hidden dynamics of organizational change
Upsetting the apple cart : Black-Latino coalitions in New York City from protest to public office
Strategic alliances in the dairy industry : with special reference to Arla Foods
Game theory at work : how to use game theory to outthink and outmaneuver your competition
Multiparty government : the politics of coalition in Europe
Protesting America : democracy and the U.S.-Korea alliance
Reconstructing Finnish Defence in the post-cold war era
Strategic airline alliances
Warriors of the storm
A slavic triangle? : present and future relations between Russia, Ukraine and Belarus
The Nato handbook : 50th Anniversary edition
When trust breaks down : alliance norms and world politics
Permanent alliance? : NATO and the transatlantic bargain from Truman to Obama
Networks. Vol. 1
Defence reform in Croatia and Serbia-Montenegro
NATO's Balkan interventions
Collaborate for success = Yhteistyöllä kilpailukykyä : FUAS-liittoumastrategia 2011-2015
Alliance integration : case oneworld
Encyclopedia of conflicts since World War II. Vol. 2
Strategic alliances : governance and contracts
Alliance competence : maximizing the value of your partnerships
On geopolitics : space, place, and international relations
Determinants of internationalisation through strategic alliances : insights based on new data on large Finnish firms
Puzzles of government formation : coalition theory and deviant cases
"Twenty-five years after the end of the Cold War, Euro-Atlantic security is under pressure. Faced with major geopolitical shifts, instability at its frontiers and financial crisis at home, the European nations and their American Allies will have to rethink how to design common security. Failure to animate the European Union (EU) and to reinvigorate the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO) as efficient tools for peace and security might lead the West back to the spectre of divided security, to fragmentation and renationalisation. This book addresses the main challenges to Western security from the perspective of two European Allies: Germany and Norway"--Provided by publisher.
FUAS-liittouman laadunhallinnan kehittyminen step by step = Step-by-step: development of FUAS quality management
Alignment despite antagonism : the United States-Korea-Japan security triangle
The need of strategic alliances in the airline industry
China rising : peace, power, and order in East Asia
Handbook of strategic alliances
The Korean Peninsula : is Kim Dae-jung's pursuit of a Korean confederation realistic?
Finland's war of choice : the troubled German-Finnish coalition in WWII
League of dragons
Alliances and the third world
