http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11804 globulins
globulins
Use of preclinical and early clinical data for dose selection of a selective estrogen receptor modulator toremifene in treatment of breast cancer
Insulin-like growth factor binding proteins-1 and -3 and sex hormone binding globulin : studies on regulation of synthesis in vitro and clinical aspects
Oxidation of emulsified oat proteins
Cardiovascular diseases are the leading cause of death worldwide and type 2 diabetes is reaching a global epidemic. Epidemiological studies have identified numerous risk factors and pharmacotherapies in relation to these cardiometabolic diseases. However, the detailed molecular mechanisms of these risk factors and drug therapies generally remain incompletely understood. Elucidating the underlying molecular effects would be essential for better understanding of the disease pathogenesis and also for discovering new therapeutic targets. Quantitative serum metabolomics, which allows for simultaneous quantification of multiple circulating metabolic measures, provides a hypothesis-free approach to systematically inspect the metabolic changes in response to endogenous and exogenous stimuli. Metabolomics thus presents a valuable tool to study the detailed molecular effects of disease risk factors and drug therapies. However, current metabolomics studies are mostly conducted in small cross-sectional studies and the causal relations of the risk factors on the metabolic measures are generally unclear, providing limited public health impact. The present thesis serves as a proof-of-concept to illustrate that well-designed observational studies can be used to infer causality. With the exemplars of assessing molecular effects of two risk factors (body mass index and sex hormone-binding globulin) and two drug therapies (statins and oral contraceptives), the thesis demonstrates that an improved causal inference can be achieved in observational studies via the combination of multiple study designs, including cross-sectional, longitudinal and Mendelian randomization analysis. This robust study design approach together with metabolomics data can be also extended to study the molecular effects of other risk factors and drug therapies. With an improved molecular understanding of a wide range of risk factors and therapies, better understanding of disease pathogenesis is ensured.
Insulin-like growth factor binding proteins-1 and -3 and sex hormone-binding globulin : studies on regulation of synthesis in vitro, and clinical aspects
Regulation of sex hormone-binding globulin production in vitro
Epidemiological applications of quantitative serum NMR metabolomics:causal inference from observational studies
Dynamics in serum of the inflammatory markers serum amyloid A (SAA), haptoglobin, fibrinogen and α2-globulins during induced noninfectious arthritis in the horse
Interactions between C3 fragments and immunoglobulins : an enzyme-immunoassay for measuring immunoconglutinins and immunoglobulin aggregates
Receptors and endocytosis of coxsackievirus A9
Epidemiological applications of quantitative serum NMR metabolomics : causal inference from observational studies
