http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11869 resistance (biological properties)
resistance (biological properties)
Antimicrobial resistance in enterobacteria of non-clinical origin
Mycorrhizas - functional processes and ecological impact
Breeding for disease resistance in farm animals
Host-pathogen coevolution through trade-offs and coinfection
Cellulase as a major pathogenicity factor in potato ring rot bacterium (Clavibacter michiganensis subsp. sepedonicus)
Handbook of phytoalexin metabolism and action
Ultraviolet B radiation induced alterations in immune function of fish in relation to habitat preference and disease resistance
Improving genetic disease resistance in farm animals : a seminar in the community programme for the coordination of agricultural research, held in Brussels, Belgium, 8-9 November 1988
Induced resistance to disease in plants
The evaluation of durum wheat landraces for resistance to wheat yellow rust (Puccinia striiformis f. sp. tritici) in the Southeastern Anatolia Region, Turkey
Natural resistance mechanisms of plants to viruses
Abstract: Disease susceptibility of cereal varieties in Finnish official variety trials 1998-2005.
Molecular aspects of plant disease resistance
Breeding strategies for resistance to the rusts of wheat
Role of WRKY transcription factors in Arabidopsis development and stress responses
Physiology of disease resistance in plants. Vol. 2
Metabolic engineering of phenolic biosynthesis pathway and metabolite profiling of strawberry (Fragaria × ananassa) : Kati Hanhineva
Biotechnology in plant disease control
Effect of grafting and modified atmosphere packaging (MAP) on melon quality parameters during storage
Field performance of chitinase transgenic silver birches (Betula pendula) : resistance to fungal diseases
Screening of birch, Betula spp., for rust resistance Melampsoridium betulinum
Kvantitativ genetikk for egenskaper relatert til sykdomsresistens og effekter av vaksinering i Atlantisk laks (Salmo salar).
Plant breeding for pest and disease resistance
Characterization of virus resistance in Solanum brevidens Phil
Plant-microbe interactions : volume 5
The resistance of some potato varieties to spraing caused by tobacco rattle virus
Proceedings of the International Energy Agency Task II : biomass growth and production technology : joint workshop : willow breeding and biotechnology development activities Long Ashton Research Station, Long Ashton, Bristol, BS18 9AF, United Kingdom 28 September - 6 October 1988.
Snow mould resistance in winter wheat = Resistens mot overvintringssopp i høsthvete
Genetic analyses of resistance in barley (Hordeum vulgare L.) against scald (Rhynchosporium secalis (Oudem.) J.J. Davis) = Genetiske analyser av resistens mot grå øyeflekk (Rhynchosporium secalis (Oudem.) J.J. Davis) i bygg (Hordeum vulgare L.)
Forest pathology : from genes to landscapes
A review of genetic studies of some important traits in the genera Acer, Fagus, Fraxinus, Prunus, Quercus and Ulmus
Resistance to pink snow mould (Microdochium nivale) in perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.)
Molecular studies of Arabidopsis and Brassica with focus on resistance to Leptosphaeria maculans
Physiology of disease resistance in plants. Vol. 1
The objective of the study was to find DNA markers associated with resistance to Typhula ishikariensis in timothy (Phleum pratense L.) using bulked-segregant analysis. A progeny of 161 F1 individuals was created by crossing the Finnish resistant cultivar Tammisto II with the Japanese susceptible cultivar Nosappu. Six to ten clones of each F1 individual were tested for resistance in the greenhouse, and a survival index, which was based both on survival and the ability of plants to recover, was calculated for each F1 to describe resistance. Resistant and susceptible bulks of eight individuals in each were screened with a total of 292 primer combinations. Six DNA markers were found to be associated with resistance, together explaining 15% of phenotypic variation in Typhula resistance. Four of the markers formed one linkage group, which contained a QTL explaining 7% of the variation in Typhula resistance.
Developing Sitka spruce populations for resistance to the white pine weevil : summary of research and breeding program
Proceedings of the first IUFRO Rusts of Forest Trees Working Party Conference, 2-7 Aug, 1998, Saariselkä, Finland
Toward insect resistant maize for the third world : proceedings of the International symposium on methodologies for developing host plant resistance to maize insects, CIMMYT, Mexico, 9-14 March 1987.
Detection of genetic variation and Fusarium resistance in turfgrass genotypes using PCR-based markers (ISSR and SCAR)
"Suvetar" and "Valotar" - new strawberry cultivars
Proceedings of the IIIrd International Late Blight Conference : Beijing, China, April 3-6, 2008
Chemically induced resistance in strawberry (Fragaria × ananassa) and arctic bramble (Rubus arcticus) : biochemical responses and efficacy against powdery mildew and downy mildew diseases
Dasineura tetensi and black currant : on a variable gall midge and its variable host
DNA markers for Typhula resistance in timothy (Phleum pratense L.)
Resistance to powdery mildew in selections from barley landraces collected in Greece
Induced resistance for plant defence : a sustainable approach to crop protection
Resistance to crown rot (Phytophthora cactorum) in strawberry : genetic variation between isolates, screening methods, induced resistance and cultivar resistance = Resistens mot rotstokkròte (Phytophthora cactorum) i jordbær : genetisk variasjon mellom isolat, metodar for resistenstesting, indusert resistens og sortsresistens
Plant stress-insect interactions
Disease resistance in plants
Cassava : some considerations on its ecology and improvement
Novel molecular mechanisms of Arabidopsis disease resistance
Barley : genetics, biochemistry, molecular biology and biotechnology
Advances in plant pathology. Vol. 10
Characterization of systemic acquired resistance in tobacco (Nicotiana tabacum L.) induced by Clavibacter michiganensis subsp. sepedonicus
Innate immunity of rainbow trout : effects of opsonins, temperature and probiotics on phagocytic and complement activity as well as on disease resistance
Effects of foliar nitrogen, potassium and magnesium concentrations and irradiance on the resistance of Scots pine seedlings to scleroderris canker infection
Impact damage, gangrene and dry rot in potato : important biochemical factors in screening for resistance and quality in breeding material
Consumer evaluation of scrab-resistant apple cultivars in Sweden
Mechanisms of plant defense responses
The virulence of Finnish Pyrenophora teres f. teres isolates and its implications for resistance breeding
Field assessment of resistance in potato to Phytophthora infestans : international cooperators guide
Fungal-plant interactions
Endophytes of forest trees : biology and applications
Organization of genes controlling disease resistance in the potato genome
Summary.
Plant disease control : towards environmentally acceptable methods
7th International Oat Conference : proceedings
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Apple Breeding for Scab Resistance : 14-16 September, 2000, Trento, Italy
Genetics and plant pathogenesis
The crayfish plague pathogen Aphanomyces astaci : genetic diversity and adaptation to the host species
Screening of birch for rust resistance
Delivery and perception of pathogen signals in plants
Mechanisms of resistance to plant diseases
Molecular biology in plant pathogenesis and disease management. Volume 3, Disease management
Ultraviolet B radiation induced alterations in immune function of fish : in relation to habitat preference and disease resistance
Interactions between transgenic trees and mycorrhizal and pathogenic fungi
Characterization of the P1 gene expression of potato virus Y
Genomic and genetic analysis of plant parasitism and defense
Expression of sugar beet chitinase IV in silver birch (Betula pendula Roth) and the fungal disease resistance of transgenic birch lines in a field trial
Defense mechanisms of woody plants against fungi
Impact of forest fertilization on the vitality and pest resistance of conifers
Temperate fruit crop breeding : germsplasm to genomics
Molecular biology in plant pathogenesis and disease management. Volume 2, Disease development
Priming capacities of endophytic Methylobacterium sp. on potato (Solanum tuberosum L.)
Invasive forest insects, introduced forest trees, and altered ecosystems : ecological pest management in global forests of a changing world
Exploitation of cultivar resistance in potato late blight disease management and some aspects of variation in Phytophthora infestans = Utnyttelse av potetsortenes resistens i tørråtebekjempelsen og noen aspekter ved variasjon i Phytophthora infestans
Plant resistance to viruses
The occurrence of an underscribed species of Venturia in blighted shoots of Populus tremula
Genetic resistance to disease in domestic animals
Proceedings of the IInd Genetically Modified Organisms in Horticulture Symposium : White River, South Africa, September 11-15, 2012
Quantitative genetics of traits related to disease resistance and effects of vaccination in Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar)
Vegetable production using plasticulture : proceedings of an American Society for Horticultural Science and American Society for Plasticulture seminar series
Phytochemical signals and plant-microbe interactions
Breeding crops with resistance to diseases and pests
Ecological methods in forest pest management
Scots pine diseases : proceedings of an international symposium Kòrnik, Poland, 16-20, May 1989 : joint meeting: 7th European Colloquium of Forest Pathologists and the members of two IUFRO Working Parties S2.05.04 Resistance of pines to Melampsora pinitorqua, S2.06.02 Canker and shoot blight of conifers
A transgenic approach for studying defense-related genes from Norway spruce
Interspecific hybrids of potato : determination of glycoalkaloid aglycones and influence of bacterial infection
Multigenic and induced systemic resistance in plants
Molecular study of chitinolytic enzyme encoding genes in Trichoderma atroviride strain P1 using real-time RT-PCR and the utilization of the genes in transgenic barley
Host-pathogen interaction between spring wheat and Septoria nodorum with reference to resistance breeding
Fifty wheat samples collected from 11 different durum wheat landraces produced in the central district and villages of Diyarbakr province were used as study materials. Suspension, prepared as 352,000 spores per ml by using the spores composed of a mixture of yellow rust (Puccinia striiformis f. sp. tritici) species provided by the Field Crops Central Research Institute, was injected into plant tissue in the pre-earing stage during the 2004-2005 and 2005-2006 growing seasons. Of the 50 durum wheat landrace samples 15 used in the study were classified as resistant to yellow rust, 19 as semi-resistant and 14 as semi-susceptible. Moreover, it was also found that one sample from the Asure landrace was in the susceptible group with the highest rust intensity of 61.68% while one sample from the Ruto landrace was found to be in the immune group with an intensity of 0%.
Disease susceptibility of cereal varieties in Finnish official variety trials in 2006-2013.
