http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11843 expression (communication)
expression (communication)
Human responses to machine-generated speech with emotional content
Ecological perception research, visual communication and aesthetics
On the use of tactile devices for communication
Movement : onstage and off
Writing skills for public relations : style and technique for mainstream and social media
Drawing and looking : theoretical approaches to pictorial rresentation in children
Helping children deal with anger
Mood state and health
Catching up : English for conversation classes
Image and video analysis by local descriptors and deformable image registration
Reflections on stage : an investigation of projection as character
The storyteller's secret : how TED speakers and inspirational leaders turn their passion into performance
Learning through emotions in robotics
Reading drawings : an introduction to looking at drawings
How to learn to write?
"At your convenience" : politeness strategies in quotation letters written by non-native and native speakers of English
Stage performance
The imaginary : word and image = L'Imaginaire : texte et image
Speculative everything : design, fiction, and social dreaming
The physical actor : exercises for action and awareness
Writing as movement
Body language at work
Writing down the bones : freeing the writer within
Writing with photographs
Smashing potatoes : challenging student agency as utterances
Dissension and face-work strategies in German dialogues
Communication and aging
The anatomy and philosophy of expression as connected with the fine arts
The elements of style
COGNITION & COGNITIVE PSYCHOLOGY. Human faces are unique biological structures which convey a complex variety of important social messages. Even strangers can tell things from our faces - our feelings, our locus of attention, something of what we are saying, our age, sex and ethnic group, whether they find us attractive. In recent years there has been genuine progress in understanding how our brains derive all these different messages from faces and what can happen when one or other of the structures involved is damaged. Face Perception provides an up-to-date, integrative summary by two authors who have helped develop and shape the field over the past 30 years. It encompasses topics as diverse as the visual information our brains can exploit when we look at faces, whether prejudicial attitudes can affect how we see faces, and how people with neurodevelopmental disorders see faces.
The SCERTS model : a comprehensive educational approach for children with autism spectrum disorders. Volume 2, Program planning and intervention
Emotions in voice : acoustic and perceptual analysis of voice quality in the vocal expression of emotions
Multicultural Education through Expressive Methods in Early Childhood Education
Evidentiality in interaction
Rough edits : popular image video : works 1977-1980
Rewriting loss : melancholia, ethics, and aesthetics in selected works by Chuang Hua, Maxine Hong Kingston, and Fae Myenne Ng
Why humans like to cry : tragedy, evolution, and the brain
Beyond words : sobs, hums, stutters and other vocalizations
How to become a conscious singer
The persistence of sentiment : display and feeling in popular music of the 1970s
The oral interpretation of literature
Psychiatric visual expression interview in dissociative disorders
Speaking the unspeakable
On a searcher's path
Integrated receiver channel and timing discrimination circuits for a pulsed time-of-flight laser rangefinder
Expressing politics through visual theatre : analysis of contemporary visual theatre artists from Post-Soviet countries
Writing is one of the central pillars of language learning and of major interest and concern to teachers, students and researchers. This book covers the historical and conceptual background to the field of writing, dealing with current questions relating to both practice and research, and outlines the direction in which the field is moving. In addition to a full discussion of the current applications of research in terms of courses, materials, teaching practices and software, Teaching and Researching: Writing offers practical suggestions for teaching approaches. The practical nature of the volume also extends to research projects with a dedicated chapter setting out a number of do-able, small scale research topics. A number of resources, and learning aids are included: - chapter reviews and overviews - key texts listings after each section - discussions of case studies - compendium of paper and online resources - list of major associations and conferences - glossary of key terms - list of references. The combination of teaching and research analysis and practical information makes this an invaluable resource for practitioners, researchers, students and professionals engaged in language study and teaching.
Negotiate this! : by caring, but not T-H-A-T much
Emotional display in argument, storytelling and teasing : a multimodal analysis
Modern and traditional speaking : cultural speech codes in and about The Queen
Structural factors in preschool children's emotional expression in music
Integrated CMOS circuits for laser radar transceivers
Anger, aggression and interventions for interpersonal violence
Deleuze and the cinemas of performance : powers of affection
The interpersonal communication book
Digital storytelling: a tool for expressing emotions - with instituionalised adolescents of paimio, Finland
The essential elements of public speaking
Wannabe a writer
The communication of emotional meaning
Accents in film : text-internal characterization and narrative function linked to text-external language ideologies and attitudes
AMA manual of style : a guide for authors and editors
Interpretation of communicative intents of an infant
Social networking and impression management : self-presentation in the digital age
Teaching and researching writing
When I'm surprised
Blues & The poetic spirit
The social inheritance of the Holocaust : gender, culture and memory
Software-based countermeasures to 2D facial spoofing attacks
Bip in a book
Angels can fly : a modern clown user guide
The elements of photography : understanding and creating sophisticated images
Stein on writing : a master editor of some of the most successful writers of our century shares his craft techniques and strategies
How to write your best story ever!
Expressive gestures in piano performance
Language Transfer in the Written English of Finnish Students
Utilizing online technologies in connected marketing
Barns bildspråk = Children's pictorial language
Written language : papers from the Annual meeting of the British association for applied linguistics, held at the University of Reading, Sept. 1986
Aspects of functional sentence perspective in contemporary English news and academic prose
Draw! : a visual approach to thinking, learning and communicating
Paper machine
Drama games : for young children
Imagery in the 21st century
Learning and teaching English speaking skills at upper secondary school : the students' and the teachers' views
Carrots, sticks and black box : a guide for the practice of contemporary puppet theatre
Passport to academic presentations
TOPmodels and top designers : forms of social interaction and creativity in the TOPmodel online forums
Personal Effectiveness
Observation drawing with children : a framework for teachers
Analyzing multimodal interaction : a methodological framework
Joy : expanding human awareness
"If you turned into a monster" : transformation through play : a body-centered approach to play therapy
Writing as bodily experience
Human communication and its disorders : a review 1988. Vol. 2
Discoursing Finnish rock : articulations of identities in the Saimaa-ilmiö rock documentary
$30 writing school
Raising our children, raising ourselves
Spirit of drawing : a sensory meditation guide to creative expression
Text & image : art and the performance of memory
Respect for acting
Voice, genre, and intentionality : an integrated methods study of voice criteria in the evaluation of secondary students̕ writing
Andrea de Jorio's La mimica degli antichi investigata nel gestire napoletano ('Gestural Expression of the Ancients in the light of Neapolitan gesturing'), was first published in Naples in 1832. It soon became famous for its descriptions and depictions of Neapolitan gestures, but it is only with the recent expansion of scholarly interest in gesture that its true importance has come to be recognized. It is the first book ever written which presents what is, in effect, an ethnographic study of gesture. Treating gesture as a culturally established communicative code, analogous to language, the book sets out to describe, with reference to an explicitly defined cultural group, the gestural expressions of ordinary people as these are used in everyday life. It also deals with numerous issues important for any semiotics of gesture, such as the question of the relationship between physical form and meaning, the problem of how to present a description of the gestural repertoire of a community in a consistent manner, the importance of context for the interpretation of gesture, how gestures may be combined, how they develop as metaphorical expressions, among many others.
The minor gesture
Expression in movement and the arts : a philosophical enquiry
Sterne's whimsical theatres of language : orality, gesture, literacy
Linguistic meaning. Vol. 2
Methods for facial expression recognition with applications in challenging situations
Against affective formalism : Matisse, Bergson, modernism
Thesis and dissertation writing in a second language : a handbook for supervisors
Communication
Strategic storytelling : how to create persuasive business presentations
Cinema 1 : the mouvement-image
The ceramic narrative : with an essay by David Whiting
Gertrud Bodenwieser and Vienna's contribution to ausdruckstanz
Passport to academic presentations : student's book
Analyzing children's art
Love virtually
Writing refound
Theory and methods on text summarization
Silence of the forest : essays on creativity and art
Professional speed date: a new method for efficient oral examination
Experimenting with visual narratives
Does it make sense? : a semiotic approach to the analysis of the signs and their signification in puppetry and visual theatre
The logic of expression : quality, quantity and intensity in Spinoza, Hegel and Deleuze
365 ways to get you writing : daily inspiration and advice for creative writers
Developing life skills : a learning resource manual for trainers and educators working in non-traditional learning
How to be a writer : the definitive guide to getting published and making a living from writing
A longitudinal study on the lexical sophistication and sentence length in Finnish upper secondary school student's English compositions
The application of motion capture to embodied music cognition research
Clever dog : the secrets your dog wants to know
Emotions : a very short introduction
Programmable MIMO detectors
Today designers often focus on making technology easy to use, sexy, and consumable. In Speculative Everything, Anthony Dunne and Fiona Raby propose a kind of design that is used as a tool to create not only things but ideas. For them, design is a means of speculating about how things could be -- to imagine possible futures. This is not the usual sort of predicting or forecasting, spotting trends and extrapolating; these kinds of predictions have been proven wrong, again and again. Instead, Dunne and Raby pose "what if" questions that are intended to open debate and discussion about the kind of future people want (and do not want). Speculative Everything offers a tour through an emerging cultural landscape of design ideas, ideals, and approaches. Dunne and Raby cite examples from their own design and teaching and from other projects from fine art, design, architecture, cinema, and photography. They also draw on futurology, political theory, the philosophy of technology, and literary fiction. They show us, for example, ideas for a solar kitchen restaurant; a flypaper robotic clock; a menstruation machine; a cloud-seeding truck; a phantom-limb sensation recorder; and devices for food foraging that use the tools of synthetic biology. Dunne and Raby contend that if we speculate more -- about everything -- reality will become more malleable. The ideas freed by speculative design increase the odds of achieving desirable futures.
Exploring the perception of expressivity and interaction within musical dyads
The secret language of dogs : how to communicate with your dog
Toasts and short speeches : the things that really matter about
Creating a musically expressive performance : a study of vocalists' use of emotions in performance preparation
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Real-time hermeneutics : meaning-making in ludonarrative digital games
Art and illusion : a study in the psychology of pictorial representation
Sketch monsters : escape of the scribbles
Expression in music and dance education : International Orff-Schulwerk Symposium, Orivesi Finland March 24-26, 2000
Accuracy and syntactic complexity in L2 writing of Finnish university students of English
Feeling as a foreign language : the good strangeness of poetry
Visual politics of psychoanalysis : art and the image in post-traumatic cultures
A rhetoric of style
The book offers material that will engage any child, from the most reticent to the supremely confident. It is an ideal way to explore and encourage skills of creativity, self-expression, tolerance, mutual respect, problem-solving and communication, in a safe, non-threatening environment
Analogical models in student writing : problems of mismatch in the acquisition of writing skills
Portfolio projects for soft skills
Say : a case of pespectivization on the scene of linguistic action
Advances in visual methodology
The concept of expression : a study in philosophical psychology and aesthetics
Gesture in Naples and gesture in classical antiquity : a translation of La mimica degli antichi investigata nel gestire napoletano, Gestural expression of the ancients in the light of Neapolitan gesturing
Cultural rhythms in emotions, narratives and dance
Laban for actors : the eight effort actions
Preaching : communicating faith in an age of skepticism
Picturing Future Events : Building a Visual Identity for a New Music Festival
100 ideas : for teaching literacy
Speaking on special occasions
Provocative shots
From mime to sign
How to become conscious singer
The drum master key : a compact guide to musical expression
English for you, too! : opiskelijan äänite. Book 2
Theatre/ecology/cognition : theorizing performer-object interaction in Grotowski, Kantor, and Meyerhold
Picturebooks : representation and narration
Emotional transfer protocol : experiments in emotion transmission
Fearless facilitation : the ultimate field guide to engaging (and involving!) your audience
Improvising Real Life : Personal Story im Playback Theatre
Movement: Onstage and Off is the complete guide for actors to the most effective techniques for developing a fully expressive body. It is a comprehensive compilation of established fundamentals, a handbook for movement centered personal growth and a guide to helping actors and teachers make informed decisions for advanced study. This book includes: fundamental healing/conditioning processes, essential techniques required for versatile performance, specialized skills, various training approaches and ways to frame the actor's movement training. Using imitation exercises to sharpen awareness, accessible language and adaptable material for solo and group work, the authors aim to empower you the reader to unleash your extraordinary potential.
The SCERTS model : a comprehensive educational approach for children with autism spectrum disorders. Volume 1, Assessment
The expression of the emotions in man and animals
Musical development : or, remarks on the spirit of the principal music forms
A study on involvement in Joy Dawson's Intimate friendship with God and in R. C. Sproul's The Holiness of God
Abstract: The main motivating reason behind the topic area of this thesis is the growing number of immigrants and immigrant children in Finland. Multiculturalism is a current phenomenon in todayʼs society and it brings new challenges to early childhood education and care (ECEC). The objective of this thesis was to develop a practical implementation to the worklife partner, aiming at bringing multicultural education as a theme closer to the everyday reality by using expressive methods. The project was conducted in close co-operation with the Helsinki English Language Montessori Preschool. In this report we defined theories considering early childhood education and multicultural education as concepts. Expressive methods being the main methods applied, we introduced some relevant theories in support as part of the theoretical framework. When working with children expressive methods are a low threshold way of bringing the above mentioned themes closer to childrenʼs experience of the world.  The functional part of the implementation was a weeklong project for five-year-old children. Our goal was to raise the childrenʼs world awareness through expressive methods. We were hoping for active participation that would lead to increased self-understanding. Our work-life partner introduced the need for grouping, which then became one of the objectives.  Multicultural education is a current topic, in particular in the field of ECEC and increasing knowledge and skills about multiculturalism among the educators is extremely vital. Our aim was to bring forward the theme of multiculturalism both with the children and with the professionals working with them. During each session of the project multiculturalism was presented to the children in different ways. We hope that our work life partner will be able to use the report as an inspirational tool in the future.  The well planned sessions turned out to be successful, although raising childrenʼs world awareness, self-understanding and grouping are especially large concepts and quite difficult to measure. We were able to create a positive and an inspiring environment for the children that can enhance learning. Some concerns that emerged during the process were the lack of literature on multicultural education and instructions regarding preschoolʼs everyday challenges. We hope that in the future our project will awaken interest, foster further discussion and research about this current fascinating topic.
Is there a book in you?
When I'm happy
How to get your message across : a practical guide to power communication
Schemes for classroom drama
Epilogue : interfaces in scholarly writing
Maximizing the moment - theories for the practice of editing
Cat speak : recognising and understanding behaviour
International handbook of research in arts education
Branding and Visual Identity for a Music-Themed Cafe
The complete handbook of novel writing : everything you need to know about creating & selling your work
Picture theory : essays on verbal and visual representation / W. J. T. Mitchell
An experiment in education
" For nearly fifty years the humanities have been confined by a series of critiques: of the subject, of representation, of the visual, of modernism, of autonomy, of intention, of art itself. In their place various "materialities" have appeared: signs, identities, bodies, history, and works. Against Affective Formalism challenges these orthodoxies. "What I am after, above all, is expression," Henri Matisse declared. Matisse believed that through the careful arrangement of line and color he could transmit his feelings directly to the minds and bodies of his viewers. Yet Matisse continually struggled with the reality that his feelings were misunderstood--or simply ignored--by viewers of his art. Matisse oscillates between a desire for expressive command over the viewer and a sense of the impossibility of making himself known. Against Affective Formalism confronts modernism's dissatisfactions with representation. As Todd Cronan explains, a central tenet of modernist thought turns on the effort to overcome representation in the name of something more explicit in its capacity to generate bodily or affective experience. Henri Bergson was one of the most influential advocates of the antirepresentational impulse; his novel theories of memory and freedom gripped a generation of writers, philosophers, psychologists, and artists. Matisse and Bergson worked within and against the context of form and expression that remains in force today. Writing in opposition to prevailing theories and assumptions about the relation of intention and form--most of which accept the "death of the author" as a basic fact of interpretation--Cronan argues that the beholder's response to art, outside a framework of intentionality, is irrelevant to a work's meaning. Intentions are not a matter of method at all: no letter, biography, document, archive, or key will recover an intention. What matters is that intentions make works of art different from objects in the world. "
In this wide-ranging and probing book Erin Manning extends her previous inquiries into the politics of movement to the concept of the minor gesture. The minor gesture, although it may pass almost unperceived, transforms the field of relations. More than a chance variation, less than a volition, it requires rethinking common assumptions about human agency and political action. To embrace the minor gesture's power to fashion relations, its capacity to open new modes of experience and manners of expression, is to challenge the ways in which the neurotypical image of the human devalues alternative ways of being moved by and moving through the world - in particular what Manning terms "autistic perception." Drawing on Deleuze and Guattari's schizoanalysis and Whitehead's speculative pragmatism, Manning's far-reaching analyses range from fashion to depression to the writings of autistics, in each case affirming the neurodiversity of the minor and the alternative politics it gestures toward.
The reach of poetry
Art as experience
Articulate while black : Barack Obama, language, and race in the U.S
Piano interpretation of the seventeenth, eighteenth and nineteenth centuries : a study of theory and practice using original documents
Problems, solutions : visual thinking for graphic communicators
Colour grading video files in Adobe Lightroom
Psychology of anger
Joint multiuser power allocation and iterative multi-antenna receiver design
The visual effects arsenal : VFX solutions for the independent filmmaker
Dog speak : recognising and understanding behaviour
Mind & art : an essay on the varieties of expression
The imaginary as a critical concept originated in the twentieth century and has been theorized in diverse ways. It can be understood as a register of thought; the way we interpret the world; the universe of images, signs, texts, and objects of thought. In this volume, it is explored as it manifests itself in encounters between the verbal and the visual. A number of the essays brought together here explore the transposition of the imaginary in illustrations of texts and verbal renditions of images, as well as in comic books based on paintings or on verbal narratives. Others analyze ways in which books deal with film or television and investigate the imaginary in digital media. Special attention is paid to the imaginary of places and the relationship of the imaginary with memory. Written in English and French, these contributions by European and American scholars demonstrate the various concerns and approaches characteristic of contemporary scholarship in word and image studies.
STAXI-2 : State-Trait Anger Expression Inventory-2 : professional manual
Visual Identity, Stylization and Game Design. Case: Harald Hirmuinen
The dummy
Your creative writing masterclass : advice from the best on writing successful novels, screenplays and short stories
Musical creativity : multidisciplinary research in theory and practice
"Who are the people most qualified to teach writing? Surely it is the authors whose work has endured for decades, or even a century or more? Full to the brim with tips, quotes and examples from today's most famous writers, Your Creative Writing Masterclass shows all aspiring writers how to overcome fear, get past excuses, and start writing. It offers practical advice from the likes of Graham Greene, Murakami, Raymond Chandler, Dickens and Shakespeare on developing your niche, your writing style and your creativity. More than just a 'how-to' book, Your Creative Writing Masterclass is a friendly companion and coach, providing all the strategies needed to become a full-time writer and build a successful writing career. Using exercises, quotes and encouragement, Jurgen Wolff - with a little help from his friends - shows you how to hook readers and keep them engaged and offers powerful tips on how to stay motivated and transform your inner critic into a constructive guide to get past the dreaded writer's block."--Publisher's description.
Mime : the theory and practice of expressive gesture with a description of its historical development
Musical gestures : sound, movement, and meaning
Hospital experiences of children aged 2-4 years and their hospital fears : literature review
