http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11840 security guards
security guards
Alice in the Country of Clover : Ace of Hearts
Someone is willing to kill a woman for helping couples have children - and Ellie must protect her. Perfect Child is a company specialised in medically assisted procreation - for extremely wealthy customers. An activity that isn't to everyone's taste, a fact that the CEO, Ava Troy, knows full well - she's received the treats to prove it. Enter Ellie Braxton, assigned as Ava's bodyguard. Unfortunately, Ellie isn't doing too well. Her teammate and mentor, Walt, is still in a coma, and she's having many doubts about her life choices. But can she really afford such a luxury?
The effective security officer's training manual
Kagetora. 7, [Three's a crowd]
Kagetora. 9, [Three's not the charm!]
This night's everything
Bodyguard. Hostage
The Numbers Station
Kagetora. 5, [Sacred duty]
The mammoth book of hard bastards
The devil's bounty
Killing for the company
Las Vegas. Season three : uncut & uncensored
From ancient Rome to rock 'n' roll : a review of the UK leisure security industry
Nightclub : bouncers, risk, and the spectacle of consumption
Introduction to executive protection
Kagetora. 4, [Family affairs]
This is a prequel and new entry point in the best-selling Bodyguard series. Fame makes for an easy Target. Ash Wild is the most successful teen rock star in history. Millions of fans adore him. But one fanatic wants him dead. Surf champion and top bodyguard recruit Charley Hunter is assigned to protect the superstar on his sell-out US tour. But Ash isn't pleased to discover his new bodyguard is a girl. Faced with a growing number of death threats, several suspicious accidents and an unruly rock star, Charley has her work cut out keeping Ash alive on the tour. How will she spot a killer in a crowd of 50,000 screaming fans?
Double play
Archangel : a novel
Las Vegas : uncut & uncensored. Season three
Kagetora. 8, [Brotherly love?]
Big boy rules : America's mercenaries fighting in Iraq
Las Vegas. Season two : uncut & uncensored
Controlling the Swedish state : studies on formal and informal bodies of control
The complete geisha
Torn
Seeking her : a Finding it novella
The beast in him
Las Vegas. Season five
The modern bodyguard
Las Vegas. Season one
Just2seconds : using time and space to defeat assassins : with a compendium of attacks against at-risk persons
Diana : closely guarded secret
Babylon nights
Protection, security, and safeguards : practical approaches and perspectives
The role of the security officer : a comprehensive instruction manual of safety and security for the security profession in America
The last cowboy in Texas
Dark and bright sides of human rights : towards pragmatic evaluation
The iron wyrm affair : Bannon & Claire: book one
Killig for the company
13 hours : Benghazi, Libya. 11 September 2012 : the explosive true story of how six men fought a terror attack and repelled enemy forces
Aivan liian hotti : She's out of my league
Hatter M.. Volume 4, Zen of wonder
Las Vegas. Season four
White House down
Dominic Fortune. It can happen here and now
The royal mess
Human target : chance meetings
Insiders. Volume 2 : Missiles for Islamabad
Human target : Second chances
Eros and Thanatos
The bodyguard
Fifth Victim
Perfect child
13 hours : Benghazi, Libya, 11. September 2012 : the explosive inside story of how six men fought a terror attack and repelled enemy forces
Without fail
The hostage
Las Vegas. uncut & uncensored. Season two
Kagetora. 6, [A love that cannot be]
The house of special purpose
Deadlock : a Ryan Lock thriller
Cold burn of magic : a Black Blade novel
Defensive tactics for the security professional
