http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11816 armed forces
armed forces
Women in the line of fire : what you should know about women in the military
To arm the revolutionary masses to build the people's army
Norwegian and Danish defence policy : a comparative study of the post-Cold War era
The concise untold history of the United States
Collective security law
The Roman army in the East
The Wehrmacht and German rearmament
Frontier and society in Roman North Africa
Forecasting in military affairs : a Soviet view
The Soviet nomenklatura : a comprehensive roster of Soviet civilian and military officials
China's military modernization : building for regional and global reach
The Wehrmacht 1935-1945 : the essential facts and figures for Hitler's German
US Army airborne 1940-90 : the first fifty years
Killing hope : U.S. military and CIA interventions since World War II
The quest for a European strategic culture : changing norms on security and defence in the European Union
Rough waters : American involvement with the Mediterranean in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries
Brothers armed : military aspects of the crisis in Ukraine
The guns at last light : the war in Western Europe, 1944-1945
Weapons of the modern marines
The ineffective soldier : lessons for management and the nation. [1], The lost divisions
Human security and the military in the 21st century
Pakistan's arms procurement and military build-up, 1979-99 : in search of a policy
Superpowers in economic decline : U.S. strategy for the transcentury era
The culture of military innovation : the impact of cultural factors on the revolution in military affairs in Russia, the US, and Israel
The military and politics in Africa : from engagement to democratic and constitutional control
Strategic management of military capabilities : seeking ways to foster military innovation
The American military
Naval Weapons
Roman army
Developing battlefield technologies in the 1990s
The American culture of war : the history of U.S. military force from World War II to Operation Iraqi Freedom
Inside the Soviet Army today
The Reichswehr and politics : 1918 to 1933
The collapse of the Soviet military
Cracking Hitler's Atlantic Wall : the 1st Assault Brigade Royal Engineers on D-Day
Recognizing and understanding revolutionary change in warfare : the sovereignty of context
A military history of Africa
D-Day, the Battle of the Bulge, the liberation of Paris, the relentless drive through Germany toward Allied victory - Omar Bradley, the "GI General," was there for every major engagement in the European theater. A Soldier's Story is the behind-the-scenes eyewitness account of the war that shaped our century: the tremendous manpower at work, the unprecedented stakes, the snafus that almost led to defeat, the larger-than-life personalities and brilliant generals (Patton, Eisenhower, Montgomery) who masterminded it all. One of the two books on which the movie Patton was based, A Soldier's Story is a compelling and vivid memoir from the greatest military tactician of our time
Russia's war in Afghanistan
The Soviet military and the Communist party
Swear like a trooper : a dictionary of military terms and phrases
13 Hours : The secret soldiers of Benghazi
Scandinavian armies in the Napoleonic wars
The face of Hitlerʹs army
The long march to power : the new historic mission of the People's Liberation Army
Building a police force "for the good" in DR Congo : questions that still haunt reformers and reform beneficiaries
Armies in homeland security : American and European perspectives
Fundamentals of tactical command and control : a Soviet view
Italian manpower : 225 B.C. - A.D. 14
Weapons and tactics of the Soviet Army
The Bolsheviks in power : reminiscences of the year 1918
In pursuit of mobility : the birth and development of Israeli Operational Doctrine from the 1910 to the 1960s
The Chinese red army : campaigns and politics since 1949
The scope and pace of the rise of China
The foreign policy of the USSR : domestic factors
The rise of the Wehrmacht : the German armed forces and World War II
The military in Thai politics, 1981-86
The use of force : military power and international politics
Military ethics and professionalism : a collection of essays
Drones and unmanned aerial systems : legal and social implications for security and surveillance
Hitler's soldiers : the German army in the Third Reich
The international military collectors guide
From Fighting "Industrial Wars" To "Wars Amongst the Peoples" : The efforts of the United States Armed Forces to improve its Stability and Support Operations capabilities
The Red Army today
Cold War at 30,000 feet : the Anglo-American fight for aviation supremacy
China's National Defense in 2004.
Warriors and warfare in ancient and medieval times
Hitler's war machine
The Russian General Staff and Asia, 1800-1917
In harm's way : on the front lines of leadership: sub-unit command on operations
Impact of the Roman army (200 BC-AD 476) : economic, social, political, religious, and cultural aspects : proceedings of the Sixth Workshop of the International Network Impact of Empire (Roman Empire, 200 B.C.-A.D. 476), Capri, March 29-April 2, 2005
Historical experience - burden or bonus in today's wars? : the British Army and the Bundeswehr in Afghanistan
In harm's way : serving the greater good: perspectives of operational duty
Changing patterns of military politics
"This collection of essays, inspired by the author's experience teaching ethics to Marine and Navy chaplains during the Iraq War, examines the moral and psychological dilemmas posed by war. The first section deals directly with Dr. Peter A. French's teaching experience and the specific challenges posed by teaching applied and theoretical ethics to men and women wrestling with the immediate and personal moral conflicts occasioned by the dissonance of their duties as military officers with their religious convictions. The following chapters grew out of philosophical discussions with these chaplains regarding specific ethical issues surrounding the Iraq War, including the nature of moral evil, forgiveness, mercy, retributive punishment, honor, torture, responsibility, and just war theory. This book represents a unique viewpoint on the philosophical problems of war, illuminating the devastating toll combat experiences take on both an individual's sense of identity and a society's professed moral code"--Provided by publisher.
This book tackles the regulatory issues of Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) or Remotely-Piloted Aerial Systems (RPAS), which have profound consequences for privacy, security and other fundamental liberties. Collectively known as "drones," they were initially deployed for military purposes: reconnaissance, surveillance and extrajudicial executions. Today, we are witnessing a growth of their use into the civilian and humanitarian domain. They are increasingly used for goals as diverse as news gathering, aerial inspection of oil refinery flare stacks, mapping of the Amazonian rain-forest, crop spraying and search and rescue operations. The civil use of drones is becoming a reality in the European Union and in the US.The drone revolution may be a new technological revolution. Proliferation of the next generation of "recreational" drones show how drones will be sold as any other consumer item. The cultural perception of the technology is shifting, as drones are increasingly being used for humanitarian activities, on one hand, but they can also firmly be situated in the prevailing modes of postmodern governance on the other hand. This work will be of interest to researchers in Criminology and Criminal Justice interested in issues related to surveillance, security, privacy, and technology. It will also provide a criminological background for related legal issues, such as privacy law, aviation law, international criminal law, and comparative law.
Interagency cooperation : a regional model for overseas operations
Uneasy warriors : gender, memory, and popular culture in the Japanese Army
"This book offers a radical reinterpretation of postwar Japan's policies towards immigrants and foreign residents. Drawing on a wealth of historical material, Tessa Morris-Suzuki shows how the Cold War played a decisive role in shaping Japan's migration controls. She explores the little-known world of the thousands of Korean 'boat people' who entered Japan in the immediate postwar period, focuses attention on the US military service people and their families and employees, and also takes readers behind the walls of Japan's notorious Ōmura migrant detention centre, and into the lives of Koreans who opted to leave Japan in search of a better future in communist North Korea. This book offers a fascinating contrast to traditional images of postwar Japan and sheds new light on the origins and the dilemmas of migration policy in twenty-first century Japan"--Provided by publisher.
Soviet military power : the Pentagon's propaganda document, annotated and corrected
The development of Russian military policy and Finland
The illustrated encyclopedia of military insignia of the 20th century : a comprehensive A-Z guide to the badges, batches and embellishments of the world's armed forces
Chinese military modernization : force development and strategic capabilities
The Russian Imperial Army : a bibliography of regimental histories and related works
An army at dawn : the war in North Africa, 1942-1943
Full spectrum disorder : the military in the new American century
Mussolini and his generals : the armed forces and fascist foreign policy, 1922-1940
Nigeria, the state of the nation and the way forward : proceedings of the national workshop organised by Arewa House, Kaduna, Centre for Historical Documentation and Research of the Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria, 2-3 February, 1994
Our Armed Forces are firmly linked to the people, to the revolutionary state, and to their vanguard party
Inside the U.S. Army today
How to draw manga : Guns & military. Volume 1
An All-Professional Military for the Soviet Union? The Debate Continues
Russia's wars of emergence : 1460-1730
The limits of Sino-Russian strategic partnership
American sniper : the autobiography of the most lethal sniper in U.S. military history
Weapons and uniforms of the U.S.S.R
Daughter of the regiment : memoirs of a childhood in the Frontier Army, 1878-1898
Marxism-Leninism on war and army
THE ILLUSTRATED DIRECTORY OF MODERN AMER. WEAP
Uniformen in den NATO-Staaten 1900 bis heute = Uniforms in the NATO-nations 1900 to date = Uniformes dans les pays membres de l'OTAN de 1900 à ce jour
War and moral dissonance
Armed services and society
The sword of the lord : military chaplains from the first to the twenty-first century
Zhongguo fazhi fazhan baogao. 9 (2011) = Annual report on China's rule of law. 9 (2011)
The military challenges of transatlantic coalitions
For the common defense : a military history of the United States of America
To many inhabitants of the Roman Empire the army was the most visible representation of imperial power. Roman troops were the embodiment of imperial control. Military installations and buildings, the imperial guard, other troops, fleets, and militarily tinged works of art brought home the majesty of Rome to anybody who saw them, in Rome and in other parts of the Empire. With Roman armies came administrators, taxes and requisitions in cash and kind, traders, permanently residing veterans and military personnel, useful relations between local notables and Roman military cadre, and chances of upward social mobility. This sixth volume in the series Impact of Empire focuses on these topics.
Dictionary of military terms
The high command in the Roman Republic : the principle of the summum imperium auspiciumque from 509 to 19 BCE
Rapid reaction forces : fast, hard-hitting and élite
The military reforms of Nicholas I : the origins of the modern Russian army
Bayonets before bullets : the Imperial Russian Army, 1861-1914
Qualitative methods in military studies : research experiences and challenges
Arming East Asia
The defence forces of Austria
The Red Army : the Red Army - 1918 to 1945 : the Soviet Army - 1946 to the present
The military in the development process : a guide to issues
Yugoslavia ̕s total national defence : origin and development
The ineffective soldier : lessons for management and the nation. [3], Patterns of performance
Ballistic-missile defence and strategic stability
Military Economics : the interaction of power and money
Reorganisation of the Russian armed forces (2005-2015)
What roles and missions for Europe's military and security forces in the 21st century?
The defence forces of Sweden
For decades after 1945, it was generally believed that the German army, professional and morally decent, had largely stood apart from the SS, Gestapo, and other corps of the Nazi machine. Ben Shepherd draws on a wealth of primary sources and recent scholarship to convey a much darker, more complex picture. For the first time, the German army is examined throughout the Second World War, across all combat theaters and occupied regions, and from multiple perspectives: its battle performance, social composition, relationship with the Nazi state, and involvement in war crimes and military occupation. This was a true people's army, drawn from across German society and reflecting that society as it existed under the Nazis. Without the army and its conquests abroad, Shepherd explains, the Nazi regime could not have perpetrated its crimes against Jews, prisoners of war, and civilians in occupied countries. The author examines how the army was complicit in these crimes and why some soldiers, units, and higher commands were more complicit than others. Shepherd also reveals the reasons for the army's early battlefield successes and its mounting defeats up to 1945, the latter due not only to Allied superiority and Hitler's mismanagement as commander-in-chief, but also to the failings--moral, political, economic, strategic, and operational--of the army's own leadership.
Imagined enemies : China prepares for uncertain war
The police in DRC are indeed a permanent domestic risk. The lack of policy, service or management regime for the acquisition of equipment explains the deficient, dilapidated, obsolete and very often inappropriate equipment. Moreover, police units have very weak operational capacity and police officers lack self-confidence and pride in their profession. These shabbily dressed men and women in faded uniforms daily develop an indifferent attitude towards their profession and work in general. Inefficient and ineffective, the Congolese policeforce is wholly demoralised and unprofessional. This has negatively affected the relationship between police and population. It has led to the withdrawal of people's cooperation, a must for successful police work and for meeting people's expectations.
The untold history of the United States
The Russian Imperial Army, 1796-1917
Shadow of the wolf : a novel
Borderline Japan : frontier controls, foreigners and the nation in the postwar era
Strands in Nigerian military history
The army and the revolutionary transformation of society
The challenge of change : military institutions and new realities, 1918-1941
Terror in the balance : security, liberty, and the courts
Fusiliers : eight years with the Redcoats in America
Swedish weaponry since 1630 : army materiel during 350 years
Blue helmets in action : a decade of distinguished Chinese police service in UN peacekeeping missions
The evidence enigma : correctional boot camps and other failures in evidence-based policymaking
The economics of military expenditures : military expenditures, economic growth and fluctuations : proceedings of a conference held by the International Economic Association in Paris, France
British military spectacle : from the Napoleonic Wars through the Crimea
Twilight of empire : the Roman army from the reign of Diocletian until the Battle of Adrianople
Making new ambitions work : the transformation of Norwegian Special Operations Forces
Red banner : the Soviet military system in peace and war
Military insignia
The Norwegian armed forces and defense policy, 1905-1955
The political economy of conflict in South Asia
Public opinion and the military establishment
Securing Southeast Asia : the politics of security sector reform
The logistics of the Roman army at war (264 B.C. - A.D. 235)
Defence, security and development
The Roman war machine
The armies of East Asia : China, Taiwan, Japan, and the Koreas
The transformation of Russia's armed forces : twenty lost years
The armed forces of the USSR
Army, navy & air force unforms of the warsaw pact
Soviet military power in the Baltic area
The military balance 1991-1992
HIV/AIDS and the security sector in Africa
Disease, war, and the imperial state : the welfare of the British armed forces during the Seven Years' War
The author provides a critical audit of the great RMA debate and of some actual RMA behavior and warns against a transformation that is highly potent only in a narrow range of strategic cases. He warns that the military effectiveness of a process of revolutionary change in a "way of war" can only be judged by the test of battle, and possibly not even then, if the terms of combat are very heavily weighted in favor of the United States. On balance, the concept of revolutionary change is found to be quite useful, provided it is employed and applied with some reservations and in a manner that allows for flexibility and adaptability. The contexts of warfare, especially the political, determine how effective a transforming military establishment will be.
The defence forces of Switzerland
Soldiers on the steppe : army reform and social change in early modern Russia
Breakthrough on the color front
War of extermination : the German military in world war II, 1941-1944
History and statistics of the 358th infantry, ninetieth division, United States army
Russian armed forces in transition : economic, geopolitical and institutional uncertainties
A soldier's story
The Soviet army
LRRP's in action
Getting out : historical perspectives on leaving Iraq
Into the storm : a study in command
The Visual dictionary of special military forces
Napoleon's Polish troops
Soldiers of the Raj : the Indian army 1600-1947
The European armed forces in transition : a comparative analysis
Fidelity and honour : the Indian Army from the seventeenth to the twenty-first century
English longbowman 1330-1515
Armies of the Middle East
The commanders
Engineers of victory : the problem solvers who turned the tide in the Second World War
Statement of principles adopted at the international conference on cataloguing principles, Paris, October, 1961
Elite fighting forces : from the ancient world to the SAS
The atlas of war and peace
No sure victory  : measuring U.S. Army effectiveness and progress in the Vietnam War
My life and my country
Security and economy in the Third World
Military and politics in Israel : nation-building and role expansion
British battle insignia. 2, 1939-45
The Iranian military in revolution and war
World elite forces
Social pressures and attitudes in military training
Military badges and insignia
An illustrated guide to modern US army
Hungary and the fall of Eastern Europe 1000-1568
The nature and practice of flexible response : NATO strategy and theater nuclear forces since 1967
The ineffective soldier : lessons for management and the nation. [2], Breakdown and recovery
The Armed Forces of Latvia 1918-1940 : the units and commanders of the Latvian Army
Inside Hitler's high command
The impoverished superpower : perestroika and the Soviet military burden
The last year of the German army : May 1944 - May 1945
Challenge & response : military effectiveness 1914-1945
Peace support operations and the U.S. military
US Army Special Forces 1952-84
