http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1186 labour market policy
labour market policy
Women on strike - nonexistent or silenced?
Balancing between exit, voice, and loyalty : labor market policy choices in Estonia
Essays on voting behavior, labor market policy, and taxation
Labour market issues in the European community
Industrial relations in Britain
Global turbulence : social activists' and state responses to globalization
Towards social dialogue : tripartite cooperation in national economic and social policy-making
The future of employment relations
Welfare policy and labour markets : transformations of the Japanese and Swedish models for the 21st century
Industrial relations theory : its nature, scope, and pedagogy
Industrial relations and European integration : trans- and supranational developments and prospects
Makeshift work in a changing labour market. : the Swedish model in the post-financial crisis era
Boosting jobs and incomes
Employment stability in an age of flexibility : evidence from industrialized countries
Understanding unemployment : new perspectives on active labour market policies
Gösta Rehn, the Swedish model and labour market policies : international and national perspectives
Abstract.
Making solidarity work? : the Norwegian labour market [model] in transition
Labour market statistics
Industrial conflicts and their mediation in the Finnish labour market from the 1800's to the 1980's
Labour law and industrial relations in Finland
Strategic unionism and partnership : boxing or dancing?
Transformations of the welfare state : small countries, big lessons
Globalization and labour relations
Macroeconomic fluctuations and microeconomic adjustments : wages, capital, and labor market policy
Systems of financing labor market policy : an international comparison
International handbook of trade unions
Structural reforms will boost long-term economic prosperity in the euro area. In the short term, reforms could weaken economic performance. Nevertheless, on the whole, both an empirical and a theoretical examination of structural policy in the euro area strongly suggest there is an urgent need for structural reforms. These provide the only way to boost the potential output of the economy in a situation in which the long-term prospects for many euro area economies and the outlook for general government sustainability look bleak..
The impact of benefit and tax reforms on Estonian labor market in a general equilibrium framework
The political economy of monetary policy and wage barbaining : theory and econometric evidence
International conference on trends in industrial and labor relations, Israel, January 9-14, 1972.
Collective bargaining and wage formation : performance and challenges
Labour market policies and the public employment service : Praque Conference, July 2000.
Industrial relations and European integration
Globalization and labor conditions : working conditions and worker rights in a global economy
Globalisation and the social contract
Active labour market policies around the world : coping with the consequences of globalization
The challenge of industrial restructuring : conference proceedings, Brussels, February 9-10, 2004
Globalisation and its impact on the world of work
High level task force on skills and mobility : final report
Crime, unemployment and labor market programs in turbulent times
Well-functioning labour markets - a prosperous society : labour market policy Confederation of Finnish Industries EK 2006.
"Does inclusion pay?" : evaluating impacts and cost-effectiveness of active social policy and active labour market policy and inclucion
Gender and the European labour market
Flexibilisation of labour markets : does it resolve long-term unemployment? : Finland, Germany and the UK compared
Labour market relations in Sweden and Great Britain : a comparative study of local wage formation in the private sector during the 1980s
Institutional frameworks and labor market performance : comparative views on the U.S. and German economies
Labor market economics
The irony of state intervention : American industrial relations policy in comparative perspective, 1914-1939
To choose or not to choose : choice and choice set models
Measures for unemployed young people in the European Union : summary
The transformation of Finnish labour relations
Introduction and summary (s. 1-8).
Unemployment and employment policy at the local level : a comparative case study
Labour migration and wages
Essays on current account imbalances
Labour market policy in the '90s
The Halland model : a trading zone for building conservation in consert with labour market policy and the construction industry, aiming at regional sustainable development
"The Korean peninsula during the Cold War provided a cruel but historically unparalleled real-world "experiment" in the relationship between polity and material advance: an ethnically and culturally homogenous nation was, in 1945, suddenly divided by an arbitrary boundary line and then subjected to two radically different and adversarial political economies for successive decades on end. Assessing the competition between the North and South Korean economies from partition to the end of the Soviet era, Nicholas Eberstadt argues that the storyline is not quite as simple as the now-prevailing narrative suggests (that centrally-planned economies are doomed to fail against market-oriented alternatives). Rather, he suggests, the race for material progress was just that: a race, the results of which were far from preordained at the outset. In Policy and Economic Performance in Divided Korea during the Cold War Era: 1945-91, Eberstadt presents an impressive compilation of hard-to-find comparative data on economic performance for the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK, or North Korea) and the Republic of Korea (ROK, or South Korea) over two critical generations. By a number of indicators, Eberstadt argues, Kim Il Sung's North Korea actually outperformed South Korea for much of this period -- not only in the years immediately following partition, but perhaps also into the 1970s. To explain these surprising results, Eberstadt details the impact of government policies on the course of growth of both economies and offers some unorthodox observations about material performance under these two contending polities. He finds that prevailing economic development theory on such issues as planned-versus-market economies, military burden, and the relationship between material advance and poverty, may require reexamination in light of the experience of the two Koreas between partition and the end of the Cold War." --Back cover.
Women's career strategy choices and fertility in Finland
Employment policy beyond the crisis
Labour unions, public policy and economic growth
Can Nordic social corporatism survive? : challenges to the labour market
Modern Swedish labour market policy : government report, parliamentary resolution, labour market ordinance
Marginalisation processes in the Danish labour market
Strategic trade policy in a two-sector duopoly model with an endogenous union structure
Education, migration and active labor market policy
Labour market policies in Slovenia
Learning and training for work in the knowledge society : the constituents' views
Trade Union member's opinions from Finland
Routes to a more open labour market
Report of the high level group on industrial relations and change in the European Union
Bringing the jobless into work? : Experiences with activation schemes in Europe and the Us
Labour in China : Post-Socialist Transformation
Essays on the functioning of the Swedish labour market
Active labour-market policy and integration
Summary (s. 9-12).
Implementing the OECD jobs strategy : assessing performance and policy
Summary and main recommendations (s. 11-22).
Money, income and employment
Labour relations in a changing environment : a publication of the International Industrial Relations Association
Executive summary.
The labour market, 1850-2000
Europe's immigration challenge : reconciling work, welfare and mobility
Finland – Russia  Business cooperation 2014 - 2015
Towards a stronger social dimension of the European Union
How to cope with labour market policy tools in economic downturn : Finnish evidence
The public employment service in the United States
Finnish labour market policy in trial : evaluation on the 1980's
The economics of the labour market
Labor market distortions, rural-urban inequality, and the opening of People's Republic of China's economy
Unwanted workers : permanent layoffs and long-term unemployment
Natural and classical experiments in Swedish labour market policy
Journal of collective negotiations in the public sector
Employment outlook : July 1995.
A global union for global workers : collective bargaining and regulatory politics in maritime shipping
Negotiating the new Germany : can social partnership survive?
Summary (2 s.).
Farewell to the Nordic model?
Coping under recession : workers in a Nigerian factory
Working together for growth and jobs : a new start for the Lisbon strategy : communication to the spring European Council : communication from president Barroso in agreement with vice-president Verheugen
NGOs and the implementation of active labour market policies : the case of Finland and Sweden
European public contracts in a labour law perspective
Holding the shop together : German industrial relations in the postwar era
The Swedish bargaining system in the melting pot : institutions, norms and outcomes in the 1990s : by Nils Elvander and Bertil Holmlund
Industrial relations : origins and patterns of national diversity
Labour market and social policies in the Slovak Republic
International handbook of labour market policy and evaluation
Keeping America competitive : employment policy for the twenty-first century
The role of the trade union in a bilingual Tallinn factory
Flexibility in the labour market : the current debate : a technical report
Policy and economic performance in divided Korea during the Cold War era : 1945-91
Unemployment as a dimension of politics in Finland between the wars
Economic policies and unemployment dynamics in Europe
Towards a better functioning labour market : senior government advisors' report for the reform of the labour market policy system
Essays on the macroeconomics of Monetary Union
Strikes in a changing technological context : cooperation and conflict in high-tech flexible manufacture
Strategic negotiations : a theory of change in labor-management relations
Families of nations : patterns of public policy in Western democracies
The open method of co-ordination focussing on EU employment strategy
Smooth path or long and winding road? : how institutions shape the transition from higher education to work
Industrial actionism and industrial conflicts in Finland
Workfare in Britain? : some perspectives on UK labour market policy
In Finland, the number and the proportion of women receiving minimum maternity or parental allowance increased dramatically in the 1990s. Their share increased to a high point of 30 percent in 1996 and remained at over 25 percent to the end of the decade. The aim of this study was to describe some of the characteristics typical of these women, and to analyse how often and in what circumstances they had to rely on last-resort income support (social assistance and housing allowance). The material comprises data on the total working-aged population, retrieved from the income security registers maintained by the Social Insurance Institution and from the social assistance register maintained by Stakes (National Research and Development Centre for Welfare and Health). Both cross sectional and longitudinal data were analysed by means of cross tabulations and means as well as logistic regression. We could differentiate two groups of mothers receiving minimum bene? t: young mothers and middle-aged mothers with many children. Twenty percent of women on the minimum allowance also received social assistance and 38 percent received housing allowance. Reliance on social assistance was particularly common among mothers who had delivered their ? rst baby and among young mothers who had delivered more than one baby .
The institutional limitations on active labor market policies : why France can't imitate the German model
The European human rescource management guide
The regulation of labour conflicts : new challenges to the Nordic model
Local welfare policy making in European cities
Labor economics : modern views
This book focuses on how EU welfare policies are implemented at the local level in 11 European cities and how local policy making addresses womenś care responsibilities. The book studies the complex combination of and the relationships between local political processes, policies, institutions, structural conditions and outputs, as well as outcomes for the womenś labour market integration. It demonstrates how cultural settings and multi-level governance patterns form the "playground" for local policy makers to formulate their welfare policies concerning service provision. The book further demonstrates how local production systems and the situation of the local labour market influence the prospects that women have in working and caring. EU welfare policy promotes the labour market integration of women as well as gender equality. The provision of adequate care services is vital in supporting womenś employment. Within comparative welfare research, the focus has been on the national welfare systems and policies even if care services are overwhelmingly provided by local authorities that in many EU member states enjoy considerable autonomy. This book fills the gap in understanding local welfare policy making from a comparative perspective.
Historical review of strikes in Finland
The politics of gender pay equity : policy mechanisms, institutionalised undervaluation, and non-decision making
Estonian Labour Market and Labour Market Policy : Articles
Labour markets and unemployment in South-Eastern Europe
Worker well-being and public policy
The origins & evolution of the field of industrial relations in the United States
Nordic labour market policies and labour market research
Generation jobless? : turning the youth unemployment crisis into opportunity
Unemployment and labour market flexibility : Finland
A nordic approach to labour market policy : a policy document on Nordic labour market policy in a European perspective, based on the research project "1990-talets arbetsmarknad i Norden
Internal labor markets and manpower analysis
British journal of industrial relations
The local aspect : changes of Swedish labour market policy and industrial relations in the 1990s
Enhancing the effectiveness of active labour market policies
Public employment services and European law
The enterprises and organizations of the third system : a strategic challenge for employment : pilot action 'Third system and employment' of the European Commission
The purpose, state and prospect of adapt
Employment policy and the regulation of part-time work in the European union : a comparative analysis
The working poor in Europe : employment, poverty and globalisation
Partnership and modernisation in employment relations
Jobs for youth : United Kingdom = Des emplois pour les jeunes
Roads from unemployment : institutional complementarities in product and labor markets
The labour market in Finland : a report for the European Commission, Directorate-General for Employment, Industrial Relations and Social Affairs
Managing decentralisation : a new role for labour market policy
The European employment strategy : labour market regulation and new governance
The politics of labor in a global age : continuity and change in late-industrializing and post-socialist economies
Regional labour and capital subsidies
Abstract (1 s.).
Agency of labour in a flexible pan-European labour market : a qualitative study of migrant practices and trade union strategies in the Netherlands
Minimum Parental Allowance Payments Received by Finnish Mothers
Working life barometer in the Baltic countries 2002
The dynamics of full employment : social integration through transitional labour markets
The need for and impacts of structural policy in the euro area
Discrimination, sickness absence, and labor market policy
Seeking a premier economy : the economic effects of British economic reforms, 1980-2000
Essays on agricultural and environmental policy
European journal of industrial relations
Working through barriers : host country institutions and immigrant labour market performance in Europe
Industrial relations in Europe : traditions and transitions
