http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11898 Oriental studies
Oriental studies
Comparative studies in Biblical and ancient Oriental literatures
Japanology in foreign countries : history and trends
A volume of Oriental studies presented to Edward G. Browne on his 60th birthday (7 February 1922)
The Harvard outline and reading lists for Oriental art
Johann Heinrich Hottinger : Arabic and Islamic studies in the seventeenth century
For lust of knowing : the orientalists and their enemies
Memoirs of the Research department of the Toyo Bunko (The Oriental library)
Studia orientalia Tartuensia. Series nova / Centre for Oriental Studies, University of Tartu = Tartu Ülikooli orientalistikakeskus
G. A. Wallin's contributions to the study of Arabic dialects
Russia's unknown Orient : orientalist painting 1850-1920
Beyond orientalism : the work of Wilhelm Halbfass and its impact on Indian and cross-cultural studies
Concise biographical companion to Index Islamicus : an international who's who in Islamic studies from its beginnings down to the twentieth century : bio-bibliographical supplement to Index Islamicus, 1665-1980. Vol. 3, N-Z
Oriental diplomacy : being the transliterated of the cuneiform despatches between the kings of Egypt and Western Asia in the XVth century before Christ, discovered at Tell el-Amarna, and now preserved in the British Museum
America and the Orient
Fifty years of Soviet Oriental studies : brief reviews 1917-1967
Contending visions of the Middle East : the history and politics of Orientalism
For lust of knowing : the Orientalists and their enemies
New methods of analysis in Oriental and African studies
al-Tawhid : islamic comprehensive journal
British orientalists
Globalization : critical concepts in sociology. Vol. 5, Religion, nature and the built environment
East Asian review : an annual journal
Doctoral dissertations on Asia
Collected papers
Orientalism, Aramaic, and Kabbalah in the Catholic Reformation : the first printing of the Syriac New Testament
The diary of Karl Süssheim (1878-1947) : orientalist between Munich and Istanbul
The art of interpretation of classical Oriental texts : abstracts of papers
The Orient in Western art
Reflections on exile and other essays
The Macdonald presentation volume : a tribute to Duncan Black Macdonald, consisting of articles by former students, presented to him on his seventieth birthday, April 9, 1933.
A History of Oriental Studies in Poznań
No abstract
The transactions of the Asiatic Society of Japan. 4th ser
Guide to scholars of the history and culture of Central Asia
The museum of oriental art, Moscow
Power, politics, and culture : interviews with Edward W. Said
Genealogies of orientalism : history, theory, politics
Concise biographical companion to Index Islamicus : an international who's who in Islamic studies from its beginnings down to the twentieth century : bio-bibliographical supplement to Index Islamicus, 1665-1980. Vol. 2, H-M
Finnish students of Oriental philology in St Petersburg
Role of oriental studies in the humanities : a symposium
The Muslim east : studies in honour of Julius Germanus
From surrealism to orientalism : the influence of Arabia on the work of an artist
Orientalism and war
Notes on the Orientalism debate and Orientalism in Finland
A century of British orientalists 1902-2001
Oriental languages in translation. 3, Proceedings of the International Conference Cracow, 7th-8th April 2008 dedicated to the memory of Władysław Dulęba = Języki orientalne w przekładzie
Indiana University Conference on Oriental-Western Literary Relations
The Journal of Oriental studies
Summary.
History of linguistics. Volume 1, The eastern traditions of linguistics
Journal of Central Asia
Asian ethnicity
Orientalism : Delacroix to Klee
Oriental studies in the U.S.S.R. : annual 1989
Concise biographical companion to Index Islamicus : an international who's who in Islamic studies from its beginnings down to the twentieth century : bio-bibliographical supplement to Index Islamicus, 1665-1980. Vol. 1, A-G
Louis Massignon : the crucible of compassion
Uncertainity : ontological uncertainity within the realms of Arabic
Remota relata : essays on the history of oriental studies in honour of Harry Halén = Remota relata : sbornik naučnyh statej po istorii vostokovedeniâ k šestidesâtiletiû G.T. Galena
THE ORIENTALISTS : DELACROIX TO MATISSE : EUROPEAN PAINTERS IN NORTH AFRICA AND THE NEAR EAST
Indiana University conference on Oriental-Western literary relations
Trends in Indian studies : proceedings of the ESIS
Kalyānamitrārāganam : essays in honour of Nils Simonsson
Oriental manuscripts worldwide
Russia's own orient : the politics of identity and oriental studies in the late imperial and early soviet periods
Expansion of oriental studies in the early 19th century
Asian and African studies in Czechoslovakia
The heritage of Soviet Oriental studies
Orientalism's interlocutors : painting, architecture, photography
East Asian review
Corolla Torontonensis : studies in honour of Ronald Morton Smith
Linguarum profession in the Academia Gustaviana in Tartu (Dorpat) and the Academia Gustavo-Carolina in Pärnu (Pernau)
The Elek book of oriental verse
Visions of the East : orientalism in film
Studies in early Mahāyāna literature and art
Institute for Asian and African Studies, University of Helsinki : a brief presentation
