http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11846 cheese industry
cheese industry
Cheesemaking : science and technology
Factors affecting the yield of cheese
Whey as raw material for development of new products for human nutrition and health : a review
The cheese handbook : a guide to the world ́s best cheeses : over 250 varieties described, with recipes
Milk and dairy product technology
Food engineering and dairy technology
Cheese : chemistry, physics and microbiology. Vol. 2, Major cheese groups
"World Cheese Book shows you how to enjoy more than 750 of the world's finest cheeses and includes tasting notes and serving tips. World Cheese Book is the comprehensive guide to cheese and covers more world cheeses, with more photography, than any other book on the subject. Discover the flavor profile, shape, and texture of just about every imaginable cheese in this exhaustive, at-a-glance reference. Written by a team of experts, each writing about their own region, World Cheese Book is a treasure trove of information for the truly adventurous cheese lover and a complete guide to the world of cheese. A tour of the finest cheese-producing countries reveals local traditions and artisanal processes -- from Europe, the United Kingdom, and Scandinavia to the Americas to Asia, Australia, and New Zealand. Images of each cheese (inside and out) give an up-close view of each variety. Step-by-step techniques show how to make cheese in your own kitchen. Complementary food and wine pairings round out the offerings in World Cheese Book with the best part of all: Learning how best to enjoy eating these uniquely wonderful cheeses."--
Dairy bacteriology
Cheese and fermented milk foods
Cheese and culture : a history of cheese and its place in western civilization
Cheesemaking practice
The whey processing problems in Latvia
Possibilities to increase assortment of products made from whey protein
Whey pretreatments before ultrafiltration
World cheese book
Evaporation membrane filtration and spray drying in milk powder and cheese production
A colour guide to cheese and fermented milks
Cheese: chemistry, physics and microbiology. Vol. 2, Major cheese groups
Feta and related cheeses
Technology of cheesemaking
Cheese yield and factors affecting its control : proceedings of the IDF seminar held in Cork, Ireland, April 1993.
Dairy handbook
Dairy microbiology. Vol. 2, The microbiology of milk products
New techniques of whey processing
The effect of oligopolistic competition on economic welfare in the Finnish food manufacturing
Cheeses of the world : a season by season guide to buying, storing and serving
Whey proteins fractionation with membrane techniques
Cheese technology : a Northern European approach
Cheese ripening and technology : abstracts of IDF Symposium held in Banff, Canada, March 2000.
DairyNet : hygiene control in Nordic dairies
Modern dairy technology. Vol. 2, Advances in milk products
Whey and whey utilization d. ossibilities for utilization in agriculture and foodstuffs production
Dairy-based ingredients
Cheese technology
Brined cheeses
Dairy science and technology
Cheese : chemistry, physics and microbiology. Vol. 1, General aspects
Mechanisation and automation in dairy technology
Cheese problems solved
The world atlas of cheese
Fractionation methods of whey proteins - chromatographic techniques
From Latterbach to Oitti : a genealogical survey of Simmental cheesemaker immigrants to Russia and Finland, 1814-1848
