http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11807 vocational teacher education colleges
vocational teacher education colleges
Mobile technology for learning environments
Research-based teacher education in Finland : reflections by Finnish teacher educators
"This book challenges the current thrust of neoliberalism and economic managerialism by unfolding a new vision of participatory action learning and action research (PALAR) as a philosophy, methodology, and theory of learning and the facilitation process. The focus is on professional learning conceived as being participatory, collaborative, holistic and transformative, particularly through critical reflection and an affective-socio-cognitive approach. In a unique new approach, Professional Learning in Higher Education and Communities adopts a novel integration of social science with neuroscience to explain the processes and significance of PALAR. This provides the basis for justifying PALAR as an effective way to collaboratively achieve positive change, sustainable development and social justice, based on human agency and democratic values, for the common good and thus a better world for all. This book itself is testament to the critical reflection and affective-socio-cognitive approach that it advocates".
Towards vocational top expertise
Abstract.
Mentors' perceptions of teacher practice : a  case study of the School of Vocational Teacher Education
Educating the reflective practitioner : [toward a new design for teaching and learning in the professions]
Polytechnics and universities, similar or different? : views of four polytechnic graduates studying at the university
Mentor and working environment in support of vocational student   teachers' professional development
Attitudes of the English language professionals toward learning disable language learners in polytechnics and adult vocational education
Open and distance learning and the professionalisation of trainers
Opistosta ammattikorkeakouluksi = From higher-level vocational education to college of vocational higher education
A study on the promotion of adults' oral English communication and teacher development in liberal and tertiary education
Developing teacher-student counselling training in Oulu University of Applied Sciences : knowledge building through collaboration
The Bolashak fellowship program : in HAMK University of Applied Sciences, Finland 2013-2014
Student teachers innovating on the blackboard learning platform
Research evidence implementation and its requirements in nursing education
Innovations 2005 - Special edition : world innovations in engineering education and reseach
Educational Studies Collaboratively via Distance and Contact learning
In Finland, the Pedagogical Studies for Vocational Teachers include 10 credits of studies in education. Half of our  students complete them in connection with the pedagogical studies for teachers. The training consisting of distance  education has been traditionally bought from the University. Some of the students have felt that studying education  according to the university requirements has been hard for them. They would like a more practical approach to  educational studies. Our students also come from a large area in northern Finland. Therefore, an opportunity for  distance education is important for them. Tutoring has an important role in this implementation. To respond to these  challenges, we have designed a more practical implementation of the educational studies, in which the students only  have two face-to-face days. The new implementation was piloted in the autumn term 2012. The pilot succeeded very  well. Students liked to study and learnt a lot about the different areas of education. The study was continued in the  Spring 2014. Students of Education (19 )made the same pre and post-surveys like in the Pilot. Research results were  quite similar than in Pilot study.
Becoming a professional tutor in the lifelong learning sector
Practical skills, education and development : vocational education and training in Finland
Professional learning in higher education and communities : towards a new vision for action research
Academic mobility in a changing world : regional and global trends
Novice university teachers' professional development and learning as a teacher : opportunities and conditions at Estonian higher education institutions
The professional development of teacher educators
Dynamic dialogue in learning and teaching : towards transformation in vocational teacher education
Developing an online collaborative approach to global education in vocational contexts
National pathways and European dimensions of trainers' professional development
Educational studies collaboratively through distance and contact  teaching
Developing a pedagogy of teacher education : understanding teaching and learning about teaching
TTnet dossier. 5, Validation of competences and the professionalisation of teachers and trainers : [Validation des acquis et professionnalisation des enseignants et formateurs]
Videobased learning and teaching in wellbeing studies in vocational teacher  education
Teaching in post-compulsory education : learning, skills and standards
Kyrgyz Republic 2010 : lessons from PISA
A guide to staff & educational development
Social media and new educational models in teacher education
Students' perceptions of highly interactive, reflective and process oriented eLearning courses
Professional development in higher education : new dimensions & directions
Mentoring has emerged as an essential and effective process for developing teacher practice. The holistic student-centred guidance model is utilised to define the mentors' roles and inputs in the teacher practice mentoring process. The purpose of this article is to describe mentors' perceptions of mentoring teacher students in teacher practice at the School of Vocational Teacher Education in Oulu, Finland. The material for the development project was collected by conducting an inquiry at the beginning of mentors' guidance training. The study participants included 21 mentors from different vocational schools. In the mentoring process, the interaction and cooperation between mentor and mentee plays an essential role. Mentors' perceptions of their role in mentoring focus mainly on educational guidance and personal guidance. According to the findings, more attention could be focused on mentoring teacher students' vocational development during teacher practice. The results can be used in developing the mentors' guidance training.
The changing role of the teacher
Finnish knowledge in mathematics and sciences in 2002 : final report of LUMA programme
Contemporary issues of occupational education in Finland
Designing an educational program for HE teachers : a developmental process in authentic PBL settings
Dialogical mentoring in the supervising of student teachers' practice
The Sage handbook of mentoring and coaching in education
Dimensions in mentoring : a continuum of practice from beginning teachers to teacher leaders
Piano musicians' identity negotiations in the context of the academy and transition to working life : a socio-cultural approach
Education pays off
South Africa
One + one is more than two : a dialogical mentor relationship in  vocational teacher education
Critical learning incidents and use as a learning method : a comparison of Finnish and British nurse student teachers
Education themes - proceedings from the 6th International Conference on Education : May 21-23, 2004, Athens, Greece
Summary in Estonian.
New themes for vocational education
Conceptual change process of polytechnic teachers in transition from classrooms to web-based courses
Developing teacher students co-operation skills and critical  thinking
Practical skills, education and development : Vocational education and training in Finland
Self evaluation and portfolio development in beginning teachers' learning process
Podcasts and videos produced with the help of social media tools in the web-based teacher education program
