http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11808 picture books (children's books)
picture books (children's books)
Bear's loose tooth
The zombie survival guide : complete protection from the living dead
Trashed
Stanley's stick
Moomin's most magical pop-up book
Thousands of words : a comparative study on the functions of pictorial illustrations in English language textbooks
My first colours and shapes : see and say your first colours and shapes
Generation of artist's brand image in fine art licensing business
The tailor of Gloucester
Batman : the Dark Knight returns
The tomten and the fox
Don't read this book!
Drops of life
The trouble with dad
B.P.R.D. : Hell on Earth. [13] : end of days
The Wind in the Wallows
Bad Girls Throughout History features some of the fiercest women of all time - the famous, the infamous, and the ones you haven't even heard of yet. Explore the notable works, impressive feats, and striking portraits of these wild women from around the globe who challenged the status quo.
Mr Bear's new baby
Peter Rabbit : nursery rhyme time :favourite rhymes and lullabies to share /cBeatrix Potter
Translating picture books : semantic translation strategies and illustrations in three books by Mauri Kunnas
The story of a fierce bad rabbit
V for vendetta
Illustrated encyclopedia of cryptozoology: the creation process
The VES handbook of visual effects : industry standard VFX practices and procedures
Bad girls throughout history
Diary of a wimpy kid. 3, The last straw
All about Alfie
How do penguins play?
The rich man and the shoe-maker: A fable by la Fontaine
Jolly Tall
1001 amazing facts about the best bands : unofficial & unauthorised. Volume 1.
Possibilities of art appropriation in print advertising
Paddington at the Zoo
Star Wars: I am Sith
The Big book of engines
The great dragon rescue
Greg Heffley tells about his summer vacation and his attempts to steer clear of trouble when he returns to middle school and tries to keep his older brother Rodrick from telling everyone about Greg's most humiliating experience of the summer.
What the moon saw
Tiger-time for Stanley
My gran is great!
A man who has spent his life making money, but who cannot find happiness, learns some valuable lessons from unlikely sources.
The midnight adventures of Kelly, Dot, and Esmeralda
Wolf won't bite!
The owl and the pussy cat and other nonsense
From Cyrus to Pahlavi : a picture story of the Iranian Empire
Looking after your first monster
Batman vs. superman : the greatest battles
Employer Branding for SMEs : Attracting Graduating Students in IT Industry
Bennett Cerf's book of animal riddles
Franklin and the thunderstorm
Articles on experiences. 3, Christmas experiences
If you're happy and you know it!
The Cozy Book
Diary of a wimpy kid. 2, Rodrick rules
Olivia the princess
Elric of Melniboné
Middle-schooler Greg Heffley nimbly sidesteps his father's attempts to change Greg's wimpy ways until his father threatens to send him to military school.
Diary of a wimpy kid. 9, The Long haul
Chipmunk's abc
A place to call home
Adventure in Egypt
Daddy lost his head
W is for world : a round-the-world ABC
There, there
The faery's gift
Big Book of Big Tractors
Nowhere men. Volume 1, Fates worse than death
The Big Book of Paw Patrol
The new baby
Making faces
Orange, pear, apple, bear
Bighead
Tom's tortoise
The Puffin Mother Goose nursery rhymes
USBORNE FIRST EXPERIENCES
Epic bike rides of the world : explore the planet's most thrilling cycling routes
Hilda hen's scary night
Baltimore. Volume two : The curse bells
Diary of a wimpy kid. 8, Hard luck
The Printer
Diary of a wimpy kid : Greg Heffley's journal
The town mouse and the country mouse
Let's look at flying machines
Harry and the Dinosaurs say "raahh!"
Sketches of Finland
Orange pear apple bear
Diary of a wimpy kid : Rodrick rules
The Scarecrow
Illustrated encyclopedia of cryptozoology : the creation process
Why oh why are deserts dry?
Mr. Peabody's Apples
Pictorial Victorians : the inscription of values in word and image
Maailman ihanin tyttö = The loveliest girl in the world
J.D. Polson and the Dillogate affair
The son of Neptune
Wildflower
The last alchemist
When Eli the jewelry-maker is commissioned to make a special necklace for the queen, he and his young helper overcome seemingly insurmountable odds to complete the task.
The princess and the pea
The adventures of Abdi
Little monkey
In the dark of the night
Lady : my life as a bitch
The tale of Peter Rabbit
Kim`s top hat
Night monkey day monkey
Ella Bella Ballerina and the Nutcracker
A long winter's nap ; Flight of the penguin
Starting school
Mr. Men : adventure with pirates
Garfield : the easter Bunny?
Kipper's toybox
Don't want to go!
Fantastic beasts and where to find them : the original screenplay
Miss Peregrine's home for peculiar children
White death
A first Peter Rabbit book : a learning book for young children
The princess who had no fortune
My friend Dahmer : a graphic novel
P. Dukas' The sorcerer's apprentice
Off to school, Baby Duck!
How the rhinoceros got his skin
The tale of Timmy Tiptoes
Kipper's first pet
Diary of a wimpy kid : the last straw
Are you a fan of 5 Seconds of Summer, One Direction, The Vamps and other similar bands? Do you want to know all the inside info on your favourite music acts, from how they first got together to their relationships, likes, dislikes and interesting facts previously known only to those closest to the bands themselves? If so, then this is the book for you. Containing one hundred facts on each band (plus one final bonus fact on 5SOS) this book will make you the master of all rock and pop knowledge! So whether it’s Harry Styles and his mates, Luke Hemmings & co, Brad Simpson and friends or any of the other seven groups featured, this is the perfect book for you!
Diary of a wimpy kid. 4, Dog days
Going to the doctor
My counting book : a fun, colorful first counting book
Pirate Patch and the gallant rescue
Zoe and Beans: Zoe's Christmas list
Ten Little Princesses
Franklin and Harriet
You win!
Rocket girl. Volume 1, Times squared
No more eee-orrh!
Guess How Much I Love You Here, There and Everywhere
We`re going on a bear hunt
D. B. Kabalevsky's Joey the clown (The comedians)
Busiest people ever
A Walk in Paris
The surprise picnic
a Presents a history of Golden Books, discussing how it was founded in the mist of World War II providing quality books at inexpensive prices and used innovative writers and marketing techniques to establish itself as a highly successful publishing firm.
March. Book 1
Going on a plane
Brands and branding - brand images in Kainuu
Robin and the butcher
Disney Fairies : the ultimate guide to the magical world
Diary of a wimpy kid. 6, Cabin fever
Assassin's creed. Templars. [Book 1]
My friends = Mis amigos
I completely know about Guinea pigs
A boy learns a lesson about the destructive power of gossip.
Diary of a wimpy kid. 1
Pentti and the hungry polar bears
The Three-Legged Cat
Sex. Book one, The summer of hard
Mungo Monkey goes on a Train
Big cat
Diary of a wimpy kid. 5, The ugly truth
Ten little pussy cats
Luckiest girl alive : a novel
The flying diggers
Meeting the Hong Kong tourism market with Finnish products : a Case Study of the Kuhmo Chamber Music Festival
This is the kiss
The giant carrot
I want my hat back
An edwardian summer
When Yakov, the cobbler's son lies dying, it is the thieves, pickpockets, and criminals of the village whose prayers are heard, causing the boy to be healed.
Too much happiness
Diary of a wimpy kid. 7, The third wheel
Yakov and the seven thieves
Summary.
My big train book
Ice is nice!
Tove Jansson : life, art, words : the authorised biography / Boel Westin ; translated by Silvester Mazzarella
Goldilocks and the three bears : a tale moderne
Learning to swim
Along came you
Baby's first book
My first colours and shapes
Jack Tractor : Five stories from smallbills garage
Franklin says I love you
Baltimore. Volume 5 : The apostle and the witch or Harju
Why the tailor shop closed
Golden legacy : the story of Golden Books
Stanley goes ape
Going to school
I want a sister
Saint-Saëns' Carnival of the animals
Dee Dee and me
Greg records his sixth grade experiences in a middle school where he and his best friend, Rowley, undersized weaklings amid boys who need to shave twice daily, hope just to survive, but when Rowley grows more popular, Greg must take drastic measures to save their friendship.
And if the moon could talk
Leo`s new pet
Limelight Larry
The runaway Santa : a Christmas adventure story
Yellow Submarine
My first big talkabout book
Lowly worm meets the early bird
English picture dictionary
