http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11881 hydrology
hydrology
Mechanics of sediment transport
Water research in Finland 2002-2006 : international evaluation
The amount of water in peat soil is one factor affecting its bearing capacity, which is a crucial aspect in planning peatland timber harvesting operations. We studied the influence of weather variables on the variation of drained peatland growing season water conditions, here the ground water table depth (WTD). WTD was manually monitored four times in 2014 and three times in 2015 in 10-30 sample plots located in four drained peatland forests in south-western Finland. For each peatland, precipitation and evapotranspiration were calculated from the records of the nearest Finnish Meteorological Institute field stations covering periods from one day to four weeks preceding the WTD monitoring date. A mixed linear model was constructed to investigate the impact of the weather parameters on WTD. Precipitation of the previous four-week period was the most important explanatory variable. The four-week evapotranspiration amount was interacting with the Julian day showing a greater effect in late summer. Other variables influencing WTD were stand volume within the three-metre radius sample plot and distance from nearest ditch. Our results show the potential of weather parameters, specifically that of the previous four-week precipitation and evapotranspiration, for predicting drained peatland water table depth variation and subsequently, the possibility to develop a more general empirical model to assist planning of harvesting operations on drained peatlands.
Arctic ecosystems in a changing climate : an ecophysiological perspective
Some problems of lake hydrology
Hydrologinen vuosikirja 1981-1983 : vertailujaksona 1961-1980 = Hydrological yearbook 1981-1983 : as reference period 1961-1980
The wavewatcher's companion
Sustaining young forest communities : ecology and management of early successional habitats in the central hardwood region, USA
Vegetation and hydrology : H. L. Penman
Peat extraction runoff water purification in treatment wetlands constructed on drained peatlands in a cold climate
Brown's tidal streams in twelve charts for each hour of the tide at Dover ... : by an Experienced Pilot
Proceedings of the Workshop held at the IBM Scientific Center, Pisa, Italy
Rivers
Hydrological maps : a contribution to the International Hydrological Decade
The science of water : concepts and applications
Hydrology : an advanced introduction to hydrological processes and modelling
Monitoring ecological impacts : concepts and practice in flowing waters
The quality of agricultural research service watershed and plot data
Fractals and multifractals in ecology and aquatic science
Water resources management and public policy
Urban stormwater hydrology : a guide to engineering calculations
Multiannual hydrological responses in Scots pine radial growth within raised bogs in southern Sweden
Kinetics of phase transitions of water in the atmosphere
Radioactive tracers in hydrology
Proceedings of the second international conference on climate and water. Vol. 1
Challenges and opportunities in the hydrologic sciences
Advanced remote sensing : terrestrial information extraction and applications
Forest hydrology : processes, management and assessment
Slug tests in shallow holes at Olkiluoto 2002
Statistical aspects of water quality monitoring : proceedings of the workshop held at the Canada centre for inland waters, October 7-10, 1985
Advances in hydroscience. Vol. 7
Elements of applied hydrology
Water in the service of man
Advances in hydroscience. Vol. 9
The power of the sea : tsunamis, storm surges, rogue waves, and our quest to predict disasters
Regional assessment of climate change in the Mediterranean. Volume 1, Air, sea and precipitation and water
Variational ensemble Kalman filtering in hydrology
What is a flood?
GIS and remote sensing : environmental applications : International Symposium, proceedings, Volos, Greece 7-9 November 2003
Nordic Water 2012 : XXVII Nordic Hydrological Conference : abstracts : catchment restoration and water protection
Ocean worlds : the story of seas on Earth and other planets
Surface and subsurface hydrology : proceedings of the Fort Collins third international hydrology symposium on theoretical and applied hydrology, held at Colorado State University... July 27-29, 1977
Isotope hydrology 1970 : proceedings of a symposium on use of isotopes in hydrology, held by the International Atomic Energy Agency in co-operation with the UNESCO in Vienna, 9-13 March 1970.
The water encyclopedia : hydrologic data and Internet resources
Spatial and temporal variability and interdependencies among hydrological processes : proceedings of a Nordic seminar, Kirkkonummi, Finland, September 14-16, 1994
Understanding earth
International Field Year for the Great Lakes (IFYGL) data catalog : United States data archive
International Conference on Snow Hydrology : the integration of physical, chemical and biological systems : 6-9 October 1998, Brownsville, VT, USA : abstracts
Performance of weather parameters in predicting growing season water table depth variations on drained forested peatlands - a case study from southern Finland
The Nile : origin, environments, limnology and human use
International glossary of hydrology = Glossaire international d'hydrologie = Международный гидрологический словарь = Glosario hidrólogico internacional
Integrated and participatory water resources : theory
Low impact development and sustainable stormwater management
To explore interactions between climate and peatland hydrology, Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) growing at four raised bogs in southern Sweden were subject to a dendroclimatological study. Radial tree growth reflecting climate and water table fluctuations over multiannual periods was detected as significant negative correlations between tree-ring width (TRW) chronologies and the preceding one to four years total precipitation or river discharge. Systematically stronger negative correlations were obtained when river discharge instead of precipitation was compared to radial tree growth. This indicates that river discharge reflect moisture variability of peat bogs better than what precipitation data does. Meanwhile, monthly precipitation and radial tree growth did not show any clear correlation, whereas spring and early summer temperatures had a positive influence on the tree growth. Our study shows that growth variability of bog pines in the Boreal zone reflect hydrological responses related to a synthesis of climate controlled moisture variability over several year periods.
Watershed modeling is at the heart of modern hydrology, supplying rich information that is vital to addressing resource planning, environmental, and social problems. Even in light of this important role, many books relegate the subject to a single chapter while books devoted to modeling focus only on a specific area of application. Recognizing the need for a broad, comprehensive overview of the various types of watershed models, renowned experts Singh and Frevert carefully selected several highly popular and useful models to produce this groundbreaking reference. Watershed Models comprises seven sections that encompass 24 models chosen for a variety of characteristics, such as physical bases, mathematical sophistication, comprehensiveness, broad-based applicability, and use of modern tools. After a concise introduction, the book examines the history and evolution of watershed modeling derived from the Stanford Watershed Model along with regional calibration of models. The following six sections explore large watershed, streamflow, water quality, urban watershed, agricultural watershed, and planning and management models. Each chapter contains a wealth of information on model parameters, the strengths of each model for particular purposes, and examples of applications. Offering an up-to-date review of models used worldwide, Watershed Models supplies broad, integrated knowledge necessary for solving the complex and ongoing problems involved in resource and environmental water management.
Modern developments in fluid dynamics : high speed flow
Fluid mechanics
Finite elements in water resources : proceedings of the third International Conference on Finite..., School of Engineering, the University of Mississippi
Introduction to physical hydrology
Forest hydrology : an introduction to water and forests
Advances in hydroscience. Vol. 13
Random functions and hydrology
Publications 1980-1987
Computer applications in hydraulic engineering : connecting theory to practice
Evaporation into the atmosphere : theory, history, and applications
Rivers and river terraces
Principles of hydrology
Variations of water balance components and level of Lake Ladoga according to observation data
Lahti as an urban laboratory for sustainable environment
Advances in hydroscience. Vol. 11
Handbook of applied hydrology : a compendium of water-resources technology
Advances in hydroscience. Vol. 4
Groundwater-surface water interactions in esker aquifers : from field measurements to fully integrated numerical modelling
The magic school bus at the waterworks
Water balance of Lake Balaton : summary
Realms of water : some aspects of its cycle in nature
Properties of ordinary water-substance in all its phases: water-vapor, water, and all the ices
When a man who sometimes sees things before they happen has a terrifying premonition about the drowning death of his daughter, he sacrifices everything to prevent the tragedy.
Brown's tidal streams in twelve charts for each hour of the tide at Dover : showing how the tide is running at any hour around the whole of the British coasts, Ireland and the North Sea
Fundamentals of hydrology
A synthesis of the hydrological consequences of large-scale mountain pine beetle disturbance
Computer systems and water resources
Climatic sensitivity of hydrology and carbon exchanges in boreal peatland ecosystems, with implications on sustainable management of reed canary grass (Phalaris arundinacea, L.) on cutaway peatlands
Satellite hydrology : proceedings of the fifth annual William T. Pecora memorial symposium on remote sensing, Sioux Falls, South Dakota, June 10-15, 1979
Water on earth : physicochemical and biological properties
Assessment of aquatic pollution, remedial measures and juridical obligations of an acid sulphate soil area in western Finland
Forests and water : international momentum and action
Handbook of engineering hydrology : environmental hydrology and water management
Water for forests and people in the Mediterranean region : a challenging balance
Conference on Climate and Water, Helsinki, Finland 11-15 September 1989
Hydraulic engineering
Watershed models
Variations in the global water budget
Regional hydrology fundamentals
Water drops : celebrating the wonder of water
Peatland restoration and ecosystem services : science, policy, and practice
The hydrologic cycle and its role in Arctic and global environmental change : a rationale and strategy for synthesis study : a report from the scientific community to the National Science Foundation Arctic System Science Program
Hungary and the International Hydrological Decade
Proceedings of the second international conference on climate and water. Vol. 3
GIS for water resources and watershed management
Spatial patterns in catchment hydrology : observations and modelling
Dam nation : how water shaped the west and will determine its future
Science and conservation of vernal pools in northeastern North America
Satellite hydrology : proceedings of the fifth annual William T. Pecora memorial symposium on remote sensing, Sioux Falls, SD, June 10-15, 1979
Invertebrate animals as indicators of acidity in upland stream
FRIEND : flow regimes from international experimental and network data : proceedings of an international conference held at the Technical University of Braunschweig, Germany, from 11 to 15 October 1993
Fresh water
Advances in hydroscience. Vol. 8
Finite elements in water resources : proceedings of the First International Conference on Finite... held at Princeton University, U.S.A., in July, 1976. 1
Quantifying the water resource impacts of mountain pine beetle and associated salvage harvest operations across a range of watershed scales : hydrologic modelling of the Fraser River Basin
Applications of ocean transport modelling
Hydrology of disasters : proceedings of the Technical conference in Geneva organized by the World Meteorological Organization November 1988
Floods and droughts : proceedings of the second International Hydrology Symposium, September 11-13, 1972, Fort Collins, Colorado, U.S.A
Modeling air-lake interaction : physical background
Advances in hydroscience. Vol. 14
Elsevier's dictionary of hydrology and water quality management : in five languages English, French, Spanish, Dutch and German
Distributed hydrological modelling
McGraw-Hill dictionary of earth science
Transport models for inland and coastal waters : proceedings of the Symposium on Predictive Ability of surface water flow and transport models, held at the Marriott Inn, Berkeley, California, Aug. 18-20, 1980
Second assessment of climate change for the Baltic Sea basin / : The BACC II Author Team
Integrated management of groundwater and dependent ecosystems in a Finnish esker
Guidebook on nuclear techniques in hydrology
Simple sediment model: a tool to estimate nutrient regeneration in Baltic Sea sediments
Ecological effects of wastewater : applied limnology and pollutant effects
Ladoga and Onego - great European lakes : observations and modelling
Climate change and boreal rivers:predicting present-day patterns and future changes in hydrological regime and its effects on river communities
Climate vulnerability : understanding and addressing threats to essential resources. Vol. 5, Vulnerability of water resources to climate
Handbook of catchment management
Advances in hydroscience. Vol. 12
Solution of problems in fluid mechanics. 1
Glossary of terms used in agrometeorology = Glossaire des termes utilises en agrometeorologie = Glosario de terminos usados en la agrometeorologia
The mathematics of hydrology and water resources : based on the proceedings of the Conference on mathematics of hydrology and water resources held at the University of Lancaster in July 1976, organized by the Institute of mathematics and its applications
Water balance and water level of Lake Ilmen in different frequency bands
Wetland ecology : principles and conservation
Real-time hydrological forecasting and control : proceedings of 1st International Workshop held at the Institute of Hydrology, 4-29 July, 1977
Hydrology : an introduction to hydrologic science
Water at the surface of the earth : an introduction to ecosystem hydrodynamics
Solution of problems in fluid mechanics. 2
Handbook of engineering hydrology : modeling, climate change, and variability
Flow Regimes from Experimental and Network Data (FREND)
Proceedings of the second international conference on climate and water. Vol. 2
Symptom of environmental change in Siberian permafrost region : proceedings of the International Symposium of JSPS Core to Core Program between Hokkaido University and Martin Luther University Halle Wittenberg in 29-30 November 2005, Sapporo, Japan
About Grace
Soil-water-solute process characterization : an integrated approach
Land-use and land-cover changes : impact on climate and air quality
Concepts and models in groundwater hydrology
Bibliographie de la mécanique des glaces de rivières et de lacs = Bibliography of river and lake ice mechanics
Hydrology, soil mechanics and kinematics of slow mass movemenents in the Widenbach catchment, Switzerland
Dissolved gas concentration in water : computation as functions of temperature, salinity and pressure
Opportunities in the hydrologic sciences
Radionuclides in the environment : International Conference on Isopotes in Environmental Studies : Aquatic Forum 2004, 25-29 October, Monaco
Scientific allocation of water resources : water resources development and utilization, a rational approach
Groundwater and its response to climate variability and change in cold snow dominated regions in Finland : methods and estimations
Isotope techniques in the hydrologic cycle
Wetland soils : genesis, hydrology, landscapes, and classification
Evaporation, evapotranspiration and climatic data
Boreal peatland ecosystems
Tropical rainforest responses to climatic change
Handbook on the principles of hydrology with special emphasis directed to Canadian conditions in the discussions, applications and presentation of data
Urban hydrology : a multidisciplinary perspective
Hydrologinen vuosikirja 1996-2000 = Hydrological yearbook 1996-2000
Introduction to hydraulics and hydrology : with applications for stormwater management
The Environmental Dictionary EnDic covers a wide field of environmental protection and nature conservation - e.g. such fields as meteorology, hydrology, environmental engineering, water supply and wastewater treatment, waste management, and the environmental policy of the EU.
Basics of environmental science
Blue gold : a novel from the NUMA files
Coastal lagoons in Estonia and in the Central Baltic Sea region : development history, geology and hydrology, biodiversity and nature conservation value
Proceedings of the International Symposium on the Hydrology of Wetlands in Temperate and Cold Regions, Joensuu, Finland 6-8 June, 1988. Vol. 1
Hydrology in practice
River flood hydrology : proceedings of the Symposium organized by, and held at, the Institution of Civil Engineers on Thursday, 18 March, 1965.
Applied principles of hydrology
The arctic region is predicted to experience the earliest and most pronounced global warming response to human-induced climatic change. This book synthesizes information on the physiological ecology of arctic plants, discusses how physiological processes influence ecosystem processes, and explores how climate warming will affect arctic plants, plant communities, and ecosystem processes. It reviews the physiological ecology of arctic plants. It explores biotic controls over community and ecosystems processes. It provides physiological bases for predicting how the Arctic will respond to global climate change.
Advances in hydroscience. Vol. 10
The ecozones of the world : the ecological divisions of the geosphere
Balancing water for humans and nature : the new approach in ecohydrology
Facets of hydrology
"This is the first comprehensive text on the theory and practice of aquatic organic matter fluorescence analysis, written by the experts who pioneered the research area. This book covers the topic in the broadest possible terms, providing a common reference for making measurements that are comparable across disciplines, and allowing consistent interpretation of data and results. The book includes the fundamental physics and chemistry of organic matter fluorescence, as well as the effects of environmental factors. All aspects of sample handling, data processing, and the operation of both field and laboratory instrumentation are included, providing the practical advice required for successful fluorescence analyses. Advanced methods for data interpretation and modeling, including parallel factor analysis, are also discussed. The book will interest those establishing field, laboratory, or industrial applications of fluorescence, including advanced students and researchers in environmental chemistry, marine science, environmental geosciences, environmental engineering, soil science, and physical geography"--
The physics of flow through porous media
Methods of computing sedimentation in lakes and reservoirs : a contribution to the International Programme, IHP - II Project A. 2.6.1 Panel
World water resources and their future
Modern hydrology and sustainable water development
A treatise on limnology. Vol. 1, Geography, physics, and chemistry
Patterns in polygon mires in northeastern Yakutia, Siberia : The Role of Vegetation and Water
Handbook of engineering hydrology : fundamentals and applications
Hydrologinen bibliografia = Hydrological bibliography. 1934-1959
Transport of suspended solids in open channels : proceedings of Euromech 192, Munich, Neubiberg, 11-15 June 1985
Hydrology research : an international journal
