http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11827 teleoperators
teleoperators
Equity markets and firm innovation in interaction : a study of a telecommunications firm in radical industry transformation
Mobile marketing : achieving competitive advantage through wireless technology
Techno-economic analysis of novel opportunities for mobile networks : open innovation and cloud computing
The suggested Marketing plan for new student ICON package in the ICON department of Banglalink company
Optimizing GPRS mediation for performance and capacity with mds incl
Access selection methods in cooperative multi-operator environments to improve end-user and operator satisfaction
International market entry strategy of Viettel Telecom Corporation
Analysis of the Finnish Mobile Cluster : any potential in mobile service?
Internal marketing : towards employee satisfaction
Summary: Reciprocal development of the object and subject of learning.
Regulators and competition spurring or retarding innovation in the telecommunications sector?
Tanzania Telecommunication Company Limited as a Mobile Service Provider
Engine or wheels of our prosperity? : infrastructure and economic growth and effects of liberalisation of the Finnish telecommunications market
Co-primary multi-operator resource sharing for small cell networks
Performance and international competitiveness of listed metal and telecommunication industry groups 1989-1997 : Finland vs Sweden and Germany
Abstract: Internal marketing : towards employee satisfaction.
Elaboration of NMT and GSM standards : from idea to market
Measuring customer satisfaction: a Sonera store case study
Abstract.
The operational environments of the Finnish and Swiss mobile operators
Internet Connectivity Providers as Involuntary Copyright Enforcers : Blocking Websites in Particular
MVNO pricing structures in Finland
IT market study in China
Alliancing for mobile commerce : convergence of financial institutions and mobile operators
Security information and event management in the core network
Charging alternatives for MNO termination
Finland's wireless valley
Telecommunication Market and Business Opportunities
Dominant designs in complex technological systems : a longitudinal case study of a telecom company 1980-2010
The aim of this thesis is to devise novel co-primary spectrum sharing (CoPSS) methods for future fifth generation (5G) networks and beyond. The target is to improve data rates of small cell networks (SCNs) in which mobile network operators (MNOs) share their dedicated frequency spectrum (spectrum pooling) or a common spectrum (mutual renting). The performance of the proposed methods is assessed through extensive system-level simulations.MNOs typically acquire exclusive usage rights for certain frequency bands and have little incentive to share spectrums with other operators. However, due to higher cost and spectrum scarcity at lower frequencies it is expected that efficient use of the spectrum in 5G networks will rely more on spectrum sharing than exclusive licenses. This is especially true for new higher candidate frequencies (> 6 GHz) that do not have a pre-existing spectrum regulation framework.In the first part of the thesis, we tackle the challenge of providing higher data rates within limited spectral resources. Each SCN MNO has its own dedicated spectrum, and each MNO defines a percentage of how much its spectrum it is willing to share. The idea of the proposed CoPSS algorithms is that the spectrum is dynamically shared among MNOs based on their spectrum utilization, which is shared among MNOs in the network. This way interference can be avoided and spectrum utilization is maximized. Unused resources are shared equally between overloaded MNOs for a given time instant. Thus, only short-term fairness among overloaded SCNs can be guaranteed.In the second part, we consider a multi-operator small cell network where MNOs share a common pool of radio resources. The goal is to ensure the long term fairness of spectrum sharing without coordination among small cell base stations. We develop a decentralized control mechanism for base stations using the Gibbs sampling based learning tool, which allocates suitable amount of the spectrum for each base station while avoiding interference from SCNs and maximizing the total network throughput.In the studied scenarios, we show the importance of coordination among MNOs when the dedicated spectrum is shared. However, when MNOs share a common spectrum, a decentralized control mechanism can be used to allocate suitable amounts of spectrum for each base station. The proposed algorithms are shown to be effective for different network layouts, by achieving significant data rate enhancements with a low overhead.
Predicting the OTT services capacity based on network traffic analysis
Finnish telecom policy
Understanding change processes in business networks : a study of convergence in Finnish telecommunications 1985-2005
Impedance control of a water hydraulic manipulator for teleoperation applications
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
ICT cluster - the engine of knowledge-driven growth in Finland
The changing competitive landscape in the ICT domain and its socio-economic implications
Adaotability of global member-get-member systems for DNA's purposes : research revealing the characteristics and profitability of member-get-member systems at telecommunications sector
Techno-economic valuation of mobile communications scenarios
Social network analysis in telecommunications
Evaluation of Internet channels and their impacts on Irish mobile operators' business models
Adding customer value to a flagship IPTV-service through service innovation and a new business model
Sustainable solutions for last mile Internet access in developing countries : critical success factors
Liposome nanoparticles for targeted drug delivery, gene delivery and magnetic imaging
