http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11899 AKU
AKU
Walt Disney's Donald Duck : A christmas for Shacktown
Recommended practice for packaging of electric vehicle battery modules
Negative electrode materials for lithium ion batteries
Donald Duck adventures. [4]
Walt disney's comics and stories
Walt Disney's comics and stories by Carl Barks
The ambiguity of gendered religion
Donald Duck adventures. [9]
Walt Disney's Donald Duck adventures : the Barks/Rosa collection. Volume 2
Life cycle testing of electric vehicle battery modules
Stories from Duckburg 2
Donald Duck adventures. [14]
Battery operated devices and systems : from portable electronics to industrial products
New Technology and Optimization of Mobile Phone Battery
Donald Duck adventures. [16]
Thermal modelling of commercial lithium-ion batteries
Linden's handbook of batteries
Battery reference book
Solar charge controller in solar street light
Linden's Handbook of batteries
Lead-acid batteries : science and technology : a handbook of lead-acid battery technology and its influence on the product
Donald Duck adventures. [12]
In search of Aki Kaurismäki : aesthetics and contexts
Recommended practice for performance rating of electric vehicle battery modules
Automatic testing procedure for mobile phone's batteries and chargers
Recommended practice for electric and hybrid electric vehicle battery systems crash integrity testing
Donald Duck adventures. [10]
Batteries for portable devices
Mickey Mouse adventures. 9
Carl Barks : conversations
Walt disney s comics and stories ; 10.
Walt disney s comics and stories ; 7.
Disturbances in battery voltage of mobile phones = Matkapuhelimen akkujännitelinjan häiriöt
KPOW, CHINK, SPLAT : translations of sound effects in seven comics
Redox reactions in deep eutectic solvents : characterisation and application
Battery bar monitoring using motion detection
Industrial applications of batteries : from cars to aerospace and energy storage
Rechargeable batteries applications handbook : Gates Energy products
How to read Donald Duck : imperialist ideology in the Disney comic
Men without a future : a portrait of marginalization in Finnish post 1990s depression cinema
Improved methods for Li-ion battery capacity measurement and monitoring in smart devices
Low voltage primary cable
Uncle Scrooge : a little something special : sixty years of comic riches
Electric vehicle battery abuse testing
Haute Route : travelogue from Chamonix to Zermatt hike in July 2013
Donald Duck adventures. [17]
Combine : voices for the new century : an exhibition by contemporary Indian Artists : the National Gallery of Modern Art, 2nd to 30th September, 2000, in collaboration with vis-à-vis Art Inc. / [curated by Prima Kurien ; catalogue written by Gayatri Sinha]
Nickel-hydrogen batteries : principles and practice
The life and times of Scrooge McDuck companion
Low voltage battery cable
Electrochemical Energy Storages of Mobile Work Machines
Stories from Duckburg
Donald Duck adventures. [18]
Lost in the Andes
Disney comics : 75 years of innovation : the official anniversary book
Principles and applications of lithium secondary batteries
The effect of mobile phone's current consumption on battery performance = Matkapuhelimen virrankulutuksen vaikutus akusta saatavaan kapasiteettiin
Abstract.
Surface vehicle recommended practice. SAE J1797, Recommended practice for packaging of electric vehicle battery modules
Walt Disney's Uncle Scrooge. No. 382
Lithium-ion batteries hazard and use assessment
Lithium-ion batteries : advanced materials and technologies
Electrode material solutions for large-scale lithium-ion batteries
Automatization of mobile phone battery temperature measurement
The life and times of Scrooge McDuck
Carl Barks in English
Donald Duck adventures. [13]
Humour in Don Rosa's comics and their Finnish translations
Walt Disney's Donald Duck : 50 years of happy frustration
Donald Duck adventures. [19]
Vibration testing of electric vehicles batteries
The increasing energy consumption of smart devices sets greater demands on traditional Li-Ion batteries. As the number of charge-discharge cycles is deemed to increase, monitoring battery capacity becomes of greater importance. The aim of this thesis was to contemplate how battery measurement and monitoring methods could be improved. Special areas of focus included precision development, as well as the evaluation of the suitability and practicality of monitoring methods for smart device use. The theoretical basis extended to battery monitoring related factors inherent in Li-Ion batteries. The prevailing Nokia Symbian device level performance served as the starting point. Through empirical measurements the present state was examined with an automatic testing system created for the purpose. In comparison, a selection of commercial off-the-shelf battery monitoring systems was measured. Vendors of these commercial solutions claimed superior performance and straightforward integration feasibility. High precision was claimed to be attainable only through careful battery characterization. Supporting results were found for the significance claim of battery characterization. Therefore, battery characterization requirements were further studied to accelerate the productization process. The company R&D component quality system was considered in the preparation of the technical results of this thesis. The normative study followed roughly the selected guidelines of ISO 15288:2002 Systems Engineering - System Life Cycle Processes.
Donald Duck adventures. [11]
Donald Duck adventures. [20]
Maintenance-free batteries : based aqueous electrolyte. Lead-acid, nickel/cadmium, nickel/metal hydride. A handbook of battery technology
Walt Disney's Donald Duck adventures
Disney presents Carl Barks' greatest Ducktales stories : volume 1
Donald Duck adventures. [8]
Handbook of batteries
Electric-drive battery pack system : functional guidelines
Lithium ion rechargeable batteries : materials, technology, and applications
Lithium-ion batteries : science and technologies
Uncle Scrooge : and the money champ. 382
Walt Disney's comics and stories
