http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11873 genuineness
genuineness
Unoriginal genius : poetry by other means in the new century
Indexing authenticity : sociolinguistic perspectives
Foraging for Nordic wild food : introducing Nordic island terroir
Postprints of the Wooden Artifacts Group  : presented at the 35th Annual Meeting of the American Institute for Conservation, Richmond, Virginia, April 2007
Introduction
The culture of the copy : striking likenesses, unreasonable facsimiles
Antique Trader guide to fakes & reproductions : authentic or fake? : can yoy make the right choice?
Living with Koryak traditions : playing with culture in Siberia
Abstract.
Nondestructive testing of food quality
The scientific analyses / by Marco Cardinali, Maria Beatrice De Ruggieri
Pseudonymity, the new testament, and deception : an inquiry into intention and reception
Discussions on the past : shared experience in the collection of Finnish folk poetry
The eye of the connoisseur : authenticating paintings by Rembrandt and his contemporaries
"'Authenticity' and authentication is at the heart of museums' concerns in displays, objects, and interaction with visitors. These notions have formed a central element in early thought on culture and collecting. Nineteenth century-explorers, commissioned museum collectors and pioneering ethnographers attempted to lay bare the essences of cultures through collecting and studying objects from distant communities. Comparably, historical archaeology departed from the idea that cultures were discrete bounded entities, subject to divergence but precisely therefore also to be traced back and linked to, a more complete original form in de (even) deeper past. Much of what we work with today in ethnographic museum collections testifies to that conviction. Post-structural thinking brought about a far-reaching deconstruction of the authentic. It came to be recognized that both far-away communities and the deep past can only be discussed when seen as desires, constructions and inventions. Notwithstanding this undressing of the ways in which people portray their cultural surroundings and past, claims of authenticity and quests for authentication remain omnipresent. This book explores the authentic in contemporary ethnographic museums, as it persists in dialogues with stakeholders, and how museums portray themselves." -- Publisher's website.
Manufacturing a past for the present : forgery and authenticity in medievalist texts and objects in nineteenth-century Europe
Self-taught collectors of folklore and their challenge to archival authority
Longing for autenthic experiences : the subjective meaning of visual art for museum audiences and amateur artists
Tourist experience : contemporary perspectives
Authenticity, Dracula tourism and the folklore process
Luxury marketing : a challenge for theory and practice
Phenolic compounds in the berries of the selected Vaccinium species : the potential for authenticity analyses
Authenticity : what consumers really want
The anthropology of art : a reader
Girl in hyacinth blue
The discursive construction of authenticity : resources, scales and polycentricity in Finnish hip hop culture
Authencity and occupational emotions : a philosophical study
The art collector's illustrated handbook : vol. 1
Art revolution : alternative approaches for fine artists and illustrators
The art collector's illustrated handbook : vol. 3
The Caravaggio douple / by Rossella Vodret
The art collector's illustrated handbook : how to tell authentic antiques from fakes. Vol. 3, [Excavated art : Europe, Asia, America : Asian and African art]
Art and authenticity
Sincerity : how a moral ideal born five hundred years ago inspired religious wars, modern art, hipster chic, and the curious notion that we all have something to say (no matter how dull)
Critical debates in tourism
The expert versus the object : judging fakes and false attributions in the visual arts
Authenticicty in art : the scientific detection of forgery
Heart-centered leadership : lead well, live well
Performance and authenticity in the arts
On being authentic
Nenets folklore in Russian : the movement of culture in forms and languages
Villages on stage : folklore and nationalism in the Republic of Moldova
Report on the state of conservation and the restoration : February - August 2000 / Carlo Giantomassi, Donatella Zari
True North : discover your authentic leadership
Caravaggio : the mystery of two Saint Francis in meditation : Sinebrychoff Art Museum, [Helsinki], 27.3. - 9.5.2010 / [by Rossella Vodret, Marco Cardinali, Maria Beatrice De Ruggieri]
The wake of imagination : toward a postmodern culture
Culture and authenticity
Landscape and film
Caravaggio : the mystery of two Saint Francis in meditation : [Nationalmuseum, Stockholm, 20 January - 14 March 2010 : Sinebrychoff Art Museum, Helsinki, 26 March - 9 May 2010] / edited by Rossella Vodret
The state of the real : aesthetics in the digital age / edited by Damian Sutton, Susan Brind, Ray McKenzie ; [with a contribution by Slavoj Zizek]
Debating authenticity : concepts of modernity in anthropological perspective
The central library as the steppingstone of Helsinki : developing new service design for an authentic tourist experience
Masterpiece or copy? : two versions of Anthony van Dyck's St. Jerome with an angel / Friso Lammertse, Carina Fryklund, Annetje Boersma ; with contributions by Annelies van Loon and Lena Dahlén
Fragments of lost origins : authenticity, belonging and contesting histories in contemporary Istanbul
Authenticity : brands, fakes, spin and the lust for real life
Scars of the spirit : the struggle against inauthenticity
Attributing old master paintings is one of the most difficult tasks of the art historian. Moreover, the stakes can be high, especially when the painting in question might be that of a famous master. The difference in price between an authentic old master painting and a work 'in the manner of' a well-known painter can add up to several million dollars. The fingerprint of an Old Master discusses issues regarding attribution of Dutch and Flemish paintings of the seventeent-century. Rembrandt's David and Jonathan (Hermitage, St. Petersburg), de-attributed by the Rembrandt Research Project in 1989, provides an unique oppurtunity to compare seventeenth- and twentieth-century conoisseurship. An analysis of the painting based on terms of seventeenth-century art theory shows that the painting must have been successful according to contemporary standards of appreciation, that is, worthy of carrying Rembrandt's name.
Rustica Nova : the new countryside and transformations in operating environment
The art collector's illustrated handbook : how to tell authentic antiques from fakes. Vol. 2, [Silver, bronze, other metals, prints, books, clock, walking sticks, stones, gemstones, amber, enamel, dolls, fans, musical instruments]
"Inauthentic" Brit-pop versus "authentic" American rock : the everlasting debate of "realness" in popular music
Caravaggio : the mystery of the two Saint Francis in meditation / Rossella Vodret
Nara Conference on Authenticity : in relation to the World Heritage Convention : proceedings = Conference de Nara sur l'authenticité dans le cadre de la Convention du Patrimoine Mondial : compte-rendu : Nara, Japan = Japon, 1-6 November = Novembre 1994
Art, conservation and authenticities : material, concept, context
Goat and sheep milk cheeses : detection of adulterations
Finding heritage through fiction in Dracula tourism
Couture culture : a study in modern art and fashion
Leonardo : La bella principessa : the profile portrait of a Milanese woman
UNESCO, cultural heritage, and outstanding universal value : value-based analyses of the World Heritage and Intangible Cultural Heritage Conventions
Faking it : the quest for authenticity in popular music
Origins and the Enlightenment : aesthetic epistemology from Descartes to Kant
This book explores the international legal framework developed by UNESCO to identify and protect world heritage and its implementation at the national level. Drawing on close policy analysis of UNESCO's major documents, extensive professional experience at UNESCO, as well as in-depth analyses of case studies from Asia, Europe, and Latin America, Sophia Labadi offers a nuanced discussion of the constitutive role of national understandings of a universalist framework. The discussion departs from considerations of the World Heritage Convention as Eurocentric and offers a more complex analysis of how official narratives relating to non-European and non-traditional heritage mark a subversion of a dominant and canonical European representation of heritage. It engages simultaneously with a diversity of discourses across the humanities and social sciences and with related theories pertaining not only to tangible and intangible heritage, conservation, and archaeology but also political science, social theory, tourism and development studies, economics, cultural, and gender studies. In doing so, it provides a critical review of many key concepts, including tourism, development, sustainability, intangible heritage, and authenticity.
Authenticity and replication : the 'real thing' in art and conservation : proceedings of the international conference held at the University of Glasgow, 6-7 December 2012 / edited by Rebecca Gordon, Erma Hermens and Frances Lennard
Sign here! : handwriting in the age of new media
The Kalevala and the authenticity debate
Creating authenticity : authentication processes in ethnographic museums
Heritage tourism
Caravaggio : the mystery of two Saint Francis in meditation : Sinebrychoff Art Museum, [Helsinki], 27.3. - 9.5.2010
Authenticity : whose tradition?
The art collector's illustrated handbook : vol. 2
