http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11838 responsibilities (duties)
responsibilities (duties) duties responsibilities
Trouble with strangers : a study of ethics
Finding a voice at work? : new perspectives on employment relations
Obligationes : 14th century logic of disputational duties
Shades of goodness : gradability, demandingness and the structure of moral theories
The life-changing magic of not giving a f**k : how to stop spending time you don't have doing things you don't want to do with people you don't like
Women and Confucianism in Chosŏn Korea : new perspectives
World ethics and climate change : from international to global justice
E pluribus unum. Scripta in honorem Eerik Lagerspetz sexagesimum annum complentis
Duties in the welfare state : working and paying for social rights
The regulation of peasant duties in Estonia in the 17th-19th centuries and the myth of the "Good Swedish Era"
Individual and joint commitments
"A young elemental mage named Iaolanthe Seabourne discovers her shocking power and destiny when she is thrown together with a deposed prince to lead a rebellion against a tyrant"
The ethics of altruism
The spirit of community: rights, responsibilities and the communitarian agenda
The nature of religious individualism among southern Ghanaian christians
"Considers the contributions of philosophical theories of property rights, political obligation, and self-determination to our moral understanding of political control over geographical space. Focuses on American Indian and other indigenous claims to a separate political status, including potentially to full legal independence"--Provided by publisher.
Self-realization : an outline of ethics
Global democracy and exclusion
Citizenship : a reality far from ideal
A theory of value and obligation
Matter of breath : foundations for professional ethics
De officiis
Does military draft discourage enrollment in higher education? : evidence from OECD countries
Lover enshrined : a novel of the black dagger brotherhood
Soldiering and the making of Finnish manhood : conscription and masculinity in interwar Finland, 1918-1939
"This unique collection of original works examines the relationship between citizen and state. Nine insightful contributions range from a transnational analysis of the corrosive influence of wealth elites on the functioning of the state, to models of state and citizen governance, to contrasting philosophies of citizenship"--Provided by publisher.
Swedish summary - Sammanfattning.
The Emperor's new clones
Does military draft discourage enrollment in higher education : evidence from OECD countries
Global poverty and individual responsibility
Military draft and economic growth in OECD countries
Kantian ethics
The psychology of rights and duties : empirical contributions and normative commentaries
The register variation of need to in spoken British English
Confidentiality in arbitration proceedings
Politics and morality
Saṃvarta-tradition : Saṃvarta-smṛti and Saṃvarta-dharmaśāstra
Rationality and moral theory : how intimacy generates reasons
Levels of autonomy and responsiblities of teachers in Europe
Act on the Obligation to Appear Before the Court of Another Nordic Country in Certain Cases
Between rights and responsibilities : a fundamental debate
Following the rules : practical reasoning and deontic constraint
The domestic domain : changes, choices and strategies of family households
Self-improvement : an essay in Kantian ethics
The lord of the rings. Part three : The return of the king
Bound : essays on free will and responsibility
Democracy's duty : the history of political debates on compulsory voting
The sacred blacksmith. Volume 1
Political authority and obligation in Aristotle
"The problem of free will arises from ordinary, commonsense reflection. Shaun Nichols examines these ordinary attitudes from a naturalistic perspective. He offers a psychological account of the origins of the problem of free will. According to his account the problem arises because of two naturally emerging ways of thinking about ourselves and the world, one of which makes determinism plausible while the other makes determinism implausible. Although contemporary cognitive science does not settle whether choices are determined, Nichols argues that our belief in indeterminist choice is grounded in faulty inference and should be regarded as unjustified. However, even if our belief in indeterminist choice is false, it's a further substantive question whether that means that free will doesn't exist. Nichols argues that, because of the flexibility of reference, there is no single answer to whether free will exists. In some contexts, it will be true to say 'free will exists'; in other contexts, it will be false to say that. With this substantive background in place, this book promotes a pragmatic approach to prescriptive issues. In some contexts, the prevailing practical considerations suggest that we should deny the existence of free will and moral responsibility; in other contexts the practical considerations suggest that we should affirm free will and moral responsibility. This allows for the possibility that in some contexts, it is morally apt to exact retributive punishment; in other contexts, it can be apt to take up the exonerating attitude of hard incompatibilism."--Jacket.
The lord of the rings. Part 3, The return of the king
The practice of moral judgment
A young elemental mage named Iaolanthe Seabourne discovers her shocking power and destiny when she is thrown together with a deposed prince to lead a rebellion against a tyrant
Cicero in twenty-eight volumes. 21, De officiis
"Is there any moral obligation to improve oneself, to foster and develop various capacities in oneself? From a broadly Kantian point of view, 'Self-Improvement' defends the view that there is such an obligation and that it is an obligation that each person owes to him or herself. The defence addresses a range of arguments philosophers have mobilized against this idea, including the argument that it is impossible to owe anything to yourself, and the view that an obligation to improve oneself is overly 'moralistic'. Robert N. Johnson argues against Kantian uiniversalization arguments for the duty of self-improvement, as well as arguments that bottom out in a supposed value humanity has. At the same time, he defends a position based on the notion that self- and other-respecting agents would, under the right circumstances, accept the principle of self-improvement and would leave it up to each to be the person to whom this duty is owed"--Publisher's description, p. [4] of dust jacket.
The principle of fairness and political obligation
Conscription : economic costs and political allure
Ownership, authority, and self-determination
Window gods : truth sleeps in the seed
Social responsibility
Intergenerational justice
The philosophy of right. Vol. 1, Introduction - moral system : the essence of right
De natura rerum : scripta in honorem professoris Olli Koistinen sexagesimum annum complentis
Protecting the social science client : legal and structural controls on official discretion
The fellowship of the ring : being the first part of The lord of the rings
Rights and responsibilities of refugees in Finland
The lord of the rings. Part two : The two towers
Father of the bride : speech and duties
Shareholders' duties
The political theory of T. H. Green : selected writings
The responsibilities and rights of both buyer and seller in international trade concerning the conformity of the goods and additional contractual requirements
Guide for aliens resident in Finland
The burning sky
Living together : rationality, sociality, and obligation
Rights and the common good : the communitarian perspective
Everything I know I learned from TV : philosophy for unrepentant couch potato
The uncommon reader
Moral obligation : essays and lectures. H.A. Prichard
The perilous sea
A right to be saved and nonjustice obligations
Thirteen moons : a novel
The bridesmaid's handbook
Moral rights and political freedom
Openness and access to information in Finland
Obligations, loyalties, conflicts : highly educated women and family life in Nairobi, Kenya
The imperative of health : public health and the regulated body
Life-changing magic of not giving a f**k : how to stop spending time you don't have with people you don't like doing things you don't want to do
Hot work under control
The community provisions on social security : your rights when moving within the European Union
The economic costs and the political allure of conscription
The luxe
The lord of the rings. [Part 3] : The return of the king
The sacred blacksmith. Volume 2
Morality, moral luck, and responsibility : fortune's web
No man's land : a novel
An inherent burden : kinship, migration and HIV/AIDS among the Akan of Ghana
Transparency in development communication
Abstract. - Abstract in Finnish. - Abstract in Swedish
The lord of the rings. Part 2 : The two towers
Individual duty within a human rights discourse
Ethical studies
A ruthless need
Deep symbols : their postmodern effacement and reclamation
Summary.
Heroes, saints & ordinary morality
The missionary obligation of the church : Willingen, Germany, July 5-17, 1952, International Missionary Council
Balancing social citizenship and new paternalism : Finnish activation policy and street-level practice in a comparative perspective
Sir David Ross's pluralistic theory of duty
The varieties of goodness
For darkness shows the stars
This book provides a systematic overview of shareholders' duties found in European company law and capital market law. It is often assumed that shareholders have rights, not duties. In recent years, however, this assumption has come under intense scrutiny in all aspects of company law, and scholarship. In Europe especially, major changes are under way across a diverse spectrum, all the way from revised contractual arrangements to mandatory statutory provisions. Such a shift has important implications for the fundamentals of European company law, and there is a need to examine shareholders' duties and consider where this trend is taking shareholders and their stance in law. This focused collection of essays addresses this complex subjects from highly informative and useful variety of perspectives.
The moral and political status of children : new essays
Treason's daughter
The concept of duty in South Asia
Environmental ethics : an overview for the twenty-first century
Papers in ethics and social philosophy
Men and women of the forest : livelihood strategies and conservation from a gender perspective in Ranomafana National Park, Madagascar
The concept of moral obligation
Civic virtues : rights, citizenship, and republican liberalism
