http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11861 Earth (planets)
Earth (planets)
Half way home
Earth observation and the environment : benefits for Central and Eastern European countries
The ages of Gaia : a biography of our living earth
Chariots of the gods : unsolved mysteries of the past
Vampire hunter D. Volume 14 : Dark road : parts one and two
DK online science encyclopedia
Compendium of meteorology : for use by class 1 and class 2 meteorological personnel. Vol. 1, Dynamic meteorology : part 1
The world without us
The magnetic field of the earth's lithosphere : the satellite perspective
The years of rice and salt
What you need to know now ; the world in facts, stats and graphics
"The Fifth edition of Earth: Portrait of a Planet features stunning art, the most up-to-date science, and a wealth of onlinen learning tools, all developed under the critical eyes of Stephen Marshak. Heavily revised, and illustrated with remarkably detailed photographs, animations, and maps, the text offers rich and engaging pedagogy, with and expanded chapter on energy, and coverage of recent global  events such as Typhoon Haiyan and the Japanese Tsunami."
The quiet invasion
The Oxford companion to the Earth
The earth's shape and gravity
Earth, moon & sun
Biology : life on earth : with physiology
Mammoth book of the World Cup
Earth : the life of a planet
The mysterious earth
Forces of nature
The earth from space
Guardians of the galaxy : Cosmic Avengers
Horrible geography of the world
1,001 facts about Planet Earth
Sputnik's guide to life on Earth
Earth and Universe
The 100
"A clear understanding of the Earth's past evolution can provide the key to its possible future development. The Earth: Its Birth and Growth explores the evolution of the Earth over 4.6 billion years using basic reasoning and simple illustrations to help explain the underlying physical and chemical principles and major processes involved. Fully updated and revised, this rigorous but accessible second edition includes three completely new chapters. It incorporates exciting developments in isotope geology, placing results within a wider framework of Earth evolution and plate tectonics. Some background in physics and chemistry is assumed, but basic theories and processes are explained concisely in self-contained sections. Key research papers and review articles are fully referenced. This book is ideal as supplementary reading for undergraduate and graduate students in isotope geochemistry, geodynamics, plate tectonics and planetary science. It also provides an enjoyable overview of Earth's evolution for professional scientists and general readers"--
The earth
Glaciers and the changing earth system: a 2004 snapshot
When 100 juvenile delinquents are sent on a mission to recolonize Earth, they get a second chance at freedom, friendship, and love, as they fight to survive in a dangerous new world / Library of Congress.
My tourist guide to the centre of the Earth
Physics of the earth's interior
The Cambridge handbook of earth science data
CO2-balance in the athmosphere and CO2-utilisation:an engineering approach
Guardians of the galaxy : best story ever
Tommy Storm
The study and conservation of globes
Coming home
The intimate universe : how the stars are closer than you think
Why should I bother about the planet?
Major impacts and plate tectonics : a model for the phanerozoic evolution of the earth's lithosphere
Honor among thieves
A really short history of nearly everything
Prehistoric World : Cretaceous Life
A history of the earth
The son of Neptune
Endymion
The price of ransom
Earthrise : how man first saw the Earth
The blood of Olympus
Death's end
UEFA's homegrown player rule in the light of EU law
Compendium of meteorology : for use by class I and class II meteorological personnel. Vol. 1. Part 1, Dynamic meteorology
A new history of life : the radical new discoveries about the origins and evolution of life on earth
Top 10 of everything 2012
The three-body problem
The house of Hades
The Magic School Bus inside the Earth
"Recent environmental problems and natural disasters have given cause for increasing concern over the future habitability of our planet. It is becoming increasingly apparent that a clear understanding of the Earth's past evolution can provide the key to its possible future development. The Earth: Its Birth and Growth explores the evolution of the Earth over 4.6 billion years using basic reasoning and simple illustrations to help explain the underlying physical and chemical principles and major processes involved"--
The solar system. 2, The earth as a planet
CETI Revisited : should we send radio messages to faraway galaxies?
The little book of planet Earth
The Usborne geography encyclopedia : with complete world atlas
Understanding the earth : [a new synthesis]
Science encyclopedia
Earth : the making, shaping, and workings of a planet
You are here : around the world in 92 minutes
World of trouble
The Earth
Philip¦s family world atlas
Planet Earth : an encyclopedia of geology
Aces high
Earth : Berhard Edmaier : colours of the Earth
Guardians team-Up. Guardians assemble
Physics of the earth and the solar system : dynamics and evolution, space navigation, space-time structure
Gaia : a new look at life on earth
Internal constitution of the earth
Restless earth : a report on the new geology
Evolution of the earth
Poison Island : 24 hours to save the world ... and walk the dog
Ask me anything
Tweeting the universe : tiny explanations of very big ideas
World energy investment outlook : 2003 insights
All about planet earth : investigate the amazing story of how our world was formed
The Kingfisher encyclopedia of life : minutes, months, millennia - how long is a life on earth?
Planet earth
Danny Dreadnought saves the world
Vampire hunter D. Volume 11 : Pale Fallen Angels : parts one and two
Nextworld. 2 / translation Kumar Sivasubramanian
Earth : our planet from space : pictures of an endangered world
Earth : portrait of a planet
Vision 2050 : broadmap for a sustainable earth
IMF effects on sporadic-E layers and F region through
Whitaker's world of weird
Empires : infiltration
A guide to world resources 2002-2004 : decisions for the Earth: balance, voice, and power
The Darkside War
The Midas flesh. Volume one
The space-age photographic atlas
The global climate system : a critical review of the climate system during ..
Arctic rising
Nextworld. 1 / translation: Kumar Sivasubramanian
A short history of planet earth : mountains, mammals, fire, and ice
My first world atlas
Theory of the earth's interior
Revolution's shore
Text, photographs and illustrations offer a visual narrative of the geographical history of Earth
Slow reckoning : the ecology of a divided planet
Earth report 2000 : revisiting the true state of the Planet
Homecoming
EARTH AND SPACE SCIENCE. - HOLT, RINEHART..
Journey into the Earth
The Usborne little encyclopedia of our world
Magmas, rocks and planetary development : a survey of magma / igneous rock systems
Strange but true!
It's been 21 days since the hundred landed on Earth. They're the only humans to set foot on the planet in centuries...or so they thought. Facing an unknown enemy, the hundred struggle to survive the only way they can--together, as secrets are revealed, beliefs are challenged, and relationships are tested / Library of Congress.
The Earth : its birth and growth
How to turn your parents green
Sports injuries in Finnish elite cross-country skiers, swimmers, long-distance runners and soccer players
My first book of science
The earth : its shape, internal structure and composition ; The earth's magnetic field
The earth's climate : past and future
The age of miracles
Why space matters to me
Harlan Ellison's 7 against chaos
Birthing a new civilization : transition to the new golden age in 2032
The water of life : our planet's most valuable resource
What on earth happened?
The blue planet : an introduction to earth system science
Solar variations, climatic change and related geophysical problems
The infinite sea
Understanding earth
Report on planet three and other speculations
What happens when an ice cap melts?
The God species : how the planet can survive the age of humans
Building planet Earth
Astronomy
The battles of Bridget Lee : invasion of Farfall
My very first our world book
The global climate system review : climate system monitoring ..
"With the scope of Dune and the commercial action of Independence Day, this near-future trilogy is the first chance for English-speaking readers to experience this multple-award-winning phenemonenon from China's most beloved science fiction author. Set against the backdrop of China's Cultural Revolution, a secret military project sends signals into space to establish contact with aliens. An alien civilization on the brink of destruction captures the signal and plans to invade Earth. Meanwhile, on Earth, different camps start forming, planning to either welcome the superior beings and help them take over a world seen as corrupt, or to fight against the invasion. The result is a science fiction masterpiece of enormous scope and vision"
Surface waves and discontinuities
Asimov's guide to science. Volume 1 : The physical sciences
The earth's core
Our future earth : how the planet will change in the next 100,000 years
Energetics of the earth
Our Future Earth : the next 100,000 years of life on earth
Polar motion : historical and scientific problems : proceedings of IAU Colloquium 178 held in Cagliari, Sardinia, Italy, 27-30 September 1999
Structure of the earth
Atlas of adventures
A rough ride to the future
2012 and beyond
The ultimate book of science : everything you need to know
A short history of nearly everything
Highest mountain deepest ocean : a pictorial compendium of natural wonders
A passage of stars
Water on earth : physicochemical and biological properties
When the blue shift comes
Children's encyclopedia : earth
The global climate
The dark forest
Earth
Round about the Earth : circumnavigation from Magellan to orbit
An introduction to global environmental issues
Disappearing world : the Earth's most extraordinary and endangered places
The adventures of Earth : climb, sail and explore our amazing planet
Dynamic earth : plates, plumes and mantle convection
"With the scope of Dune and the rousing action of Independence Day, this near-future trilogy is the first chance for English-speaking readers to2 8xperience this multple-award-winning phenemonenon from China's most beloved science fiction author. In Dark Forest, Earth is reeling from the revelation of a coming alien invasion--in just four centuries' time. The aliens' human collaborators may have been defeated, but the presence of the sophons, the subatomic particles that allow Trisolaris instant access to all human information, means that Earth's defense plans are totally exposed to the enemy. Only the human mind remains a secret. This is the motivation for the Wallfacer Project, a daring plan that grants four men enormous resources to design secret strategies, hidden through deceit and misdirection from Earth and Trisolaris alike. Three of the Wallfacers are influential statesmen and scientists, but the fourth is a total unknown. Luo Ji, an unambitious Chinese astronomer and sociologist, is baffled by his new status. All he knows is that he's the one Wallfacer that Trisolaris wants dead"-- Provided by publisher
The awakening earth : the global brain
The earth : its origin, history, and physical constitution
