http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11851 social enterprises
social enterprises
SMEs, entrepreneurship and innovation
The social economy : building inclusive economies
Corporate Social Responsibility: Approaches and Criticism
A better world, Inc. : how companies profit by solving global problems ... where governments cannot
Social responsibility, entrepreneurship and the common good : international and interdisciplinary perspectives
PIST3POINTS concept : building social business excellency. Vol. 2
The many faces of social enterprise : published for the Research Conference on Social Enterprise, arranged by FinSern on 14 November 2013.
The entrepreneurial linguist : the business-school approach to freelance translation
Social entrepreneurship : what everyone needs to know
Common power : social enterprises and renewable energy
Social media marketing communications plan for a B2B company
The main social media outlets used in business to business marketing : Case Study: Viexpo
Ethical team leadership : as construed by Finnish managers
Social entrepreneurship : new models of sustainable social change
How can companies build and maintain trust in social media?
Advancing the Application of Digital Marketing in Irish SMEs. Case company: English Language Ireland
Social media and their marketing influence, a necessity for the development of French SMEs?
Hotel pricing in a social world : driving value in the digital economy
Complexity science and social entrepreneurship : adding social value through systems thinking
Social media in international brand communication of SMEs : a multiple case study of small Finnish design-intensive companies
Social entrepreneurship and social business : an introduction and discussion with case studies
Social entrepreneurship perspectives : triangulated approaches to hybridity
The introvert entrepreneur : amplify your strengths and create success on your own terms in ten steps
Utilizing Social Media in Marketing and in Strengthening the Corporate Image
Digital Communications Plan: Seek Tapahtumasuunnittelu
Abstract.
SIPS conference book : SIPS transnational partnership
Understanding and measuring social entrepreneurship
Business in action
Social enterprise : a comparison between Finland and the UK
Social economy and social entrepreneurship
Elephant in the room : how relationships make or break the success of leaders and organizations
Corporate social responsibility reporting in large listed Vietnamese companies
Socially inclusive business : engaging the poor through market initiatives in Iberoamerica
Social entrepreneurship : the art of mission-based venture development
Adding value to public procurement
The European Commission’s Social Business Initiative in Terms of Finland : Evaluating the Strengths and Weaknesses of the Social Business Initiative in Relation to Finland’s Environment for Social Entrepreneurship
Wiki management : a revolutionary new model for a rapidly changing and collaborative world
Social entrepreneurship : to act as if and make a difference
People's utility bicycle project
Social enterprise : accountability and evaluation around the world
Evaluating corporate social media use : on facebook, twitter and blogs
How Finnish companies use social media in China, and are cultural differences taken into account?
Interpersonal communication competence and collaborative interaction in SME internationalization
An introduction to social entrepreneurship : voices, preconditions, contexts
Strategic tools for social entrepreneurs : Enchancing the Performance of your Enterprising Nonprofit
Synthesis (s. 9-27).
Creating a website for a small business
Social Media as a Marketing Tool for a Small Business
Good practice in social entrepreneurship : learning from each other
Social entrepreneurship : leveraging economic, political, and cultural dimensions
Profits with principles : seven strategies for delivering value with values
Not just for the sake of a report : enhancing corporate social responsibility reporting by involving stakeholders
Social entrepreneurship : a skills approach
Using corporate social responsibility to enhance value.
Creating trust in institutions in Russian forest localities
A business enabling network : a case study of a high-tech network : its concepts, elements and actors
Role of Social Media for Cosmetic Surgery
Accountability and social accounting for social and non-profit organizations
Corporate Social Responsibility and the Values in Schwartz Value Theory : Case: Botnia Events
The changing boundaries of social enterprises
The Marketing-Orientated Business Plan for a Company-To-Be, Case: Lauriida
Social entrepreneurship : a modern approach to social value creation
Social Service Entrepreneurship As a Context for Entrepreneurial Activity
Abstract: Processing of social media post in contact centers. This Master's Thesis explores different aspects of social media use in companies and pro-poses a model for processing social media posts in contact centers.    A social media can be used as a tool for customer service and a new channel for customer to contact a company. When the number of social media posts increases, the company must address this challenge. For this purpose, the company needs guidelines and devel-oped processes for handling social media posts.  This study was launched due to the new social media engagement products in contact center solutions. These products are new and their practical implementations are still largely absent. The aim of this Thesis is to make a proposal how social media posts can be processed in contact centers.    This study was carried out by collecting data through semi-structured interviews from companies operating in different industries. The data were analyzed, and based on the analyses, a model was suggested. The developed model was then discussed with contact center experts.    The result of this Thesis is a model for processing social media posts in contact centers. This model is formed taking into account the customer, the process and the economic as-pects. The suggested model can be further modified to serve those companies use, which intend to process social media post in their contact centers..
International business-society management : linking corporate responsibility and globalization
The social entrepreneur pyramid : with a Nordic perspective on social entrepreneurship
"In recent years, building a corporate online presence has become nonnegotiable for businesses, as consumers expect to connect with them in as many ways as possible. There are benefits to companies that use online technology, but there are risks as well. Managing Online Risk presents the tools and resources needed to better understand the security and reputational risks of online and digital activity, and how to mitigate those risks to minimize potential losses. Managing Online Risk highlights security and risk management best practices that address concerns such as data collection and storage, liability, recruitment, employee communications, compliance violations, security of devices (in contexts like mobile, apps, and cloud computing), and more. Additionally, this book offers a companion website that was developed in parallel with the book and includes the latest updates and resources for topics covered in the book"--
An exploration of the interplay between social responsibility, entrepreneurship and the common good. A plethora of books deal with corporate social responsibility alone, social entrepreneurship alone or to a lessen extent with the concept of common good. However no other book has developed an interdisciplinary reflection to analyze the dynamics between these three concepts. Authors from all around the world have contributed to this analysis which is organized in four sections: business and the common good; educating responsible entrepreneurs; corporate social responsibility (CSR) challenges and the common good; and CSR and entrepreneurship in emerging economies.
Internationalization pathways of family SMEs
Summary (s. 56-57).
A study of social entrepreneurship : what part does opportunity creation and profit play in the field of social entrepreneurship?
Social business : theory, practice, and critical perspectives
The winner of the Nobel Peace Prize outlines his vision for a new business model that combines the power of free markets with the quest for a more humane world--and he tells the inspiring stories of companies that are doing this work today. In the last two decades, free markets have swept the globe, bringing with them enormous potential for positive change. But traditional capitalism cannot solve problems like inequality and poverty, because it is hampered by a narrow view of human nature in which people are one-dimensional beings concerned only with profit. In fact, human beings have many other drives and passions, including the spiritual, the social, and the altruistic. Welcome to the world of social business, where the creative vision of the entrepreneur is applied to today's most serious problems: feeding the poor, housing the homeless, healing the sick, and protecting the planet.--From publisher description.
Values and opportunities in social entrepreneurship
Utilizing social media in a tourism company
Trends and challenges for co-operatives and social enterprises in developed and transition countries
Social enterprise and the third sector : changing European landscapes in a comparative perspective
Emerging Opportunities for NGO-Business Partnerships: Creating Partnerships for Igbo Women Forum in Nigeria
Civil society
Digitization of the communication and its implications for marketing
Partnership with companies as a strategic choice for fundraising
Corporate social irresponsibility & electronic word of mouth : case Volkswagen emissions crisis
Social entrepreneurship : theory and practice
A firm's activity in social media and its relationship with corporate reputation, firm size and firm performance
Corporate Responsibility Reporting on the Consumer Perspective : Case: Coca-Cola Company
Social added value approaches
Development of a social auditing management system to measure responsibility in a supply chain : Case Company: Pramia
Can corporate social responsibility (CSR) be recruited? : an insight to future employees' values and perceptions on attractive employers
The Impact of Corporate Social Responsibility on Financial Performance : Case: Airtel Ghana Limited
Developing and establishing a blogger outreach strategy : case ElämysLahjat.fi
Social innovation in the private sector : evaluating the effectiveness of the business model canvas in fostering social value creation
Stakeholder theory : the state of the art
Scaling up business solutions to social problems : a practical guide for social and corporate entrepeneurs
The search for social entrepreneurship
The current international financial system has created a huge gap between the wealthy and the rest. Grounded and straightforward in his approach, Brahm calls for a turn away from economic systems dangerously steeped in ideology and stymied by politics, outlining a new global consensus based on pragmatism, common sense, and grass-roots realities.
The landscape of social entrepreneurship in Vietnam
The new social entrepreneurship : what awaits social entrepreneurial ventures?
The business solution to poverty : designing products and services for three billion new customers
PIST3POINTS concept : building social business excellency. Vol. 1
Social entrepreneurship business models : incentive strategies to catalyze public goods provision
The communication of social and environmental performance to discharge stakeholder accountability : a case study of Talvivaara Mining Company Limited
The commissioner of this thesis, ebrand Suomi Oy, is a digital media agency possessing significant ability and knowledge of social media but they have trouble communicating this value for the customers even though they have a good presence in social media. The objective of this thesis is to develop a proper social media marketing communications plan for ebrand Suomi Oy, which could eventually be turned into a product package that the commissioner could offer to customers. Even though social media is becoming more important in people's daily lives, the main emphasis has been on the consumer side, which is why it is very relevant and timely to consider social media marketing communications from a B2B perspective. The theoretical section consists of the basic concepts of marketing before focusing on how to deliver value to customers via relationship marketing and integrated marketing communications, after which, social media marketing is discussed. Supported by this theory, the actions required of ebrand Suomi Oy to improve their marketing communications on each of the chosen social media channels will be presented. The research methods are qualitative and desktop research was applied when the theoretical background was conducted while using highly topical references. The final result of this thesis is a social media marketing communications plan. It will provide the means to become a thought leader in the industry while generating leads and building stronger relationships with current and future customers. The thesis also examines the somewhat unfamiliar aspect of social media in B2B use and provides insight on why social media is just as efficient in B2B use, as it is in the consumer industry.The plan might prove slightly difficult for ebrand to follow, as they might not possess the required resources to fully implement it. A recommendation considering this problem has been made to hire internships to provide content and monitor the efficiency of the plan. To aid in the implementation of the plan, a year clock of activities was composed which should prove useful when implementing the plan. It should be noted that with slight alterations, this marketing communications plan can be utilised for both B2C and B2B companies.
Understanding social entrepreneurship : the relentless pursuit of mission in an ever changing world
Processing of social media posts in contact centers
Getting beyond better : how social entrepreneurship works
An investigation of wiki as a company’s communication and knowledge management tool
New opportunities for co-operatives : new opportunities for people : proceedings of the 2011 ICA Global Research Conference, 24-27 August 2011, Mikkeli, Finland
Corporate Social Responsibility from Employ-ees’ Point of View in Radisson Blu Leeds: Training, Healthcare and Communication
In 1984, R. Edward Freeman published his landmark book, Strategic Management: A Stakeholder Approach, a work that set the agenda for what we now call stakeholder theory. In the intervening years, the literature on stakeholder theory has become vast and diverse. This book examines this body of research and assesses its relevance for our understanding of modern business. Beginning with a discussion of the origins and development of stakeholder theory, it shows how this corpus of theory has influenced a variety of different fields, including strategic management, finance, accounting, management, marketing, law, health care, public policy, and environment. It also features in-depth discussions of two important areas that stakeholder theory has helped to shape and define: business ethics and corporate social responsibility. The book concludes by arguing that we should re-frame capitalism in the terms of stakeholder theory so that we come to see business as creating value for stakeholders.
Digital Marketing Strategy for B2B : Case Study: Smurfit Kappa Pirkan Pakkaus Oy
Decent work : promising practices in the employment of people with disabilities from Sweden, Denmark, Estonia, and Finland
Benefits of social media marketing for small businesses
The motivational values of social entrepreneurs
Understanding digital marketing : marketing strategies for engaging the digital generation
"There are certain kinds of people who garner enormous satisfaction from successfully taking on a "mission impossible" and, by so doing, actually manage to change the world, sometimes in surprising ways. Such individuals are rare, and when we become aware of them and their astonishing achievements, we observe that they cannot easily be pigeonholed or defined by their own circumstances, that is to say, they are the products of rural as well as urban areas; of developing as well as developed countries; of large cities as well as remote areas; they may be Gurkhas from the Himalayan Mountains or Maasais from East Africa. They may be well-known figures, such as Mohammad Yunus recipient of the 2006 Nobel Peace Prize, or anonymous, unrecognized teachers from small villages. The question then becomes: If they are such a diverse group, what characteristics do they have in common, which allow us to identify them under one unifying rubric? And which of these shared attributes distinguish them from other social activists? These are the underlying questions that inform the book".
Social enterprises as labour market measure
Abstract: In the PR and Communications industry there has been a dramatic shift in the effectiveness of bought channels vs. earned media. The client of this research project, Miltton Oy has developed its PR and Communications business by focusing on earned media models successfully over the last 10 years. Miltton sees social media as the fastest growing earned media channel. Miltton Oy has expressed interest in finding how corporations can better use social media in corporate communications. While Finnish companies have been slower to accept social media, the situation is changing and they need to keep up with it. The research answers the question: "How can companies build and maintain trust in social media?". It has the purpose of providing the client with findings that can be used for pitching innovative social media consulting to potential customers. The research questions help the client clarify why social media is important for business and what are the best ways to utilize it taking into consideration the changing marketplace. The significance of the differences between web 1.0 and web 2.0 technologies are researched as an initial step. Furthermore the nature of web 2.0 as a dual way channel for communication is emphasized. It is apparent that traditional businesses must adapt to the increased liberalization of social media and adopt a different approach. Evidence suggests that instead of being focused on their products and services companies should try to build long lasting relationships with their clients. Different reasons for companies to enter the social media marketplace were explored. Companies pursue specific goals and try to extend their business operations in a new channel. Social media is utilized by companies for branding and reputation management, marketing and advertising, community management and customer service. Corporate communications are often incorporated in brand management. The findings indicated that marketing is used less and companies are orienting to build more honest relationships with their customers. Determining success factors and measuring them was the second area explored in more detail. Engagement proved to be a factor that companies consider very important. Furthermore it became apparent that ROI is difficult to measure in social media, as the quantitative metrics used fail to illustrate why conversations happen and what their sentiment and outcome is. Primarily quantitative in its nature ROI focuses on deriving the business value for activities and while a study proves that there is a correlation between financial performance and social media engagement the cause of that relationship is not causal. However a pattern was observed that 7 of the top engaging brands in social media utilize a customer mindset to conduct a healthy business cycle. Thirdly the amount of time and effort that companies spend developing their social media presence was examined. A minimum amount of 5-6 hours proved to be the common way of experimenting and integrating social media within businesses at a very basic level. A classification by Owyang and Altimeter Group showed that initial budgets of companies are quite modest while more experienced and mature companies were using almost the same amounts. Finally to put everything into the perspective of the Finnish market a consumer research on trust provided by the client of this research project was used. The main trust building factors for Finns were personal recommendations, having positive brand experience, brands being proactive, brands providing value not for the purpose of sales alone and being honest and transparent. These key findings helped bind the research together and devise an action plan that companies can use for their social media efforts in the Finnish market. It became apparent that in order to build trust through social media companies should concentrate on developing transparent and honest relationships with clients. Rather than pushing its marketing and advertising to the consumer the company would instead become attractive and pull people to its brand. The research showed social media is the correct platform for those trust factors. In order to fulfill them, companies would have to think less of what their brand wants to say and focus on what its stakeholder groups and clients would like to talk about and develop relationships around those conversations taking place in social media. As a conclusion it can be said that the marketplace has changed and people do not feel obliged to do business with brands just because of their image. Honest and transparent relationships can help brands become friends with their clients and establish trust. Social media is best suited as a relationship building tool, rather than a marketing tool. Through those relationships brands can become attractive enough for people to seek them out themselves.
Analysis of socio-economic impact of Konkola Copper Mine (KCM) on the mining community in Zambia : a case study of Chingola Town
Employees' understanding of corporate responsibility and Kesko's CSR principles
The non-profit sector in a changing economy
The search for community : from utopia to a co-operative society
Fusion economics : how pragmatism is changing the world
Understanding social enterprise : theory & practice
Social entrepreneurship and enterprise : concepts in context
International perspectives on social entrepreneurship
Adding value through social media : case Autokiila
Corporate social responsibility : national public policies in the European Union
Corporate Social Responsibility Implementation by Vietnamese Enterprises : case: Vinamilk Corp. & Kinh Do Corp.
Utilizing Social Media in a Tourism Company
Knowledge transfer in requirements engineering in collaborative product development
Abstract: The European Commission's social business initiative in terms of Finland : evaluating the strengths and weaknesses of the social business initiative in relation to Finland's environment for social entrepreneurship. The objective of this paper is to investigate the environment for Social Entrepreneurship in Finland in terms of the European Commission's Social Business Initiative introduced in November 2011. The Social Business Initiative presents eleven key actions for creating a favourable environment for social enterprises. These key actions contain measures divided under funding, visibility and the legal environment for social enterprises. The intention of this thesis is to evaluate the Social Business Initiative and bring forth its biggest strengths and weaknesses within the context of the Finnish environment for social entrepreneurship. Qualitative research was conducted for the thesis including a semi-structured interview with the Head of Development of the Association for Finnish Work. The interview enabled the thesis to examine the situation of social entrepreneurship in Finland with deeper insight. Investigating reports – this including especially reports by the Finnish Ministry of Employment and the Economy on social entrepreneurship – was also an essential part of the implemented research. Since the topic holds a strong interconnection to the European Commission, the stands and work of the Commission were also investigated. It was found that many of the measures introduced in the European Commission's Social Business Initiative such as funding through structural funds, introducing societal criteria in public procurement and strengthening EU community programmes could be and are especially useful for promoting social entrepreneurship in Finland and have already been quite well established. In turn, the key actions also show weaknesses in the applicability of introducing new legislation and the capabilities for introducing social criteria in public procurement. This paper will first present the concept and definition of social entrepreneurship in relation to the EU and in Finland, then explain the key actions of the Social Business Initiative and lastly tie this in with the context of the Finnish environment.
Assessing social impact of social enterprises : does one size really fit all?
Social innovation : solutions for a sustainable future
The social economy : international perspectives on economic solidarity
Social media in business-to-business companies' innovation
Social entrepreneurship and social enterprises : Nordic perspectives
Inside social enterprise : looking to the future
Entrepreneurship in the social sector
Appropriation by coloniality : TNCs, land, hegemony and resistance : the case of Botnia/UPM in Uruguay
Writing skills for public relations : style and technique for mainstream and social media
Design when social enterprises arise : design for sustainable development in Guatemala through social enterprises
Common good : sustainable and transparent business
Social firms in Europe : some practical aspects
Corporate responsibility and regional development
Humanizing the economy : co-operatives in the age of capital
Entrepreneurship
Managing and measuring social enterprises
Development plan for the utilization of social media : Case: Zilivonkkelis Lp
Entrepreneurial business opportunity recognition : relationships between intellectual and social capital, environmental dynamism, opportunity recognition behavior, and performance
A CSR awareness program to enhance capacity building in good governance of multi-cultural employees and safe operations : good governance of multi-cultural safety : IAMU 2014 Research Project : (No. 20140203)
Management for social enterprise
Immigrants as entrepreneurs : experiences of multicultural co-operatives
Corporate social responsibility : can markets control?
Social ventures : the theory of sustainable contributive advantage and initial empirical tests
People's economy : wirtschaft von unten : approaches towards a new social economy in Europe
Vietnam is a developing country with a fast growing economy. With the Government s economics freedom renovation program starts to be effective, the private sector has been blooming. Despite this fact, Vietnam is still a country with many social problems, particularly poverty. For a long time, these social problems are largely targeted by development programs from non-profit organisations. A question arises, about whether businesses and development programs can be combined in order to tackle these problems. This thesis aims to show if this combination is possible or in other words, whether “social entrepreneurship” has the environment and conditions to spawn and grow in Vietnam.  The research looks at the social entrepreneurship field in Vietnamese in three aspects: the sources of social business opportunities, the organisation models of social entrepreneurship and the organisations which support the development of social entrepreneurship in Vietnam. In order to answer the research questions, a theoretical review was conducted about social entrepreneurship definitions, social business opportunity model and models of social entrepreneurship. Based on the theoretical framework, secondary data was gathered for the empirical analysis. The thesis is written as a market research for Feelovation, a Finnish start-up company that supports the development of social entrepreneurship through researching, training, consulting and coaching services. This research gives Feelovation a current view about the status of social entrepreneurship, as well as other social entrepreneurship promoters in Vietnam. From there recommendations about partnerships and how Feelovation should operate in Vietnam are presented.
Social Media - Brand Building Tool
Supported path to employment : social entrepreneurshop is a resource
Enterprise social networking : monitoring driving forces, trends and weak signals - the implications for the futures working environment
Marketing management for nonprofit organizations
Social media in employer brand communication: Focus on SMEs in Finland. Case study: Smarp Oy
Music goes social! : music startups' viewpoints on marketing communications, social media and music industry
The tipping point in the Finnish social media start-up companies
"Who really moves things forward in our society and how do they do it? How have they always done it? Strategy guru Roger Martin and Skoll Foundation CEO Sally Osberg make a compelling argument that social entrepreneurs are agents of change who recognize, in our current reality, various kinds of "equilibria"-systems in need of change-and then advance social progress by transforming these systems, ultimately replacing what exists with a new equilibrium. Seen in this light, social entrepreneurship is not a marginal activity, but one that unleashes new value for society by releasing untapped human ambition. The book begins with a probing and useful theory of social entrepreneurship, moving through history to illuminate what it is, how it works, and the nature of its role in modern society. The authors then set out a framework for understanding how successful social entrepreneurs actually go about producing transformative change. There are four key stages: understanding the world; envisioning a better future; building a model for change; and scaling the solution. With both depth and nuance, Martin and Osberg offer rich examples and stories, and share lessons and tools applicable to everyone who aspires to drive positive change, whatever the context. Getting Beyond Better offers a bold new framework demonstrating how and why meaningful change actually happens in the world, and offering concrete lessons and a practical model for businesses, policy-makers, and civil society organizations to generate new value, again and again. "--
MNC making sense of global customer relationships
Social entrepreneurship : how to start successful corporate social responsibility and community-based initiatives for advocacy and change
℗Social Innovation is becoming an increasingly important topic in our global society. Those organizations which are able to develop business solutions to the most urgent social and ecological challenges will be the leading companies of tomorrow. Social Innovation not only creates value for society but will be a key driver for business success. Although the concept of Social Innovation is discussed globally the meaning and its impact on the development of new business strategies is still heavily on debate. This publication has the goal to give a comprehensive overview of different concepts in t.
Managing online risk : apps, mobile, and social media security
An investigation of the growth perceptions of social enterprices : a study of 15 Finnish social enterprises and their relationship to growth
Social entrepreneurship for the 21st century : innovation across the nonprofit, private, and public sectors
Essentials of strategic management
Environmental and social impact assessment with public participation : a company's view
The European Commission's social business initiative in terms of Finland : evaluating the strengths and weaknesses of the social business initiative in relation to Finland's environment for social entrepreneurship
Summary (s. 13-24).
Towards a social enterprise ecosystem : establishing legal, financial and business development frameworks in the European context
Social enterprise : developing sustainable businesses
Third sector performance : management and finance in not-for-profit and social enterprises
The social innovation imperative : create winning products, services, and programs that solve society's most pressing challenges
Abstract: Social media and their marketing influence, a necessity for the development of French SMEs? Nowadays social networks are part of our lives, professional and personal. Over the past few years with the success created by social web and social networks, a lot of professionals are using these new tools for their marketing campaign. More and more professionals focus on developing the presence of their product or services on social networks and get huge opportunities to boost their sales and improve their range. A lot of big companies have been using this new marketing policy, but more and more SMEs are taking the step too. By marketing we heard that it is the ensemble of actions realized by a company with the goal of promoting a product, good and boost their comercial activity. The main goal is to create a newtork of customers and improve their loyalty. The webmarketing is based on the same rules, with similar objectives, but using internet and the communication tools. The social marketing gathers tools and buisness ethics to identify and analyse the conversations between them. The social networks allow people to connect themselves in a community and with main interests, so they can share their opinions and advices.
Big data in practice : how 45 successful companies used big data analytics to deliver extraordinary results
Social enterprise : at the crossroads of market, public policies and civil society
The development and management of interpersonal trust in a business network in health, exercise, and wellbeing markets
Understanding social enterprise : theory and practice
The role of interactive networks in the creation and growth of accelerator-startups
The main aim of this study is to investigate market opportunities for a sustainable solution to inadequate project grants and funding for Joensuu Family House. Joensuu Family House is a strategic not-for-profit Non-Governmental Organization (NGO). For this reason, it depends on the goodwill of donor agencies, individuals and corporate organizations, particularly the Finnish Raha-automaattiyhdistys (RAY). This study provides strategic means through partnership with companies to attain a relative financial security for the NGO. The execution of this study comprised of an electronic questionnaire which was emailed to some companies located in North Karelia, face to face interviews with key officials of the Save the Children, Lähiötalo and Joensuu Family House (Perheentalo) in Finland. Ananalysis of secondary data obtained from online databases is included as well. The result of the study shows that there are companies interested in a Joensuu Family House partnership initiative. Although the NGO’s main focus is to obtain financial partnership, most companies are willing to volunteer their services as well as products. However, most of the companies are willing to partner up because of several otherreasons.
Attitudes toward CSR : the attitudes of Finnish trade unions' representatives toward corporate social responsibility practices
Sustainable welfare in a regional context
The right to decent work of persons with disabilities
Non-market entrepreneurship : interdisciplinary approaches
Creating a world without poverty : social business and the future of capitalism
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
"Entrepreneurs who need to find the solutions to key challenges will turn to Bygrave. The second edition explores the trials and tribulations of entrepreneurship so that they'll have the necessary tools to start their own businesses. It offers new coverage on social enterprises and ethics due to the rise in green trends and corporate scandals. A new chapter has been added on entrepreneurial selling that examines how to sell to multiple stakeholders. New case studies have also been added to several chapters to provide more relevant views. In addition, updated examples and references are included to provide entrepreneurs with the most useful information."--
Delivering effective social customer service : how to redefine the way you manage customer experience and your corporate reputation
To enter or not to enter is not the question : a qualitative inquiry into the career experiences of next generation family members
Business and community : on organisations in the social economy
ROI of social media : how to improve the return on your social marketing investment
The sustainable enterprise : profiting from best practice
Winning strategies for the Indian market
Summary (s. 9-21).
Marketing in Finnish social enterprises
