http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11885 corporate taxation
corporate taxation
Contested takeovers in Danish law : a comparative analysis based on a law and economics approach
Transfer pricing and multinational enterprises : three taxation issues : reports of the OECD Committee on fiscal affairs 1984.
An alternative corporation tax : implications for efficiency of investment and valuations of shares
Boyle and Birds' company law
European Union corporate tax law
Administration of fiscal regimes for petroleum exploration and development
Fundamentals of investing
The E.E.C. merger and parent-subsidiary directives of 23 July 1990 in practice : their implementation in Belgium, France, Germany, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom
The European company statute
Corporate control and parent firms' liability for their controlled foreign subsidiaries : a study on the regulation of corporate conduct
Tax neutrality : illusion or reality? : the case of entrepreunership
Legal aspects on doing business in Finland 1988.
The dividend concept in international tax law : dividend payments between corporate entities
Legal aspects of doing business in Western Europe : pocket supplement April 1987.
Company tax systems in OECD member countries
A common consolidated corporate tax base for Europe = Eine einheitliche Körperschaftsteuerbemessungsgrundlage für Europa
Tax aspects of doing business in Finland
Tax incentives of corporate mergers and foreign direct investments
Company taxation in the internal market : Commission staff working paper, COM( 2001) 582 final
Taxation of investment funds in the European Union
Securities markets
Transfer pricing, double taxation and the cost of capital
Doing business in Finland : taxation, accounting
The entrepreneurial circumstances for small medium enterprises within Estonia : a legal perspective
CFC legislation : domestic provisions,  tax treaties and EC law
Failures in corporate governance : can the corporation tax improve efficiency?
Englanninkielinen yhteenveto: The taxation of interest payments between associated enterprises.
National tax policy in Europe : to be or not to be?
Investment in Finland
"How does EU law affect Member State corporate tax systems and the cross-border activities of companies? This unique study traces the historical development of EU corporate tax law and provides an in-depth analysis of a number of issues affecting companies, groups of companies and permanent establishments. Existing legislation, soft-law and the case-law of the Court of Justice are examined. The proposed CCCTB Directive and its potential application through enhanced co-operation are also considered. In addition to the tax issues pertaining to direct investment, the author examines the taxation of passive investment income, corporate reorganisations, exit taxes and the restrictive effect of domestic anti-abuse regimes. By doing so, the convergences and divergences arising from the interplay of EU corporate tax law and international tax law, especially the OECD model, are uncovered and highlighted"--
Is the limited company a better option than direct ownership when leasing residences and premises?
Advance pricing agreements : past, present and future
Multinational investment in developing countries : a study of taxation and nationalization
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 13, Business and private organizations : chapter 11, taxation of business organizations
Taxation of UK corporate investment in the US
Personal investing : the missing manual
Corporate taxation in EC countries 1990-91
China Business 2.0 : analyze the economy, understand the society, and manage effectively
Earnings management in response to corporate tax rate changes : essays on private firms
Survey of the implementation of the EC corporate tax directives
Dynamic dividend behaviour of Finnish firms and dividend decision under dual income taxation
Business law in Europe : legal, tax and labour aspects of business operations in the ten European Community countries and Switzerland
Essays on taxation : evidence from tax reforms
Tax havens for international business
Base company taxation
Tax aspects of doing business in Finland : including summary of financial statements
Base companies in multinational corporate structures : a comparative study of anti avoidance legislation and its impact on investment location and competitiveness
Classical corporation tax as a global means of tax harmonisation
Foreign direct investment in competing host countries : a study of taxation and nationalization
Finnish international taxation
Dividend taxes and decisions of MNEs : evidence from a Finnish tax reform
Corporate taxation in EU countries
Conclusions (s. 233-238).
Effects of equalization tax on multinational investments and transfer pricing
The taxation consequences of Scandinavian mutual fund investments and after-tax performance evaluation
Cross-border corporate planning : structuring of a Finnish SME's establishment in Estonia
Multinational enterprises : legal and management structures and interrelationship with ownership, control, antitrust, labor, taxation and disclosure
Conclusion (s. 62).
On the applicability of the Finnish CFC-regime particularly in the context of European tax law and the Cadbury Schwebbes case
Internal market : current status 1 January 1993. Volume 2, Conditions for business cooperation : public procurement : internal market for energy
Summary.
Corporate acquisitions and mergers in France d ; practical guide to the legal, financial and administrative implications
EC company law : the common denominator for business undertakings in 12 states
Cross-border dividends : allocation of the right to tax distribution of profits in the light of different taxation systems : a Finnish aspect
Doing business with Latin America
International accounting and multinational enterprises
A foreign investor in the Baltics : a legal study about the possibilities of a foreign investor to begin business activity and obtain real estate in the Baltics
Avenir guide to Russian taxes
Finnish companies act
European holding regimes 2008
Comparative study on corporate tax : prospect for harmonization in the ESCWA region
The direct investment tax initiatives of the European Community
Dual income taxation: The Choice of the Imputed Rate of Return
The taxation of corporations and shareholders
Cross-border mergers within the EU : proposals to remove the remaining tax obstacles
Report of the Committee of Independent Experts on Company Taxation
Multinational enterprises and the law
Establishment of a foreign-investment enterprise in the People's Republic of China
Tax and legal aspects of EC harmonisation
Legal aspects on doing business in Finland 1988
Corporations and partnerships in Denmark
China is entering a new stage of economic and societal development, called China 2.0, a new era that is characterized by China?s diminishing low-cost advantage and increased local competition. Succeeding in the China 2.0 era will require western managers to reposition their businesses. Inspired by their extensive experience in doing business in China, the authors present more than 40 key issues in a compact format suitable for time-constrained executives. The book covers the overall effects on the economy, highlights future challenges, gives first-hand advice on how to manage a business in China, and helps the reader to understand the Chinese culture. China Business 2.0 also contains valuable insight sections in which top executives and consultants share their on-the-ground-experiences in China. In addition, it features numerous practical tips that will help managers to be effective in China.
Tax neutrality : illusion or reality? : the case of entrepreneurship
Corporate actions : a guide to securities event management
Abstract (1 s.).
On inflation and neutrality of the corporation tax with special reference to the Finnish economy
Establishing and doing business in Finland
From Marks & Spencer to X Holding : the future of cross-border group taxation
The effects of the proposed dividend taxation policy of 2005 on shareholder's dividend income and comparison to Germany and USA
Cost of capital for crossborder investment : the fallacy of Estonia as a tax haven
The economic consequences of fiscal harmonization in Europe
Global corporate tax handbook 2007.
The determination of corporate taxable income in the EU member states
