http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11867 coping
coping
The invisible girls : a memoir
Breaking point
A transcultural view of women living with breast cancer : living with an uncertain certainty : a systematic literature review
As the daughter of a drug dealer, Wavy knows not to trust people, not even her own parents. It's safer to keep her mouth shut and stay out of sight. Struggling to raise her little brother, Donal, eight-year-old Wavy is the only responsible adult around. Obsessed with the constellations, she finds peace in the starry night sky above the fields behind her house, until one night her star gazing causes an accident. After witnessing his motorcycle wreck, she forms an unusual friendship with one of her father's thugs, Kellen, a tattooed ex-con with a heart of gold. By the time Wavy is a teenager, her relationship with Kellen is the only tender thing in a brutal world of addicts and debauchery. When tragedy rips Wavy's family apart, a well-meaning aunt steps in, and what is beautiful to Wavy looks ugly under the scrutiny of the outside world. Kellen may not be innocent, but he is the fixed point in Wavy and Donal's chaotic universe. Instead of playing it safe, Wavy has to learn to fight for Kellen, for her brother, and for herself.
"The third and final installment in the Passage trilogy. With The Twelve destroyed, many wonder if the threat to humankind also has vanished. But then a terrifying threat shudders the gates of the colony...and Amy - the girl who must save the world, Peter, Alicia, and Michael must at last confront their destinies"--
Coping with Schizophrenia
Widow’s guide to healing : gentle support and advice for the first 5 Years
The round house
Survival competencies in SMEs in changing business environments
The evil within : PS4
Minecraft : PlayStation 3
Research on work-related stress
Learning to cope
All the ugly and wonderful things : a novel
The Atlantis plague
The Paradise guest house : a novel
Fallout 3 : Xbox 360
The survivalist
Memory boy
Intermittent versus continuous androgen deprivation in patients with advanced prostate cancer : the FinnProstate study VII
Zombicide season 2 : Prison outbreak
Workplace violence against nursing personnel : a literature review
The Famous Five's survival guide : with the new unsolved mystery
Just get me through this! : a practical guide to coping with breast cancer
A long way home
Chinese students' perceptions of cooperative learning in Finland
The blasphemer
Alone. 5, Eye of the maelstrom
The dead lands
The girl who loved Tom Gordon
Five thousand years after a catastropic event sends a small surviving remnant of humanity into outer space, the progeny of those survivors--seven distinct races now three billion strong--embark on a journey into the unknown to return to Earth.
Ivan, Leila, Camille, Terry, Dodzi. Five children who have never met each other, who live very different lives in a small city. Then, one day, they all wake up in their empty homes, walk out into empty streets and wander through the empty city… No adults, no other children; just the five of them eventually finding each other, and forced to band together to face the inevitable questions – and the dangers of a modern city suddenly emptied of its inhabitants.
The heavenly table : a novel
SME surviving the global recession (SEK Oy)
Alone. 1 : The vanishing
Undead
Dragon Quest: builders : PS4
Watership Down
Alone. 3 : The clan of the shark
The island of monsters
Alone. 4 : The red cairns
Basic wilderness survival skills : build shelters, safety and first aid, fire building, forage, hunt and fish and much more
The mirror empire
UnWholly
Settlement process of Afghan immigrant women based on cultural perspective in Finland
Bright young things
The wild robot
Bird box
The Calling
Mister Cleghorn's seal
The Evil Within : PlayStation 4
College students' experiences of and coping with loneliness : possibilities of peer support
Southern cross the dog
Life story : many lives, one epic journey
The last Jews in Berlin
Memory boy : a novel
The survival game
The drowning game : a novel
The atlantis world
Effect of loneliness on elderly people's lives
Unemployment and employment policy at the local level : a comparative case study
Light
The unofficial Hunger games wilderness survival guide
Fallout 3 : PS3
Enhancing health resources among older people in the community using a salutogenesis-based intervention programme
Narrating coping experiences of necessity entrepreneurs
Extreme survival : wilderness, terrorism, air, sea, land
The cyclist who went out in the cold : adventures along the iron curtain trail
What she left behind
Meaningful life and survival in urban poverty : an ethnographic study on the dimensions of deprivation and anxiety and the coping strategies of a group of cooperative workers in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia
Mirror of our lives : voices of four igbo women
Swimming muscles of wild, trained and reared fish : aspects of contraction machinery and energy metabolism
After tomorrow
Izzy Stone struggles to solve the mysteries surrounding her mentally ill mother and discover a place to truly call home.
Last night on earth : The zombie game
Fallout 4 : Xbox One
When the doves disappeared : a novel
Robinson Crusoe
Nation
Into the still blue. Book 3, Under the Never Sky
Revisiting the buffers of job insecurity : investigating new buffering factors between perceived job insecurity and employee outcomes
Rebecca of Sunnybrook farm
Lost : the video game
Coping with problems in social interaction in Asperger's Syndrome : an investigation of persons with higher education
Rural development in Swat, Pakistan : understanding food and livelihood security in post-conflict contexts
Lone survivor : the eyewitness account of Operation Redwing and the lost heroes of SEAL Team 10
The undertaking
Alone. 6, The fourth dimension and a half
Countdown
Last man off : a true story of disaster and survival on the Antarctic seas
Minecraft : PlayStation 4
The mandibles : A Family, 2029–2047
A girl's guide to moving on
Trust as a strategy for handling uncertainty in private savings choices
Alive again : recovering from alcoholism and drug addiction
The Croods : prehistoric party! : Wii
Alice : madness returns : PlayStation 3
The shift omnibus
California : a novel
Living wild : the ultimate guide to scouting and fieldcraft
Fallout 4 : PS4
The crooked maid
Tracer
City of thieves
The Murder Complex
A transcultural view of women living with breast cancer: living with an uncertain certainty : a systematic literature review
Factors affecting outcome after primary intracerebral hemorrhage
White horse
The survivors
Quantifying regional variation in the survival of cancer patients
On the anniversary of the day his best friend, Byrd, had a tragic accident on the mountain which had been the boys' paradise and escape, Wolf Truly reaches for the summit again with the intention of not coming home. But Wolf meets three women in the cable car on the way up from Palm Springs and finds himself agreeing to help them get to a mountain lake. As the weather suddenly deteriorates, the group is stranded on a lethal ridge as the lights of the city twinkle below, so close and yet so terrifyingly far away. Those who will survive the ordeal will do so through a mixture of bravery, determination and self-revelation.
Fear
Dragon Quest : builders : PlayStation 4
The book thief
Way of the wolf
Coping with dyspraxia
Alone. 2 : The Master Of Knives
The walking dead board game : The best defense
UnSouled
In other rooms, other wonders
Bird Box : a novel
Things we have in common
On the broken shore
Crisis and renewal in one Finnish private school
Between shades of gray
State of Decay : Year-one Survival Edition : Xbox One
Home now
The summer I dared
Natural born heroes : how a daring band of misfits mastered the lost secrets of strength and endurance
The Evil Within : Xbox One
Breathe
The Bees : a novel
The mountain story
Change your name and disappear : a terrifying true tale of survival
A girl's guide to moving on : a novel
Minecraft : Xbox One, Xbox Live
Crushed! : explore forces and use science to survive
Swedish summary.
Roz the robot discovers that she is alone on a remote, wild island with no memory of where she is from or why she is there, and her only hope of survival is to try to learn about her new environment from the island's hostile inhabitants.
Dead space : extraction : Wii
The causes and consequences of population declines of two boreal forest species : the case of the willow tit (Parus montanus) and the Siberian flying squirrel (Pteromys volans)
The walking dead : the board game
Monsters of men
All fall down : a novel
An exploration of the psychological immune system in Hungarian gymnasts
Childhood in the shadow of war : filled with work and play
High resilience in the Yamal-Nenets social-ecological system, West Siberian Arctic, Russia
UnDivided
Too much happiness
Executive summary (s. 9-20).
The mark of the dragonfly
Coping Successfully with Pain
South
The death cure
A blight of mages
Cold earth
Abstract: Breast cancer is one of the main leading causes of death among women worldwide. In finland around 4 000 new cases are being diagnosed every year. Because the amount of foreigners is growing at the same time, part of these newly diagnosed cases are among foreign women. That is why we need to be more aware of their needs. The purpose of this literature review was to explore women's, whose cultural background varies, experiences of breast cancer and how they cope with it.    The literature review was based on scientific research articles. The data was collected by using a systematic literature review. The data was collected by using database search and manual search at the school libarary. Altogether 10 articles were found. The articles included studies from Pakistan, Brazil, United States, Norway, Chine, Iran, Chile, Australia and Lebanon. All of the 10 scientific articles were analyzed by using inductive content analysis.    The findings of this literature review showed many similarities among the women regardless of the women's origins. 'Time of diagnosis a huge shock' and 'wanting to hide the diagnosis' were themes that emerged from the majority of the studies. The countries where religion greatly influenced every day life, religion was concidered one of the main aspects of coping. Family's support was also mentioned as crucial during the coping period throughout the studies.    The articles showed that even the women, whose origins are the same, are not a homogeneous group, eventhough this literature review was concentrating more on the similarities women from different cultures have. Every woman is an individual and should always be treated according to her individual needs. Each woman diagnosed with breast cancer is an individual and that is why the experience is unique as well.
In a post-apocalyptic world where fences and border patrols guard the few people left from the zombies that have overtaken civilization, fifteen-year-old Benny Imura is finally convinced that he must follow in his older brother's footsteps and become a bounty hunter / WorldCat.
Examining effectiveness of an immigrant labor market integration intervention : the role of acculturation, discrimination, self-efficacy, outcome expectances, action and coping planning
Until Dawn : PlayStation 4
The dire Earth
Under the never sky
Safe harbour
The dark ground
The Maze Runner series complete collection
The city of mirrors : a novel
Functional limitations and quality of life in schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders
The Devil's workshop
Antifragile : things that gain from disorder
Good people
