http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11834 devil
devil
Witchcraft and folk belief in the age of enlightenment : Scotland 1670-1740
Two discourses about the Devil
The history of the Devil
Driven by the devil : popular constructions of youth satanist careers
The wish list
Black opera
The devil : a biography
Faustus and the promises of the new science, c. 1580-1730 : from the chapbooks to Harlequin Faustus
The devils and evil spirits of Babylonia : being Babylonian and Assyrian incantations against the demons, ghouls, vampires, hobgoblins, ghosts and kindred evil spirits, which attack mankind
Essays on Russian folklore and mythology
The sound of satan: different aspects of whispering in Islamic theology
The white devil : the werewolf in European culture
The black gentleman : manifestations of the devil in Estonian folk religion
"In this third book of the Sundering series kicked off by R.A. Salvatore and the dark elf Drizzt, SCRIBE award-winning author Erin M. Evans thrusts her signature character Farideh into a maelstrom of devilish politics and magical intrigue that will have far-reaching implications for the future of the Forgotten Realms.  As the chaos of the Sundering rages around her, young warlock Farideh faces a more personal turmoil wrought by a deal she made with a devil years ago. Hoping to protect her twin sister, she leaves everything she holds dear to assist a wizard in a scheme that pits the devils of the Nine Hells against the gods above.  But when Farideh casts the spell to enter the wizard's remote mountaintop fortress, she picks up a stowaway--a Harper agent named Dahl who isn't so inclined to follow devilish demands. Dahl attempts to escape only to run into a village of odd people, lurking behind an impenetrable wall.  Forced to gaze into the villagers' souls, Farideh points out the ones who seem different, only to watch as the wizard's guard carts them off to fates unknown. Are these villagers or prisoners? Are they blessed or doomed by the gods? As the wizard's guessing game proves more and more diabolical, Farideh resolves to unravel his secrets--even if it means she'll lose her own soul to the Nine Hells"--
Romantic Satanism : myth and the historical moment in Blake, Shelley, and Byron
The history of magic : including a clear and precise exposition of its procedure, its rites and its mysteries
The Devil, demonology, and witchcraft : the development of Christian beliefs in evil spirits
Heartless
Damned : an illustrated history of the Devil
Finnish summary.
A knight of the word
The good and evil serpent : how a universal symbol became christianized
The Devil's identity : on the problem of his pre-Christian prototype in Estonian mythology
Russian tales of demonic possession : translations of Savva Grudtsyn and Solomonia
Breaking strongholds in your city : how to use spiritual mapping to make your prayers more strategic, effective, and targeted
The devil
Encountering evil : live options in theodicy
The Devil's secret
The secret history of Lucifer : the ancient path to knowledge and the real Da Vinci code
Powers of good and evil : moralities, commodities, and popular belief
The devil in art
Lucifer. 11 : Evensong / Peter Gross ... [et al.], artists
Wish. 3
Dictionary of gods and goddesses, devils and demons
The God who acts : philosophical and theological explorations
The handbook for spiritual warfare
Lucifer : the devil in the Middle Ages
A history of the Devil
Eight prominent philosophers and theologians confront the problems posed by natural and human evil for theistic belief. Each thinker sets out his or her theodicy and its connections to current social and philosophical debates. The other contributors then offer critiques of each theodicy, to which its author subsequently responds. The result is a valuable introduction to philosophical and theological perspectives on contemporary evil and to the nature of discourse in the philosophy of religion.
The sacred history : how angels, mystics and higher intelligence made our world
Lucifer. Book one
Demons : visions of evil in art
In this examination of the questions posed by the problem of evil, John Feinberg addresses the intellectual and theological framework of theodicy. Beginning with a discussion of the logical problem of evil, he interacts with leading thinkers who have previously written on these themes.
A devil's vaudeville : the demonic in Dostoevsky's major fiction
Third grave dead ahead
Evil and the cross : an analytical look at the problem of pain
The Devil : a very short introduction
Lucifer. 6 : Mansions of the silence / Peter Gross ... [et al.], artists
"Providence, Evil and the Openness of God is a timely exploration of the philosophical implications of the rapidly growing theological movement known as open theism, or the "openness of God." William Hasker, one of the philosophers prominently associated with this movement, presents the strengths of this position in comparison with its main competitors: Calvinism, process theism and the theory of divine middle knowledge, or Molinism." "In this collection of essays, the author develops alternative approaches to the problem of evil and to the problem of divine action in the world. In particular, he argues that believers should not maintain the view that each and every evil that occurs is permitted by God as a means to a "greater good." He contends that open theism makes possible an emphasis on the personalism of divine-human interaction in a way that traditional views, with their heavy emphasis on divine control, cannot easily match. The book concludes with a section of replies to critics, in which many of the objections leveled against open theism are addressed." "Providence, Evil and the Openness of God will be essential reading for advanced students and academics in the fields of Philosophy, Philosophy of Religion and Theology."--BOOK JACKET.
Lucifer. Book two
Belief in devils and the image of devils in the 17th and 18th century Finnish art
Dance of the assassins
The return of the repressed : Pirqe de-Rabbi Eliezer and the Pseudepigrapha
A history of the devil : from the Middle ages to the present
The quest for the historical Satan
Chronicles of Wormwood
Wish. 4
Devilish greetings : vintage devil postcards
Satan, the prodigal son? : a family problem in the Bible
The devil as muse : Blake, Byron, and the adversary
The invention of satanism
The angel of history : a novel
"The Devil has fascinated Christians since the time of the New Testament, and inspired many haunting works of art. This Very Short Introduction looks at the Devil in the history of ideas and in the lives of real people. Darren Oldridge shows us that the Devil is an important figure in western history--a richly complex and contradictory one. Oldridge focuses on three main themes: the idea of the Devil being integral to western thought from the early Middle Ages to the beginnings of modernity; the belief that the Devil represents the mirror image of goodness; and the multiplicity and instability of ideas about the Devil. Oldridge concludes by exploring "demonological" ways of thinking in our own time, including allegations of "satanic ritual abuse.""--
Dictionary of deities and demons in the Bible (DDD)
Lucifer. Book four
The problem of evil and Indian thought
The purpose of the article is to outline Islamic discourses on sound, more particularly whispering, found in the Qur'ān, the ḥadīth literature and contemporary online fatwas, with the aim of determining whether whispering has different connotations and meanings in different contexts, literary genres and ritual contexts. Examples discussed in the article are derived from a broad range of Islamic sources, such as the Qur'ān and its exegesis and the prophetic literature, but also from a number of different fields within Muslim culture, such as the Internet, YouTube clips and notes from fieldwork among Muslim groups in Sweden. On the basis of the texts and videos selected for analysis, I discuss the belief that whispering has the potential to disturb and cause disorder, and is associated with Satan. Whispering is looked upon as an intermediate and therefore suspicious position, between silence and saying something out loud. More generally, whispering is closely associated with the negative effects of Satan's power over mankind.
The devils and evil spirits of Babylonia : being Babylonian and Assyrian incantations against the demons, ghouls, vampires, hobgoblins, ghosts and kindred evil spirits, which attack mankind. Vol. 2, Fever sickness and headache, etc
The Devil : a mask without a face
The affirmation that God acts in history has roots deep within the religious traditions of the West. The God depicted in biblical narrative is by no means a detached spectator, unconcerned with the course of events in the world. Rather, God engages human beings in and through their history, shaping the destinies of individuals and communities. While this way of thinking about God has profoundly shaped the theological imagination of the biblical religions, it has become a source of persistent puzzlement in modern theology. The rise of the natural sciences has demonstrated the power of understanding our world as governed by natural law, and this poses difficult questions about how God can be understood to act in a such a world. Furthermore, a compelling set of religious and ethical objections can be urged against the idea that God performs particular actions in history; the problem of evil arises here with great force. This book brings together a group of well-known philosophers and theologians for a sharply focused exchange on these crucial questions about the God who acts.
The language of demons and angels : Cornelius Agripppas̕ occult philosophy
Lucifer. 4 : The divine comedy / Peter Gross, Ryan Kelly, Dean Ormston, artists
Wish. 2
Demons and the devil in ancient and medieval Christianity
The adversary
Angels of light, powers of darkness : thinking biblically about angels, Satan & principalities
The Lucifer principle : a scientific expedition into the forces of history
Lucifer. 5 : Inferno / Peter Gross, Ryan Kelly, Dean Ormston, Craig Hamilton artists
Evil and the devil
Set over the course of one night in the waiting room of a psych clinic, The Angel of History follows Yemeni-born poet Jacob as he revisits the events of his life, from his maternal upbringing in an Egyptian whorehouse to his adolescence under the aegis of his wealthy father and his life as a gay Arab man in San Francisco at the height of AIDS. Hovered over by the presence of alluring, sassy Satan who taunts Jacob to remember his painful past and dour, frigid Death who urges him to forget and give up on life, Jacob is also attended to by 14 saints. Set in Cairo and Beirut; Sana'a, Stockholm, and San Francisco; Alameddine gives us a charged philosophical portrait of a brilliant mind in crisis. This is a profound, philosophical and hilariously winning story of the war between memory and oblivion we wrestle with every day of our lives.
The reality of the devil: evil in man
The history of the devil : the horned god of the west
Talbis iblis : (delusion of the devil). Vol. 1
Monsters : a bestiary of the bizarre
Roaring lion : vital turning point in Chinese Church growth in Indonesian Borneo
The mythical story of fallen angels preserved in 1 Enoch and related literature was influential during the Second Temple period. This myth, initially attested in the Enochic Book of Watchers and picked up in further parts of 1 Enoch, was received in writings composed in Aramaic, Hebrew, and Greek, and had a profound impact on streams of religious thought in the western and oriental world, as well as in Africa. This volume collects studies by Loren T. Stuckenbruck that explore aspects of this influence in some of the literature and demonstrate how it was reused and adapted to address new cultural and religious contexts (Book of Giants, Book of Jubilees, Dead Sea Scrolls, Book of Tobit, Book of Daniel, Genesis Apocryphon, Philo). In addition, apart from whether influence of the fallen angels' tradition can be established, Stuckenbruck analyses the degree to which it offers a theological framework through which to reconsider theological approaches to several New Testament texts (Synoptic Gospels, Gospel of John, Acts, Pauline texts, and the Book of Revelation). Themes covered in the essays include demonology, prominent evil figures, giants, exorcism, petitionary prayer, the birth and activity of Jesus, the holy Spirit, conversion of Gentiles, "apocalyptic" and the understanding of time, and theological anthropology.
Warfare prayer : how to seek God's power and protection in the battle to build his kingdom
The origin of Satan
Das Böse, der Teufel und Dämonen = Evil, the Devil, and demons
Spiritual warfare for every Christian : how to live in victory and retake the land
The screwtape letters, and, Screwtape proposes a toast
The many faces of evil : theological systems and the problems of evil
Lucifer. 3 : A dalliance with the damned / Peter Gross, Ryan Kelly, Dean Ormston, artists
The Devil in society in premodern Europe
The idea of evil
The romantic agony
Satan in the Old Testament
Satan and the problem of evil : constructing a trinitarian warfare theodicy
Buckland's complete book of witchcraft
The devil and his servants : the witches and their relationship with the devil in Salem, Massachusetts in 1692
Evil and the God of love
The devil : a visual guide to the demonic, evil, scurrilous, and the bad
The devils and evil spirits of Babylonia : being Babylonian and Assyrian incantations against the demons, ghouls, vampires, hobgoblins, ghosts and kindred evil spirits, which attack mankind. Vol. 1, Evil spirits
Lucifer. Book five
Wish. 1
Satan : a biography
Many faces of evil
Himalayan dialogue : Tibetan lamas and Gurung shamans in Nepal
The D'Evil diaries
The birth of Satan : tracing the devil's biblical roots
Providence, evil and the openness of God
Angels, Devils : The Supernatural and Its Visual Representation
Lucifer. Book three
Johannes Cabal the necromancer
The devil on screen : feature films worldwide, 1913 through 2000
The secret history of Lucifer : the ancient path to knowledge and the real Da Vinci Code
The Boneshaker
Horns
The exorcist
Lucifer. 7 : Exodus / Peter Gross, Ryan Kelly artists
Satan : an autobiography
Deliver us from evil : interpreting the redemption from the power of Satan in New Testament theology
Talbis iblis : (delusion of the devil). Vol. 2
Russian literature and its demons
Lucifer. 8 : The wolf beneath the tree / Peter Gross ... [et al.], artists
The devil : perceptions of evil from antiquity to primitive Christianity
The myth of rebellious angels : studies in Second Temple Judaism and New Testament texts
