http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11801 dermatology
dermatology
Cosmetics in dermatology
Skin therapeutics : prescription and preparation
"Skin Rules is a concise and practical instruction manual from a renowned Fifth Avenue dermatologist on how to attain beautiful skin, a taut and sculpted body, and a much younger appearance. Actors, models, and newscasters go to Dr. Jaliman for her cutting-edge technology and the latest in skin care, as well as for her reputation for being the "last stop" doctor, the one who fixes what others can't. Skin Rules has something for everyone, no matter where they live or how much money they have to spend. This small, invaluable guide supplies the same advice Dr. Jaliman gives to her celebrity patients, from lasers to remove sun damage and turn back the clock to suggestions for simple products and habits anyone can adopt for a small outlay of time and money. In Skin Rules readers will learn: about the one ingredient that should NEVER be in sunscreens, but often is; how to use inexpensive Aquaphor to heal wounds and prevent scarring; which drugstore products really work for acne and wrinkles"--Provided by publisher.
Cyclosporin A in the treatment of eczema
New ideal in skin health: separating fact from fiction : practical application of the science of skin care
Rook's textbook of dermatology
Anatomy, physiology and pathology : for complementary therapists: level 2 and 3
Dermatologic complications with body art : tattoos, piercings and permanent make-up
Adenovirus endocytosis and adenoviral gene transfer in cardiovascular and dermatologic disease models
The encyclopdeia of ultraviolet filters
Cosmetic dermatology : principles and practice
Dermatology handbook : the comprehensive guide to product selection. 2011-2012
Nail growth measurement employing nail indentation - an experimental follow-up study of nail growth in situ
Matrix metalloproteinases in human skin : expression of interstitial collagenase, stromelysin-1, collagenase-3, and their tissue inhibitors by keratinocytes
A short textbook of cosmetology : a short guide to the development, manufacture and sale of modern skin care and skin protection cosmetics with an aside on the history and prehistory of cosmetics
Skin deep : an A-Z of skin disorders, treatments and health
"Embracing both the art and science of skin care, Cosmetic Dermatology covers a wide range of interventions and treatments designed to maintain and beautify healthy skin and protect and improve damaged skin. A 'bible' in the field of cosmetic dermatology, this highly acclaimed text is now in its fourth edition. Focusing on the scientific detail of why and how the biotechnology works, this is an indispensable guide for all involved in this rapidly expanding field"--Provided by publisher.
Skin care ingredient handbook
Cutaneous drug reactions : with emphasis on skin testing and fixed drug eruption
Rook's textbook of dermatology. Vol. 2
An eruption associated with alphavirus infection
Deutsche Rechtsprechung in völkerrechtlichen Fragen = Decisions of German courts relating to public international law = Décisions des cours allemandes en matière de droit international public. 1971-1975
Cosmeceuticals and cosmetic ingredients
Fitzpatrick's color atlas and synopsis of clinical dermatology
Textbook of cosmetic dermatology
Rook's textbook of dermatology. Vol. 4
Basement membrane zone proteins, epithelial integrins and TGF-[beta] system in reepithelialization, dermatitis herpetiformis ans psoriasis : modulation by isotretinoin, betamethasone and calcipotriol
Rook's textbook of dermatology. Vol. 3
Small animal dermatology : a color atlas and therapeutic guide
Andrology for the clinician
Ancient Greek medicine and skin diseases
Cosmeceuticals and active cosmetics
Concise manual of cosmetic dermatologic surgery
Manual of equine dermatology
Delayed-type hypersensitivity in palmoplantar pustulosis : effect of cyclosporin A treatment on skin testing with recall antigens
Current veterinary dermatology : the science and art of therapy
Dermatology : Mosby's color atlas and text of
Common drugs and side effects : a handbook for the aesthetician
Antioxidants and the skin
Telemedicine and teledermatology
Dry skin and moisturizers : chemistry and function
A dermatological view: from physiology to therapy
Principles of dermatology
Nanotechnology in dermatology
"Cosmetics for skin, hair, and nails play a vital part in the management and treatment of many dermatological conditions; unfortunately, they may also at times be the cause of some dermatological problems. They are therefore subjects where dermatologists need to be aware of the major commercial developments taking place, in addition to the many common Over The Counter products already available, in order to be vigilant in checking the possible benefits or disadvantages for patients.This text takes a serious look at the integration of skin care products, cosmetics, hair adornments, and nail cosmetics in the daily practice of dermatology, expanding the realm of disease treatment beyond diagnosis and treatment into the maintenance phase of healthy skin, hair, and nails"--Provided by publisher.
Principles and practice of dermatology
Fungal infections of the skin, hair and nails
Color atlas of dermatoscopy
Skin rules : trade secrets from a top New York dermatologist
Advances in veterinary dermatology. Vol. 2, Proceedings of the 2nd World Congress, Montreal, Canada, May 13th-16th 1992
The Finnish dermatological society 50 years
Venoarteriolar response and vascular resistance in chronic venous insufficiency
Summary.
Herbal principles in cosmetics : properties and mechanisms of action
Manual of small animal dermatology
The history of skin and venerable diseases in Finland
Fuzzy measures in selection of important features in medical diagnosis problems
Advances in veterinary dermatology. Vol. 4, Proceedings of the Fourth World Congress of Veterinary Dermatology, San Francisco, USA, 30 August - 2 September 2000
The impaired skin : [panel discussion]
Advances in veterinary dermatology. Vol. 1, Proceedings of the First World Congress of Veterinary Dermatology, Dijon, France, 27-30 September 1989
Rook's textbook of dermatology. Vol. 1
Lecture notes. Dermatology
Cosmetics and dermatological problems and solutions : a problem based approach
Advances in veterinary dermatology. Vol. 3, Proceedings of the Third World Congress of Veterinary Dermatology, Edinburgh, Scotland, 11-14 September, 1996
Roles of novel biomarkers in progression of cutacenous squamous cell carcinoma
Handbook of cosmetic science and technology
Dermatological formulations : percutaneous absorption
Color atlas and synopsis of clinical dermatology : common and serious diseases
