http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11811 screening analysis
screening analysis
Implications of BRCA1 mutations in basal-like breast cancer development and treatment
Phonocardiography: development of a clinical system and its application to screening for paediatric heart murmurs
Individuals with autism spectrum disorders : teaching, language, and screening
Accurate mass-based analysis in human sport doping control : application of liquid chromatography - time-of-flight mass spectrometry
Health economics and outcome studies on type 2 diabetes education and screening in a Chinese population
Determinants and psychological implications of breast cancer risk perceptions in the course of mammography screening
Abstract. - Finnish summary.
Eu(III)-chelate dyed nanoparticles : radiant label technology for homogeneous assays
Expectations, frames and practices of genetic counselling in different contexts of genetic testing
The politics of breast cancer screening
Before birth : understanding prenatal screening
Drug discovery screening and the application of genomics and proteomics in the drug development process for Chlamydia pneumoniae
High-throughput screening for novel prostate cancer drug targets : getting personal
Generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) is a mental health problem, which is characterized by excessive anxiety and worry, problems that are difficult to control. In the general population, the 12-month prevalence of GAD is 2-3%, with the lifetime prevalence being about 5%. However, GAD is more prevalent among primary care utilizers i.e. approximately 5-8% of them suffer from this disorder. Earlier studies have revealed GAD to be associated with a high utilization of health care resources.There were four goals of the present study; i) to investigate the prevalence of GAD among Finnish health care high utilizers, ii) to examine the association between GAD and utilization of different health care services at the population level, iii) to determine whether there would be any association between frequent utilization of health care services, GAD and somatic symptoms and iv) to compare the costs associated with GAD in secondary care in Finland with those attributable to major depressive disorder (MDD). In addition, the Finnish translation of the 7-item GAD scale (GAD-7) was validated.In a sample (n=150) of health care high utilizers in northern Finland, the prevalence of GAD was found to be 4%; GAD-7 was a valid instrument for detecting GAD in these subjects.In Northern Finland 1966 Birth Cohort, there was a significant association between GAD and health care utilization. Those subjects who screened positive for GAD with GAD-7 made 112% more total health care visits than other individuals. The results were statistically significant when controlled for potential confounders. Both GAD symptoms and physical symptoms were risk factors for frequent attendance of health care services, and the individuals who tested positive for GAD exhibited a higher rate of physical symptoms.Secondary care costs of all patients with a new diagnosis of GAD or MDD were calculated 2 years before and after the diagnosis date using the information from the Finnish Hospital Discharge Registers and National Hospital Benchmarking Database. Patients with a history of earlier depression or anxiety disorder had markedly higher costs compared with patients without psychiatric comorbidities. The highest mean individual costs (€19,538) during the 4-year follow-up were observed among patients with new onset of GAD but with a history of other anxiety disorders or MDD.
Prevalence of HPV infection and use of HPV test in cervical cancer screening : randomised evaluation within the organised cervical cancer screening programme in Finland
Screening of newborns for congenital hypothyroidism : guidance for developing programmes
Summary.
Prenatal screening strategies, long-term outcome of children with marked changes in maternal screening tests and the most common syndromic heart anomalies in Estonia
Computer-assisted separation and primary screening of bioactive compounds
Accelerating three-dimensional virtual screening : new software and approaches for computer-aided drug discovery
The effectiveness of short-term literacy skills intervention on children at risk of reading and writing difficulties in Tanzania : a study of grade one children with dynamic assessment approach
Optimization of high-throughput screening method for proteins
Generalized anxiety disorder and health care utilization
First trimester screening and Down syndrome
Screening adult neurologic populations : a step-by-step instruction manual
We did our study for the HUSLAB Automation Laboratory of Meilahti Hospital and the virology laboratory, Helsinki, Finland. The purpose of our study was to create value stream  maps of HIV screening tests for both of the laboratories. In addition, our intention was to compare the differences in HIV screening tests between the laboratories and to find out  possible wastes. In our study, we used the Lean methodology, which is a widely used methodology for making processes more efficient and the value stream maps are part of it. The information used in our study was collected using observation in the work environment and by interviewing a medical expert. The findings and the medical expert interview formed the basis of the value stream maps. On the basis of our observations, we state that the laboratories differed from each other fundamentally. The automation route of the Meilahti Hospital Automation Laboratory was highly optimized and the process was fast. The virology laboratory is part of the HUSLABs Clinical Microbiology, where the main focus has been on the hand work. There were waste in both laboratories, but the basic features of the processes worked as such. There were development points in preanalytic features, in the laboratory space and in the work speed of the tests.  Based on the results, we conclude that the process has waste, but the development points are challenging. Development suggestions are based on a short-term observation and a longer observation period would have produced more suggestions. The value stream maps that we made may be used for designing a new laboratory in the Meilahti Hospital area,  Helsinki, Finland.
Archival appraisal : theory and practice
Genetic risk profiles for coronary heart disease
Handbook of physical measurements
Computational studies of biomolecular screening and interactions
It's like peeking into a Christmas gift and then deciding if you want it or not
Report FRISK : test fishing with escape panel in the Gulf of Bothnia 2007
This thesis concerns a laccase enzyme. The laccase encoding gene had been isolated from the Bacillus subtilis bacterium and mutated by error-prone PCR. The gene variants had also been combined with plasmids. The aim was to find a variant that would produce the most active laccase protein compared with the wild type. To find the best mutants, a DNA library was created and screened. The screening procedure was also optimized during the project.  The principle of the screening was that ABTS, which forms a green product when oxidized, was added to protein samples taken from the variants and the absorbances of the samples were measured. The colour was therefore dependent on the ability of the laccase to oxidize ABTS. The mutant proteins were compared with each other and with the protein produced by the wild type gene. Several promising mutants were found and forwarded to sequencing. Also the screening protocol was optimized.
Use of the Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale (EPDS) in the detection of postnatal depression : a systematic literature review
Study of ligand-based virtual screening tools in computer-aided drug design
Serotonergic modulation of CCK-4-induced panic
Conservation genetics of endemic Indirana frogs of the Western Ghats biodiversity hotspot
Screening of Bacillus subtilis laccase exspression library for improved activity in Escherichia coli
Regulation of self-renewal and detection of karyotypic changes of pluripotent human embryonic stem cells
Autism spectrum disorders : an epidemiological and clinical study
Population-based screening for prostate cancer : weighing up the beneficial and adverse effects of screening
Differential diagnosis for physical therapists : screening for referral
Autism spectrum disorders:an epidemiological and clinical study
Health Economics and Outcome Studies on Type 2 Diabetes Education and Screening in a Chinese Population
Crosstalk in plant responses to biotic and abiotic stresses
Hearing among Finnish professional soldiers:epidemiological study
Homogeneous assay technologies in drug screening : quenching resonance energy transfer (QRET) technique
Luminescence-based assay methods in drug discovery
Assessment of risk and prevention of type 2 diabetes in primary health care
The dose and image quality in mammography practice in Finland
Filtration resistance of low freeness pulps in vacuum filtration conditions
Gendercide : the implications of sex selection
Segregation of powder mixtures in silos with particular reference to dry mineral-based construction materials
Characterisation of the mechanical properties of oats and oat flakes
Prenatal Screening in Finland : availability and womenś decision-making and experiences
Support based screening procedure for preschool in Kenya
Cell-based bioluminescent high-throughput screening methods in antibacterial drug discovery
Colonization of contaminated wood and soil from a former saw mill site by wood-degrading fungi
The Finnish population-based prostate cancer screening trial : a clinical perspective
Impact of assisted reproduction and specific pregnancy complications on maternal mid-trimester Down's syndrome screening
Abstract: Maternal ultrasound and serum screening in the detection of structural and chromosomal abnormalities.
Comparison of the cost of antidepressants in a prostate cancer screening trial population
Genetics, negotiated ethics and the ambiguities of moral choices
European randomized study of prostate cancer screening : first-year results of the Finnish trial
Promoting women's heart health by screening for vascular risk factors among middle-aged women : methods and baseline results from a preventive trial
Prenatal diagnosis in the lay press and professional and professional journals in Finland, Greece and the Netherlands
Modern methods for auxological screening of growth disorders in children
A cell spot microarray method for high-throughput biology
Extraction and planar chromatographic separation techniques in the analysis of natural products
Identifying dental restorative treatment need in healthy young adults at individual and population level
High-Throughput Screening for Novel Prostate Cancer Drug Targets – Getting Personal
Probability model for screen performance calculations
Screening methods for the evaluation of biological activity in drug discovery
First trimester Down's syndrome screening : the role of biochemistry
Abstract.
Analyses of observational screening studies : an application to the ATBC cancer prevention study
High-throughput screening in drug discovery
Principles of appraisal and their application in electronic environment : European models and concepts
Genetic screening and counseling
Virtual screening : development of a novel structure-based method
Molecular diagnostics of rare inherited SYNDROMES with a view on diagnostic test development
Association of Breast cancer symptoms findings with the occurrence of Breast cancer
Randomised evaluation of new technologies within the population-based cervical cancer screening programme in Finland : cross-sectional performance and validity
Performance of the Finnish prostate cancer screening trial based on process indicators
Prenatal screening in Finland : availability and women's decision-making and experiences
Systematic approach to stabilize amorphous drugs via smart additive selection
Evaluation of visual screening in prevention of cervical and oral cancer in India
A study on bacteria-targeted screening and in vitro safety assessment of natural products
Determination of HLA polymorphisms by time-resolved fluorometric DNA hybridization assays
