http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11818 Lutheran Churches
Lutheran Churches
Youth participation in religious activities: case study of the congregations of Mikael Agricola and Munkkiniemi Churches in Helsinki, Finland and the Presbyterian Church Down Beach Limbe, Cameroon : a comparative perspective
Facing diversity : the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland from 2004 to 2007
The Church, community of grace : final report of the Joint Commission between the Lutheran World Federation and World Methodist Council, 1979-1984
Facing unity : models, forms and phases of Catholic-Lutheran Church fellowship
Lutheran Book of Worship
The Evangelical Lutheran Church of Estonia in Exile
That all may believe : a theology of the Gospel and the mission of the church
Church ministry in African Christianity
We believe, teach and confess
Suomen evankelis-luterilaisen kirkon kirkolliskokous = Kyrkomötet i den evangelisk-lutherska kyrkan i Finland = The General Synod of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland : 1974-2011
Five centuries of Lutheranism in Poland
The Lutheran church : past and present
Third All Asia Lutheran Conference, Singapore, 29th November 4th December 1976
Theology of marriage and the problems of mixed marriages : dialogue between the Lutheran World Federation, the World Alliance of Reformed Churches and the Secretariat for Promoting Christian Unity of the Roman Catholic Church 1971-77
Worship and ethics : Lutherans and Anglicans in dialogue
Lutherans and Catholics in dialogue I-III
Russian imperial Lutheran liturgy since the publication of the 1832 agenda
The ninth biennial meeting of the INBCH at the university of Klaipėda, 2014.
Lutherans and Catholics in dialogue. 6, Teaching authority & infallibility in the Church
Understanding the gift of communion : the Quest for a shared self-understanding of the Lutheran Communion : a reader
Lutheran churches in the world : a handbook
Luther, Lutheranism and the Jews : a record of the second Consultation between representatives of The International Jewish Committee for Interreligious Consultations and The Lutheran World Federation held in Stockholm, Sweden, 11-13 July 1983
Lutherans and Catholics in dialogue. 2, One baptism for the remission of sins
The road to the unification of the Lutheran churches in the Russian empire under a single liturgy
Lutherans and Catholics in dialogue. 5, Papal primacy and the universal Church
Rytų Prūsijos liuteronų liturginė tradicija ir lietuviškoji raiška Reformacijos ir Donelaičio laikų agendose = The East Prussian Lutheran liturgical tradition and its Lithuanian expression from the Reformation to the agendas of the Donelaitis era
Issues and program emphases 1985-1990
Wuoristo-St.Timothy's Lutheran Church, Copper Cliff : 100 years 1897-1997
Growing together in communion : dokumentation from the 1996 Meeting of the Council of the Lutheran World Federation, September 24-October 1, 1996, Geneva, Switzerland
Report on study on church economy. Part II : presented in Geneva, Switzerland August 1971
The pastors from Finland at the Suomi Synod
An Anglophile among the Anglicans
Stretching the drum skin : an analysis of power relations in leadership development and succession in the Evangelical Lutheran church in Tanzania-Northern diocese 1942-1993
Proceedings of the First General Assembly of the Lutheran Church of China: held at Ki Kung Shan Honan China August 22-29 1920
Lutheran churches in Hungary
Toward Church fellowship : report of the Joint Commission of the Lutheran World Federation and the World Alliance of Reformed Churches
The Porvoo Common Statement : conversations between the British and Irish Anglican Churches and the Nordic and Baltic Lutheran Churches : text agreed at the fourth plenary meeting, held at Järvenpää, Finland, 9-13 October 1992.
Resurgence of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Lithuania after the Soviet era
The Book of Concord : the confessions of the Evangelical Lutheran Church
Lutherans today : American Lutheran identity in the twenty-first century
Witnessing to God's faithfulness : issues of biblical authority
Anglican-Lutheran consultation : "Episcopé in relation to the mission of the Church today", Niagara Falls, Canada, 24 September - 3 October 1987 : papers of the consultation
Sources and contexts of the Book of Concord
Ways to community
Ministry, women, bishops : report of an International Consultation Cartigny, Switzerland, 1992.
The episcopal ministry within the apostolicity of the church : a Lutheran statement 2002 = Das bischöfliche Amt im Rahmen der Apostolizität der Kirche : einen lutherische Erklärung 2002 = Le ministère épiscopal au sein de l'apostolicité de l'église : une déclaration luthérienne 2002 = El oficio episcopal en la iglesia apostólica : manifesto Luterano 2002.
Studies in the Lutheran confessions
Together in mission
LWF ecumenical relations in review : 1979
Afirmations and admonitions : Lutheran decisions and dialogue with Reformed, Episcopal, and Roman Catholic churches
The role of mission in the future of Lutheran theology
Mission and development : Finnish Pentecostal, Lutheran and Orthodox mission agencies in development work in Kenya 1948-1989
Lutheran communication directory 1990/91
Pioneer pastors' wives chose the role of service : a noble but often difficult calling
On being Lutheran : reflections on church, theology, and faith
Visitation : a study by the Theological Committee of the VELKD
Lutheran ecumenism on the way : documentation from the Klingenthal consultation 5-8 June 1990.
Signs of hope : considerations and questions : issue material for the working groups at the Seventh Assembly of the Lutheran World Federation, Budapest, Hungary, July 22 to August 5, 1984
Church in bondage
Studies in Lutheran confessions
The study of ministry : Report to the 1991 Churchwide Assembly
Catechisations on Luther's small catechism
Abstract: Religious clashes, conversion and family relations in Imperial Russia : the life of Rabbi and Pastor Rudolf Hermann Gurland.
To be a Christian in Finland : a guidebook to confirmation for immigrants and Finnish expatriates
The Lutheran Church in American history
The two folk churches in Finland : The 12th Finnish Lutheran-Orthodox theological discussions 2014
The Leuenberg Agreement and Lutheran-Reformed relationships : evaluations by North American and European theologians
Between two assemblies
Adventists and Lutherans in conversation : report of the bilateral conversations between the Lutheran World Federation and the Seventh-day Adventist Church 1994-1998 = Adventisten und Lutheraner im Gespräch = Adventistes et luthériens en conversation
Lutherans and Catholics in dialogue. 4, Eucharist and ministry
Sitka Lutheran Church celebrates its 150th years : the Finnish legacy in Russian Alaska
The theology of the cross
Communiqué : dialogue between Pentecostals and Lutherans
Report of the consultation for West African church leaders, studio directors and church communicators : Jos, Nigeria, November 1980
The church and the people
Introduction : the Lutheran context of Nordic women's history
Church in change : The Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland from 2000 to 2003
The repression of the evangelical lutheran church in Lithuania during the stalinist era
The concept of sin among Haya Lutheran Christian converted from African traditional religion
Common witness : Basic Policy on Mission of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland
Commom statement : the mystery of the church: D. the holy eucharist in the life of the church
The Gospel is the power of God : the third International Confessional Lutheran Conference 23.-27.3.1998, Matongo, Kenya
Christian stewardship in the North Western Diocese of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Tanzania 1940-1972
Laudamus : hymnal for the Assembly of the Lutheran World Federation = Gesangbuch für die Vollversammlung des Lutherischen Weltbundes = Psalmbok för Lutherska världsförbundets generalförsamling
The Eucharist
The encyclopedia of the Lutheran Church. Volume 1, A - E
Development of a viable congregational-based Clinical Pastoral Education center
As between brothers : the story of Lutheran response to world need
Communiqué : conversations between Pentecostals and Lutherans
LWF ecumenical relations in review : 1980
Lutheran churches - salt or mirror of society? : case studies on the theory and practice of the two kingdoms doctrine
The Church of England and the Church of Finland : a summary of the proceedings at the Conferences held at Lambeth Palace, London, on October 5th and 6th, 1933, and at Brändö, Helsingfors, on July 17th and 18th, 1934.
A basic history of lutheranism in America
Lutherans and Adventists in conversation : report and papers presented 1994-1998
"I give you a future with hope" : documentation from the 2000 meeting of the Council of the Lutheran World Federation, 14-21 June 2000, Turku, Finland
A record of the activities of the Lutheran Evangelical Association of Finland in Japan, 1900-1946
The religio-magical domain as a bilingual mechanism of culture : Ingrian Lutheranism in the (post) Soviet cultural space
Confirmation ministry study : global report 4-8 September 1995, Geneva, Switzerland
Gender, race and religion : Nordic missions 1860-1940
The Lutheran Church in Slovakia
Report of the consultation for East African church leaders, studio directors and church communicators : Arusha, Tanzania, March 1981
Religious clashes, conversion and family relations in Imperial Russia : the life of Rabbi and Pastor Rudolf Hermann Gurland
Media awareness/education programs : analysis of an LWF survey
Reports from LWF church and national committees
Baptists and Lutherans in conversation : a message to our Church
Lutheran congregations in St. Petersburg / Maria Enckell
1. Federal Republic of Germany. The Barmen theological declaration and the two kingdom doctrine. Historico-systematic reflections / Wolfgang Huber. -- The doctrine of the two kingdoms, or the art of drawing distinctions. Remarks concerning the theological interpretation of political affairs / Trutz Rendtorff. -- 2. German Democratic Republic. The place of the two kingdom doctrine in the life of the Evangelical Churches in the German Democratic Republic / Heino Falcke. -- 3. Hungary. Theory and practice of the doctrine of the two kingdoms in the Lutheran Church in Hungary / Andor Muntag. -- 4. Norway. The doctrine of God's twofold governance in the Norwegian Church struggle from 1940 to 1945: fifteen theses / Torleiv Amstad. -- 5. Denmark. The attitude of the Danish Church toward authority during the German occupation, 1940-1945 / Henrik Fossing. -- The Christian mission in relation to industrial problems. The attitude of the Jerusalem Conference 1928 and the reaction of the Nordic Lutheran Churches / Johannes Aagaard. 6. Namibia. The mission and the political awakening of the Namibians after the First World War / Lothar Engel. -- The dispute between black and white Lutherans in Namibia after the open letter of 1971 / Klaus Eichholz. -- 7. South Africa. The context of the Umpumulo Memorandum of 1967 / Wolfram Kistner. -- 8. Brazil. Identity and problems of development: the Evangelical Church of Lutheran Confession in Brazil / Hans-Jürgen Prien. -- 9. United States of America. The two kingdoms debate: a look at the American situation / Karl Hertz. -- 10. International Lutheranism. Lutheranism in the time of dictators: the Lutheran World Convention, 1923-1947 / Armin Boyens. -- Concluding section: Types of the use and misuse of a doctrine of two kingdoms and twofold governance.
From pioneer mission to autonomous church : Lutheran mission cooperation and church building in Thailand 1976-1994
Lutheran churches of the world
Conferences between representatives appointed by the Archbishop of Canterbury on behalf of the Church of England and representatives of the Evangelical Lutheran Churches of Latvia and Estonia
A Church of Encounter : guidelines for international and ecumenical work, including interfaith encounter, until 2020.
Proceedings of the Union Lutheran Conference : Kikungshan Honan, China Aug. 23-27, 1917
Lutheran directory. 1984
Commentary on the Lutheran book of worship : Lutheran liturgy in its ecumenical context
Designing a computer system for remote offices: traditional system versus cloud system : case: Church Council of the Evangelical Lutheran church of Finland
