http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11832 charismatic movements
charismatic movements
An introduction to Pentecostalism : global charismatic Christianity
Clinical services instead of sermons
Divine disenchantment : deconverting from new religions
The Alpha Enterprise : evangelism in a post-Christian era
Cry of the spirit : [unpublished sermons by Smith Wigglesworth]
Rites in the spirit : a ritual approach to Pentecostal/Charismatic spirituality
Discovering the two faces of religious charismatic action - traditional and modern : a model
Surprised by the power of the Spirit : a former Dallas Seminary professor discovers that God speaks and heals today
Resurrecting Cannibals : the Catholic Church, Witch-hunts, and the production of pagans in Western Uganda
Global Pentecostalism : encounters with other religious traditions
The full life study Bible : New International Version
Fire in the fireplace : contemporary charismatic renewal
Anthropology and alterity : responding to the other
The Universal Church of the Kingdom of God in South Africa : a church of strangers
The century of the Holy Spirit : 100 years of Pentecostal and charismatic renewal, 1901-2001
A Moving Faith captures the dynamic shift of Christianity to the South and portrays a global movement that promises prosperity, healing, empowerment, and gender equality by invoking neo - Pentecostal and Charismatic resources. It postulates that neither North America nor Europe is the current center of the Christian faith. The book provides a detailed overview of how migration of Christians from the South enriches the North, for instance, Pope Francis brings newness, freshness, and the vigor characteristic of the South. While describing Christianity's growth in the South, it suggests that, in fact, there is no center for this global faith. It explores this great move of Christianity by focusing on representative mega churches in South Korea, Brazil, Peru, Ghana, Nigeria, Australia, India, and the Philippines. -- Review: "In A Moving Faith by Dr Jonathan James, we see for the first time in a single coherent volume, not only that global Christianity in the mega church is on the rise, but in a concrete way, we are able to observe in detail what this looks like across a wide variety of locations, cultures, and habitus." -- Virginia Garrard-Burnett "The 21st century-once predicted by many commentators to be the secular century-has turned out to be the century of the mega church. Mega churches are to be found in every continent and are not simply to be equated with Pentecostalism. This wide ranging and fascinating collection of essays on mega churches, their media, and marketing strategies opens up the field for further exploration." -- Brian Stanley "Mega churches, usually associated with big independent congregations in America, are seen to be prevalent throughout much of the rest of the world. The chapters in this book offer careful, thoughtful, and perceptive accounts of the mega church phenomenon in the South. All who are concerned not only about the spread, but also the integrity of the Christian faith will greatly appreciate this book which assists us to see the big picture of World Christianity." -- Professor Mark A. Noll
Christopher A. Stephenson offers the first critical study of the major theologians of pentecostalism, one of the fastest growing and most influential religious traditions in the world. Drawing on the scholarship of Myer Pearlman, E. S. Williams, French L. Arrington, Simon K. H. Chan, Frank D. Macchia, Amos Yong, and others, Stephenson establishes four original categories that classify recent pentecostal theologians' methodologies in systematic/constructive theology. The four categories are based on the arrangement of Biblical texts, the relationship between theology and Christian spirituality, doctrine concerning the kingdom of God, and pneumatology as a base for philosophical and fundamental theology. Stephenson analyzes each methodological type, then suggests a pentecostal theological method that builds on the strengths of each. He then offers his own, original contribution: an argument for a reciprocal relationship between pentecostal spirituality and doctrine that follows the pattern of lex orandi, lex credendi, and develops a doctrine of the Lord's supper as a demonstration of this reciprocal relationship. Types of Pentecostal Theology provides critical insight into such fundamental issues as the relationship between theology and philosophy, the dynamic between scripture and tradition, and similarities and differences between recent pentecostal theology and other currents in contemporary theology.
Charismatics and the next millennium : do they have a future?
Tongues of fire : the explosion of protestantism in Latin America
Encyclopedia of pentecostal and charismatic Christianity
Neo-pentacostalism in Tanzania : godly miracles, satanic interventions or human development?
Pentecost, mission, and ecumenism : essays on intercultural theology : Festschrift in honour of professor Walter J. Hollenweger
Pentecostal and charismatic studies : a reader
Piety, intimacy and mobility : a case study of charismatic Christianity in present-day Stockholm
A moving faith : mega churches go south
Worshipping God
Worship
Charismatic christianity as a global culture
The work of the Spirit : pneumatology and Pentecostalism
I will pour out My Spirit : a history and theology of revivals and evangelical awakenings
The health and wealth gospel in Finland
female spiritual masters, largely unknown to westerners.
The history of the Assemblies of God in Singapore, 1928-1992
Charisma, volatility and violence : assessing the role of crises of charismatic authority in precipitating incidents of millenarian violence
Fundamentalism and charismatic movements / : v. 4. Fundamentalism, politics, and everyday life
Types of Pentecostal theology : method, system, spirit
Spiritual gifts in the local church
Spiritual gifts according to C. Peter Wagner
Orthodoxy and the religion of the future
Come Holy Spirit : learning to minister in power
An analysis of the Catholic Charismatic Renewal. Describes the movement's internal diversity and traces its development and expansion across 30 years. Offers insights into the contemporary nature of rationality, the transformation of space and time in Charismatic daily life, gender discipline, the blurring of boundaries between ritual and everyday life, the sense of community forged through shared ritual participation, and the creativity of language and metaphor in prophetic utterance. Charisma, Csordas proposes, is a collective self-process, located not in the personality of a leader, but in the rhetorical resources mobilized by participants in ritual performance. His examination of ritual language and ritual performance illuminates this theory in relation to the postmodern condition of culture.
The Strategy of the spirit?
The church in the market place
Pentecostal theology : a theology of encounter
The unfailing stream : a charismatic Church history in outline
The challenges of the Pentecostal, Charismatic, and Messianic Jewish movements : the tensions of the spirit
When the Spirit comes with power : signs and wonders among God's people
Christian healing
Māte Mahādēvi: a progressive female mystic in today's India
Blessing the Church? : a review of the history and direction of the charismatic movement
Performatives of faith : a narrative approach to religious experience
Give Jesus a hand! : charismatic Christians : populist religion and politics in the Philippines
Fundamentalism and charismatic movements / : v. 1. Issues of definition, general theories, and historical context
A history of the charismatic movement in Britain and the United States of America : the pentecostal transformation of Christianity. Book 1
'Movements' in the church
African charismatics : current developments within independent indigenous Pentecostalism in Ghana
New religious movements in Africa
Doctrinal relationship between Protestantism and charismatic renewal
Overcome by the spirit : [the extraordinary phenomenon that is happening to ordinary people]
Discerning the spirit(s) : a pentecostal-charismatic contribution to Christian theology of religions
Servants and agents : gender roles in Neocharismatic Christianity
The Universal Church of the Kingdom of God (UCKG), a church of Brazilian origin, has been enormously successful in establishing branches and attracting followers in post-apartheid South Africa. Unlike other Pentecostal Charismatic Churches (PCC), the UCKG insists that relationships with God be devoid of 'emotions', that socialisation between members be kept to a minimum and that charity and fellowship are 'useless' in materialising God's blessings. Instead, the UCKG urges members to sacrifice large sums of money to God for delivering wealth, health, social harmony and happiness. While outsiders condemn these rituals as empty or manipulative, this book shows that they are locally meaningful, demand sincerity to work, have limits and are informed by local ideas about human bodies, agency and ontological balance. As an ethnography of people rather than of institutions, this book offers fresh insights into the mass PCC movement that has swept across Africa since the early 1990s.
The experience of Christ's real presence in faith : an analysis on the Christ-presence-motif in the Lutheran charismatic renewal
Pentecostalism in Africa : presence and impact of pneumatic Christianity in postcolonial societies
Rite and power = Rito y poder : faculty of theology international seminar
A sociology of prayer
Healing miracles : a doctor investigates
Charismatic glossolalia : an empirical-theological study
Believing in Belfast : charismatic Christianity after the troubles
Spreading the flame : charismatic churches and missions today
Growing in the prophetic
Counterfeit revival
Streams or renewal
Modern Christian revivals
The glory and the shame : reflections on the 20th-century outpouring of the Holy Spirit
Developing your prophetic gifting
Spirit and renewal : essays in honor of J. Rodman Williams
Prophecy in the local church : a practical handbook and historical overview
Led by the Spirit : toward a practical theology of Pentecostal discernment and decision making
A survey of 20th-century revival movements in North America
Charismatic renewal in Africa : a challenge for African Christianity
Competitive spirits : Latin America's new religious economy
The collected shorter writings of James I. Packer. Vol. 2, Serving the people of God
Praising as bodily practice : the neocharismatic culture of celebration
Cults, converts and charisma : the sociology of new religious movements
A history of the charismatic movement in Britain and the United States of America : the pentecostal transformation of Christianity. Book 2
The Toronto blessing
Toward a new pentecost : for a new evangelization : Malines Document I
Cults, converts and charisma : the sociology of new religions movents
Dictionary of Pentecostal and charismatic movements
Language, charisma, and creativity : ritual life in the Catholic charismatic renewal
'Toronto' in perspective : papers on the new charismatic wave of the mid-1990's
Fundamentalism and charismatic movements / : v. 2. Fundamentalism, modernity, and globalization
Political spiritualities : the Pentecostal revolution in Nigeria
The worship phenomenon
Ghana's new Christianity : Pentecostalism in a globalising African economy
Healing in the name of God : faith or fraud?
The spirit in the world : emerging Pentecostal theologies in global contexts
The globalisation of charismatic Christianity : spreading the gospel of prosperity
Language, charisma, and creativity : the ritual life of a religious movement
Between Babel and Pentecost : transnational pentecostalism in Africa and Latin America
The new international dictionary of Pentecostal and charismatic movements
Handbook of Pentecostal Christianity
Living liturgy
In the latter days : the outpouring of the Holy Spirit in the twentieth century
Investing in miracles : El Shaddai and the transformation of popular Catholicism in the Philippines
Christian healing : a practical and comprehensive guide
