http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11882 marine research
marine research
International publication of Baltic Sea science 2002-2006
Introduction to ocean sciences
Comparison of Arctic and Baltic Sea ice backscattering signatures and ice type classification potential at C-band
The sea : ideas and observations on progress in the study of the seas. 1, Physical oceanography
The Jacques Cousteau odyssey. 2
Bioactive compounds from the sea
Water on earth : physicochemical and biological properties
The numerical sea ice forecast in Finland in the winter 1993-94
The great barrier reef marine park authority : research report 1976/82
The data assimilation system for data analysis in the Baltic Sea
Managing troubled waters : the role of marine environmental monitoring
The Jacques Cousteau odyssey. 3
The sea : ideas and observations on progress in the study of the seas. 3, The earth beneath the sea : history
Biogeochemical transformations of nitrogen and phosphorus : a pelagic submodel for the Baltic Sea
Aquatic sciences and fisheries information system : taxonomic authority list
Invitation to oceanography
International directory of marine scientists
Oceanography : a view of the earth
Executive summary (s. 8-10). Conclusions and recommendations for additional investigations (s. 235-254).
Report of the Norwegian Antarctic Research Expedition 1997/98
Changes in the Greenland Sea and East Siberian Sea ice covers affecting the annual cycle of vertical salt fluxes
Technical series
Canadian bulletin of fisheries and aquatic sciences
Odious oceans
Literature on marine biology in the Baltic area published in the years 1963-1972, with the addition of some symposium papers printed in 1973 and 1975 : a bibliography
An introduction to physical oceanography
"This is the first comprehensive text on the theory and practice of aquatic organic matter fluorescence analysis, written by the experts who pioneered the research area. This book covers the topic in the broadest possible terms, providing a common reference for making measurements that are comparable across disciplines, and allowing consistent interpretation of data and results. The book includes the fundamental physics and chemistry of organic matter fluorescence, as well as the effects of environmental factors. All aspects of sample handling, data processing, and the operation of both field and laboratory instrumentation are included, providing the practical advice required for successful fluorescence analyses. Advanced methods for data interpretation and modeling, including parallel factor analysis, are also discussed. The book will interest those establishing field, laboratory, or industrial applications of fluorescence, including advanced students and researchers in environmental chemistry, marine science, environmental geosciences, environmental engineering, soil science, and physical geography"--
Executive summary (s. 6-10). Summary and conclusions (s. 401-409).
The Smithsonian Marine Science Symposium was held on 15-16 November 2007 in Washington, D.C. It represented the first major dissemination of marine research results since the establishment of the Smithsonian Marine Science Network (MSN). The 39 papers in this volume represent a wide range of marine research studies that demonstrate the breadth and diversity of science initiatives supported by the MSN. The first section contains an overview of the MSN along with papers describing the multidisciplinary investigations spanning more than 37 years for the four Smithsonian marine facilities that constitute the Network: the Smithsonian Environmental Research Center at the Chesapeake Bay, Maryland; the National Museum of Natural History's Smithsonian Marine Station at Fort Pierce, Florida; the Caribbean Coral Reef Ecosystems Program, with its Carrie Bow Marine Field Station in Belize; and the Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute in Panama. Subsequent papers represent findings by Smithsonian scholars and their collaborators on overarching topics of marine biodiversity, evolution, and speciation; biogeography, invasive species, and marine conservation; and forces of ecological change in marine systems.
Sea ice concentration off Dronning Maud Land, Antarctica
Underworld : the mysterious origins of civilization
Blue hope : exploring and caring for earth's magnificent ocean
The expeditions of Harald Ulrik Sverdrup : contexts for shaping an ocean science
Introduction to oceanography
The accuracy of FIMR wave forecasts in 2002-2005
Brazilian Antarctic activities : plans [of] activities for 1997-1998 : Antarctic Treaty: information exchange under Article VII (5) = Atividades brasileiras na Antártica : plano de atividades para 1997-1998 : Tratado da Antártica: intercâmbio de informações preconizado no Artico VII (5)
Measuring the oceans from space : the principles and methods of satellite oceanography
Feasibility of disposal of high-level radioactive waste into the seabed. Vol. 7, Review of laboratory investigations of radionuclide migration through deep-sea sediments
Deep-sea photography
Towards common evaluation procedures and performance indicators in MarinERA
Physical oceanography of coastal waters
Oceanography
Comparison of ERS-1 AMI Wind Scatterometer and SSM/I sea ice extent retrievals in the Greenland and East Siberian Seas from 1992 to 1996
Chemical oceanography. Volume 2
An introduction to the world's oceans
Report on the scientific results of the voyage of H.M.S. Challenger during the years 1873-76. Physics and chemistry, Vol. 2
Proceedings of the Colloquium on Aquatic Environment in Pacific Region on August 21-23, 1978 at Academia Sinica, Taipei, Republic of China
Feasibility of disposal of high-level radioactive waste into the seabed. Vol. 6, Deep-sea biology, biological processes and radiobiology
Marine biodiversity of Costa Rica, Central America
Feasibility of disposal of high-level radioactive waste into the seabed. Vol. 3, Geoscience characterization studies
While the European Landscape Convention adopted in Florence in 2000 by the European Council offers a public-action framework through a normative definition, the marine and submarine dimensions of landscapes are attracting growing interest from researchers worldwide. At a time when marine-conservation objectives are strongly endorsed by the Convention on Biological Diversity, the French Marine Protected Areas Agency, a public institution under the governance of the French Ministry of the Environment, has gathered prominent experts to draft the very first interdisciplinary overview of underwater seascapes, so as to initiate and lend direction to a wider reflection on this emerging research topic.
Classic dives of the world
Sixth Meeting of Experts on the Water Balance of the Baltic Sea : Hanasaari Cultural Center near Helsinki, Finland, 30 January - 2 February 1979
Contributions
The silent landscape : in the wake of HMS Challenger, 1872-1876
Hydrographic observations in Denmark Strait on the VEINS expedition with RV Aranda in August-September 1997 : technical report
Oceanerna
Across the top of Russia
Oceanography : invited lectures presented at the International Oceanographic Congress held in New York, 31 August-12 September 1959
Report on the scientific results of the voyage of H.M.S. Challenger during the years 1873-76. Physics and chemistry, Vol. 1
This great and wide sea : an introduction to oceanography and marine biology
Feasibility of disposal of high-level radioactive waste into the seabed. Vol. 2, Radiological assessment
The voyage of the 'Challenger' : the Atlantic : a preliminary account of the general results of the exploring voyage of H.M.S. 'Challenger' during the year 1873 and the early part of the year 1876. Volume 2
7th Conference of the Baltic Oceanographers in Helsinki, Finland, May 11-15, 1970. 2. part
Research vessel design
Fishing experiments in Norwegian fiords
Philip's atlas of the oceans
Underwater work : a manual of scuba commercial, salvage and construction operations
Summary (s. 9-13). Conclusions and perspectives (s. 196-206).
Report of the twentieth meeting of the Arctic Ocean Sciences board : 23-24 April 2011 [i.e. 2001], Iqaluit, Nunavut, Canada
The sea : ideas and observations on progress in the study of the seas. 5, Marine chemistry
King D. Carlos and oceanographic science
Adventures in ocean exploration : from the discovery of the Titanic to the search for Noah's flood
Feasibility of disposal of high-level radioactive waste into the seabed. Vol. 8, Review of processes near a buried waste canister
Feasibility of disposal of high-level radioactive waste into the seabed. Vol. 4, Engineering
Research projects 1995 : Finnish Institute of Marine Research annual report
Proceedings of the Smithsonian Marine Science Symposium
Sea ice and related data sets from the Baltic Sea - AICSEX - metadata report
Central issues in Finnish marine research - the societal role of the Finnish Institute of Marine Research.
Pelagic tunicates of Australia
Studies on the sinking, degradation and sedimentation of organic matter off Hanko peninsula, entrance to the Gulf of Finland, in 1979 : progress report
Norwegian Antarctic Research Expedition (NARE) 2000-2001
The quest for Noah's flood = Vedenpaisumuksen jäljillä
Comparability of nutrients in the world's ocean : INSS international workshop 10-12 Feb. 2009, Paris
The ocean, our future : The report of the Independent World Commission on the Oceans
Chemical oceanography. Volume 1
McGraw-Hill dictionary of earth science
The dynamics of the upper ocean
Executive summary (s. 6-7). Conclusions and recommendations (s. 187-189).
On the parameterization of basal heat flux for sea-ice modelling
Jacques-Yves Cousteau : exploring the wonders of the deep
As climate changes : International impacts and implications
Third biological intercalibration workshop, 27-31 August 1990, Visby, Sweden
Migrations and dispersal of marine organisms : proceedings of the 37th European Marine Biology Symposium held in Reykjavik, Iceland, 5-9 August 2002
Summary (s. 5-8).
Symposium on Oceanographic Instrumentation : Rancho Santa Fe, California, June 21-23, 1952
Regional assessment 3b, 3c : Caribbean Sea/Colombia & Venezuela, Caribbean Sea/Central America & Mexico
An introduction to marine science
Oceanographic studies of the dynamics of freshwater, oxygen and nutrients in the Baltic Sea
Starfish
Seas
Baltic Marine environment bibliography 1993-1994 : contributions by ASFA subject headings
Principles of physical oceanography
The Jacques Cousteau odyssey. 1
Science, politics & international ocean management : the uses of scientific knowledge in international negotiations
Underwater Seascapes : From geographical to ecological perspectives
"This book represents the Proceedings of the 37th European Marine Biology Symposium, held in Reykjavík, Iceland, 5-9 August 2002. The main themes of the symposium were Migrations and Dispersal of Marine Organisms. These themes are highly relevant today. There is widespread man-aided dispersal (e.g. by ballast water) of marine plants and animals, which may have substantial effects on the regions receiving new species. The new introductions may result in reduced diversity of plants and animals and may affect natural resources in the countries receiving toxic algae and other foreign elements. Studies of changes in distribution and dispersal of marine animals and plants are also highly relevant with reference to the changing climate taking place. The study of dispersal has recently gained new impetus with the discovery of the remarkable communities found on isolated hydrothermal vents and cold water seeps in the world's oceans." -- (julkaisija)
Executive summary (s. 7-10). Conclusions and recommendations (s. 152-158).
Oceans : life in the deep
The legal regime for deep seabed mining under the Law of the Sea Convention
The sea : ideas and observations on progress in the study of the seas. 4, 1, New concepts of sea floor evolution : [general observations]
Nuclear waste disposal under the seabed : assesing the policy issues
Oceanography of the North Pacific Ocean, Bering Sea and Bering Strait : a contribution toward a bibliography
Integrating marine science in Europe
Executive summary (s. 7-8).
On the Atlantic Water flow in the Nordic Seas : bifurcation and variability
Major European marine research institutes and centres : address list
The oceans atlas
Literature on the Gulf of Bothnia : publ. in the years 1950-1974
Marine resource economics
The blue planet : a natural history of the oceans
Essentials of oceanography
Oceans in 30 seconds : 30 cool topics for junior marine explorers explained in half a minute
White Sea : its marine environment and ecosystem dynamics influenced by global change
Descriptive physical oceanography : an introduction
Determination of photosynthetic pigments in seawater
Preliminary report on Ambon survey 1970
The science of the sea : a history of oceanography
The 1994 Arctic Ocean Section : the first major scientific crossing of the Arctic Ocean
The floors of the oceans : 1. the North Atlantic : text to accompany the physiographic diagram of the North Atlantic
Oceanography : exploring the planet ocean
The sea : ideas and observations on progress in the study of the seas. 2, The composition of sea-water & comparative and descriptive oceanography
Self-similarity concept in marine system modelling
Elements of physical oceanography
COUSTEAU
Baltic Marine Environment bibliography 1993-1994
Brazilian journal of oceanography
Man and the Baltic Sea. Part I & Part II
Realms of the sea
The sea : ideas and observations on progress in the study of the seas. 6, Marine modeling
The wavewatcher's companion
Literature on marine biology in the Baltic area published in the years 1953-1962
Outline of the Bonus-169 Joint Baltic Sea Research Programme : strategic development 2010-2011 & implementation 2012-2016
Biological, physical and geochemical features of enclosed and semi-enclosed marine systems : proceedings of the Joint BMB 15 and ECSA 27 Symposium, 9-13 June 1997, Åland Islands, Finland
Overview on activities 1996.
IMSI report no. 2 : the Baltic Sea ice field campaign 17-24 March 1997 : data report
The earth beneath the sea
Introductory dynamical oceanography
Indian journal of geo-marine sciences
The first oceanographic expedition : the Challenger expedition
Feasibility of disposal of high-level radioactive waste into the seabed. Vol. 5, Dispersal of radionuclides in the oceans : models, data sets and regional descriptions
The sea : ideas and observations on progress in the study of the seas. 4, 2, New concepts of sea floor evolution : regional observations. Concepts
Some techniques in coastal oceanography : being an outline of methods developed mainly in the course of ocean-outfall studies off the Natal coast
Carbon cycling in Arctic marine ecosystems : case study Young Sound
Biogeochemical transformations of nitrogen and phosphorus in the marine environment : coupling hydrodynamic and biogeochemical processes in models for the Baltic Proper
Belgian Scientific Research Programme on the Antarctic : phase IV: 1997-2000 : synopsis
Marine scientific research and the law of the sea
Song for the blue ocean : encounters along the world's coasts and beneath the seas
List of publications 1954-1986
The voyage of the 'Challenger' : the Atlantic : a preliminary account of the general results of the exploring voyage of H.M.S. 'Challenger' during the year 1873 and the early part of the year 1876. Volume 1
Institutional arrangements for marine resource development : report of the Expert Group Meeting on Institutional Arrangements for Marine Resource Development, United Nations Headquarters 10-14 January 1983
See under the sea
Biological indicators and their use in the measurement of the condition of the marine environment
Secular change of the seasonal sea level variation in the Baltic sea and secular change of the winter climate
