http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11864 hunters
hunters
Early in the North : utilization of animal resources in Northern Finland during prehistory
Guilty pleasures
The undying legion
Hunters by occupational status in Finland
Black poachers, white hunters : a social history of hunting in colonial Kenya
Forty below : traditional life in the Arctic
Networks, interaction and emerging identities in Fennoscandia and beyond : papers from the conference held in Tromsø, Norway, October 13-16 2009
The shadow revolution
Palynological investigations at the Ruhtinansalmi dwelling-site complex in Suomussalmi : anthropogenic pollen evidence for a hunter-gatherer economy
From hunter to herder? : investigating the spread of transport innovations in Northwest Siberia
Some trends of the transition from hunting to nomadic economy in Finnmark
Flesh & bone
The blue fox
In Fury of Dracula, one player assumes the role of the Count secretly moving across Europe, siring vampires, and laying traps for his pursuers. Dracula's opponents are the hunters who must discover the fiend's location and destroy him before his un-dead thralls claim dominion over the night
Rises the night : the Gardella vampire chronicles
Snow white & the huntsman : a novel
Twenty-two short stories, eleven of which were previously published, based on the Rot & Ruin series in which fifteen-year-old Benny Imura and his friends fight a zombie plague in a post-apocalyptic America. Includes a related comic book script / WorldCat.
Top secret twenty-one
Archivist Wasp : a novel
Dante Valentine : the complete series
Benny, Nix, Lou, and Lilah journey through a fierce wilderness that was once America searching for the jet they saw months ago, while evading fierce animals and a new kind of zombie / WorldCat.
Far Cry Primal : PlayStation 4
Black cat. Vol. 16 : The truth about the Tao
High Hunt
The transformation of the Siida
Snow White and the seven dwarfs
Tracing prehistoric activities : life ways, habitual behaviour and health of hunter-gatherers on Gotland
Robo-Hunter : The droid files volume 02
Baltimore. Volume 5 : The apostle and the witch or Harju
An opportunity for rural areas or a threat to local hunters? : Finnish hunters' attitudes towards hunting tourism
A pollen record of the presence of hunter-fisher communities in the vicinity of Lake Retsamo, Finnish Lapland
Out of Africa
Goat mountain : a novel
The birth of Europe : colliding continents and the destiny of nations
The revenant
When Benny Imura and his friends learn that a scientist may have discovered a cure for the zombie plague, they mount a search and rescue mission, unaware that the reapers want the cure to wipe humanity off the face of the earth / WorldCat.
Fated
"They call for us" : strategies for securing autonomy among the Paliyans, hunter-gatherers of the Palni Hills, South India
Ash
Prairie and plains Indians
"In this variation on the Cinderella story, Ash grows up believing in the fairy realm that the king and his philosophers have sought to suppress, until one day she must choose between a handsome fairy cursed to love her and the King's Huntress whom she loves."/WordCat
The mountain man's sketch book : vol. 2
Takedown twenty
On one side, a lone A.R.K. agent infiltrates a Raxxon facility, seeking to retrieve three mission targets and escape alive. Equipped with unique skills and tools, the agent moves in secret.  On the other side, two or more genetically enhanced Raxxon hunters, alerted to the intruder's presence, take no prisoners as they attempt to eliminate the A.R.K. agent before a successful escape. Super-human mutations and keen coordination aid them in their duty to destroy Raxxon's enemies.
Northlanders. Book six : Thor's daughter and other stories
Far Cry Primal : Xbox One
Survival in the rainforest : change and resilience among the Punan Vuhang of Eastern Sarawak, Malaysia
Management of wildlife richness in Finnish forests : interplay between game-related actors and actions
The vampire stalker
Fur trade letters of Willie Traill, 1864-1894
Beyond the green myth : Borneo's hunter-gatherers in the twenty-first century
A court of thorns and roses
Hunters of the recent past
Between man and beast : a tale of exploration and evolution
The mountain man's sketch book : Vol. 1
Cowboy Bebop. Vol. 2
Blood bound
Archaic hunters and gatherers in the American Midwest
Shh! We have a plan
Shadow Hunters
Cadmium intake of moose hunters in Finland from consumption of moose meat, liver and kidney
"This is an account of a remarkable nomadic people in West Africa, presumably the only hunting and foraging community to withstand its bloody legacy of slave-raiding,colonization, warfare and environmental degradation of the Sahel to our time. The book traces the history of this unique but little known people to the Banu Duku Empire in Chad in the sixth century AD that is to the very origin of the Sudanese States. Based on her own fieldwork and 'excavation' of the scanty sources on Kanem and the Bahr el Ghazal, the author offers a fascinating description of the everyday life, subsistence activities, dwellings, poetry, music and crafts of the Haddad and their interaction with pastoral and agro-pastoral groups. The book takes the reader on hunting expeditions with a group which chases gazelle and antelope into cleverly placed 'traps' of nets and describes how hunters of another group crawl up upon their prey in disguise with bow and arrow as did prehistoric man in the region known to us from Saharan rock paintings. The analysis anchors the Haddad within the complex historical and multi-ethnic setting of the region and outlines the traumatic social and cultural implications for these nomadic people of warfare, the presence of dominant groups, French colonial policies and more recent interventions by the State. The ongoing existence of nomadic peoples in West Africa has so far gone largely unnoticed. It is the intention of the book to stimulate the interest of scholars and a wider readership of African history, culture and social issues by adding this unique material on the indigenous Haddad to the puzzle."--Publisher's description.
Uncle Shelby's story of Lafcadio, the lion who shot back
Little Red Riding Hood
Fire & ash
In a post-apocalyptic world where fences and border patrols guard the few people left from the zombies that have overtaken civilization, fifteen-year-old Benny Imura is finally convinced that he must follow in his older brother's footsteps and become a bounty hunter / WorldCat.
The mystery of the black jungle
Out for blood
Archivist wasp : a novel
Highland scandal
Stephanie Plum faces her toughest case yet.
Confidentially yours
Do all roads lead to ruin? Six months have passed since the terrifying battle with Charlie Pink-eye and the Motor City Hammer in the zombie-infested mountains of the Rot and Ruin. It's also six months since Benny Imura and Nix Riley saw something that changed their lives. Now, after months of rigorous training, Benny, his zombie-hunter brother Tom and a few other friends are ready to leave their home forever and search for a better future. But everything that can possibly go wrong does. And not everyone in Benny's small band of travellers will make it out alive / WorldCat.
Specter ops : Shadow of Babel
Iron kissed
Underground airlines
The hit
Skullkickers. [Volume 6] : Infinite icons of the endless epic
Fury of Dracula
Animals as capital : comparisons among northern nomadic herders and hunters
The rescue princesses : the lost gold
A postapocalyptic ghosthunter escapes her dire fate by joining the ghost of a supersoldier on his quest to the underworld.
Elusive hunters : the Haddad of Kanem and the Bahr el Ghazal
The American West
Abstract.
The Revenant
Buffalo trail : a novel of the American west
Hunter and habitat in the central Kalahari Desert
In "Shadow Hunters", each player has a secret character identity - Shadow, Hunter, or Civilian (Neutral). Your job is to try and figure out identities in order to determine who is your ally or enemy. You'll be using Hermit cards to help as well as watching the other playerś actionson their turn. Once you identify the different secret identities, and your allies, the game play shifts to battle and survival. By making good use of the White Cards and Black Cards, or by attacking develops. In addition, you can utilize each characteŕs powerful unique ability such as "Teleport" and "Suck Blood", which would heat up the battle even further!
Tricky twenty-two
Robo-Hunter : The droid files volume 01
"It is the present-day, and the world is as we know it: smartphones, social networking and Happy Meals. Save for one thing: the Civil War never occurred.  A gifted young Black man calling himself Victor has struck a bargain with federal law enforcement, working as a bounty hunter for the US Marshall Service. He's got plenty of work. In this version of America, slavery continues in four states called "the Hard Four." On the trail of a runaway known as Jackdaw, Victor arrives in Indianapolis knowing that something isn't right - with the case file, with his work, and with the country itself.  A mystery to himself, Victor suppresses his memories of his childhood on a plantation, and works to infiltrate the local cell of a abolitionist movement called the Underground Airlines. Tracking Jackdaw through the back rooms of churches, empty parking garages, hotels, and medical offices, Victor believes he's hot on the trail. But his strange, increasingly uncanny pursuit is complicated by a boss who won't reveal the extraodinary stakes of Jackdaw's case, as well as by a heartbreaking young woman and her child who may be Victor's salvation. Victor himself may be the biggest obstacle of all - though his true self remains buried, it threatens to surface. Victor believes himself to be a good man doing bad work, unwilling to give up the freedom he has worked so hard to earn. But in pursuing Jackdaw, Victor discovers secrets at the core of the country's arrangement with the Hard Four, secrets the government will preserve at any cost. Underground Airlines is a ground-breaking novel, a wickedly imaginative thriller, and a story of an America that is more like our own than we'd like to believe"--
Goat mountain : [a novel]
Rosalind and the little deer
Baltimore. Volume two : The curse bells
The last of the mohicans
Buffy the vampire slayer : season 8, volume 3
