http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11959 obsessive-compulsive disorder
obsessive-compulsive disorder
Motivational interviewing : preparing people for change
Developmental psychopathology. Volume 1 : Theory and method
The mindfulness workbook for OCD : a guide to overcoming obsessions and compulsions using mindfulness and cognitive behavioral therapy
Why can't I stop? : reclaiming your life from a behavioral addiction
Cognitive vulnerability to emotional disorders
The man who couldn't stop : OCD and the true story of a life lost in thought
Obsessive - compulsive disorder : the facts
Handbook of addictive disorders : a practical guide to diagnosis and treatment
Obsession : a history
Monk. Season one
OCD in children and adolescents : a cognitive-behavioral treatment manual
Mess : one man's struggle to clean up his house and his act
The man who couldn't stop : the truth about OCD
Her fearful symmetry
Every Fifteen Minutes
Changing minds : our lives and mental illness
The literary and linguistic construction of obsessive-compulsive disorder : no ordinary doubt
"At some point in our lives, we all engage in behaviors that are risky, irrational, or unwise. We might find it exciting and temporarily rewarding to gamble on the lottery or impulsively buy an expensive gadget. But just as substances like alcohol and narcotics have the potential to become addictive, so do certain behaviors. A person addicted to gambling, shopping, the internet, food, or picking at their skin may suffer shame in the shadows while their behavior consumes time and energy and disrupts their life. Some people with behavioral addictions lose their family, job, savings, and home. With a physical basis in the brain, behavioral addictions are serious illnesses--but simply willing yourself to stop is usually not enough. Why Can't I Stop? is for anyone who has a behavioral addiction, as well as their supportive families and friends. Examining seven of the most common and serious addictions--gambling, sex, stealing, internet use, shopping and buying, hair pulling and skin picking, and food--the authors bring together cutting-edge research to describe behavioral addiction, its causes, and how it can be diagnosed and treated. Featuring patient stories of behavioral addiction and recovery, as well as information about treatment centers, this compassionate guide will help readers better understand the complicated issues surrounding these addictions and teach family members how to help the addicted person while helping themselves"--
Understanding addiction behaviours : theoretical and clinical practice in health and social care
Integrity : doing the right thing for the right reason
Understanding addiction has never been more important, as many professionals, from counsellors and nurses, to social workers and health psychologists, encounter addictive behaviour on a daily basis. Looking at addiction in all of its forms, this multi-disciplinary book provides a comprehensive introduction to the substances and the activities which can lead to excessive and addictive behaviour. It discusses pharmacological addictions, including both legal and illegal substances. It also covers nonpharmacological dependencies (such as internet addiction, eating disorders, gambling and sexual addiction) which, despite their prevalence, are often absent from the literature on addiction. Drawing on the field's broad evidence base, the book features: a- coverage of eleven types of addictive substances and activities, outlining signs, symptoms, adverse consequences and assessment and intervention strategies for each; a- a range of engaging reflective activities and case studies to link theoretical discussion directly to practice; a- analysis of the broader context of addiction, including dual diagnosis and harm reduction, and issues relating to diversity and service provision. Offering a rigorous introduction to the full spectrum of addictive behaviour, this book is essential reading for anyone seeking to understand the nature of addiction for contemporary practice.
Eight million gods
Clinical handbook of anxiety disorders in children and adolescents
Effect of micronutrients on tailchasin in dogs
In a book sure to inspire controversy, Gene Heyman argues that conventional wisdom about addiction - that it is a disease, a compulsion beyond conscious control - is wrong. Drawing on psychiatric epidemiology, addicts' autobiographies, treatment studies, and advances in behavioral economics, Heyman makes a powerful case that addiction is voluntary. He shows that drug use, like all choices, is influenced by preferences and goals. But just as there are successful dieters, there are successful ex-addicts. In fact, addiction is the psychiatric disorder with the highest rate of recovery. But what ends an addiction? At the heart of Heyman's analysis is a startling view of choice and motivation that applies to all choices, not just the choice to use drugs. The conditions that promote quitting a drug addiction include new information, cultural values, and, of course, the costs and benefits of further drug use. Most of us avoid becoming drug dependent, not because we are especially rational, but because we loathe the idea of being an addict. Heyman's analysis of well-established but frequently ignored research leads to unexpected insights into how we make choices - from obesity to McMansionization - all rooted in our deep-seated tendency to consume too much of whatever we like best. As wealth increases and technology advances, the dilemma posed by addictive drugs spreads to new products. However, this remarkable and radical book points to a solution. If drug addicts typically beat addiction, then non-addicts can learn to control their natural tendency to take too much.
Citalopram in the treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder : an open pilot study
The taming of Lilah May
Every fifteen minutes
The Nao of Brown
Is that my child? : exploding the myths of dyspraxia, dyslexia, Tourette's syndrome of childhood, ADD, ADHD and OCD
The everything guide to coping with perfectionism : overcome toxic perfectionism, learn to embrace your mistakes and discover the potential for positive change
Personality disorders : Toward the DSM-V
Abnormal psychology : core concepts
Transcultural studies of OCD : towards a neuroscientific approach
Overcoming anxiety, stress and panic : a five areas approach
Addiction : a disorder of choice
Understanding behavior disorders : a contemporary behavioral perspective
From thoughts to obsessions : obsessive compulsive disorders in children and adolescents
"Addictions to drugs or alcohol are usually apparent, but what about behavioral addictions? A person addicted to shoplifting or gambling, for example, or picking at their skin, may suffer in the shadows while their behavior consumes their time and energy--and disrupts their life. Legal, medical, and financial troubles are common for such a person and their loved ones, as are social and family conflicts. Behavioral addictions are serious illnesses and usually do not go away on their own--telling the loved one to simply stop doing the behavior will not work. This book is for anyone who has a behavioral addiction, and for their families and friends. It describes what a behavioral addiction is, what causes it, and how it can be diagnosed and treated. It takes an in-depth look at seven specific addictions: to gambling, stealing, sex, internet use, shopping and buying, hair pulling and skin picking, and food. Behavioral addictions have a physical basis in the brain and are addictive because, like alcohol and narcotics, they are rewarding. The addicted person spends enormous amounts of time preparing for or engaging in the habit, and in the process neglects other areas of life. He or she may also be convicted of a crime, put their sexual partner at risk of infection, lose their job due to negligence and their home due to debt. These repetitive habits persist despite negative consequences so that, ultimately, the person loses all conscious control over the behavior. The guidance provided here helps readers deal with the complicated issues surrounding these addictions, including how family members can help the addicted person while helping themselves. Dr. Grant has published many books and has appeared on CNN, BBC, GMA, The Early Show, and elsewhere"--
Exploring genetic susceptibility to autism spectrum disorders
Purity and danger now : new perspectives
Treatment plans and interventions for depression and anxiety disorders
Monk. The complete season two
