http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11912 piracy (use)
piracy (use)
Information doesn't want to be free : laws for the internet age
Modeling commercial piracy of information goods
Sonic boom : Napster, MP3, and the pioneers of music
Blocking websites : copyright enforcement online and responsibilities of internet intermediaries in Europe
Intellectual property : guidelines for promoters of training projects : october 1997
Lindum Colonia : being the episodic memoirs of Masus Manilianus, a Roman
The coming China wars : where they will be fought and how they will be won
Preliminary injunctions against intermediaries for trademark and copyright infringement
Information Doesn't Want to Be Free takes on the state of copyright and creative success in the digital age. Can small artists still thrive in the Internet era? Can giant record labels avoid alienating their audiences? This is a book about the pitfalls and the opportunities that creative industries (and individuals) are confronting today -- about how the old models have failed or found new footing, and about what might soon replace them. Information Doesn't Want to Be Free offers a guide to the ways creativity and the Internet interact today, and to what might be coming next.
Software protection, licensing and enforcement in China
Patents, profits & power : how intellectual property rules the global economy
Commercial piracy and intellectual property policy
Internet Connectivity Providers as Involuntary Copyright Enforcers : Blocking Websites in Particular
European copyright law : a commentary
Music piracy culture in the Internet
The Digital Songstream : mastering the world of digital music
My Friend p2p : Music and Internet for the Modern Entrepreneur
Piracy and welfare : tax evasion, norms and fiscal externality
Copyright theft
Copyright issues in Internet file sharing
Piracy is the biggest threat
Music and video private copying : An international survey of the problem and the law
Product piracy in China : the factors affecting product piracy and ways western companies can protect themselves against it
Publishing, piracy and politics : an historical study of copyright in Britain
Summary: "This book seeks to make an intervention into the ongoing debate about the scope and intensity of global copyright laws. While mapping out the primary actors in the context of globalization and the modern political economy of information ownership, the argument is made that alternatives to further expansion of copyright are necessary. By examining the multiple and competing interests in creating the legal regime of copyright law, this books attempts to map the political economy of copyright in the information age, critique the concentration of ownership that is intrinsic in the status quo, and provide an assessment of the state of the contemporary global copyright landscape and its futures. It draws upon the current narratives of copyright as produced by corporate, government, and political actors and frames these narratives as language games within a global political project to define how information and culture will be shared and exchanged in the future. The text problematizes the relationship of the state to culture, comments on the global flows of culture, and critiques the regulatory apparatus that is in place to commodify culture and align it with the contemporary nation-state. In the end, the possibility of non-commodified and more open futures are explored. The State of Copyright will be of particular interest for students and scholars of international political economy, law, political science, anthropology, sociology, cultural studies, library sciences, and communication studies. It also will appeal to a growing popular audience that has taken an interest in the issues of copyright. "--.
Corporate combat against intellectual property infringements : when intellectual property rights fail to suffice
Film distribution in the digital age : pirates and professionals
Selling the sixties : the pirates and pop music radio
Piracy explores the intellectual property wars from the advent of print culture in the fifteenth century to the reign of the Internet in the twenty-first. Written with a historian's flair for narrative and sparkling detail, the book swarms throughout with characters of genius, principle, cunning, and outright criminal intent. In the wars over piracy, it is the victims - from Charles Dickens to Bob Dylan - who have always been the best known, but the principal players - the pirates themselves - have long languished in obscurity, and it is their stories especially that Johns brings to vivid life in these pages.
Copyright and piracy : an interdisciplinary critique
Introduction to security
Bootlegging : romanticism and copyright in the music industry
The economic impact of counterfeiting and piracy
Enforcement of intellectual property rights through border measures : law and practice in the EU
Patent infringement monitoring
Counterfeit Products in International Business
Code wars : 10 years of P2P software ligitation
Shadow economies of cinema : mapping informal film distribution
The politics of piracy : intellectual property in contemporary China
Summary (s. 13-16).
Getting Somalia Wrong? : faith, war and hope in a shattered state
"Film Distribution in the Digital Age critically examines the evolution of the landscape of film distribution in recent years. In doing so, it argues that the interlocking ecosystem(s) of media dissemination must be considered holistically and culturally if we are to truly understand the transnational flows of cultural texts. Through a series of case studies and examples, the book presents the argument that rather than just representing the movement of an economic commodity, the act of film distribution also mediates and facilitates the social and professional relationships of film distributors. The fact that these distributors exist across a number of arenas (online/offline, official/unofficial) does not necessarily mean that their aims and motivations are necessarily distinct and oppositional. Indeed, this book argues that their actions come together to form a complex ecosystem of distribution that should be considered through the metaphor of symbiosis rather than parasitism. " --
Brand piracy and holography : case Starcke Oy
Essays on the demand for information goods
Defending the brand : aggressive strategies for protecting your brand in the online arena
Abstract: Russian audio markets : case company Stora Enso: Possibilities of the DiscBox Slider in Russia.
Bootleg! : the rise & fall of the secret recording industry
How music got free : a story of obsession and invention
International security : politics, policy, prospects
Computer ethics - selected issues concerning the morality of software piracy
Music : the business : the essential guide to the law and the deals
How music got free : the inventor, the mogul and the thief
The state of copyright : the complex relationships of cultural creation in a globalized world
How music got free : what happens when an entire generation commits the same crime?
Russian audio markets : case company Stora Enso: Possibilities of the DiscBox Slider in Russia
European scrambling systems : circuits, tactics and techniques. 5, The black book
Consumer's attitudes and intentions towards downloading of digital movies
How music got free : the end of an industry, the turn of the century, and the patient zero of piracy
Wrong assumptions, wrong conclusions: economics of intangible goods and its impact on interpretations of copyright law on the internet
The anarchist in the library : how the clash between freedom and control is hacking the real world and crashing the system
Global capital, local culture : transnational media corporations in China
Democracy of sound : music piracy and the remaking of American copyright in the twentieth century
Brand owners' awareness of brand integrity
Consumer behavior in digital era : general aspects and findings of empirical studies on digital music with a retrospective discussion
A riveting story of obsession, music, crime, and money, featuring visionaries and criminals, moguls and tech-savvy teenagers. It's about the greatest pirate in history, the most powerful executive in the music business, a revolutionary invention and an illegal website four times the size of the iTunes Music Store. Journalist Stephen Witt traces the secret history of digital music piracy, from the German audio engineers who invented the mp3, to a North Carolina compact-disc manufacturing plant where factory worker Dell Glover leaked nearly two thousand albums over the course of a decade, to the high-rises of midtown Manhattan where music executive Doug Morris cornered the global market on rap, and, finally, into the darkest recesses of the Internet. Through these interwoven narratives, Witt has written a thrilling book that depicts the moment in history when ordinary life became forever entwined with the world online--when, suddenly, all the music ever recorded was available for free. Witt introduces the unforgettable characters--inventors, executives, factory workers, and smugglers--who revolutionized an entire artform, and reveals for the first time the secret underworld of media pirates that transformed our digital lives.--From publisher description.
Pirates in politics : Internet piracy as individualised politics
Detailed analysis of methods and attitudes of illegal music downloading and copyright infringement
"A collection of texts that takes a broad perspective on digital piracy and attempts to capture the multidimensional impacts of digital piracy on capitalist society today"--
"In the early 2020s, two young, genius computer hackers, Elizabeth Santiago and David Schwartz, meet at MIT, where Schwartz is sneaking into classes, and have a brief affair. David is amoral and out for himself, and soon disappears. Elizabeth dreams of technology and space travel and takes a military job after graduating. Nearly ten years later, David is setting himself to become a billionaire by working in the shadows under a multiplicity of names for international thieves, and Elizabeth works in intelligence preventing international space piracy. With robotic mining in space becoming a lucrative part of Earth's economy, shipments from space are dropped down the gravity well into the oceans. David and Elizabeth fight for dominance of the computer systems controlling ore drop placement in international waters. If David can nudge a shipment 500 miles off its target, his employers can get there first and claim it legally in the open sea. Each one intuits that the other is their real competition but can't prove it. And when Elizabeth loses a major shipment, she leaves government employ to work for a private space company to find a better way to protect shipments. But international piracy has very high stakes and some very evil players. And both Elizabeth and David end up in a world of trouble." - Provided by publisher.
Issues in cyberspace : communication, technology, law, and society on the Internet frontier
Framing piracy : globalization and film distribution in greater China
Brandjack : how your reputation is at risk from brand pirates and what to do about it
Intellectual property rights in China : politics of piracy, trade and protection
Copyright and economic theory : friends or foes?
Piracy : leakages from modernity
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis is to explain what brand integrity (BI) is, brand owners awareness of it and why is it essential part of doing business in today's global markets. This thesis will explain the consequences of counterfeiting and the grey markets both from the perspective of the brand owner as well as the society. This thesis is done for Starcke Oy, which is a company specialized in graphical special effects and brand protection technologies.  The thesis is roughly divided in to two parts which are: theoretical and empirical. The theory part will explain the concept and reason behind brand integrity management, whereas the empirical part will explore brand owners awareness of BI-management.  The theoretical part will introduce the case company Starcke Oy, explain concepts that are important in understanding brand integrity, such as brand protection, brand and branding. The main focus is on the effects that occur for brand owners, but the effects to consumers are talked about throughout the thesis, by explaining the dangers it causes in peoples everyday lives and how closely counterfeiting and grey markets are linked to organized crime. Finally the theoretical part goes through the key risks areas and explains some of the general tools which BI-management offers.  The empirical part is a qualitative research of brand owners' awareness of brand integrity. It is realized by sending a questionnaire to some well-known Finish companies such as Aarikka and Kuusamon Uistin. It aims to explore more deeply what is the level of awareness amongst companies. The population and sample are rather small, which enables more in-depth approach.
How to leverage intellectual property rights : intellectual property rights, external effects and antitrust in the communication industry
Evaluation of quantitative and qualitative research methods in collecting data about attitudes and behaviour, international software piracy as an example
The alphabet soup of transborder intellectual property enforcement
Intellectual property, community rights and human rights : the biological and genetic resources of developing countries
Transformation of the recorded music industry to the digital age : a review of technology-driven changes in the EU copyright framework focusing on their effect on digital music markets
Answers to internet piracy
Sonic boom : Napster, MP3, and the new pioneers of music
Music & the internet revolution
The E.C. directive on rental and lending rights and on piracy
Trademark dilution : a welfare analysis
The Chinese century : the rising Chinese economy and its impact on the global economy, the balance of power, and your job
Darknet : Hollywood' s war against the digital generation
Information ethics : privacy and intellectual property
Pirate spares pose safety threat
Wired shut : copyright and the shape of digital culture
Pop idols and pirates : mechanisms of consumption and the global circulation of popular music
Copyright enforcement and the Internet
Music industry, piracy and legal remedies : comparative study of Finland and the Russian Federation
Stealth of nations : the global rise of the informal economy
OSS firms in international business context : opportunities and challenges from culture and piracy
The great white wonders : a history of rock bootlegs
Ethical issues of information systems
The empire of mind : digital piracy and the anti-capitalist movement
Copyright infringement around the world : digital piracy and its preventing practices on examples of US and China
Piracy of digital content
Essays on the economics of intellectual property rights
Post-payment copyright service for digital music : a multidisciplinary study
Confronting biopiracy : challenges, cases and international debates
Without copyrights : piracy, publishing, and the public domain
Corsair : a science fiction novel
The art of making do in Naples
Shanzhai products in everyday life : ethnographic fieldwork in China
The protection of the personality & the Internet
Criminal capital : how the finance industry facilitates crime
Digital rights management : Technological, economic, legal and political aspects
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Piracy : the intellectual property wars from Gutenberg to Gates
If you make a wrong assumption, you come to wrong conclusion. Michał Kalecki.
A blistering story of obsession, music, crime, and money. A story of visionaries, criminals and moguls. It's about the greatest pirate in history, the most powerful executive in the music business, and an illegal website four times the size of the iTunes.
"The Art of Making Do in Naples offers a riveting ethnography of the lives of men seeking personal sovereignty in a shadow economy dominated by violent organized crime networks. Jason Pine's trenchant observations and his own improvised attempts at "making do" provide a fascinating look into the lives of people in the gray zones where organized crime blends into ordinary life"--
Hot property : the stealing of ideas in an age of globalization
The pirate's dilemma : how youth culture reinvented capitalism
Effectiveness of piracy countermeasures for digital media products
