http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11943 Isopoda
Isopoda
De novo transctiptome assembly and annotation of the isopod Idotea balthica
Variation in the coloration of isopod Idotea baltica in different plant communities : local adaptation and predation
Supplementary records of terrestrial Isopoda (Oniscoidea) from Finland
Larval life history, transmission strategies, and the evolution of intermediate host exploitation by complex life-cycle parasites
A survey of the Oniscoidea (Isopoda Terr.) of Newfoundland
Scholars who accept Ben Sira's comments on women at face-value or ignore parallel comments about men preclude fundamental questions about the functions of these statements and about their contexts. Gender in the Book of Ben Sira provides a distinctly-different perspective on the discourse of gender in the extant Hebrew manuscripts. The focus on wordplay, genre-constraints, and topics named in the book's subtitle - Divine Wisdom, Erotic Poetry, and the Garden of Eden - expands the boundaries for studies of gender.
Host-related factors affectingisopod (Asellus aquaticus) susceptibility to and interaction with an acanthocephalan (Acanthocephalus lucii) parasite
Predation and mating contest as selective agents in the aquatic isopod Idotea baltica (Pallas)
Host-related factors affecting isopod (Asellus aquaticus) susceptibility to and interaction with an acanthocephalan (Acanthocephalus lucii) parasite
Hebrew in the Second Temple period : the Hebrew of the Dead Sea scrolls and of other contemporary sources : proceedings of the Twelfth International Symposium of the Orion Center for the study of the Dead Sea scrolls and associated literature and the Fifth International Symposium on the Hebrew of the Dead Sea scrolls and Ben Sira, jointly sponsored by the Eliezer Ben-Yehuda Center for the study of the history of the Hebrew language, 29-31 December, 2008
The verbal system in the Hebrew text of Ben Sira
A catalogue of the parasites and predators of insect pests. Section 1, pt. 4 , Parasite host catalogue: Parasites of the Hymenoptera, Isopoda and Isoptera
Coprophagy in isopods and diplopods: a case for indirect interaction
Effects of climate change on the survival of the marine isopod Idotea balthica (Pallas, 1772) in the Baltic Sea
Recueil de vingt-cinq articles scientifiques sur le livre de Ben Sira. Dix sont rédigés en anglais et quinze en français. Ces études ont été publiées entre 1974 et 2011. Elles sont regroupées en sept parties: I. Problème généraux, II. Ben Sira chez les Pères de l'Église, III. Exégèse de sept textes, IV. Les additions de la seconde édition, V. Trois thèmes (Ben Sira et la femme, la prière dans le livre de Ben Sira et Sagesse et culte selon Ben Sira), VI. Intertextualité (Ben Sira et Genèse, Qohélet, Sagesse de Salomon), VII. Aujourd'hui (status questionis). L'ouvrage s'achève par un index des noms propres cités et par un copieux index des références. Ce recueil intéresse non seulement les spécialistes de l'œuvre de Ben Sira dans son texte original hébreu et dans ses versions antiques, mais aussi les théologiens que la pensée de Ben Sira et sa place dans les Écritures préoccupent.
Gender in the book of Ben Sira : divine wisdom, erotic poetry, and the Garden of Eden
Insects and spiders of the world. Vol. 7, Owlet moth - scorpion
Innovations in Hebrew poetry : parallelism and the poems of Sirach
Invertebrates of Scandinavian caves V : Diplopoda, Chilopoda, Isopoda and Amphipoda
Cirolanidae (Crustacea: Isopoda: Flabellifera) of the tropical eastern Pacific
What have women to do with the rise of canon-consciousness in early Judaism? Quite a lot, Claudia Camp argues, if the book written by the early second-century BCE scribe, Ben Sira, is any indication. One of the few true misogynists in the biblical tradition, Ben Sira is beset with gender anxiety, fear that his women will sully his honor, their shame causing his name to fail from the eternal memory of his people. Yet the same Ben Sira appropriates the idealized figure of cosmic Woman Wisdom from Proverbs, and identifies her with 'the book of the covenant of the most high God, the law that Moses commanded us'. This, then, is Ben Sira's dilemma: a woman (Wisdom) can admit him to eternity but his own women can keep him out. It is Camp's thesis that these conflicted perceptions of gender are fundamental to Ben Sira's appropriation and production of authoritative religious literature, and that a critical analysis of his gender ideology is thus essential for understanding his relationship to an emerging canon. Ben Sira writes a book, and writes himself into his book, creating a possession into which he can sublimate his anxiety about the women he cannot truly possess and the God he cannot truly trust. What is more, if Ben Sira can be considered representative of his scribal class and context, his work may also provide a window into aspects of the larger cultural process of canon building, including the question of whether we would have a canon at all—or have the canon we have—if the men in that particular patriarchal culture had not coded it in the gendered terms that Ben Sira did.
No small difference : Sirachs relationship to its Hebrew parent text
Conservatism and innovation in the Hebrew language of the Hellenistic period : proceedings of a fourth International symposium on the Hebrew of the Dead Sea scrolls & Ben Sira
Marine Isopoda of the families Serolidæ, Idotheidæ, Pseudidotheidæ, Arcturidæ, Parasellidæ and Stenetriidæ mainly from the South Atlantic
A catalogue of the parasites and predators of insect pests. Section 1, Parasite host catalogue. Part 4, Parasites of the Hymenoptera, Isopoda and Isoptera
La sabiduría del escriba : edición diplomática de la versión siriaca del libro de Ben Sira según el Códice Ambrosiano, con traducción española e inglesa = Wisdom of the scribe : diplomatic edition of the Syriac version of the book of Ben Sira according to Codex Ambrosianus, with translations in Spanish and English
Tropical deep-sea benthos. Volume 24
Eutrophication and grazing pressure on the brown alga Fucus vesiculosus by the herbivorous isopod Idotea baltica
Ben Sira is properly regarded as one of the most significant representatives of Jewish wisdom literature. Georg Sauer, the renowned Viennese Old Testament scholar, addresses the many sides of these scriptural writings in the present volume. He explores text-immanent questions regarding the structure, content, and theological meaning of Ben Sira's book in consideration of evidence from Hebrew and Greek texts. In addition, this study illuminates the historical background and context for Ben Sira's work as well as explores questions about the history of its interpretation in Judaism and Christianity.
Like an everlasting signet ring : generosity in the book of Sirach
Wisdom's root revealed : Ben Sira and the election of Israel
Evolutionary resolutions of conflicts with mates and offspring
Studies in the Book of Ben Sira : papers of the Third International Conference on the Deuterocanonical Books, Shimeʻon Centre, Pápa, Hungary, 18-20 May, 2006
"Happy the one who meditates on wisdom" (Sir. 14,20) : collected essays on the Book of Ben Sira
The function of Torah in Sirach
1 Enoch and Sirach : a comparative literary and conceptual analysis of the themes of revelation, creation, and judgment
Local and sexual divergence in host-use traits and anti-predator adaptations in the marine herbivore Idotea balthica
Textualising the Siri epic
Praise Israel for wisdom and instruction : essays on Ben Sira and Wisdom, the Letter of Aristeas and the Septuagint
Ben Sira and the men who handle books : gender and the rise of canon-consciousness
"The Hebrew of the Late Second Temple Period is directly attested in the Scrolls from Qumran and other manuscripts discovered in the Judaean Desert. Indirectly, it is also found in some manuscripts copied in later times, which still preserve linguistic elements of the Hebrew from the period in which the texts were authored. Often referred to as the Hebrew of the Dead Sea Scrolls or Qumran Hebrew, and positioned chronologically between Biblical Hebrew and Mishnaic Hebrew, its nature remains disputed. Some essays in this volume deal with linguistic and philological problems of this Late Second Temple Period Hebrew. Other papers discuss the nature and linguistic profile of the Hebrew of the Dead Sea Scrolls"--
Libraries, translations, and 'canonic' texts : the Septuagint, Aquila and Ben Sira in the Jewish and Christian traditions
Jesus ben Sira of Jerusalem : a biblical guide to living wisely
Ecclesiasticus, or, The wisdom of Jesus son of Sirach
The wisdom of Ben Sira : studies on tradition, redaction, and theology
Language and interpretation in the Syriac text of Ben Sira : a comparative linguistic and literary study
Ecological and genetic adaptions of Idotea spp. (Crustacea, Isopoda)
Structuring factors for macroinvertebrate communities and the importance for ecosystem processing
The Hebrew text of Sirach : a text-critical and historical study
The Hebrew of the Dead Sea Scrolls and the book of Ben Sira can be properly understood only in the light of all contemporary Second Temple period sources. With this in mind, 20 experts from Israel, Europe, and the United States convened in Jerusalem in December 2008. These proceedings of the Twelfth Orion Symposium and Fifth International Symposium on the Hebrew of the Dead Sea Scrolls and Ben Sira examine the Hebrew of the Second Temple period as reflected primarily in the Dead Sea Scrolls, the book of Ben Sira, Late Biblical Hebrew, and Mishnaic Hebrew. Additional contemporaneous sources - inscriptions, Greek and Latin transcriptions, and the Samaritan oral and reading traditions of the Pentateuch - are also noted.
Simon the High Priest in Sirach 50 : an exegetical study of the significance of Simon the High Priest as climax to the Praise of the fathers in Ben Sira's concept of the history of Israel
The texts and versions of the Book of Ben Sira : transmission and interpretation
Rewriting biblical history : essays on Chronicles and Ben Sira in honor of Pancratius C. Beentjes
Hebrew of the late Second Temple period : proceedings of a sixth international symposium on the Hebrew of the Dead Sea scrolls and Ben Sira
An account of the Crustacea of Norway with short descriptions and figures of all the species. Vol. 2, Isopoda
Full of praise : an exegetical study of Sir 39, 12-35
Wisdom in transition : act and consequence in second temple instructions
