http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11981 dictators
dictators
The last town
Archangel : a novel
Tyranny : a new interpretation
Wayward Pines : 3 in 1 collection
The main focus of this book is to analyse and explain, rather than merely narrate, developments of modern war. The volume will present up-to-date and genuinely original scholarship that has not been previously published. This collection deals with three of the most important themes of historical studies: the way history is or ought to be written, the nature of dictatorships, and the nature of wars. The primary focus is on modern Europe and two defining experiences in the first half of the twentieth century, namely the First and Second World Wars and totalitarian dictatorships. Both remain issues of intense debates and with ever widening ramifications. It provides a unique overview of the current state of research on three important themes that are of great interest to scholars, and students. Each essay and a substantial introduction summarises complex findings, approaching the topic from a variety of perspectives (19th and 20th century history; national and regional history; comparative history; cartography; and, biographical, intellectual, structural, social and military history) thus challenging traditional interpretations and methodologies, and addressing unresolved questions. The book brings together a mix of established and younger experts thinking critically about these major themes and writing accessible and stimulating pieces that challenge existing interpretations and suggest ways the subjects are changing. The contributors tackle big issues and dare to come up with bold explanations.
Hitler. Ascent, 1889-1939
Mugabe : power and plunder in Zimbabwe
The expendables
The last dictatorship in Europe : Belarus under Lukashenko
In December 2003, after one of the largest, most aggressive manhunts in history, US military forces captured Iraqi president Saddam Hussein near his hometown of Tikrit. Beset by body-double rumors and false alarms during a nine-month search, the Bush administration needed positive identification of the prisoner before it could make the announcement that would rocket around the world. At the time, John Nixon was a senior CIA leadership analyst who had spent years studying the Iraqi dictator. Called upon to make the official ID, Nixon looked for telltale scars and tribal tattoos and asked Hussein a list of questions only he could answer. The man was indeed Saddam Hussein, but as Nixon learned in the ensuing weeks, both he and America had greatly misunderstood just who Saddam Hussein really was. Debriefing the President presents an astounding, candid portrait of one of our era's most notorious strongmen.
"Archaeology Under Dictatorship demonstrates that the study of archaeology as it evolved under modern dictatorships is today, more than ever, of critical importance. For example, in many European countries those who practiced archaeology under dictatorship are retiring or dying. In some places, their intellectual legacy is being pursued uncritically by a younger generation of archaeologists. Now is the time, therefore, to understand how archaeologists have supported, and sometimes subverted, dictatorial political ideologies. In studying archaeology as practiced under totalitarian dictatorship, that most harsh of political systems, light is shed on the issue of politics and archaeology generally. This volume aims to provide a theoretical basis for understanding the specific effects of totalitarian dictatorship upon the practice of archaeology, both during and after the dictator's reign. The nine essays explore experiences from every corner of the Mediterranean: from the heartlands of Italy, Spain, and Greece, to the less well-known shores of Albania and Libya. With its wide range of case-studies and strong theoretical orientation, this volume is a major advance in the study of the history and politics of archaeology. The Mediterranean focus will also make it thought-provoking reading for classical archaeologists and historians."
Archaeology under dictatorship
Worst of the worst : dealing with repressive and rogue nations
"Running with the idea that our homes are where we are truly ourselves, Dictator style examines the frightening interior decoration tastes of some of history's most alarming despots--and proves that absolute power corrupts absolutely, right down to the drapes"--Jacket.
Tropico 5 : limited special edition : Xbox 360
The psychology of dictatorship
The devil's double
Grey wolf : Mustafa Kemal : an intimate study of a dictator
The century of warfare. Volume 4, War to end all war? 1918 and the aftermath ; Enter the dictators 1920-1935
Dictators and Dictatorships is a qualitative enquiry into the politics of authoritarian regimes. It argues that political outcomes in dictatorships are largely a product of leader-elite relations. Differences in the internal structure of dictatorships affect the dynamics of this relationship. This book shows how dictatorships differ from one another and the implications of these differences for political outcomes. In particular, it examines political processes in personalist, military, single-party, monarchic, and hybrid regimes. The aim of the book is to provide a clear definition of what dictatorship means, how authoritarian politics works, and what the political consequences of dictatorship are. It discusses how authoritarianism influences a range of political outcomes, such as economic performance, international conflict, and leader and regime durability. Numerous case studies from around the world support the theory and research presented to foster a better understanding of the inner workings of authoritarian regimes. By combining theory with concrete political situations, the book will appeal to undergraduate students in comparative politics, international relations, authoritarian politics, and democratization. -- T.p. verso.
The feast of the goat
Napoleon and his collaborators : the making of a dictatorship
The great leader and the fighter pilot : escaping tyranny in North Korea
Tropico 5 : complete collection : PS4
Franco : a biographical history
A pictorial history of Joseph Stalin
Tragedies of tyrants : political thought and theater in the English Renaissance
Stalin's daughter
Saddam : king of terror
The spider's war
A Predictable Tragedy : Robert Mugabe and the destruction of Zimbabwe
Sisällysluettelo: 1. Hitler as leader of "party, state, and armed forces" -- Character and talent -- From popular leader to gambler with destiny -- Hitler's foreign policy during the war -- Hitler the soldier -- The leader state : chaos in leadership -- The Führer's will and the will of the people -- pt. 2. Scenes from Hitler's life -- Postscript.
Belarus : the last European dictatorship
Talk of the devil : [encounters with seven dictators]
Monsters : history's most evil men and women
Tropico 5 : limited special edition : Xbox 360.
The successor : a novel
Franco's crypt : Spanish culture and memory since 1936
Tropico 5 : limited special edition : PS4
The age of the dictators : a study of the european dictatorships, 1918-1953
Lenin, Stalin and Hitler : the age of social catastrophe
Hitler : a study in tyranny
It can't happen here
Sebestyen's biography is the first major work in English for nearly two decades on one of the most significant figures of the twentieth century. In Russia to this day Lenin inspires adulation. Everywhere, he continues to fascinate as a man who made history, and who created a new kind of state that would later be imitated by nearly half the countries in the world. Lenin believed that the 'the political is the personal', and while in no way ignoring his political life, Sebestyen's focus will be on Lenin the man - a man who loved nature almost as much as he loved making revolution, and whose closest ties and friendships were with women. The long-suppressed story of his menage a trois with his wife, Nadezhda Krupskaya, and his mistress and comrade, Inessa Armand, reveals a different character to the coldly one-dimensional figure of legend. Told through the prism of Lenin's key relationships, Sebestyen casts a new light the Russian Revolution, one of the great turning points of modern history.
Debriefing the president : the interrogation of Saddam Hussein
The Limits of art : two essays
Tropico 4 : gold edition : Xbox 360
Stalin's daughter : the extraordinary and tumultuous life of Svetlana Alliluyeva
Adolf Hitler
Hitler : Ascent 1889-1939
Sandstorm : Libya in the time of revolution
Mussolini : the last 600 days of il Duce
The dark charisma of Adolf Hitler : leading millions into the abyss
My fault : Mussolini as I knew him
Tropico 5 : limited special edition : PlayStation 4
Encyclopedia of modern dictators : from Napoleon to the present
The conquerors
Dictators & tyrants : absolute rulers and would-be rulers in word history
Given his status as arguably the most despised political figure in history, it is surprising that there have only been four serious biographies of the Fuhrer since the 1930s. Perhaps even more surprisingly, his biographers have been more interested in how he came to power and how he exercised his leadership than in Hitler the person. Yet to render Hitler as a political animal with no personality to speak of, as a man of limited intelligence and poor social skills, does little to explain the spell that he cast not only on those close to him but on the German people as a whole. In the first volume of this magisterial biography, Volker Ullrich sets out to correct our perception of the Fuhrer. While charting in detail Hitler's life from his childhood to the eve of the Second World War, Ullrich unveils the man behind the public persona: his charming and repulsive traits, his talents and weaknesses, his deep-seated insecurities and murderous passions.
North Korea : another country
A pictorial history of Adolf Hitler
Franco : the biography of the myth
Explaining Hitler : the search for the origins of his evil
The pale house
The state of blood : the inside story of Idi Amin
The tyrants
Dictators at war and peace
The meaning of Hitler
Dictators' homes
Political economy of dictatorship
The dictator and the hammock
Appeasement of the dictators : crisis diplomacy?
The dictators : Hitler's Germany and Stalin's Russia
Dictator style : lifestyles of the world's most colorful despots
The dictator's last night
Understand Mussolini's Italy
The psychology of dictatorship : based on an examination of the leaders of Nazi Germany
Tyrant. The Complete First Season
The Hitler I knew : the memoirs of the Third Reich's press chief
Tropico 4 : gold edition : Xbox 360.
Shigeru Mizuki's Hitler : [a master cartoonist and veteran tells the life story of the man who started the second world war]
The rich : from slaves to super-yachts : a 2000-year history
Rethinking history, dictatorship and war : new approaches and interpretations
Sawdust Caesar : the untold history of Mussolini and fascism
Dictatorship in Spanish America
The Nazi dictatorship : problems and perspectives of interpretation
Lenin the dictator : an intimate portrait
Commando
Dictators and dictatorships : understanding authoritarian regimes and their leaders
Saddam : his rise and fall
Papa Doc : Haiti and its dictator
Stalin : a beginner's guide
Hitler : a short biography
