http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11924 stock exchanges
stock exchanges
What is an exchange? : the automation, management, and regulation of financial markets
Shareholder Wealth and Volatility Effects on Stock Splits Some Results on Data for the Helsinki and Stockholm Stock Exchanges
International Encyclopedia of the Stock Market. Volume One, A through L
Abstract.
Perspectives on company law. 2
Assessing causal linkages between the emerging stock  markets of Asia and Russia
The alchemy of finance
Getting started in commodities
Big Money Little Effort : A Winning Strategy for Profitable Long-term Investment
The house of Nomura : the inside story of the world's most powerful company
Technical stock analysis : for reduced risks and increased returns
Institutional arrangements and efficiency on the Swedish stock market
Are there economies of scale in stock exchange activities?
Equities : an introduction to the core concepts
The death of corporate reputation : how integrity has been destroyed on Wall Street
The costs of raising equity ratio for banks : evidence from publicly listed banks operating in Finland
The almanac of online trading : the indispensable reference guide for trading stocks, bonds, and futures online
In this book the author argues that post-crisis Wall Street continues to be controlled by large banks and explains how a small, diverse group of Wall Street men have banded together to reform the financial markets. A report on a high-tech predator stalking the equity markets, this book is about a small group of Wall Street guys who figure out that the U.S. stock market has been rigged for the benefit of insiders and that, post-financial crisis, the markets have become not more free but less, and more controlled by the big Wall Street banks. Working at different firms, they come to this realization separately; but after they discover one another, they band together and set out to reform the financial markets. This they do by creating an exchange in which high-frequency trading, source of the most intractable problems, will have no advantage whatsoever. The characters are each completely different from what you think of when you think "Wall Street guy." Several have walked away from jobs in the financial sector that paid them millions of dollars a year. From their new vantage point they investigate the big banks, the world's stock exchanges, and high-frequency trading firms as they have never been investigated, and expose the many strange new ways that Wall Street generates profits. The author shines a light into the darkest corners of the financial world, where anyone in contact with the market, even a retirement account, is part of the story. But in the end, this is the story of people who have somehow preserved a moral sense in an environment where you don't get paid for that; they have perceived an institutionalized injustice and are willing to go to war to fix it.
An econometric investigation between volatility and trading volume of the Helsinki and New York stock exchanges : a firm level approach
Nacionalinė vertybiniu̜ popieriu̜ birža : 1996 = National stock exchange of Lithuania
International security market imperfections; Winners and losers anomaly in Helsinki stock exchange : Is it possible to earn abnormal returns by studying past performance? Empirical study
HEX-index : calculation principles and formulas
Complete guide to investing in the stock market : the easy way
Beat the crowd : how you can out-invest the herd by thinking differently
Stock price reaction to layoff announcements in Finland : inter-industry differences
How to make money in stocks: a winning system in good times or bad
The anatomy of the Tallinn Stock Exchange
Bidder behavior in multiple unit auctions : evidence from Swedish treasury auctions
Do football match outcomes impact stock prices of firms of the same geographic area? : evidence from Germany
The alchemy of finance : reading the mind of the market
Imagine a city within a city, where monsters walk the street and magic fills the night. This is New York, but not as you know it. This New York is a city of magic and monsters. Where ordinary people live alongside demons and nightmares, completely unaware of them. New York is home to M, a man with a past...and a secret. He knows more about the creatures who call his city home than anyone else in the world. He walks between the two worlds, at home in neither but more than comfortable in both. M is the man the monsters call when things get bad. And things are about to get really, really bad.
Central counterparty settlement model and its impacts on the Finnish equity market
The big board : a history of the New York stook market
How the stock market really works : the guerrilla investor's secret handbook
Perspectives on company law. 1
Irrational exuberance
The Role of Nigeria Capital Market in the Growth of the Industrial Sector
Fundamental analysis for dummies
The Great crash 1929
On factors affecting the share prices of real estate companies listed at Helsinki stock exchange
Economic exposure on the Helsinki stock exchange and a test for market efficiency
Performance of Exchange-traded Fund in the Nordic Market
Trading volume and international trading in stocks : their impact on stock price volatility
Study on obstacles to takeover bids in the European Community : Executive summary
HEX-indeksien laskenta = Calculation of HEX indices
Capital markets and financial intermediation
The stock market explained : your guide to successful investing
Preliminary tests on price formation and weak-form  efficiency in Baltic stock exchanges
The challenges and opportunities of taking a small software business public : case of Sparecom PLC
Investing secrets of the masters : applying classical investment ideas to today's turbulent markets
Corporate social responsibility reporting and financial market performance : do investors care about CSR disclosures
Plumbers and visionaries : securities settlement and Europe's financial market
Flash boys : a Wall Street revolt
Understanding global issues : a periodic briefing with topic map, illustrations, charts, facts and analysis. 1999, 3 : Money across frontiers : the explosion of global finance
Empirical evidence on earnings and analysts' earnings forecasts
Implementation of IFRS in Finland and in the UK
Confessions of a citygirl : The old men have lost it. The city boys have blown it. Here comes the girl
City state : a contemporary history of the city of London and how money triumphed
Standards of self-regulation of the securities markets
Dual listing and price discovery : the role of the domestic market
Transmissions of international stock market movements to Helsinki stock exchange
The post-earnings announcement drift : evidence from the finnish stock market
Essays on industry portfolios and macroeconomic news
A study on the stock market's reaction to dividend announcements : evidence from Helsinki Stock Market
The believers : how America fell for Bernard Madoff's $65 billion scam
The hour between dog and wolf : risk-taking, gut feelings and the biology of boom and bust
Insider dealing : law and regulation
Exploiting the value premium : an empirical  test at the Helsinki stock exchange
Security analysis
We test the informational efficiency of the three Baltic stock exchanges.It was found that the price indices used in testing are not even weak-form efficient, ie past returns can be used to predict future returns.It was also found that the time series of daily returns clearly exhibit autoregressive conditional heteroscedasticity. We also test Granger causality amongst the Baltic stock exchanges and from three stock exchanges outside the region.Outside the region only US market seems to affect prices in the Baltic stock exchanges.Inside the region Tallinn and Riga stock exchanges have clear effects on Lithuanian stock market, but Lithuanian market does not affect the other two. Keywords: Baltic countries, stock markets, efficiency .
Questions & answers : China's securities market
International Encyclopedia of the Stock Market. Volume Two, M through Z
Efficiency of the stock exchanges and merging markets : the liquidity study of the Helsinki Stock Exchange in 1999-2004
The hellhound of Wall Street : how Ferdinand Pecora's investigation of the great crash forever changed American finance
The legislation related to securities markets in the Baltic states An additional report on the latest developments in the area february 2001 - march 2002
Global financial markets revolution : the future of exchanges and global capital markets
Den of thieves
Estonian Securities Market : Yearbook 1998.
The fortune tellers : inside Wall Street's game of money, media, and manipulation
George Wollsten : expert stock and grain trader
The death of gentlemanly capitalism : the rise and fall of London's investment banks
Regulating financial services and markets in the twenty first century
The legal framework of the U.S. securities market : a short introduction
Buffett : the making of an American capitalist
The effects of changes in index composition : evidence from NASDAQ OMXH
The great crash : how the stock market crash of 1929 plunged the world into depression
Securities Clearing and Settlement on Ghana Stock Exchange : A Study of an Emerging Stock Market
The regulation of insider dealing in Britain
Arbitrage pricing theory and its empirical applicability for the Helsinki stock exchange
The new commodity trading systems and methods
Stock market efficiency : theory, evidence and implications
Baltic securities markets
The Arab world facing the challenge of the new millenium
Fiasco : the inside story of a Wall Street trader
This article gives an overview of the role, microstructure and the present state of development of the Tallinn Stock Exchange (TSE). This topic has not been discussed widely enough by foreign media because the TSE is still quite young, having commenced operations on 31 May 1996.The rules of the TSE allow a certain degree of freedom but at the same time entail fairly high standards for participants.That is one of the reasons why activity on the TSE is growing so rapidly.For the year, the TSE outperformed the stock exchanges in Riga and Vilnius in many areas, as measured by most indicators.The TSE has also provided numerous benefits to both Estonia and companies whose shares are traded.For instance, Estonia's financial system is now considered to have reached a developed stage and companies are finding it easier to raise capital because the TSE provides an objective assessment of their value.  Keywords:Equities markets, stock exchanges, Estonia .
The market is always right : the 10 principles of trading any market
European stock exchange handbook
Investing and the impact of societal circumstances to investment behaviour
Regulations on the trading of shares 1994 ; Regulations on the trading of debt instruments 1994.
Arbitrage on cross-listed equity
Does Sweden need a mandatory bid rule? : a critical analysis
Essays on managerial myopia and subject positions in companies with different governance structures
Antitakeover provisions and performance : evidence from the Nordic countries
Values in the marketplace : the American stock market under federal securities law
Arbitrage opportunities in the Swedish stock index spot and derivatives markets
Contested bids and defence tactics : the Norwegian point of view
Return distributions on a thin security market : empirical evidence and a possible explanation
Securities markets are important for economic growth, providing a channel for savings flows from sectors of the economy with surpluses to sectors where the investment opportunities exceed current resources.This study describes the emergence and evolution of securities markets in three small transition economies: Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania.While these markets are still in early stages of development, much of the requisite institutional and regulatory framework are already in place.The equity market has developed most rapidly in Estonia.In Latvia and Lithuania, the financing needs of the central government have prompted development of treasury-bill markets.Work on integrating the equity markets is underway, part of a general trend toward integration of the securities markets in the three Baltic states. .
Essays on initial public offerings, empirical findings from the Helsinki Stock Exchange
Madoff with the money
Flash boys : cracking the money code
The snowball : Warren Buffett and the business of life
"In this revised, updated, and expanded edition of his New York Times bestseller, Nobel Prize-winning economist Robert Shiller, who warned of both the tech and housing bubbles, now cautions that signs of irrational exuberance among investors have only increased since the 2008-9 financial crisis. With high stock and bond prices in the United States, and rising housing prices in many countries, the post-subprime boom may well turn out to be another illustration of Shiller's influential argument that psychologically driven volatility is an inherent characteristic of all asset markets. In other words, Irrational Exuberance is as relevant as ever. But Irrational Exuberance is about something far more important than the current situation in any given market because the book explains the forces that move all markets up and down. It shows how investor euphoria can drive asset prices up to dizzying and unsustainable heights, and how, at other times, investor discouragement can push prices down to very low levels. Previous editions covered the stock and housing markets--and famously predicted their crashes. This new edition expands its coverage to include the bond market, so that the book now addresses all of the major investment markets. This edition also includes updated data throughout, as well as Shiller's 2013 Nobel Prize lecture, which puts the book in broader context. In addition to diagnosing the causes of asset bubbles, Irrational Exuberance recommends urgent policy changes to lessen their likelihood and severity--and suggests ways that individuals can decrease their risk before the next bubble bursts. No one whose future depends on a retirement account, a house, or other investments can afford not to read it"--Provided by publisher.
Financial options
European banking and financial law
Liquidity effects of alternate equity issuance methods
Dictionary of stock exchange and investment terms : an annotated guide and almanac for share and property investors at all levels
The first book of investing : the absolute beginner's guide to building wealth safely
The impact of performance-based CEO compensation on firm performance and valuation
Winning the loser's game : timeless strategies for successful investing
Estonian Securities Market : Yearbook 1996 and 1997.
Derivative instruments law
Futures options and markets : trading in financials and commodities
A gripping account of the underdog Senate lawyer who unmasked the financial wrongdoing that led to the Crash of 1929 and forever changed the relationship between Washington and Wall Street.
Pörssiyhtiöt 1984 = Listed companies in Finland
Trading Nokia: The roles of the Helsinki vs. the New York Stock Exchanges
Demutualization of stock exchanges : problems, solutions and case studies
Forecasting Russian real economy with financial market information
The great bull market : Wall Street in the 1920s
Trade Mindfully : achieve your optimum trading performance with mindfulness and cutting edge psychology
The proposed financial transaction tax : extraterritorial effect, tax evasion and other legal problems facing the proposal
Competition between European stock exchanges
Announcements, tax-loss selling and the January effect
Determinants of capital structure : evidence on Chinese companies
Rainbow's end : the crash of 1929
On the characteristics behind the decision to list on foreign stock exchanges : empirical evidence with Finnish data
London markets after the financial services act
Young money : inside the hidden world of Wall Street's post-crash recruits
Stock market reactions to profit warnings : effects of market trends and warning specification
Business adventures : twelve classic tales from the world of Wall Street
This paper examines the driving forces in stock market fluctuations in Russia.We found no evidence of a causal relationship running from the emerging stock markets of Asia to Russia.Instead, US and Japanese share price movements seem to have strong implications for Russian share prices. Keywords: Russia, stock markets, causality testing .
The greatest trade ever : how John Paulson bet against the markets and made $20 Billion
Shares made simple : a beginner's guide to the stock market
Corporate social responsibility reporting in large listed Vietnamese companies
How the stock market works : a beginner's guide to investment
Decay time : a Wall Street murder and morality tale
Essays on empirical asset pricing
The internationalisation of capital markets and the regulatory response
Financial services in the new Europe : the Comparative law yearbook of international business : special issue, 1992
Agenda for a New Economy: from phantom wealth to real wealth
The five keys to value investing
Corporate social responsibility disclosure practices in Vietnam : differences between English and Vietnamese versions of large listed companies
F.I.A.S.C.O. : blood in the water on Wall Street
Seasonal affective disorder (SAD) effect on stock market : evidence from Swedish stock market
Securities markets of Estonia : institutional structure and efficiency
The London Stock Exchange : a history
A Random walk down Wall Street : including a life-cycle guide to personel investing
Swedish stock market prices : analysis and forecast of weekly returns : final thesis
A city dreaming
The buy side
Overcome psychological obstacles to increase trading success Successful traders need to be well-versed and skilled in a wide range of business and economic areas. But now, in addition to effective trading strategies and sound money management techniques, traders need to possess the know-how to handle the mental and emotional challenges of working in a highly volatile environment. Excellence in Trading is a unique resource that applies cutting-edge psychological techniques to trading skills, allowing readers to improve their mental outlooks and maximize the potential of their trading strategies.
Behaviors in Markets Conditions Before Stock Market Crash
No one would listen : a true financial thriller
