http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11926 headphones
headphones earphones
"Long ignored by scholars in the humanities, sound has just begun to take its place as an important object of study in the last few years. Since the late 19th century, there has been a paradigmatic shift in auditory cultures and practices in European societies. This change was brought about by modern phenomena such as urbanization, industrialization and mechanization, the rise of modern sciences, and of course the emergence of new sound recording and transmission media. This book contributes to our understanding of modern European history through the lens of sound by examining diverse subjects such as performed and recorded music, auditory technologies like the telephone and stethoscope, and the ambient noise of the city"--Provided by publisher.
The art of sound reproduction
Estimating pressure at the eardrum for binaural reproduction
Communicational elements in stereo headphones sales packages
Loudspeaker and headphone handbook
Equalization techniques for headphone listening
Integration of injection molded audio components
Abstract.
Perceived quality evaluation : an application to sound reproduction over headphones
Development and evaluation of augmented reality audio systems
Sounds of modern history : auditory cultures in 19th- and 20th- century Europe
Audio and Hi-Fi handbook
Measurements for transducers in mechanics
This thesis aims at finding out what the important and meaningful communicational factors are in sales packages when a consumer is making buying decisions? The study concentrates in the stereo headsets sales packages. A sales package has been recognized to be a powerful way to communicate and contact the customer and it has become a significant tool for marketing communication. Growing amount of self-service based sales points has increased the sales package`s communicational value. The theory part contains an overview of packaging development discussing the phases in a typical sales package project as well as the description of objectives and decisions in different phases. Also the communicational elements of a sales package, such as package style, colors, images and package and brand are dealt with in general terms. The research part contains detailed evaluation of four different brands stereo headphones sales packages and findings from consumer interviews. Based on observations from interviews and evaluations of existing sales packages ideas how to develop and improve the sales package communication of stereo headphones are suggested to Nokia Accessories.
