http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11935 service life
service life
Buildings and constructed assets : service life planning. Part 5, Life-cycle costing
Välkky kirjastoauto : a service & interaction design concept
Dental fear among adults in Finland
Integrated life cycle design of structures
Long-term effects of the cholesterol level and its drug treatment
Mental health in middle adolescence : associations of family factors with diverse maladjustment outcomes
Health and social service use among older people : the last two years of life
Buildings and constructed assets : service life planning. Part 10, When to assess functional performance
Ariadne's thread
Generational use of new media
Buildings and constructed assets : service life planning. Part 3, Performance audits and reviews
Advances in adolescent mental health : a research-practice annual. Vol. 1, Mental health disorders in adolescence : part B
Buildings and constructed assets : service life planning. Part 1, General principles and framework
Advances in adolescent mental health : a research-practice annual. Vol. 1, Mental health disorders in adolescence : part A
Early retirement and use of time by older Finns
Sustainable Approaches in Construction and their influence on Building Value : The quantification of sustainble buildings value in Germany
The harvesting decisions when a standing forest with multiple age-classes has value
Service life of hot-dip galvanised reinforcement bars in carbonated and chloride-contaminated concrete
Diagnostics and determinants of schizophrenia : the Northern Finland 1966 birth cohort study
Poisonings in Finnish children
Buildings and constructed assets : service life planning. Part 7, Performance evaluation for feedback of service life data from practice
Happy time : three papers on international and national trends in leisure time
Heavy use of oral health services
Structural and functional findings in exudative age-related long-term macular degeneration
The complexity of mobile phone recycling : developing user-centered design guidelines and future concepts for mobile phone collection
Amyloid-β deposition in the brains of subjects with cerebrovascular disease, diabetes, synucleinopathy and alcohol abuse : a human post mortem study
Buildings and constructed assets : service life planning. Part 9, Guidance on assessment of service-life data
The sources of complementary competitive advantages for systems' manufacturers in the aircraft modernization market
Eastern Finnish saccular intracranial aneurysm disease : role of type 2 diabetes and hypertension temporal pattern of incidence
V International PhD Student Workshop on Durability of Reinforced Concrete : from composition to service life design [Espoo, Finland, 2012]
The game educator's handbook : revised international edition
Kotihoidon laskenta 30.11.2012 : Klientinventering inom hemvården 30.11.2012 = Count of regular home-care clients on 30 November of 2012
Digital libraries : the life cycle of information
In detail : housing for people of all ages
Use of time in Hungary and in Finland. 2, Life cycle and time use
The time is right? : early retirements and use of time by older Finns
The health, work ability and healthcare needs of Finnish female prisoners
Demographic aspects of ageing and time use in a set of European countries
Buildings and constructed assets : service life planning. Part 6, Procedures for considering environmental impacts
Accumulation of disadvantage from adolescence to midlife : a 26-year follow-up study of 16-year old adolescents
Abstract: Alcohol-related deaths.
Longer lasting products : alternatives to the throwaway society
Improving the lifespan of an underground loader cabin door seal
Movement and sport during the life-span
The defining decade : why your twenties matter-and how to make the most of them now
Everyday use of ICT in Finland 2006
Hearing impairment and tinnitus in the elderly
Effect of partial sick leave on work participation
Abstract.
Abstract: Proper balance between work and leisure? : studies of time use in different life situations.
Buildings and constructed assets : service life planning. Part 2, Service life prediction procedures
Smoking and alcohol consumption among the elderly : trends and associations
Long-term outcome after pediatric renal transplantation : endocrinologic and metabolic effects
The 100-year life
Scots pine and Siberian larch heartwood as a source of naturally durable timber
Durability of materials and structures in building and civil engineering
Finnish drinking habits : results from interview surveys held in 1968, 1976 and 1984
Corpus and sociolinguistics : investigating age and gender in female talk
Use of medicines in children : a perspective on drug-related problems
The objective of this Bachelor's thesis was to improve the sealing ability and lifespan of an underground Load Haul Dump vehicle cabin door seal. The current seal design is subject to wear and tear caused by the operator's equipment as well as environmental factors that reduce the lifespan of the seal. The goal was to minimize and remove these factors to increase the lifespan of the seal and to introduce new solutions and improved concepts for the client. The first section of the theoretical part discusses some aspects of the mining environment that have impact on the seal design and introduces the requirements set for the sealing by the environment. This section also explains some of the major causes that lead to sealing failures as well as important safety aspects, concerning the cabin enclosure and door seal design. The second section of the theoretical part covers the fundamentals of sealing and ways profile size, mass and shape affect bending radius and sealing ability. This section also covers the different material options chosen for this particular application. The last chapter of the theoretical part presents the most important material properties and a comparison between the different materials is made. The practical part of the thesis discusses the design process in more detail. Considerations on how to improve the current design and elongate the lifespan of the seal are presented. Production and manufacturing cost considerations are also included as well as the introduction of different methods, designed to protect the seal from abrasion, tearing and deformations.The final section of the practical part introduces and compares the attachment methods and sealing profile concepts, designed especially for the application. The concepts were compared to each other using a comparison table. Crown and triangle profiles got the highest overall rating in the comparison, while the solid profile concept got the lowest rating. There was very little differences in the profiles with the highest rating but finally, the triangle profile was chosen over the crown profile for its better shape properties and. The direct clamp attachment method was chosen as the most suitable of the methods because of the ease of attaching and replacing, compared to the other methods. Material choice was left open at this point because materials used by different manufacturers may, at first look, appear to be identical and still have very different properties.
Buildings and constructed assets : service life planning. Part 8, Reference service life and service-life estimation
Substance use disorders in adolescence: comorbidity, temporality of onset and socio-demographic background:
a study of adolescent psychiatric inpatients in Northern Finland
Kids play : designing a touch screen game with children
Type style finder : the busy designer's guide to choosing type
The OEE primer : understanding overall equipment effectiveness, reliability, and maintainability
Tupakkatilasto 2014 = Tobaksstatistik 2014 = Tobacco statistics 2014
UbiHomeServer front-end to the ubiquitous home environment
Maternal and perinatal characteristics, use of antibiotics and the risk of cow's milk allergy and asthma in childhood
Abstract: From innocence to freezy : observation of the transition stage from childhood to youth.
Plant life management : progress for structural integrity
Prevalence and Determinants of Tobacco Habit in Kollam district, Kerala, India
Tupakkatilasto 2013 = Tobaksstatistik 2013 = Tobacco statistics 2013
Development of the urban mind - an object biographical approach : the case study of the town of Tornio, northern Finland
Dearest memories : supporting early parenthood with new media
Gender differences in the occurrence, prognosis and risk factor control of cardiovascular disease
Time : the impact on body and soul : the XX Signe and Ane Gyllenberg Symposium, Hanasaari Congress Center, September 22-24, 2005
Wood and archaeology : acts of the European Symposium held at Louvain-la-Neuve, October 1987 = Bois et archéologie : actes dy Symposium Européen tenu à Louvain-la-Neuve, Octobre 1987
Containment measures in adolescent psychiatric care : focus on mechanical restrain
"Reduced work participation of working age population with health problems is a key societal concern in many Western countries, including Finland. Thus, activating people with partial work ability and keeping them in the workforce has been a common objective of many social and health policies. Scientific evaluation of the effectiveness of the policy measures has, however, been limited. This study examined the effectiveness and efficacy of partial sickness benefit and related partial sick leave on return to work, work retention and work participation in Finland when compared to regular full sick leave. Different study designs and methods were adopted to overcome the methodological challenges encountered in the study." -- (Back Cover)
Youth in everyday life contexts
Plant life management : midterm status of a R&D project
Structural lifetime, reliability and risk analysis approaches for power plant components and systems
Associations of smoking, alcohol consumption and physical activity with health and health care utilization : a prospective follow-up of middle-aged and elderly men and women
Youth policy and social inclusion : critical debates with young people
Renovation of an apartement Building in Berlin, Germany from 1896
Environmental assessment of buildings
Alcohol-related mortality by age and sex and its impact on life expectancy
