http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11910 related rights
related rights
Law from the Tigris to the Tiber : the writings of Raymond Westbrook. Volume 1, The shared tradition
Intellectual property : guidelines for promoters of training projects : october 1997
Continuity and innovation in the Aramaic legal tradition
Authority and law in the ancient Orient
Towards sustainable development : policies and practicies : Finnish achievements
Economic importance of copyright industries in Finland : Finnish copyright industires in 1997 : final report
Access denied : Palestinian land rights in Israel
Harmonizing European copyright law : the challenges of better lawmaking
International copyright law and policy
European copyright law : a commentary
Women, crime, and punishment in ancient law and society. Vol. 1, The ancient Near East
Mastering the intellectual property life cycle : a global perspective on the tax-efficient management of IP rights
Flight and freedom in the ancient Near East
The economic importance of copyright industries in Norway : Norwegian copyright industries in 1999 : study report
Johdanto (s. 9-10).
Failed states : the abuse of power and the assault on democracy
Palestinians and human rights : a study of conditions in the occupied Arab territories
Headscarves and hymens : why the Middle East needs a sexual revolution
Restorative justice and violence against women
United Nations International Meeting on the Convening of the Conference on Measures to Enforce the Fourth Geneva Convention in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including Jerusalem : Cairo, 14 and 15 June 1999.
After Abu Ghraib : exploring human rights in America and the Middle East
Copyright made easier
The comparative method in Ancient Near Eastern and biblical legal studies
Summarising introduction (s. 11-12).
Ex oriente lex : Near Eastern influences on ancient Greek and Roman law
"This compilation of Muslim women's stories from around the world focuses on the voices of reformers who battle fiercely against such barbarisms as stonings, acid attacks, gang rapes, and "honor killings" that go largely unpunished due to discriminatory religious laws and an entrenched patriarchal culture. Each chapter provides an in-depth and up-to-date look at the status of women in Muslim countries, and in compact and often poignant biographies, reformers speak out with passion, humanity, and sometimes humor to expose to the whole world the harsh realities many women experience on a daily basis in many parts of the globe."--BOOK JACKET.
The Islamic criminal justice system
Generation Palestine : voices from the boycott, divestment and sanctions movement
Competition law and policy in the Middle East
Intellectual property law in Finland
International copyright and neighbouring rights : The Berne convention and beyond
Nationalism, minorities and diasporas : identities and rights in the Middle East
Intellectual property law in Denmark
In search of the self : reconciling the past and the present in immigrants' experience
Introduction to intellectual property law
The European Union and its neighbours : a legal appraisal of the EU's policies of stabilisation, partnership and integration
Despite significant accomplishments over the past 35 years, antiviolence activists know that justice for most abused women remains elusive. Most victims do not call the police or seek help from the courts, making it crucial to identify new ways for survivors to find justice. This path-breakting book examines new justice pracitves for victims that are being used in the United States, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand. These informal, dialogue-based practices, referred to as "restorative justice", seek to decrease the role of the state in responding to crime, and increase the involvement of communities in meeting the needs of victims and offenders. Restorative justice is most commonly used to address youth crimes and is generally not recommended or disallowed for cases of rape, domestic violence, and child sexual abuse. Nevertheless, restorative practices are beginning to be used to address violent crime ... (Quelle: Text Verlag / Verlag).
Shamans, software, and spleens : law and the construction of the information society
Islam and the myth of confrontation : religion and politics in the Middle East
Directives of the European Community on copyright 1991-2001
Europe and the Arab world : patterns and prospects for the new relationship
A time to speak out : Independent Jewish Voices on Israel, Zionism and Jewish identity
The seductions of quantification : measuring human rights, gender violence, and sex trafficking
Promises to keep : technology, law, and the future of entertainment
Internet and the law : legal fundamentals for the Internet user
"New intellectual property regimes are entrenching new inequalities. Access to information is fundamental to so much of modern life - from the exercise of human rights to marketplace competition - but patents are being used to lock up vital educational, software, genetic and other information. The result will be a global property order dominated by a multinational knowledge elite - an elite that expropriates anything from AIDS drugs for Africa, seeds for developing-world farmers, to information on the human genome." "How did rules governing intellectual property become part of the World trade Organization's free trade' agreements? How have these rules changed the knowledge game for international business? What are the consequences for the ownership of biotechnology and digital technology, and for all those who will have to pay for what was once shared information? Who will be the global winners and losers?" "Based on extensive interviews with key players, Information Feudalism tells the story of these profound transformations in information ownership. It argues that in the globalized information society, the rich have found new ways to rob the poor, but shows how intellectual property rights can and must be more democratically defined."--BOOK JACKET.
Histories of the Middle East : studies in Middle Eastern society, economy and law in honor of A. L. Udovitch
Information feudalism : who owns the knowledge economy?
International business : theories, policies and practices
Research handbook on intellectual property and competition law
The wipo treaties on copyright : a commentary on the WCT, the WPPT, and the BTAP
The Culture of Procedural Justice in the Light of Hofstede's Dimensions of Power Distance and Individualism-Collectivism Legacy of USA Patriot Act : U.S. and the Middle East
Human rights, self-determination and political change in the Occupied Palestinian territories
Challenging complex realities : the paradiplomacy of the Palestinian minority citizens of the state of Israel?
Copyright problems of electronic document delivery
Early ancient Near Eastern law : a history of its beginnings : the early dynastic and Sargonic periods
The European Union and democratization
Within the idioms of art, authorship and technological neutrality as a representation of copyright and culture
Domestic violence and criminal justice
Copyright questions in the digital environment
Executive summary (s. 10-11).
The Middle Eastern States and the law of the sea
Yearbook
Feminist perspectives on family law
Intellectual property beyond rights
Wired shut : copyright and the shape of digital culture
Checkpoint watch : testimonies from occupied Palestine
Arab voices : the human rights debate in the Middle East
Intellectual property law in China
Human rights in Islam : report of a seminar held in Kuwait, December 1980
Muslim women reformers : inspiring voices against oppression
TRIPs agreement : copyright and related rights
Concise European copyright law
Yhteinen maailma - kaukana toisistaan : tiivistelmä YK:n Väestörahaston vuosiraportista The state of world population 2000
English summary: A violent relationship, clientdom and change.
Being positive : perspectives on HIV/AIDS in the EU's northern dimension and Finland's neighbouring areas
Intellectual Property in the New Millennium : essays in Honour of William R. Cornish
For four decades Abraham L. Udovitch has been a leading scholar of the medieval Islamic world, its economic institutions, social structures, and legal theory and practice. In pursuing his quest to understand and explain the complex phenomena that these broad rubrics entail, he has published widely, collaborated internationally with other leading scholars of the Middle East and medieval history, and most saliently for the purposes of this volume, taught several cohorts of students at Princeton University. This volume is therefore dedicated to his intellectual legacy from a uniquely revealing angle: the current work of his former students. The papers in this volume range chronologically from the period preceding the rise of Islam in Arabia to the Mamluk era, geographically from the Western Mediterranean to the Western Indian Ocean and thematically from the political negotiations of Christian and Islamic Mediterranean sovereigns to the historiography of Western Indian Ocean port cities. -- Back cover.
Within the idioms af art, authorship and technological neutrality as a representation of copyright and culture
Economic importance of copyright industries in Finland : Finnish copyright industries in 1997 : final report
The commercial appropriation of personality
EU intellectual property law
New directions in copyright law. Volume 2
Copyright in the cultural industries
Creativity, incentive, and reward : an economic analysis of copyright and culture in the information age
What are we doing there? : experiences and lessons learned from development cooperation in health care and social welfare (1990-2005)
