http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11982 construction management and economics
construction management and economics construction economics
Abstracts of construction economics 1993-1994
Cost studies of buildings
Abstracts of construction economics
Happilaitoksen runkovaihtoehtojen kustannusvertailu = Economic valuation of construction alternative for liquid gas station
Abstracts of construction economics 1983-1992
Measuring performance and determining success factors of construction sites
Construction project management : a complete introduction
Construction management fundamentals
Abstracts of construction economics 1997
This straightforward and readable yet thorough textbook focuses on the role of the contractor, taking the reader from start to finish in a construction project - from the early developmental stage through bidding, selection of the contractor, construction itself, and close-out. A wide range of practical issues are explored and frequently asked questions answered.
Arctic civil engineering : a research field at the university of Oulu
Abstracts of construction economics 1995-1996
"Launch your career in construction management with this one-of-a-kind book. The construction management industry is expected to increase employment by 16 percent over the next decade. This second edition of a bestselling introduction to construction management walks you through each stage of the construction management process. Written from the constructor's perspective, this book will familiarize you with all the construction management fundamentals and how Building Information Modeling (BIM) is impacting the construction management profession. Covers interoperability of technology advances in the construction industry. Explains how BIM is challenging the traditional approach to project delivery and how this affects the constructor's role. Elaborates each stage of the design and construction process and the tasks associated with each of them. Shows step-by-step how to estimate project costs, administer contracts, manage job site and construction operations, plan and schedule a project, monitor project performance, manage project quality and safety, and assess project risks. Provides review questions at the end of each chapter to help enforce understanding. The tried-and-true project management principles presented in this book will help ensure you a successful start to your career."--
