http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11974 lye
lye
Precipitation and separation of lignin from kraft black liquor
Behavior of black liquor nitrogen in combustion : formation of cyanate
Rapid pyrolysis of kraft black liquor. 2, Release of sodium
An analysis of swelling during the combustion of pulping liquor droplets
The effect of oxidation on black liquor nitrogen
Black liquor combustion in kraft recovery boilers- numerical modelling
Abstract.
Technologies for converting biomass to useful energy
Viscosity of strong black liquor
Numerical modeling of the drying, devolatilization and char conversion processes of black liquor droplets
Utilization of green liquor sediment
Gasification of black liquor char with CO[sub 2] at elevated pressures
Organic matter content in black liquor inside and outside chips during kraft cooking
Biorefinery in the pulp and paper industry
Efficiency and energy management : International Chemical Recovery Conference, May 29 - June 1, 2007, Quebec City, QC, Canada. 2, Thursday and Friday
Towards complete impregnation of wood chips with aqueous solutions. Part 3, Black liguor penetration into pine chips
Principles of black liquor evaporation
Modeling and field observations of char bed processes in black liquor recovery boilers
Measuring the combustion properties of black liquors by different techniques
Changing recovery technology to meet the challenges of the pulp and paper indusrty : International Chemical Recovery Conference, June 11-14, 2001, Chateau Whistler Resort, Whistler, British Columbia, Canada. Poster presentations
Borate autocausticizing during black liquor droplet combustion
Laboratory studies on combustibility of black liquors
2004 International Chemical Recovery Conference : June 6-10, 2004, Charleston Place Hotel, Charleston, South Carolina, USA
Fast chromatographic methods for determining aliphatic carboxylic acids in black liquors
Gasification of black liquor at elevated pressures : thermodynamic analysis
Characterization of organic material dissolved during alkaline pulping of wood and non-wood feedstocks
International chemical recovery conference, New Orleans, LA, April 28-May 1, 1985. 1-3
Isolation of organic and inorganic compounds by crystallization from black liquor
Novel concepts on the recovery of by-products from alkaline pulping
1995 International Chemical Recovery Conference ... Royal York Hotel, Toronto, Ontario, Canada : preprints. Book A, Papers to be presented on Monday and Tuesday April 24-25, 1995.
Modeling of black liquor droplet combustion
Isolation of aliphatic acids from pine and birch kraft black liquors
Characterization of kraft black liquor with respect to evaporation and combustion
1998 TAPPI proceedings : International Chemical Recovery Conference, June 1-4, 1998, Hyatt Westshore, Tampa, Florida. Volume 1-3
Pyrolysis and gasification behavior of black liquor under pressurized conditions
Combustion properties of laboratory made cooking liquors
Investigation in UV/Fenton treatment of black liquor
Analysis of black liquor single droplet combustion data
A new apparatus for electric conductivity and temperature logging of soft sediments
Gasification of black liquor at elevated pressures. Part 2, Rate data with CO[sub 2] and water vapor
1995 International Chemical Recovery Conference ... Royal York Hotel, Toronto, Ontario, Canada : preprints. Book B, Papers to be presented on Wednesday and Thursday April 26-27, 1995.
1989 International Chemical Recovery Conference, April 3-6, 1989 ... Ottawa, Ont
Measurement of sulfur release from black liquor droplets in a single particle reactor
Viscosity of strong black liquor from birch pulping
Single droplet burning behavior of pulping spent liquors
Changing recovery technology to meet the challenges of the pulp and paper indusrty : International Chemical Recovery Conference, June 11-14, 2001, Chateau Whistler Resort, Whistler, British Columbia, Canada. Oral presentations
Advanced biorefinery concepts integrated to chemical pulping
Conversion of sulfur during pressurized pyrolysis and gasification of black liquor with direct causticization using titanates
"An important goal of the extended use of biomass is replacing fossil fuels. Potentially, all global energy needs can be covered with biomass if the utilization is efficient enough. This book provides the state of the art in the field of efficient conversion of biomass, covering most technical issues such as combustion, gasification, torrefaction, pyrolysis, pelletizing and biogasproduction. The book combines a thorough description of interesting new technologies and the basic principles and tools to be used in future process optimization work. The wide coverage of examples from all over the world will make the book important as a text book on the subject"--
Rapid pyrolysis of kraft black liquor. 1, Release of carbon
1992 International Chemical Recovery Conference, Westin Hotel, Seattle, WA, June 7-11
Efficiency and energy management : International Chemical Recovery Conference, May 29 - June 1, 2007, Quebec City, QC, Canada. 1, Tuesday and Wednesday
2010 International Chemical Recovery Conference : 9 March-1 April, 2010 Williamsburg Lodge, Williamsburg, Virginia USA
Abstract: Utilization of green liquor sediment.
Seminar on black liquor combustion : February 24-25, 1988, Lappeenranta, Finland
