http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11996 functionality
functionality
The purpose of this thesis was to monitor the winter test of John Deere tractors. The number of tractors in the test was three, two of which were operating at the same time. The purpose of the winter test was to monitor the operation of tractors in cold and snowy conditions, as well as tasks that can not be executed in Central Europe. The test examined the entire operation of the tractor, but the main focus was on the new engine technology. The goal was to conduct the test without great difficulties and produce as much feedback as possible, as well as suggestions for improvement to the factory. The idea was also to provide technical support to the customer or the service in order to keep the tractors at work for as many hours as possible. The test operators were guided to give as much feedback as possible such as improvement suggestions or defects in tractors. The theoretical part deals with the reduction of emissions in diesel engines. The thesis also presents a technology that was selected for the John Deere engines to meet the new emission standards. The test result was a variety of failures and problems, as well as reports and solutions. John Deere require typical engine load profiles in applications that can be executed in Finland, which for example due to the circumstances, cannot be executed in Central Europe. Applications were monitored for engine activity such as potential heating problems, passive regeneration efficiency and exhaust gas temperature management system. This study evaluated the risks which the tasks may cause to the machine. The most important point to monitor was the engine operation in cold starts. The load profiles and engine activity tracking was contucted by measuring the ECU values. The measurement was performed by a laptop, which was connected to the tractor bus. The computer had a program for measuring the ECU, called DevX.
Predicting party sizes : the logic of simple electoral systems
The quality of democracy in Eastern Europe : public preferences and policy reforms
Labour market challenges and improving functioning of labour market : summary of the expert group report
Dog-friendly gardening : creating a safe haven for you and your dog
The winter test of John Deere tractors with final tier 4 technology = [John Deere traktorien talvitesti final tier 4 teknologialla]
Well-functioning labour markets - a prosperous society : labour market policy Confederation of Finnish Industries EK 2006.
Excellence by design : transforming workplace and work practice
Guidelines for Finnish industrial policy : (summary)
Machine design : an integrated approach
Evaluation of the Bologna process implementation in Finland
Form follows function
Against architecture
Does organizational change improve organizational functionality? : intentions and experiences in a frequently changing organization
An environment suitable for all : visually impaired persons evaluating the built environment
Logistics development in Finnish and Swedish companies with respect of Russia and four Asian countries : traffic flow and warehousing analysis from current situation and likely development trends
Efficient use of conveyor belt and packing machine system
Secure Finland : information on comprehensive security in Finland
Biodiversity, ecosystem functioning, and human wellbeing : an ecological and economic perspective
The seven principles for making marriage work
Intellectual property protection of computer program interfaces and interoperability
Employment growth and labour market flexibility in OECD countries
Customising Windows system policies and introduction to the Citrix MetaFrame system
Computer organization and architecture : designing for performance
"When something works well, you can feel it; there is a sense of rightness to it. We call that rightness beauty, and it ought to be the single most important component of design." "This recognition is at the heart of David Gelernter's wittily argued essay, Machine Beauty, which defines beauty as an inspired mating of simplicity and power. You can see it in a Bauhaus chair, the Hoover Dam, or an Emerson radio circa 1930. In contrast, too many contemporary technologists run out of ideas and resort to gimmicks and features; they are rarely capable of real, structural ingenuity." "Nowhere is this more evident than in the world of computers. You don't have to look far to see how oblivious most computer technologists are to the idea of beauty. Just look at how ugly your computer cabinet is, how unwieldy and out of sync if feels with the manner and speed with which you process thought." "The best designers, however, are obsessed with beauty. Both hardware and software should afford us the greatest opportunity to achieve deep beauty, the kind of beauty that happens when many types of loveliness reinforce one another, when design expresses an underlying technology, a machine logic. Program software ought to be transparent: it should engage what Gelernter calls "a thought-amplifying feedback loop," a creative symbiosis with its user. These principles, beautiful in themselves, will set the stage for the next technological revolution, in which the pursuit of elegance will lead to extraordinary innovations."--BOOK JACKET.
Interoperability and accessibility of transport modes
The concept of organizational competence - a foundational analysis
Life of work: what office design can learn from the world around us sets out to make the twenty-first century workplace a more dynamic, engaging, colourful, flexible and inclusive place. Jeremy Myerson and Imogen Privett, from the Royal College of Art in London, looked in some unlikely places for ideas and inspiration? - the academic library, theatre design, pop up events in the city and intensive team environments in air traffic control, emergency medical departments and the newsroom. Working from the position that, whilst the design of most contemporary offices satisfies physical and functional requirements, it seldom supports the psychological comfort and individual needs of the people who use them every working day, Life of Work offers an agenda for change that has significant implications for every level of workplace design and implementation. Based on a major research project between the Helen Hamlyn Centre for Design at the Royal College of Art and two global industry partners, Haworth and Philips Lighting, Life of Work will be of value to anyone who has an interest in architecture or interior design, the politics and management of the working environment, space design and urban planning, as well as furniture design.
Public opinion about the functioning of social institutions
An integrated model-based approach for systems engineering : towards the use of model-based approach in the early development stages of the systems engineering process
Time bomb 2000 : what the year 2000 computer crisis means to you!
Effectiveness and impact of alcohol inter-lock-controlled driving rights
Organization Design provides a road map for the implementation of organization design, covering all areas including downsizing, outsourcing and re-structuring. Full of hints and tips, as well as a practical toolkit to take organization designers from start to finish, Organization Design outlines the basic theory, provides a step-by-step approach to implementing organization design, and provides solutions to the recurring challenges to be met along the way.
Full disclosure : the perils and promise of transparency
Development and testing of interface between the Scilab simulation environment and a microcontroller
Machine beauty : elegance and the heart of technology
Summary.
Democratic network governance in Europe
Algorithmic multiparameterised verification of safety properties : process algebraic approach
Dynamics of EU corporate governance regulation : Nordic perspectives
Sportstech : revolutionary fabrics, fashion and design : with 262 illustrations, 239 incolour
Finding a right way to communicate : evaluation of communication practices in a multicultural project
Marshall Brain's how stuff works
Sutter metacarpophalangeal arthroplasty in rheumatoid patients
Excellence by design : transforming workplace and work pratice
Usability of electronic household appliances : panel test and study of user's manuals
"Which SUVs are most likely to roll over? What cities have the unhealthiest drinking water? Which factories are the most dangerous polluters? What cereals are most nutritious? In recent decades, governments have sought to provide answers to such critical questions through public disclosure to force manufacturers, water authorities, and others to improve their products and practices. Corporate financial disclosure, nutritional labels, and school report cards are examples of such targeted transparency policies. At best, they create a light-handed approach to governance that improves markets, enriches public disclosure, and empowers citizens. But such policies are frequently ineffective or counterproductive. Using an analysis of eighteen U.S. and international policies, Full Disclosure shows that the information provided is often incomplete, incomprehensible, or irrelevant to consumers, investors, workers, and community residents. To be successful, transparency policies must be accurate, must keep ahead of disclosers' efforts to find loopholes, and, above all, must focus on the needs of ordinary citizens."--Jacket.
The elements of user experience : user-centered design for the web
Good design : deconstructing form and function and what makes good design work
Urban traffic analysis with bus location data
What is product design?
Organization design : a guide to building effective organizations
Assessing The User Experience - Case Massidea.org
Testing component-based systems : towards conformance testing and better interoperability
Software build millenium test
Introduction to forest policy analysis
The elements of user experience : user-centered design for the Web and beyond
Automation in wireless telecommunication interoperability testing
On the efficiency of job and income protection in the dynamic labour markets
Housing for people with sight loss : A Thomas Pocklington Trust design guide
"How does democracy work in the new democracies of Eastern Europe? Do the people actually rule as one would expect in a democracy or do the legacies of communism and the constraints of the transition weaken popular control? This book presents a new framework for conceptualizing and measuring democratic quality and applies this framework to multiple countries and policy areas in the region. It defines democratic quality as the degree to which citizens are able to hold leaders accountable for their performance and keep policy close to their preferences. Its surprising conclusion, drawn from large-N statistical analyses and small-N case studies, is that citizens exercise considerable control over their rulers in Eastern European democracies. Despite facing difficult economic circumstances and an unfavorable inheritance from communism, these countries rapidly constructed relatively high-quality democracies"--Provided by publisher.
Evaluation and optimisation of chemical treatment for non-point source pollution control : purification of peat extraction runoff water
Flight vehicle performance and aerodynamic control
Analysis of biometric systems
Design management : exploring fieldwork and applications
Don't make me think! : a common sense approach to web usability
The concept of organizational competence : a foundational analysis
Life of work : what office design can learn from the world around us
Evaluation of the Bologna Process implementation in Finland
Why politics matters : making democracy work
Chemical treatment is considered best available technology for purification of peat extraction runoff in Finland, due to its capability to remove dissolved organic carbon (DOC), suspended solids and nutrients. However, lack of optimisation and adaptation of this method for purification of diffuse pollution sources, e.g., peat extraction runoff, has led to significant fluctuations in purification efficiency. This thesis evaluated the suitability of commercially available coagulants for the treatment of typically humic water. Inorganic (ferric sulphate, aluminium sulphate and a mixed product) and organic (polyDADMAC, polyamine, chitosan and tannin products) coagulants were studied. Investigations included assessment of required dosage and the influence of process parameters (pollutant concentration, mixing, water pH and temperature) on coagulant performance. In addition, the process conditions in existing treatment systems were examined in field experiments aimed at identifying possible factors affecting purification.Ferric sulphate (FS) was the most effective of the coagulants tested. It produced excellent flocs and achieved higher removal efficiency, particularly for DOC, than the other coagulants. However, the dosage required for FS was significantly higher than for e.g., polyDADMAC and chitosan. Moreover, samples treated with FS displayed high iron concentration and acidic pH. The organic polymers achieved satisfactory results, but further research is needed before they can become viable alternatives to metal salts.The quality of peat extraction runoff water was found to vary significantly. It was also observed that variations in DOC concentration, even for particulate rich samples, controlled coagulant dosage and, consequently, treatment efficiency. For inorganic coagulants, mixing provided during flocculation had a more significant influence on purification than mixing provided during coagulation. This is relevant hence in now existing treatment facilities no mixing is employed during flocculation. Based on the research conducted, suggestions were formulated for process optimisation aimed at reducing variations in purification efficiency, thus increasing the reliability of the method and reducing related environmental impacts.
