http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11992 community psychology
community psychology
Images of organization
Psychology and the internet : intrapersonal, interpersonal and transpersonal implications
Community counseling : a multicultural-social justice perspective
How to win friends and influence people
The politics and ethics of identity : in search of ourselves
The means to express conflict is through communication, and the means to manage and address conflict is also via communication. This handbook emphasises constructive conflict management from a communication perspective which places primacy in the message as the focus of conflict research and practice.
Organizing & organizations : an introduction
Stress and anxiety : the series in clinical and community psychology
Work welfare activities' attractiveness from business customers' point of view : case study
Organizational behavior : an experimental approach
The social psychology of the primary school
Successful prevention and youth development programs : across borders
Participatory community research : theories and methods in action
Researching community psychology : issues of theory and methods
Systems psychology in the schools
How to win friends and influence people in the digital age
Social trust and human communities
The foundations of students' learning
Occupational psychology
The spirit of community: rights, responsibilities and the communitarian agenda
Mapping the organizational psyche : a Jungian theory of organizational dynamics and change
Exploring self and society
Well-being : individual, community and social perspectives
Current directions in community psychology
The 2nd edition of this successful textbook introduces the history and values of community psychology, showing how research can be applied to a range of social issues. Critical commentaries, international examples on how community psychology promotes social justice and sophisticated theoretical ideas in a student-friendly style.
Community psychology and the socio-economics of mental distress : international perspectives
The Handbook of community practice
Handbook of international disaster psychology. Volume 2, Practices and programs
Adaptors and innovators : styles of creativity and problem-solving
Innovative theories, tools, and practices in work and organizational psychology
Conversation as method : analyzing the relational world of people who were raised communally
Personality and organization : the conflict between system and the individual
Community psychology : new developments
Handbook of international disaster psychology. Volume 3, Refugee mental health
[Seven] essentials of character discipline : elementary classroom management
Rational union commitment : the psychological dimension in membership participation
On populist reason
Global conflict resolution through positioning analysis
Dinosaur brains : dealing with all those impossible people at work
Culture and psychology
"Psychological research shows that our emotions and feelings often guide the moral decisions we make about our own lives and the social groups to which we belong. But should we be concerned that out important moral judgments can be swayed by "hot" passions, such as anger, disgust, guilt, shame and sympathy? Aren't these feelings irrational and counterproductive? Using a functional conflict theory of emotions (FCT), Giner-Sorolla proposes that each emotion serves a number of different functions, sometimes inappropriately, and that moral emotions in particular are intimately tied to problems faced by the individuals in a group, and by groups interacting with each other. Specifically, the author suggests that these emotions help us, as individuals and group members, to: Appraise developments in the environment Learn through association Regulate our own behavior Communicate convincingly with others. Drawing on extensive research, including many studies from the author's own lab, this book shows why emotions work to encourage reasonable moral behaviour, and why they sometimes fail. This is the first single-authored volume in the field of psychology dedicated to a separate examination of the major moral and positive emotions. As such, the book is ideal reading for researchers, postgraduates and undergraduates of social psychology, sociology, philosophy and politics"--
Acts of meaning
Conservation psychology : understanding and promoting human care for nature
Diversity in organizations : new perspectives for a changing workplace
The psychology of religious behaviour, belief and experience
New religious in global perspective
Mind leadership in organization
Handbook of international disaster psychology. Volume 4, Interventions with special needs populations
Community counseling : empowerment strategies for a diverse society
Achievement of intersubjectivity in airline cockpit interaction
Adaptors and innovators : styles of creativity and problem solving
Psychological sense of community : research, applications, and implications
This thesis is made as a case study for an Oulu based indoor activity park. The case company also organizes work welfare activity services for business customers. The objective of this thesis is to determine what kind of work well-being activities companies in Oulu region organizes. Another objective is to find out what are the key issues the case company needs to pay attention to in order to be able to provide attractive services for companies. It was also wanted to examine companies’ expectations towards the benefits that can be achieved by organizing work welfare activity days. Work welfare is the competitive tool which creates financial performance. Work well-being must be considered from the perspective of profitability of the business so that its effects can be utilized in the best possible way. In this thesis the work welfare’s impacts on competitiveness were examined through three main players: productivity and cost-efficiency, quality of work and customer satisfaction, and intangible assets. .Another part of the theory consist of the factors affecting work well-being from the individual and organizational point of view. There has been used Rauramo’s five steps of work well-being- model examines the basic needs with respect of work. The research method used in this thesis is quantitative semi-structured research. It was conducted as a questionnaire which was sent to the respondents via e-mail. Smaller companies had bigger budgets and they organize more often work welfare activity days which last one day. The companies were interested in organizing work welfare activity days in the future as well as having new experiences. Comfortable environment was found out to be the most important factor when choosing a place where to organize work welfare days. The importance of evening program and wide range of options emerged. Companies believed that work welfare has an impact on the company’s success. Relaxation, elevating team spirit and work motivation were found to be the key objectives. The company should focus on smaller companies since they have bigger budgets. Investing in websites is important since companies find information online. The work well-being activity days should have a variety of options to choose from since it occurred many times in the study. The opportunity for evening program was found to be important. The activities uplifting team spirit are worth investing in since it occurred many times in the study.
Principles of social change
Self-efficacy : the exercise of control
Societal psychology
Judging passions : moral emotions in persons and groups
The cultural politics of emotion
Interest in community psychology, and its potential has grown in parallel with changes in welfare and governmental priorities. Critical Community Psychology provide students of different community based professions, working in a range of applied settings, at both undergraduate and postgraduate levels, with a text which will underpin their community psychological work. Clear learning objectives and chapter contents outlined at the start of each chapter. Key terms highlighted with definitions, either as marginal notes or in chapter glossaries. Case examples of community psychology in action. Each chapter ends with a critical assessment section. Discussion points and ideas for exercises that can be undertaken by the reader, in order to extend critical understanding. Lists of further resources -- e.g. reading, film, electronic. Authors are members of the largest community psychology departmental team in Europe"--Provided by publisher.
Organizing and organizations
What do emotions do? How do emotions move us or get us stuck? In developing a theory of the cultural politics of emotion, Sara Ahmed focuses on the relationship between emotions, language and bodies. She shows how emotions are named in speech acts, as well as how they involve sensations that are felt by the skin. The Cultural Politics of Emotion develops a new methodology for reading "the emotionality of texts" and offers analyses of the role of emotions in debates on international terrorism, asylum and migration, and reconciliation and reparation. New for this edition: an extensive Afterword, "Emotions and Their Objects," which situates the book in relation to the emergent field of affect studies, as well as in relation to the author's body of scholarly work.
Healing the wounds : overcoming the trauma of layoffs and revitalizing downsized organizations
Extreme stress and communities : impact and intervention
Collective trauma, collective healing : promoting community resilience in the aftermath of disaster
The unfinished revolution : learning, human behavior, community, and political paradox
Handbook of international disaster psychology. Volume 1, Fundamentals and overview
Genius and eminence
Personality, well-being and job resources : from negative paradigm towards positive psychology
Adaption-innovation : in the context of diversity and change
Leadership in symphony orchestras : discursive and aesthetic practices
The purpose of boys : helping our sons find meaning, significance, and direction in their lives
Organizational psychology
Forgiveness and reconciliation : theory and application
Hidden agendas : situational tasks, discursive strategies and institutional practices in process consultation
Journey to freedom : narratives
Text, play, and story : the construction and reconstruction of self and society
Nationalism and the moral psychology of community
Organizing and organizations : an introduction
Experiencing and managing emotions in the workplace
Commonality and particularity in ethics
An introduction to work and organizational psychology : [a European perspective]
Psychology for the classroom
Community psychology : concepts and applications
Community psychology : in pursuit of liberation and well-being
Culturally affirmative psychotherapy with deaf persons
The SAGE handbook of conflict communication
Lost in familiar places : creating new connections between the individual and society
Public sphere and experience : toward an analysis of the bourgeois and proletarian public sphere
Critical community psychology
Community as partner : theory and practice in nursing
Historical perspectives in industrial and organizational psychology
International community psychology : history and theories
A community-based approach to the reduction of sexual reoffend : circles of support and accountability
Personality psychology in the workplace
Essentials of organizational behavior
Interpersonal evaluation of knowledge in distributed team collaboration
