http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11976 guideline values
guideline values
Sod it! Eat well : healthy eating into your sixties, seventies and beyond
Proposal of environmental quality standards for plant protection products
Guidelines for surface and drainage water quality monitoring in agriculture dominated areas
Nutrition for Foodservice and Culinary Professionals
The visual food encyclopedia
DRI : Dietary reference intakes for energy, carbohydrate, fiber, fat, fatty acids, cholesterol, protein, and amino acids
Healthy forest berries : lingonberry, bilberry, cloudberry, crowberry
Implementation of the new ISO 717 building acoustic rating methods in Europe
Understanding business ethics
Development and Documentation of Packing Instructions
Nutrition for foodservice and culinary professionals
Geigy scientific tables. Volume 5, Heart and circulation
Building Suomen Käteisnosto Oy's Anna brand and creating a brand manual for the brand
Values and stances towards expert knowledge
Exposure and human PCDD/F and PCB body burden in Finland
Hungry Girl to the max! : the ultimate guilt-free cookbook
Toxicological based air quality guidelines for substances in indoor air
Chef's book of formulas, yields and sizes
A cash withdrawal service is simple and it is relatively hard for Suomen Käteisnosto Oy (later Käteisnosto) to differentiate from its competitors on the Finnish ATM market. Käteisnosto's brand had a name and a logo, but the brand had not been clearly defined. The aim of the thesis was to build Käteisnosto's Anna brand and develop a brand manual that clearly and concisely describes the brand, and will help to understand, manage and communicate the brand.    The conceptual framework of the thesis was created by combining two branding theories by Knapp and Aaker, supplemented with a more detailed description of brand identity and value proposition. According to the created model there are four major steps in branding: assessment, creating brand identity and value proposition, communication, and the future. The first step provides the required information for building the brand and creating the brand manual, which are accomplished in the second and third step. Future is beyond the scope of the thesis.    In order to get all the information required to build the brand and create the brand manual both external and internal viewpoints were necessary. The external viewpoint was acquired by conducting semi-structured interviews to ten potential customers. The internal viewpoint, in turn, was Käteisnosto's view, given by the author.     The results of both viewpoints indicated most importantly that Anna's potential customers are used to free service and its importance is significant. As Käteisnosto cannot provide free service, Annas should be placed in locations where they are visible and easily found, and there is a substantial need for cash but no ATMs close by. Anna should always be available and work properly by avoiding running out of cash. Anna should also be safe, and easy and fast to use.    The created brand manual clearly and concisely describes the newly built Anna brand, which is from now on referred to as Anna ATM. The soul of Anna ATM is to provide service, be convenient, be available, be safe and be dependable. Anna ATM's promise is crystallized in "Always conveniently cash", which is part of the new logo and accompanies "Anna ATM" on every occasion that represents the brand or the company behind the brand.    The brand image of Anna ATM is currently very vague and somewhat incorrect. Already in good time before the proper launch of the Anna ATM brand and the actual ATMs the brand manual should be distributed to all parties that represent Anna ATM so that the correct image can be built. After the launch, Käteisnosto should conduct further customer research in order to find out Anna ATM's brand image. If the image is not in line with the brand identity, Käteisnosto should try to correct it.
Technical data 2007 : petrol cars and light commercial vehicles 1997-2007
Reducing herbicide use in spring cereal production
Encyclopedia of foods : a guide to healthy nutrition
Nancy Clark's food guide for marathoners : tips for everyday champions
Critical loads calculations : developments and tentative applications
Barry Ballister's fruit and vegetable stand : a complete guide to the selection, preparation and nutrition of fresh produce
Techniques of healthy cooking
