http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11966 public offices
public offices public positions public posts
Serving the state : global public administration education and training. Vol. 2, Diversity and change
Whitleyism : A Study of Joint Consultation in the Civil Service
ARMY BADGES AND INSIGNIA SINCE 1945 1.
From Max Weber : essays in sociology
Administrative discretion and problems of accountability : proceedings, 25th Colloquy on European Law, Oxford (United Kingdom), 27-29 September 1995.
Language use in public administration : theory and practice in the European states
Public sector power and public sector pay in Hong Kong : a survey of the political economy of pay determination in a British colony (1965-1985)
The singer in the ecclesiastical hierarchy : the early history of the order
Uniforms of the Royal Marines : from 1664 to the present day
La politisation de l'administration = The politicization of public administration
Directory of officials and organizations in China : a quarter-century guide. Malcolm Lamb
Recognition of qualifications taken outside Finland
The last professors : the corporate university and the fate of the humanities
Tort liability of public authorities in comparative perspective
A fundamental practical theology : Descriptive and strategic proposals
The process of admission to ordained ministry : a comparative study. Vol. 3, Contemporary rites and general conclusions
The civil servant's point of view on immigrants and acculturation in Finland : a qualitative attitude approach
From apostles to bishops : the development of the episcopacy in the early church
The ordination of women in the Orthodox church
The ethics of public service : resolving moral dilemmas in public organizations
The magistrates of the Roman professional collegia in Italy from the first to the third century A. D.
Academic freedom and tenure : ethical issues
Risk Management in Social Work : Preventing Professional Malpractice, Liability, and Disciplinary Action
The Supreme Court of Finland
The White House : an illustrated history
The magistrates of the Roman republic. Vol. 3, Supplement
Controlling the Swedish state : studies on formal and informal bodies of control
All the names
Next steps : improving management in government?
Public service 2000 : the renewal of the public service in Canada = Fonction publique 2000 : le renouvellement de la fonction publique du Canada
Officers and accountability in medieval England 1170-1300
Church ministry in African Christianity
Words referring to glergy in Bede's Ecclesiastical history of the English people
New public managers in Europe : public servants in transition
Ethics in government : the moral challenge of public leadership
Ethical frontiers in public management : seeking new strategies for resolving ethical dilemmas
Le système du mérite / The merit system / study group: History of Public Administration ; edited by Sabiono Cassese, Jill Pellew
The complete plain words
The effect of police intelligence on group violence : evidence from reassignments in Sweden
Valtionhallinnon sanastoa englanniksi = Statsförvaltningstermer på engelska = Finnish civil service glossary - titles and organisations
Domestication of international comparisons : the role of the OECD Programme for International Student Assessment (PISA) in Finnish education policy
Roman aristocrats in barbarian Gaul : strategies for survival in an age of transition
The chronicles of John Cannon, excise officer and writing master. Part 2, 1734-43 (Somerset)
Apostolicity and succession
The presence of Christ in Church and world : dialogue between the World Alliance of Reformed Churches and the Secretariat for Promoting Christian Unity 1970-77
War game / writer: Jack Thorne
La responsabilité des fonctionnaires chargés de la gestion des deniers publics = The responsibility/accountability of civil servants entrusted with public funds
Abstract: Professional dominance? Lawyers and government in Finland.
Modern ecumenical documents on the ministry
MPs as slack maximizers. Do MPs hide in the crowd?
An introduction to the civil service of Sung China : with emphasis on its personnel administration
Civil service ethics : a study of the grounds of civil service ethics, its present state and areas of development
National and comparative history : an inaugural lecture delivered before The University of Oxford on 10 May 1991
Policy analysts in the bureaucracy
Public service 2000 : the renewal of the public service of Canada (synopsis) = Fonction publique 2000 : renouvellement de la fonction publique du Canada (synopsis)
Rotuli Parisienses : supplications to the Pope from the University of Paris. Vol. 1, 1316-1349
The phraseology of administrative French : a corpus-based study
Twelve tales untold : a study guide for ecumenical reception
Recognition of foreign qualifications in Finland
Ambassadors for Christ : an exploration of ambassadorial language in the New Testament
Spending preferences of public sector officials : survey evidence from the Finnish central government
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 11, Chapter 6, Torts : Professional liability
The dynamics of bureaucracy : a study of interpersonal relations in two government agencies
Principal selection processes in eight Finnish municipalities
The reception of BEM in the European context : report of the four study consultations on BEM of the Conference of European Churches 1984-1985
Roman magistrates and the administration of public land to the time of the Gracchi
Academic environment : a handbook for evaluating employment opportunities in science
Lutherans and Catholics in dialogue. 4, Eucharist & ministry
Conclusion (s. 214-221).
Managing the risk of fraud and misconduct : meeting the challenges of a global, regulated and digital environment
The illustrated encyclopedia of military insignia of the 20th century : a comprehensive A-Z guide to the badges, patches and embellishments of the world's armed forces
Robes and honor : the medieval world of investiture
Abstract: Transnationalisation, group interests  and Finland's negotiations with European Union.
Istoriâ rossijskogo formennogo kostûma : sovetskaâ miliciâ 1918-1991 = History of Russian uniform : Soviet police
State Civil Servants' Act
Public sector executives : managers or politicians?
The bride collector
Company uniforms
Visible unity and the ministry of oversight : the Second Theological Conference held under the Meissen Agreement between the Church of England and the Evangelical Church in Germany
The male woman : a feminine ideal in the early Church
The public's servants : checks on public servants in European countries
Towards an ecumenical consensus : baptism, eucharist, ministry
Parliamentary codes of conduct in Europe : an overview
APL : equal opportunities for all?
Government and public servants' liability in Finland
Recruiting for high offices in the central administration : seminar organized by the Swedish National Section of the International Institute of Administrative Sciences in Stockholm and Uppsala, March 11-14, 1982 : general report and national reports = Le recrutement aux echelons superieurs de l'administration centrale : colloque organisé par la Section nationale suédoise de l'institut international des sciences administratives á Stockholm et Uppsala, les 11-14 mars 1982 : rapport général et rapports nationaux
Report. 1, Freedom of association in the public service
Light shining in the forest
Mäntyniemi : pohjoinen timantti = diamond of the north
Private gain and public service : the association of first division civil servants
The ministry in historical perspectives
The civil service today
Abstract (1 s.).
This edition is a full-scale study of John Cannon and his chronicles. Known to some as 'the poor man's Pepys', Cannon wrote a remarkably candid autobiography during a crucial period of change in British history.
Frontenac : the courtier governor
Career patterns in the Chʻing dynasty : the office of governor-general
Hell's corner
Judas and the choice of Matthias : a study on context and concern of Acts 1:15-26
Magisterium : teaching authority in the Catholic church
The chronicles of John Cannon, excise officer and writing master. Part 1, 1684-1733 (Somerset, Oxfordshire, Berkshire)
Serving the state : global public administration education and training. Vol. 1, The Anglo-American tradition
