http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11993 occupational psychology
occupational psychology
Conflicts and contradictions : work psychologists in Europe
Mindful work : how meditation is changing business from the inside out
A psychological theory of work adjustment : an individual-differences model and its applications
Manager's official guide to team working
Contemporary industrial/organizational psychology
Group dynamics and organizational culture : effective work groups and organizations
Journal of occupational and organizational psychology
Leadership in symphony orchestras : discursive and aesthetic practices
Long considered the standard for all organizational behavior textbooks, this text provides the research you want, in the language your students understand. This text continues its tradition of making current, relevant research come alive for students. This edition has been thoroughly updated to reflect the most current recent research for Organizational Behavior, while maintaining its hallmark features -clear writing style, cutting-edge content, and engaging pedagogy. This text is commited to provide the kind of engaging, cutting-edge material that helps students understand and connect with organizational behavior.
International review of industrial and organizational psychology 1987
How to tell when you're tired : a brief examination of work
Management and happiness
Personal work goals put into context : associations with work environment and occupational well-being
Are you your own worst enemy? : the nine inner strengths you need to overcome self-defeating tendencies at work
Individual adaptability to changes at work : new directions in research
Published in association with the European Academy of Occupational Health Psychology (EAOHP) and the Society for Occupational Health Psychology (SOHP), "Contemporary Issues in Occupational Health Psychology" is a definitive new series presenting state-of-the-art work by leading academics and practitioners in the field. The topics include workplace health intervention evaluation, economic stress and employee well-being, work-family positive spillover, psychological flexibility, and health at work. Contributors to this first volume include Arnold Bakker, Frank Bond, Maureen Dollard, Leslie Hammer, Robert Karasek, Michiel Kompier, Tahira Probst, Wilmar Schaufeli, Arie Shirom, Robert Sinclair, Toon Taris, and, Tores Theorell.
Organizational psychology : a scientist-practitioner approach
Work organisations : a critical introduction
Group and team coaching : the essential guide
Work and quality of life : ethical practices in organizations
Professional judgment : a theoretical model and multi-experiments in nursing professional judgment
Readings in managerial psychology
Coping with faculty stress
Work stress : studies of the context, content, and outcomes of stress : a book of readings
Job stress and burnout : research, theory, and intervention perspectives
Organizational behavior
Readings in organizational and industrial psychology : edited by Gary A. Yukl and Kenneth N. Wexley
Spatial dimensions of engagement : design guidelines for the creation of engaging work environments
Health and social care management : a guide to self-development
An introduction to work and organizational psychology : a European perspective
Take this job & love it : solving the problems you face at work : with study questions for individuals or groups
Managing workplace conflict
Psychology and work : an introduction
The challenge faced by family businesses and their stakeholders, is to recognise the issues that they face, understand how to develop strategies to address them and more importantly, to create narratives, or family stories that explain the emotional dimension of the issues to the family. The most intractable family business issues are not the business problems the organisation faces, but the emotional issues that compound them. Applying psychodynamic concepts will help to explain behaviour and will enable the family to prepare for life cycle transitions and other issues that may arise. Here is a new understanding and a broader perspective on the human dynamics of family firms with two complementary frameworks, psychodynamic and family systematic, to help make sense of family run organisations. Although this book includes a conceptual section, it is first and foremost a practical book about the real world issues faced by business families. The book begins by demonstrating that many years of achievement through generations can be destroyed by the next, if the family fails to address the psychological issues they face. By exploring cases from famous and less well known family businesses across the world, the authors discuss entrepreneurs, the entrepreneurial family and the lifecycles of the individual and the organisation. They go on to show how companies going through change and transition can avoid the pitfalls that endanger both family and company. The authors then apply tools that will help family businesses in transition and offer their analyses and conclusions. Readers should draw their own conclusions from careful examination of the cases, identifying the problems or dilemmas faced and the options for improved business performance and family relationships. They should ask what they might have done in the given situation and what new insight into individual or family behaviour each case offers. The goal is to avoid a bitter ending.
Salutogenic organizations and change : the concepts behind organizational health intervention research
Work accommodation and retention in mental health
Influences of career concept changes in organisational and individual  career management practices
Cross-functional teams : working with allies, enemies, and other strangers
The protestant work ethic : the psychology of work-related beliefs and behaviours
Does success at work produce well-being and happiness or vice versa?
A naïve sampling model of intuitive confidence intervals
Psychology and the world of work
Just work
Personality, well-being and job resources : from negative paradigm towards positive psychology
A female cooperative perspective on power influence and ownership
Confidence at work : get it, feel it, keep it
The psychology of workplace technology
Managing people at work
New directions in organizational psychology and behavioural medicine
Psychology and work
This in-depth survey of salutogenesis shows the breadth and strengths of this innovative perspective on health promotion, health care, and wellness. Background and historical chapters trace the development of the salutogenic model of health, and flesh out the central concepts, most notably generalized resistance resources and the sense of coherence, that differentiate it from pathogenesis. From there, experts describe a range of real-world applications within and outside health contexts, from positive psychology to geriatrics, from small towns to corrections facilities, and from school and workplace to professional training. Perspectives from scholars publishing in languages other than English show the global relevance of the field. Among the topics in the Handbook: · Emerging ideas relevant to the salutogenic model of health · Specific resistance resources in the salutogenic model of health · The sense of coherence and its measurement · The application of salutogenesis in communities and neighborhoods · The application of salutogenesis to health development in youth with chronic conditions · The application of salutogenesis in mental health care settings The Handbook of Salutogenesis summarizes an increasingly salient field for graduate and professional students of public health, nursing, psychology, and medicine, and for their instructors. It will also appeal to health-related academicians and professionals who wish to have a thorough grounding in the topic.
Managing burnout in the workplace : a guide for information professionals
Perceived employability : antecedents, trajectories and well-being consequences
Staff burnout : job stress in the human services
Designing for humans
Constitution of knowledge and problem solving at work
Job motivation and job design
Job satisfaction : how people feel about their jobs and how it affects their performance
Vocational psychological and organisational perspectives on career : towards a multidisciplinary dialogue
Work places : the psychology of the physical environment in offices and factories
European journal of work and organizational psychology : the official journal of the European Association of Work and Organizational Psychology
Finnish-Soviet Symposium on Psychology of Work and Occupations : symposium material : Yläkoli 8.-10.9.1980
Psychological issues of human-computer interaction in the work place
The psychology of fatigue : work, effort, and control
Encyclopedia of industrial and organizational psychology
The applicability of organizational sociology
Constructing identities at work
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of the psychology of coaching and mentoring
Practical social pedagogy : theories, values and tools for working with children and young people
Occupational hazards and safety in the Ghana industrial set-up
Theories of career development
Work and effort : the psychology of production
Personality and intelligence at work : exploring and explaining individual differences at work
Introduction to industrial/organizational psychology
Contemporary occupational health psychology : global perspectives on research and practice. Vol. 1
Identities at work
Man-machine systems
On macroergonomics and learning strategies in improving working conditions
Coaching for change
Psychosocial factors at work and their relation to musculoskeletal symptoms
Survival guide for activity professionals
Employment relations : the psychology of influence and control at work
Occupational choice : an approach to a general theory
The structure of work : analyzing interaction in small task groups
Psychological resources, their social antecedents, and association with well-being and health behaviour in early adulthood
Understanding and minimizing problematic relationships in the workplace are goals shared by those who work in and lead organizations as well as those who study organizations. This volume explores troublesome behaviors and patterns that shape relationships (e.g., hostility, bullying, incivility, and ostracism), presents insights gained from in-depth work on contexts and frameworks (e.g., telework, bureaucracies, cultural dimensions, and tokenism from a feminist perspective), and addresses the potential to restore these relationships to greater wellbeing (e.g., resilience, positive communication, civility, and forgiveness). Written by leading experts on problematic relationships in the workplace, this volume combines scholarship with applications that will be valuable in any organization. The new contributions in this second volume of "Problematic Relationships in the Workplace" extend the first volume's work by exploring cutting-edge and emerging issues in the field.
Contemporary occupational health psychology : global perspectives on research and practice. Volume 2
Occupational psychology
Nice girls don't get the corner office : 101 unconscious mistakes women make that sabotage their careers
Psychology at work
Journal of occupational health psychology : Educational Publishing Foundation
This edited volume on "Identities at Work" brings together international theory and empirical research that deals with continuity and change of identity formation processes at work under conditions of modern working processes and labour market flexibility. By bringing together perspectives from sociology, psychology, organisational management and vocational education and training the contributions in this volume connect the debates of skills formation, human resources development and careers with individual's work commitment and professional orientations in various ways. With this focus, the volume presents a new research perspective based on an interdisciplinary and international approach. We argue that in times of globalisation and rapidly changing work realities such an approach is needed to better understand and analyse what is required to equip and prepare the workforce to meet international labour market demands. In this sense, the publication shall serve as a useful resource to researchers and policy makers working in the fields of skills formation, human resources development and organisational management.
Stress, health-related behaviors, and biological risk factors : psychobiological studies of healthy men and women
Motivational theories and practices
Through language we show who we are and where we belong. In the workplace context this includes the way we construct ourselves as the team leader, meeting chair, a good colleague, the judge, a teacher orresearcher. Constructing Identities at Work presents cutting edge research on the process of identity construction in professional and institutional contexts, from corporate workplaces, to courtrooms, classrooms, and academia. The authors illustrate the range of foci, methodologies and approaches prevalent in the newly established field of workplace discourse, demonstrating how interactants do identity work and how identity is 'indexed' (often in subtle ways) in workplace discourse. Moving beyond unhelpful static universalities about how all women, all English-speakers, or all old people behave linguistically, each of the authors emphasises the contextualised nature of our everyday lives and the ways in which we negotiate and renegotiate our emerging identities with others. Among the chapters there are examples of a range of different theoretical approaches to identity in linguistics, from the prevalent social constructionist lens to the micro-level detail accessible through Conversation Analysis, and the quantitative analysis offered by corpus linguistics.
The human side of organizations
Interpersonal evaluation of knowledge in distributed team collaboration
Handbook of industrial and organizational psychology. Volume 4
Industrial/organizational psychology : understanding the workplace
How to win friends and influence people
Group creativity : innovation through collaboration
Job stress and blue collar work
Handbook of vocational psychology. Vol. 2, Applications
The Elgar companion to consumer research and economic psychology
Contemporary models in vocational psychology : a volume in honour of Samuel Osipow
Microfoundations of HRM effects : individual and collective attitudes and performance
Organizational behavior and industrial psychology : readings with commentary
"Psychopaths are little understood outside of the criminal image. However, as the recent global financial crisis highlighted, the behavior of a small group of managers can potentially bring down the entire western system of business. This book investigates who they are, why they do what they do and what the consequences of their presence are"--Provided by publisher.
What is the Recipe of Success at Work? :  Employee Perceptions from a Finnish Telecom Company
Traumatic stress in critical occupations : recognition, consequences, and treatment
Handbook of work and organizational psychology. 1
Laboratory of Work Psychology and Leadership
Experiencing and managing emotions in the workplace
Employer perception of temporary agency employees : case Manpower Oy
Forensic psychiatry
Bringing out the best in people : how to enjoy helping others excel
Future of work: a viewpoint of social sciences : proceedings of the course organised by NIVA, the Nordic Institute of Advanced Occupational Environment Studies, Espoo, 2-6 February 1987
Toxic emotions at work and what you can do about them
Industrial and organizational psychology : research and practice
Research handbook on work and well-being
The family business on the couch : a psychodynamic-systems perspective
Corporate psychopaths : organisational destroyers
Empowerment in organizations : how to spark exceptional performance
Job control and worker health
Face it : recognizing and conquering the hidden fear that drives all conflict at work
Motivational dialogue : preparing addiction professionals for motivational interviewing practice
An important part of every manager's job is changing people's behavior: to improve someone's performance, get them to better manage relationships with colleagues, or to stop them doing something. Yet, despite the fact that changing people's behavior is such an important skill for managers, too many are unsure how to actually go about it. This book reveals the simple, but powerful techniques for changing behavior that experts from a range of disciplines have been using for years, making them available to all managers in a single and comprehensive toolkit for change that managers can use to drive and improve the performance of their staff. Based on research conducted for this book, it introduces practical techniques drawn from the fields of psychology, psychotherapy, and behavioral economics, and show how they can be applied to address some of the most common, every-day challenges that managers face. #changingpeople.
The psychodynamics of organizations
Introduction to work and organizational psychology : a European perspective
Scientific management, job redesign and work performance
Introduction to work psychology
Stress management for human services
Handbook of industrial and organizational psychology. Volume 1
"Individual Adaptability to changes at work refers to an individual's response to new demands or ill defined problems created by uncertainty, complexity, mergers, and any rapid change in the work situation. Today, one of the key factors for individual's success is said to be adaptability. In the past two decades there has been increasing interest in the research on individual adaptability, and this is one of the first academic volumes to look at this important topic. Specific contexts that will be addressed include newcomer adaptation, team building and functioning, work-family conflict, retirement and career management. This edited book book will provide a comprehensive and integrated analysis of the conceptual, assessment and contextual issues that will help identify the current trends and emerging themes in adaptability research"--
Studies in personnel and industrial psychology
Changing employee behavior : a practical guide for managers
Applied psychology
Selection and assessment at work
The psychological contract : managing and developing professional groups
Handbook of industrial and organizational psychology. Volume 2
Organizational psychology in cross-cultural perspective
Handbook of industrial and organizational psychology. Volume 3
The motivation crisis : winding down and turning off
Decisive : how to make better choices in life and work
Calm at work
The psychology of work : theoretically based empirical research
Hidden agendas : situational tasks, discursive strategies and institutional practices in process consultation
Industrial psychology
Psychometrics in coaching : using psychological and psychometric tools for development
Mean girls at work: how to stay professional when things get personal
Almost every person works at some point in their lives. The Research Handbook on Work and Well-Being examines the association of particular work experiences with employee and organizational health and performance.
Psychosocial factors at work : recognition and control
Handbook of work and organizational psychology. Volume 1, Introduction to work and organizational psychology
The effective manager : perspectives and illustrations
Industrial psychology research trends
Discursive matrixes of motherhood : cultivating decency and emotion in Finnish and French mother-talk
People who care : understanding and dealing with their stresses
The case for working with your hands, or, Why office work is bad for us and fixing things feels good
Perceived fatigue related to work
Pre-acculturation among voluntary migrants
The game of work
The associations of temperament traits with job strain and effort-reward imbalance : the cardiovascular risk in young Finns study
Personnel and industrial psychology
Job insecurity : coping with jobs and risk
Work, happiness, and unhappiness
The psychopath factory : how capitalism organises empathy
Problematic relationships in the workplace. Vol. 2
Psychology of work behavior
The apprentice and the project manager : lessons for developing an agile mindset
The manager's guide to counselling at work
Work and organisational psychology : an introduction with attitude
Before happiness : 5 actionable strategies to create a positive path to success
Work, productivity, and job satisfaction : an evaluation of policy-related research
"Employees have personal responsibilities as well as responsibilities to their employers. They also have rights. In order to maintain their well-being, employees need opportunities to resolve conflicting obligations. Employees are often torn between the ethical obligations to fulfill both their work and non-work roles, to respect and be respected by their employers and coworkers, to be responsible to the organization while the organization is reciprocally responsible to them, to be afforded some degree of autonomy at work while attending to collaborative goals, to work within a climate of mutual employee-management trust, and to voice opinions about work policies, processes and conditions without fear of retribution. Humanistic organizations can recognize conflicts created by the work environment and provide opportunities to resolve or minimize them. This handbook empirically documents the dilemmas that result from responsibility-based conflicts. The book is organized by sources of dilemmas that fall into three major categories: individual, organizational (internal policies and procedures), and cultural (social forces external to the organization), including an introduction and a final integration of the many ways in which organizations can contribute to positive employee health and well-being. This book is aimed at both academicians and practitioners who are interested in how interventions that stem from industrial and organizational psychology may address ethical dilemmas commonly faced by employees."--Publisher.
Leap without a net : leaving a job with no plan B
Handbook of organizational citizenship behavior : a review of "good soldier" activity in organizations
The psychology of leadership : new perspectives and research
Training for a rapidly changing workplace : applications of psychological research
Do organizational and job-related factors relate to organizational commitment? : a mixed method study of the associations
The ethical practice of psychology in organizations
Pupil-related psychosocial factors, school setting, and teacher sick leave : a collaborative data study
Designing your life : how to build a well-lived, joyful life
The Oxford handbook of positive psychology and work
The psychology of humor at work
Work welfare activities' attractiveness from business customers' point of view : case study
A systemic-structural theory of activity : applications to human performance and work design
How to win friends and influence people in the digital age
Leadership in organizations
Changes in product development processes : organization, methods and working conditions in engineering design
Culture, self-identity, and work
The Handbook of Salutogenesis
The now habit : a strategic program for overcoming procrastination and enjoying guilt-free play
Work engagement : a handbook of essential theory and research
Psychology at work : an introduction to industrial and organizational psychology
Identity at work
The meaning of working
Industrial psychology and its social foundations
Empowering people : how to bring out the best in your workforce
The main objective of this research-based thesis was to understand how well employ-ees were supported and managed during their role as part of a major change initiative, and how this has influenced their engagement to the case organization. Two theories were drawn upon to support the empirical study and they provided the foundation for the theoretical framework. Change Management served as the primary theory, and Employee Engagement was selected as the secondary theory due to its influence on, and relationship with the successful implementation, management and integration of organizational change. The theoretical framework was further supported with recent reports published by leading practitioners in the human resources community. The empirical study targeted personnel working directly on the change project in a number of project teams spread out across the globe, in addition to personnel who were working independently as the person in charge (PIC) in specific areas of the pro-ject. The research design comprised of a quantitative and qualitative web-based survey questionnaire, administered on November 25th, 2013. The key findings of the survey revealed that overall the change project had been effec-tively managed and supported at all levels of the organization from the perspective of the project team members. A generally positive response to questions surrounding engagement led me to believe the case organization is successfully ensuring that person-nel feel valued and involved in their current roles. The main development suggestions for the case company based on the results of the survey propose the following:  - improvement of the effectiveness and timeliness of communication  - further development of personnel through change management training  - additional clarity with the realignment of goals and objectives  - ensuring personnel are able to balance their full workload.
International review of industrial and organizational psychology
Anger in the workplace : understanding the causes of aggression and violence
Handbook of work and organizational psychology. Volume 2, Work psychology
Personality and stress : individual differences in the stress process
Working it out : the workaholics' survival book
Occupational therapy in mental health
Change management efficiency in global operations : case: Company X
This thesis is made as a case study for an Oulu based indoor activity park. The case company also organizes work welfare activity services for business customers. The objective of this thesis is to determine what kind of work well-being activities companies in Oulu region organizes. Another objective is to find out what are the key issues the case company needs to pay attention to in order to be able to provide attractive services for companies. It was also wanted to examine companies’ expectations towards the benefits that can be achieved by organizing work welfare activity days. Work welfare is the competitive tool which creates financial performance. Work well-being must be considered from the perspective of profitability of the business so that its effects can be utilized in the best possible way. In this thesis the work welfare’s impacts on competitiveness were examined through three main players: productivity and cost-efficiency, quality of work and customer satisfaction, and intangible assets. .Another part of the theory consist of the factors affecting work well-being from the individual and organizational point of view. There has been used Rauramo’s five steps of work well-being- model examines the basic needs with respect of work. The research method used in this thesis is quantitative semi-structured research. It was conducted as a questionnaire which was sent to the respondents via e-mail. Smaller companies had bigger budgets and they organize more often work welfare activity days which last one day. The companies were interested in organizing work welfare activity days in the future as well as having new experiences. Comfortable environment was found out to be the most important factor when choosing a place where to organize work welfare days. The importance of evening program and wide range of options emerged. Companies believed that work welfare has an impact on the company’s success. Relaxation, elevating team spirit and work motivation were found to be the key objectives. The company should focus on smaller companies since they have bigger budgets. Investing in websites is important since companies find information online. The work well-being activity days should have a variety of options to choose from since it occurred many times in the study. The opportunity for evening program was found to be important. The activities uplifting team spirit are worth investing in since it occurred many times in the study.
The human side of corporate competitiveness
Work in the control room : studies of sociotechnical systems, job satisfaction, mental load and stress reactions
Psychology for trainers
Industrial and organizational psychology
"In the past two decades there has been increasing interest in the research on individual adapta-bility, and this is one of the first academic volumes to look at this important topic. Specific con-texts examined include work-family conflict, retirement, career management and intercultural interaction at the workplace. The book will provide a comprehensive and integrated analysis of the conceptual, assessment and contextual issues that will help identify the current trends and emerging themes in adaptability research. "--
Listening to conflict : finding constructive solutions to workplace disputes
This text provides a comprehensive survey of the major theories and research on leadership and managerial effectiveness in formal organizations with practical suggestions for improving leadership skills.
EPC 2006 : European Productivity Conference, Finland 30 August - 1 September 2006 : scientific proceedings
Managing stress : from theory to application
Psychological contract
Applied psychology in human resource management
