http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11905 context
context
Metaphor in use : context, culture, and communication
The nouns conflict and confrontation in present-day English : a corpus-based study of their usage
Context-anchorage and handmaiden of meaning
Insensitive semantics : a defense of semantic minimalism and speech act pluralism
Folklore on two continents : essays in honor of Linda Dégh
What goes around comes around : the circulation of proverbs in contemporary life
Context and connection in metaphor
Voices of the down and out : the Dust Bowl migration and the Great Depression in the songs of Woody Guthrie
Taphonomy and interpretation
Bridging inferences : constraining and resolving underspecification in discourse interpretation
Users’ information systems (IS) security behavior in different contexts
"This ground-breaking work, originally published 15 years ago, continues to serve as the primary reference on the theories of omission potential and translational contact in sign language interpreting. In the book, noted scholar Jemina Napier explores the linguistic coping strategies of interpreters by drawing on her own study of the interpretation of a university lecture from English into Australian Sign Language (Auslan). A new preface by the author provides perspective on the importance of the work and how it fits within the scholarship of interpretation studies. The concept of strategic omissions is explored here as a tool that is consciously used by interpreters as a coping strategy. Instead of being a mistake, omitting part of the source language can actually be part of an active decision-making process that allows the interpreter to convey the correct meaning when faced with challenges. For the first time, Napier found that omission potential existed within every interpretation and, furthermore, she proposed a new taxonomy of five different conscious and unconscious omission types. Her findings also indicate that Auslan/English interpreters use both a free and literal interpretation approach, but that those who use a free approach occasionally switch to a literal approach as a linguistic coping strategy to provide access to English terminology. Both coping strategies help negotiate the demands of interpretation, whether it be lack of subject-matter expertise, dealing with dense material, or the context of the situation. Napier also analyzes the interpreters’ reflections on their decision-making processes as well as the university students’ perceptions and preferences of their interpreters’ linguistic choices and styles. Linguistic Coping Strategies in Sign Language Interpreting is a foundational text in interpretation studies that can be applied to interpreting in different contexts and to interpreter training."
Relativismus und Kontextualismus : Festschrift für Henri Lauener = Relativism and contextualism : essays in honor of Henri Lauener
MEANING. -- 1. Be clear. -- 2. Choose the right word. -- 3. Paint a picture. -- 4. Push buttons. -- 5. Evoke specific situations. -- 6. Zoom in on telling details. -- 7. Tap into metaphor. -- 8. Use ambiguity for good, not evil. -- 9. Say the wrong thing. -- SOUND. -- 10. Keep it simple. -- 11. Give it rhythm. -- 12. Play with poetic patterns. -- 13. Make the sound fit. -- STRUCTURE. -- 14. Break the rules. -- 15. Coin a new word. -- 16. Make a play on words. -- 17. Combine words artfully. -- 18. Use grammar expressively. -- 19. Repeat structures. -- 20. Teach an old cliché new tricks. -- SOCIAL CONTEXT. -- 21. Evoke conversation. -- 22. Establish a relationship. -- 23. Create a microvoice.
Variation and textuality in oral narratives
The use of context in pragmatic language comprehension in normally developing children and children with Asperger syndrome/high-functioning autism : an application of relevance theory
The Bible at cultural crossroads : from translation to communication
Compositionality, context and semantic values : essays in honour of Ernie Lepore
Folklore in context : essays
Towards a comprehensive theory of musical emotions : a multidimensional research approach and some empirical findings
Context, genre and translation: A view from institutional discourse
The Anglo-Saxon charms : texts in context
Some comments on context, text and subtext in Irish folklore
The dynamic concept of humor : Erich Fromm and the possibility of humane humor
AWARE:a mobile context instrumentation middleware to collaboratively understand human behavior
Transcendental arguments in the theory of content : an inaugural lecture delivered before the university of Oxford on 16. May 1989
Meaning and context
Young researches at DCL - three papers
Situated communication
Society and discourse : how social contexts influence text and talk
On software localisation and its outsourcing as a business advantage
Microstyle : the art of writing little
Community-centric mobile peer-to-peer services: performance evaluation and user studies
Contexts for criticism
Justification in the world's context
Context-sensitivity and semantic minimalism : new essays on semantics and pragmatics
Linguistic coping strategies in sign language interpreting
Is a proverb always a proverb?
One-to-one glossaries in EFL vocabulary teaching : an experimental study
Interdisciplinarity and contextuality in studying fragmentarily documented languages : new approaches to Sabellian linguistic materials
Runeberg's two homelands
Poetry and its contexts in eleventh-century Byzantium
Language encounters across time and space : studies in language contact
Behold the proverbs of a people : proverbial wisdom in culture, literature, and politics
The said and the unsaid : mind, meaning, and culture
Contextualist dilemmas : methodology of the history of political theory in two stages
Anchorages of meaning : the consequences of contextualist approaches to literary meaning production
Deconstructing context : a critical approach to archaeological practice
Context-aware and trust-based personal wellness information framework for pervasive health
Modelling contexts in cross-cultural communication environments
The mind in context
The environment in contexts : environmental concern in the Komi Republic (Russia)
The environment in contexts:environmental concern in the Komi Republic (Russia)
Semantic framing of speech : emotional and topical cues in perception of poorly specified speech
The effect of context on idiom usage : a study based on the television show Friends
AWARE: a mobile context instrumentation middleware to collaboratively understand human behavior
Discourse analysis
Comics & culture : analytical and theoretical approaches to comics
The quest for context and meaning : studies in biblical intertextuality in honor of James A. Sanders
Experiential function in stereotyped characterisation in an American situation comedy The golden girls
Paraphrase and rhetorical adjustment : an essay on contextualism and cohesion
Sequantility and iconomism in operating instructions
Contexts in translating
Social context and cognitive performance : towards a social psychology of cognition
Anti-immigrant attitudes in context : the role of rhetoric, religion and political representation
An introduction to sociolinguistics
Zones and tiers : a study of thematic structure
The textualization of oral tradition and its modern contextualization in Finland. / Pertti Anttonen
Language, context, and text : aspects of language in a social-semiotic perspective
Living with stories : telling, re-telling, and remembering
Native American verbal art : texts and contexts
Miłosz like the world : poet in the eyes of Polish literary critics
Anchorages of meaning : the consequenses of contextualist approaches to literary meaning production
Recontextualizing context : grammaticality meets appropriateness
Genre and second language writing
Proverbs as historical media and messages
Context and presupposition
Language and context : a functional linguistic theory of register
"The thirteen chapters of this book comprise an intriguing and informative entry into the world of proverb scholarship, illustrating that proverbs have always been and continue to be wisdom's international currency. The first section of the book focuses on the field of paremiology (proverb studies) in general, the spread of Anglo-American proverbs in Europe, and the phenomenon of modern proverbs. The second section analyzes the use of proverbs in the world of politics, including a chapter on President Obama, while the third concentrates on the uses of proverbs in literature. The final section ends with detailed cultural studies of the origin, history, dissemination, use, function, and meaning of specific proverbs.Noted scholar Wolfgang Mieder shows that proverbs matter in culture, literature, and politics. Proverbs remain part and parcel of oral and written communication, and, he demonstrates, they deserve to be studied from a range of viewpoints. While various chapters deal with a variety of issues and approaches, they cohere through a rhetorical perspective that looks at the text, texture, and context of proverbs as speech acts that make a noteworthy impact on culture and society. Whether proverbs appear in everyday speech, on the radio, on television, in films, on the pages of newspapers or magazines, in advertisements, in literary works, or in political speeches, they serve as formulaic verbal devices to add authoritative weight through tradition, convention, and wisdom"--
The case for contextualism. Vol. 1, Knowledge, skepticism, and context
Roman Jakobson : life, language, art
The language of folklore - slave or master?
Boran proverbs in their cultural context / Abdullahi A. Shongolo, Günther Schlee
"By grace alone" in contexts of "self-cultivation" : an attempt at contextualizing the Lutheran doctrine of justification to Chinese contexts as influenced by New Confucianism
Advertising to women through the internet : a comparative multimodal study between finnish and english
The Dead Sea scrolls in context : integrating the Dead Sea scrolls in the study of ancient text, languages, and cultures. Vol. 2
Texts and contexts : an introduction to literature and language study
Communicative purpose in translating Finnish culture-specific items : a comparison of three genres
Making sense digitally : conversational coherence in online and mixed-mode contexts
The functions of non-standard English in literature and film : a case study on Roddy Doyle's The commitments
Information systems in context : building a tool for analysing the sociotechnical context of organisational information systems
Semantics and contextual expression
The contextual nature of launching industrial new products
The semantics of free indirect discource : how texts allow us to mind-read and eavesdrop
Language in context : selected essays
From old folk poetry to discussion in Internet
End user context in analyzing mobile device and service usage
Place, writing, and voice in oral history
The problem of context
Contemporary painting in context : edited by Anne Ring Petersen, with Mikkel Bogh, Hans Dam Christensen, Peter Nørgaard Larsen
Learning games and children's user experience : the effects of context
Idioms, sentence types, and grammatical rules: how context becomes grammar
The handbook of pragmatics
Interperformative relationships in Ingrian oral poetry
Interaction in asset-based value creation within innovation networks : the case of software industry
The expression and contents of non-morphological evidentiality in Lithaunian : the case of neuter adjectives and adverbs
Writing Homer : a study based on results from modern fieldwork
Doing pragmatics
Ways of saying, ways of meaning : selected papers of Ruqaiya Hasan
The Finnish national anthem in translation : deixis and national sentiment
Jesus in context : background readings for Gospel study
Thomas Heywood's theatre, 1599-1639 : locations, translations, and conflict
The use of context in pragmatic language comprehension in normally developing children and children with Asperger syndrome/high-functioning autism:an application of relevance theory
Cultural context adaptation in two Finnish translations of A bear called Paddington
Empty names and reference
The invention of culture
On the context sensitivity of institutional interaction
Empty texts, full meanings : on transformal meaning in folklore
Liturgy in dialogue : essays in memory of Roland Jasper
The social context of nonverbal behavior
Contexts of cultural studies?
Context-dependence in the analysis of linguistic meaning
Thomas Heywood was a playwright, miscellanist and a translator. Arguing that Heywood's theatrical output deserves the same attention and study that has been directed towards Shakespeare, Jonson, and Middleton, this book looks at the periods of Heywood's creativity. It explores how Heywood participated in the civic life of London in his writings.
Cultural and linguistic context and lexical inferencing in English language learning : a case study
Symbols in action : ethnoarchaeological studies of material culture
The many faces of a conflict : representations of the 1981 Northern Irish hunger strike in international press
Context modeling and utilization in heterogeneous networks
Virginia Woolf in context
A functional and social-semiotic perspective on language, context and text
Tag questions and their discourse functions with a view from translating from English to Finnish
Contemporary Dickens
Inescapable horizon : culture and context
Contexts of subordination : cognitive, typological and discourse perspectives
Contexts : historical, social, linguistic : studies in celebration of Toril Swan
Anthropology, art and cultural production
Colouring meaning : collocation and connotation in figurative language
Contextualism in philosophy : knowledge, meaning, and truth
The Victorian novel in context
Liberating content
The intellectual contexts of Kafka's fiction : philosophy, law, religion
Dōgen's Uji-chapter as a cultural study object : revision of theoretical viewpoints concerning Zen language
Alternative Shakespeares. Vol. 2
The language of metaphors
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Users' information systems (IS) security behavior in different contexts
Dialogue in Spanish : studies in functions and contexts
Pura Besakih : temple, religion and society in Bali
Emergence of linguistic representations by independent component analysis
As a paradigmatic modernist author, Virginia Woolf is celebrated for the ways her fiction illuminates modern and contemporary life. Woolf scholars have long debated how context - whether historical, cultural, or theoretical - is to be understood in relation to her work, and how her work produces new insights into context. Drawing on an international field of leading and emergent specialists, this collection provides an authoritative resource for contemporary Woolf scholarship that explores the distinct and overlapping dimensions of her writings. Rather than survey existing scholarship, these essays extend Woolf studies in new directions by examining how the author is contextualised today. The collection also highlights connections between Woolf and key cultural, political, and historical issues of the twentieth century such as avant-gardism in music and art, developments in journalism and the publishing industry, political struggles over race, gender, and class, and the bearings of colonialism, empire, and war. A valuable critical touchstone for researchers, the volume will also complement graduate scholarship in English literature, literary theory, context studies, and modernism and postcolonial studies.
Data models for home services
The Qurʾān in its historical context
Interpretation of journalistic photographs as an instrument of visual literacy education
