http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11915 interdisciplinary research
interdisciplinary research
Critical discourse analysis. Vol. 3, Doing CDA/case studies
Interdisciplinary research : process and theory
Culture, perceptions, and environmental problems : interscientific communication on environmental issues
Art and science
International handbook of psychology
Mathematical models as mediators of interdisciplinary practices : case study on modeling in biometry
Natural science in archaeology in Denmark, Iceland, Norway and Sweden : a report to the European Science Foundation Committee for Archaeology
Opening cross-disciplinary dialogue : a virtual workshop on methodology
Archaeology and anthropology : past, present and future
Art & D : research and development in art / [editorial team: Joke Brouwer... et al.]
Conceptual foundations for multidisciplinary thinking
Literature search strategies for interdisciplinary research : a sourcebook for scientists and engineers
Psychology and sociology applied to medicine : an illustrated colour text
Multidiciplinarity in development studies
"This volume looks at the ways in which adaptations can and have been taught by leading academics in the field of Adaptation Studies from all over the world. While aware that Shakespeare and canonical literature remain the mainstay of adaptation study in English, Teaching Adaptations addresses the challenges and appeal of teaching popular fiction and culture, video games and new media content, which serve to enrich the curriculum, as well as exploit the changing methods by which English students read and consume literary and screen texts. The volume is structured to appeal to both those who are considering teaching adaptations for the first time as well as those who are familiar with key perspectives in adaptation criticism"--
A composite view to the past : a methodological integration of zooarchaeology and archaeological geophysics at the Magdalenian site of Verberie le Buisson-Campin
Public administration : the interdisciplinary study of government
Shamans, priests and witches : a cross-cultural study of magico-religious practitioners
Rethinking Euro-anthropology : part two
Metaphorical circuit : negotiations between literature and science in twentieth-century Japan
Crossing boundaries : knowledge, disciplinarities, and interdisciplinarities
Interdisciplinary language arts and science instruction in elementary classrooms : applying research to practice
The value of gambling and its research : an introduction
Critiquing free speech : First Amendment theory and the challenge of interdisciplinarity
Integrating psychology and spirituality?
Routledge companion to contemporary anthropology
Shifting to "big picture" design? : discursive explorations of emerging conceptions of design orientated towards social complexity
Interdisciplinary studies in musicology : report from the third Interdisciplinary Conference, Poznań, April 26-28, 1996
Borrowed knowledge : chaos theory and the challenge of learning across disciplines
Taking stock of interdisciplinarity as it nears its century mark, the Oxford Handbook of Interdisciplinarity constitutes a major new reference work on the topic of interdisciplinarity, a concept of growing academic and societal importance. Interdisciplinarity is fast becoming as important outside academia as within. Academics, policy makers, and the general public are seeking methods and approaches to help organize and integrate the vast amounts of knowledge being produced, both within research and at all levels of education. The Oxford Handbook of Interdisciplinarity provides a synoptic overview of the current state of interdisciplinary research, education, administration and management, and problem solving-knowledge that spans the disciplines and interdisciplinary fields, and crosses the space between the academic community and society at large. Its 37 chapters and 14 case studies provide a snapshot of the state of knowledge integration as interdisciplinarity approaches its century mark. This groundbreaking text offers by far the most broad-based account of inter- and transdisciplinarity to date. Its original essays bring together many of the globe's leading thinkers on interdisciplinary research, education, and the institutional aspects of interdisciplinarity, as well as extended reflections on how knowledge is integrated into societal needs.
Imagery in the 21st century / edited by Oliver Grau with Thomas Veigl ; contributors Marie-Luise Angerer, Olaf Breidbach, Adrian David Cheok, Wendy Hyi Kyong Chun, Sean Cubitt, Andreas Deutsch, Jeremy Douglass, James Elkins, Oliver Grau, Stefan Heidenreich, Eduardo Kac, Martin Kemp, H
Geohumanities / : art, history, text at the edge of place
The Sage handbook of cultural sociology
Assessment methods for infants and toddlers : transdisciplinary team approaches
Laboratory experiments in the social sciences
Exploring reality
Art at science
Aesthetics, art, life : a collection of articles
The golden handshake of the first world : development research, developmentalism and take-off into development studies
New hybridities : societies and cultures in transition
The accompaniment : assembling the contemporary
The object of this work is the interdisciplinary dialogue between natural sciences and Christian theology. The objective is to study the theological, epistemological and semantic conditions that make possible an articulation between scientific worldviews and theological discourses. In this study “to articulate” means that scientific theories and theological discourses do not share the same semantic horizon. At the same time, the verb “to articulate” implies that there is a possible mediation between scientific worldviews and systematic theology. The main thesis of this study is that an articulation between scientific worldviews and systematic theology is possible through the mediation of philosophy. Natural sciences and philosophy refer to the order of manifestation where real things appear as phenomena. Christian theology refers to the order of revelation where God communicates Himself to the human person. The relationship between these two orders can be expressed with the maxim: neither confusion nor separation. Furthermore, there is a positive formulation of that relation: revelation assumes and transfigures what is manifested. This model of relation is the fundamental theological condition that makes possible an articulation between natural sciences and theology. In addition, there is an epistemological condition: the homologous rational structure of each rational field (sciences, philosophy and theology). Based on these theological and epistemological conditions, this research work proposes a theological method that articulates scientific worldviews into systematic theology through the mediation of philosophy. The method seeks two objectives: (a) that theology remains in its epistemological boundaries and (b) to respect symmetrically the autonomy of natural sciences' procedures. Finally, the proposed method is applied to three examples: the elaboration of theological discourses, in dialogue with natural sciences, about (i) creation, (ii) human action and (iii) a spiritual contemplation of God's presence in the world. This research follows the contributions of two major scholars of the twentieth century: Jean Ladrière and Xavier Zubiri. Our considerations are based on the scholars' analyses of the plurality of epistemologies and their analyses of the intellectual act.
The study of information : interdisciplinary messages
Incarnation and physics : Thomas F. Torrence's christological bridge between theology and the natural sciences
Pictures of reality 3 : an interdisciplinary seminar of artists and scientists : Gannarve Farm, Gotland, Sweden, August 13 - 20, 1994 : proceedings / edited by Andrzej Ekwinski
The hedgehog, the fox, and the magister's pox : mending the gap between science and the humanities
Autobiography : essays theoretical and critical
Research beyond borders : multidisciplinary reflections
Alker and IR : global studies in an interconnected world
Charles S. Peirce (1839-1914) is known as a logician, philosopher, mathematician and physicist. He is one of the most important thinkers in the modern history of science. In the late and most important phase of his work (1891-1909), he wrote thematic essays and lectures selected explicitly as a series for the periodical The Monist. His contributions, of which only excerpts and heavily revised versions have been published thus far, are given in full publication in the Monist texts in this volume intended as a contemporary approach to the highly heterogeneous work of Peirce. It is an attempt to divulge Peirce's thoughts to the international scientific public without editorial modifications. The central objective of the Monist series is the creation of a semiotic methodology. The papers present statements on universal laws, logic, emotions, cognition, desire, experience and knowledge. Besides its relevance in the philosophical and cultural image of research in cognitive science and logic, it is shown by the topics discussed by Peirce that these essays have high relevance for the contemporary natural sciences.
The Oxford handbook of interdisciplinarity
The poetics of singularity : the counter-culturalist turn in Heidegger, Derrida, Blanchot, and the later Gadamer
Literature and the new interdisciplinarity : poetics, linguistics, history
Time and change : archaeological and anthropological perspectives on the long-term in hunter-gatherer societies
Emergence, complexity, hierarchy, organization : selected and edited papers from ECHO III Conference
Towards an archaeology of the index : art history between science and religion / Claire Farago
Social science theories in adult education research
The mind in action : a personal view of cognitive science
Intersectionality
Teaching adaptations
The Oxford handbook of dance and politics
Towards consilence
Comparing nations and cultures : readings in a cross-disciplinary perspective
The search for mind : a new foundation for cognitive science
In(ter)discipline : new languages for criticism / edited by Gillian Beer, Malcolm Bowie, Beate Perrey
Ethnoarchaeology in action
Interdisciplinarity and higher education
Travelling concepts in the humanities : a rough guide / Mieke Bal
Body, epistemology, interpretation : Friedrich Nietzsche and Karl Kerényi
How design can contribute to materials research : explorative prototyping as a method for collaboration between design and materials science
Magical consciousness : an anthropological and neurobiological approach
Connecting creations : science, technology, literature, arts / edited by Margery Arent Safir
Chronotypes : the construction of time
Key concepts in geography
Home economics and its new qualifications in promoting general education
This volume focuses on religious, historical, literary, cultural and political models, developed in America, for the realization and representation of American lives. These original articles demonstrate the importance of different forms of life writing for the disciplines of American Studies. Experts in the field such as literary and cultural critics Sidonie Smith, Craig Howes, Birgit Däwes, historian Thomas Bender, and writer critic Siri Hustvedt among others cover the wide range of the presentation and performance of selves in colonial literature, nature writing, immigrant and campaign auto/biographies, religion, film, TV series, rap music, graphic presentations, comics, and sports. Adressing the transnational self-affirmations of American citizens in Hawai'i, the Caribbean islands, on reservations, and in urban ghettos they represent the diversified panorama of American lives.
Methodologies in housing research
Interdisciplinary and transdisciplinary landscape studies : potential and limitations
Global and regional problems : towards an interdisciplinary study
Curriculum integration : designing the core of democratic education
Interdisciplinary learning and teaching in higher education : theory and practice
American lives
Language as a complex system : interdisciplinary approaches
"Are we even talking about the same thing?" : creating shared understanding in interdiciplinary service design teams by measuring and visualising team mental models
Principles for designing transdisciplinary research : proposed by the Swiss academies of arts and sciences
Food studies : food, nutrition, agriculture, gastronomy, culinary art, history, science, sociology, art history, anthropology, agribusiness, food science
Theory reduction considered harmful?
The concept of intersectionality has become a hot topic in academic and activist circles alike. But what exactly does it mean, and why has it emerged as such a vital lens through which to explore how social inequalities of race, class, gender, sexuality, age, ability and ethnicity shape one another? In this new book Patricia Hill Collins and Sirma Bilge provide a much-needed, introduction to the field of intersectional knowledge and praxis. They analyze the emergence, growth and contours of the concept and show how intersectional frameworks speak to topics as diverse as human rights, neoliberalism, identity politics, immigration, hip hop, global social protest, diversity, digital media, Black feminism in Brazil, violence and World Cup soccer. Accessibly written and drawing on a plethora of lively examples to illustrate its arguments, the book highlights intersectionality's potential for understanding inequality and bringing about social justice oriented change. Intersectionality will be an invaluable resource for anyone grappling with the main ideas, debates and new directions in this field.
Meaning and Interpretation : conference held in Stockholm, September 24-26 1998
Interdisciplinary studies journal
Planning theory : from the political debate to the methodological reconstruction
Intersubjectivity : the fabric of social becoming
Religion und sprache = Religion and language
Moving in a landscape of an inter-disciplinary improvisation performance : ways of working and facilitating
Interdisciplinarity
Interdisciplinarity in environmental research -seminar, May 4th 2004 at 9-20, Viikki Infocentre, Helsinki : abstract volume
Einstein meets Magritte : an interdisciplinary reflection : The white book of "Einstein meets Magritte"
From the center to the circumference : encyclopedic topologies in literature from Dante through modern science fiction
The archaeology of medicine : papers given at a session of the annual conference of the Theoretical Archaeology Group held at the University of Birmingham on 20 December 1998
The hyphenated phrase 'in-visibility' indicates that the visible and the invisible are inseparable and yet in tension with each other. If originating from acts of (in)visibilization, both the visible and the invisible are ethically imbued. Whether we see or overlook each other, respect or dismiss another's dignity, remember or forget a history of crimes against humanity, our (over)sight has an impact on our interaction. What, then, is implied in seeing the human being as created in the image of an invisible God, as imago Dei? Which (re)sources in Judaism and Christianity can counter idolatry in the sense of cognitive captivity and experiences of abandonment after the Shoah? In addressing such questions, this book outlines an ethics of in-visibility in an interdisciplinary dialogue between philosophy and theology, cultural history, art and media theory, sociology, literary and gender studies. Contributors: Christina von Braun, Iben Damgaard, Daniel Dayan, Arne Grøn, Hannes Langbein, Paul Mendes-Flohr, Melissa Raphael, N. Verbin, Alana M. Vincent, Claudia Welz, Christian Wiese, Elliot R. Wolfson.
On speaking terms : scientific boundary work and the discovery of aphasia, 1861-1874
Travelling concepts in the humanities : a rough guide
Tensions in human-technology research
The science and art of cultural management : symposium series: Cultural Management and the State of the Field : Helsinki, Finland 16-18th April 2008
Interdisciplinary research : diverse approaches in science, technology, health, and society
Master of none : designer of all trades
Criminology : an interdisciplinary approach
Archaeology at the interface : studies in archaeology's relationships with history, geography, biology and physical science
Conceptualizing cultural hybridization : a transdisciplinary approach
This book presents an interdisciplinary investigation into the emergence of the actor and theater. Scholarship helps us to realize how we have evolved to who we are today and to understand the transformative power of performance. The author proposes to boost and advance theater studies by reviewing new research in anthropology, archaeology, paleoanthropology, classics, ethnography, physics, cognitive science, neuroscience, theater anthropology and performance studies. Referring to his fieldwork in Bali and Tibet, and to his professional experience in theater, the author explains the role of bipedality, toolmaking and trance in the evolution of the performer, examines the performativity of space and writing, and argues that ancient culture emerged from dance.
On the origins of theater
Social psychology of education
The articulation between natural sciences and systematic theology : a philosophical mediation based on the contributions of Jean Ladrière and Xavier Zubiri
Outside the lines : issues in interdisciplinary research
Dialogue in the crisis of representation : realism and antirealism in the context of the conversation between theologians and quantum physicists in Göttingen 1949-1961
Critical discourse analysis. Vol. 4, Applications, interdisciplinary perspectives and new trends
Cultural studies, interdisciplinarity and translation
Integral ecology : uniting multiple perspectives on the natural world
The anxiety of interdisciplinarity / edited by Alex Coles and Alexia Defert
Opus : meždisciplinarnye issledovaniâ v arheologii = Opus : interdisciplinary investigation in archaeology. Vyp. = Vol. 3
Knowledges : historical and critical studies in disciplinarity
Interdisciplinary accountability in the evaluation of research proposals : prospects for academic quality control across disciplinary boundaries
Socio-culture / inter-disciplinary essays on society and culture
Critical and cultural theory : thematic variations
Tackling wicked problems through the transdisciplinary imagination
Information science : the interdisciplinary context
Biosocial matters : rethinking sociology-biology relations in the twenty-first century
Multiple lenses, multiple images : perspectives on the child across time, space and disciplines
The logic of interdisciplinarity : "The Monist" -series
The social and political body
Rewriting texts remaking images : interdisciplinary perspectives
Encompassing gender : integrating international studies and women's studies
Appraising research : evaluation in academic writing
Interdisciplinarity : history, theory, and practice
Practising interdisciplinarity
Facilitating collaboration : exploring a socio-technical approach to the design of a collaboratory for library and information science
Migration theory : talking across disciplines
Introduction to interdisciplinary studies
Making space for science : territorial themes in the shaping of knowledge
How is ethnicity viewed by scholars of different academic disciplines? Can its emergences be compared in various regions of the world? How can it be conceptualized with specific reference to distinct historical periods? This book shows in a uniquely and innovative way the broad range of approaches to the political uses of ethnicity, both in contemporary settings and from a historical perspective. Its scope is multidisciplinary and spans across the globe.
Physical sciences : curriculum resources and activities for school librarians and teachers
American studies in the Nordic countries
Critical event studies : approaches to research
For sociology : legacies and prospects
New curriculum for new times : A guide to student-centered, problem-based learning
Human approaches to the Universe : interdiscplinary studies
Methods for transdisciplinary research : a primer for practice
What about cultural policy? : interdisciplinary perspectives on culture and politics
"This book is an exploration of how writers take an evaluative stance in academic writing from the point of view of Appraisal theory. It focuses on introductions to research articles in English across a range of disciplines"--Provided by publisher.
In recent decades, dance has become a vehicle for querying assumptions about what it means to be embodied, in turn illuminating intersections among the political, the social, the aesthetical, and the phenomenological. The Oxford Handbook of Dance and Politics presents a compendium of newly-commissioned chapters that address the interdisciplinary and global scope of dance theory - its political philosophy, social movements, and approaches to bodily difference such as disability, postcolonial, and critical race and queer studies. In six sections 30 of the most prestigious dance scholars in the US and Europe track the political economy of dance and analyze the political dimensions of choreography, of writing history, and of embodied phenomena in general. Employing years of intimate knowledge of dance and its cultural phenomenology, scholars urge readers to re-think dominant cultural codes, their usages, and the meaning they produce and theorize ways dance may help to re-signify and to re-negotiate established cultural practices and their inherent power relations.
Rethinking visual art practice in relation to well-being : a conceptual analysis
Interdisciplinary research on the conservation and sustainable use of the Amazonian rain forest and its information requirements : report on the workshop held in Brasilia, Brazil, november 20-22, 1995
The production of space / Henri Lefebvre
The dialogical turn : new roles for sociology in the postdisciplinary age
Pagans and practitioners : expanding biblical scholarship
In this research I'm moving and exploring in a landscape of an inter-disciplinary improvisation performance. The  research is structured by choosing one performance which functions as a documented snippet of an ongoing interdisciplinary  improvisation practice and is a vehicle to analyse what sort of skills and knowledge enable and are  developed in that specific ongoing practice. I map out the validity of those skills and knowledge in relationship to  a dancer's know-how in a new paradigm of performing arts, as well as how to facilitate them and what sort of  philosophical and ethical notions and issues arise in such a facilitation process. The mode of this thesis is practicebased  art-pedagogical research.  I'm proposing that the skills and knowledge that enable inter-disciplinary improvisation, and that are  simultaneously developed in the practice, are a dancer's self–reflection and decision making process; a dancer's  own research and awareness of senses and perceptions; the awareness of interaction of performer(s) and audience  during a performance situation and the collaborative approaches towards learning and creating artistic work.  These skills and knowledge share similar terrain with the skills and knowledge of a dancer in a new paradigm of  performing arts, including the new paradigm of contemporary dance, defined by a performative shift.  In addition to these, what can be specifically drawn from inter-disciplinary improvisation practice is a dancer's  awareness of her/his inherent concepts that frame her/his perception in working situations, as well as discipline  specific inherent working practices and terminology that are taken as a given, yet come up for discussion and  reflection through inter-disciplinary work.  I'm proposing that these skills and knowledge can be facilitated and developed through dialogical and critical  pedagogical approaches that take in consideration notions of freedom, responsibility, artistic ownership, artistic  integrity, as well as a notion of wider socio-political landscapes that the work exists in.  In terms of practice based working methods that can facilitate this sort of skills and knowledge, there are many  routes. One possible way are the inter-disciplinary working methods introduced in this thesis, that emphasize  action-research based working cycles, working collaboratively both within a group, as well as in co-facilitating and  approaching a facilitation process as a not-yet-known situation. This mode of working approaches a teacher as an  active researcher and facilitator, who also engages in a process of self-reflection and dialogue.
Interdisciplinary research in taxation : research approaches and bibliographic survey
Global human trafficking : critical issues and contexts
Handbook of discourse analysis. Vol. 1, Disciplines of discourse
Ethnicity as a political resource : conceptualizations across disciplines, regions, and periods
Interdisciplinary conversations : challenging habits of thought
Critical discourse analysis. Vol. 1, Concepts, history, theory
Presented with the task of preparing students for life in a rapidly shrinking world, even scholars teaching in cross-disciplinary areas like women's studies may find themselves overwhelmed by the need to cross disciplinary and geographic borders-often in defiance of academic traditions and prejudices. And some faculty are leading the way to a curriculum that reflects the forces of globalization. Encompassing Gender is an anthology of more than 40 essays by 60 scholars, many of them working in groups that cut across the humanities, the sciences, and the social sciences, all of them committed to an interdisciplinary approach to internationalizing the curriculum. These scholar-teachers promote the discovery of more diverse and global perspectives. Strategies for focus are key. The volume includes essays, course syllabi, annotated bibliographies and videographies, as well as novel teaching strategies and suggestions for a variety of international materials. The contributors take a fully integrated approach to such transformational curricular work, recommending both theoretical perspectives and specific strategies for teaching.
Ecology revisited : reflecting on concepts, advancing science
Ethics of in-visibility : Imago Dei, memory, and human dignity in Jewish and Christian thought
Theology and religious studies : an exploration of disciplinary boundaries
Genre - text - interpretation : multidisciplinary perspectives on folklore and beyond
Pictures of reality II : an interdiciplinary seminar of artists and scientists : August 12-20, 1992 marienhamn, Åland & Stockholm, Sweden : Proceedings : Åland / edited by Andrzej Ekwinski
Ethno-archaeology and its transfers : papers from a session held at the European Association of Archaeologists, fifth annual meeting in Bournemouth 1999
Breaking out of the box : interdisciplinary collaboration and faculty work
Environmental social science : human-environment interactions and sustainability
The technological herbarium
Intersemiotic Translation from Novel to Graphic Novel and a Case Study of Neil Gainman's Neverwhere
Geography and history : bridging the divide
The journal Human technology : an ongoing resource for human-technology research
Opus : meždisciplinarnye issledovaniâ v arheologii = Opus : interdisciplinary investigation in archaeology. Vyp. = Vol. 4
Palliative care for children and families : an interdisciplinary approach
Postcolonial studies across the disciplines
(Un)common ground : creative encounters across sectors and disciplines
Critical discourse analysis. Vol. 2, Methodologies
Interdisciplinary course in dance and media at the media department of the University of Lapland
