http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11951 media art
media art
The speed book
Video : the reflexive medium
Memesis : the future of evolution : Ars Electronica 96 / Herausgeber: Gerfied Stocker, Christine Schöpf ; [Veranstalter: Ars Eletronica Center Linz]
Nordic media culture : actors and practices / Minna Tarkka and Mirjam Martevo (eds.)
The language of new media / Lev Manovich
Open source and new media artists
Olematu kunst : Sorose Kaasaegse Kunsti Eesti Keskuse 2. aastanäitus = Unexistent Art. 2nd Annual Exhibition of the Soros Center for Contemporary Arts, Estonia
Feelings are always local
A brief history of curating new media art : conversations with curators
Memesis : the future of evolution : Ars Electronica 96 : net-symposium : compilation of contributions 1 April - 13 August 1996
Creating art with mobile phones in public spaces is an emerging form of artistic expression. This dissertation investigates the design of mobile art applications for creating and sharing interactive art experiences in public spaces. It explores new ways of deploying mobile and ubiquitous computing for art making that fosters creativity and community. This is done by developing a series of novel prototype applications, with a focus on multimodal interfaces, that are put into use in authentic environments for validation by real people. The results of this research inform future design of new forms of artistic and social activity that may eventually become everyday actions of creative expression and exploration.
Memesis : the future of evolution
The dictionary of art. 4, Biardeau to Brüggemann
The dictionary of art. 12, Gairard to Goodhue
Audio arts : discourse and practice in contemporary art / William Furlong
On-line/Off-line : between text and experience : writing as a lifestyle
Bold visions : the digital painting bible : for fantasy and science-fiction artists
Ram 3 : Reclaiming cultural territory in new media
Der Prix ars electronica : edition 1990 : internationales Kompendium der Computerkünste = international compendium of the computer arts / Herausgeber = published by Hannes Leopoldseder
Synthetic times : media art China 2008
The dictionary of art. 7, China, VIII, jade-carving to Cossa
Interdisciplinary course in dance and media at the media department of the University of Lapland
Digital arts : an introduction to new media
Paranoid mirror : Lynn Hershman
Der Prix ars electronica : edition 91 : internationales Kompendium der Computerkünste = international compendium of the computer arts / Herausgeber = publisher: Hannes Leopoldseder
Bold visions : the digital painting bible
Clicking in : hot links to a digital culture / edited by Lynn Hershman Leeson
Visual media! : at the crossroads of media and art education
Sonic boom : the art of sound : [Hayward Gallery, London, 27.4. - 18.6.2000]
Internationaler Videokunstpreis 1998 : Internationaler award for video art 1998 / ZKM, Zentrum für Kunst und Medientechnologie Karlsruhe ; Katalogkonzept: Rudolf Frieling ; Katalogredaktion: Claudia Gehrig
The art and films of Lynn Hershman Leeson : secret agents, private I
E-mobilart : European Mobile lab for interactive media artists
Screens : viewing media installation art
At the edge of art / Joline Blais and Jon Ippolito
Sam Taylor-Wood
Dialogues between art, medicine and research
Prismatic media, transnational circuits : feminism in a globalized present
View06 : suomalaisen mediataiteen festivaali = festival of Finnish media art : AV-arkki 2006
Adobe Illustrator CS5 digital classroom
The operations necessary to solve a problem / Charles Sandison in an Email conversation with Pavel Büchler
Ars Electronica 1979 - 2004 : the network for art, technology and society : the first 25 years : 25 Jahre Network für Kunst, Technologie und Gesellschaft / [editors: Hannes Leopoldseder, Christine Schöpf, Gerfried Stocker]
Seeing time : selections from the Pamela and Richard Kramlich collection of media art
Der Prix Ars Electronica 1994 : Internationales Kompendium der Computerkünste = International Compendium of the Computer Arts / [Herausgeber:] Hannes Leopoldseder
Europrix MultiMediaArt : Europe's best in multimedia : the nominees
Serendipity of Colliding Multimedia : a study into the aesthetics and dramaturgy of generative art and into the nature of chance
Aether9
The VJ book : inspirations and practical advice for live visuals performance
Art_server: stargate to netculture : positions on structural aspects of net art, content and culture launching art_servers / Herausgegeben von = published by Margarete Jahrmann und O.K Centrum für Gegenwartskunst im Triton Verlag, Wien
A philosophy of computer art
Water
Culture on the brink : ideologies of technology / edited by Gretchen Bender + Timothy Druckrey
"Staging the archive: art and photography in the age of new media is dedicated to art practices that mobilize the model of the archive, demonstrating the ways in which such archival artworks probe the possibilities of what art is and what it can do. Through a variety of media, methodologies and perspectives, the artists surveyed here also challenge the principles on which the notions of organization, evidence and documentation are built. The book shows how artists have, over recent decades, read the concept of the archive against the grain, questionning not only what the archive is and can be but what materials, images or ideas can be archived. Ernst van Alphen explores the work of artists such as Marcel Duchamp, Marcel Broodthaers, Christian Boltanski, Fiona Tan, and Sophie Calle, writers including Georges Perec and film-makers such as Alain Resnais and Pťer Forgc̀s. Staging the Archive reveals how modern and contemporary artists have used and contested the notion of the archive to establish new relationships to history, information, data.
The arts and crafts computer : using your computer as an artist's tool
The dictionary of art. 2, Ancona to Azzolino
Marketing music on the internet and within social media : how individual folk musicians can promote themselves with little money
One horribly smart stunt : rtMark and the yes men : tactical media with artistic borders / Tapio Mäkelä
The dictionary of art. 8, Cossiers to Diotto
Charles Sandison : the reading room = irakurgela = sala de lectura
Staging the archive : art and photography in the age of new media
New media art / Mark Tribe, Reena Jana ; ed. Uta Grosenick
Snap to grid : a user's guide to digital arts, media, and cultures / Peter Lunenfeld
Postcards and supasigns : extending integrationist theory through the creation of interactive digital artworks
Pen and mouse : commercial art and digital illustration
Internationaler medien : kunstpreis 2000 = international media : art award 2000
Jumping into cold water : "funny how that improves your circulation..." / Mika Taanila
The dictionary of art. 18, Kettle to Leathart
Computer graphics proceedings, annual conference series
Book for the electronic art / Arjen Mulder and Maaike Post
Digital art history : a subject in transition. Vol. 1, Computers and the history of art
The dictionary of art. 21, Medallion to Montalbani
Trouble
Experiences on funding independent record production through crowdfunding
Art is fast-forward evolution / Perttu Rastas
Xplora 1 : Peter Gabriels secret world
Der Lauf der Dinge : the way things go
Media_city Seoul 2000 : Seoul, 2.9. - 31.10. 2000 / organizer: media_city seoul Organizing Committee ; [editor-in-chief: A.B. Onfante-Warren ; editorial team: Margaret Barlow ... [et al.]]
"Digital Art Masters: Volume 9 features 50 artists and showcases over 600 stunning images in five sections: Sci-fi, Scenes, Fantasy, Characters and Cartoons."--Back cover.
Digital painting : tricks & techniques : 100 ways to improve your cg art
George Legrady : interactive media art
Cyberarts 99
The comforting clatter of super-8 / Esa Niiniranta
Ars Electronica 1979-2004 : the Network for art, technology and society : the first 25 years = 25 Jahre Netzwerk für Kunst, Technologie und Gesellschaft
Muistojen perusviiva = Baseline of memories
Processing : a programming handbook for visual designers and artists
The dictionary of art. 23, Neuhuys to Pandit Seu
Demoscene : the art of real-time / [edited by Lassi Tasajärvi ; texts: Mikael Schustin, Bent Stamnes, Lassi Tasajärvi]
Supercade : a visual history of the videogame age 1971-1984 / text, design and production by: Van Burnham ; consultants: Jean Edwards ... [et al.] ; contributors: Ralph H. Baer ... [et al.]
The dictionary of art. 14, Habsburg, II: Spanish branch to Hungary, V: Interior decoration and furniture
Paul DeMarinisin mediataidetta : kaivettuja ääniä = The media art of Paul DeMarinis : excavated sounds
Mobicasting : let 1,000 machines bloom / Stevphen Shukaitis, Sophea Lerner and Adam Hyde
The art of defining software culture : the benevolent dictators of the Read_me festival / Juha Huuskonen
ISEA 2004 offers wireless experiences / Perttu Rastas
TV generations : Los Angeles Contemporary Exhibitions
Artists' work classification
Mastering the computer for design and illustration
'vE-"jA : art + technology of live audio
The Interaction '97 : toward the expansion of media art
Video acts : single channel works from the collections of Pamela and Richard Kranlich and New Art Trust
Concept design : works from seven Los Angeles entertainment designers
Shivers down your spine : cinema, museums, and the immersive view
Synthesis and nullification : works 1991-2011
Hypermontage
Memory trade : a prehistory of cyberculture
Moloch : [earthly gestures] : an interactive installation
The trace of Toshio Iwai's media art
Split screen : proceeding of the first Split Screen Conference, Chichester Institute of Higher Education, July 1996
Creative careers : paths for aspiring actors, artists, dancers, musicians and writers
Between art and industry : what is media art?
Internet art : the online clash of culture and commerce / Julian Stallabrass
Noise, water, meat : a history of sound in the arts / Douglas Kahn
Lena Mattsson : beyond the surface
The dictionary of art. 10, Egypt, ancient, XI: writing and books to Ferrant
The dictionary of art. 11, Ferrara to Gainsborough
Neural : hacktivism, e-music, new media art
Net condition : art and global media / steirischer herbst, ZKM/Center for Art and Media, the MIT Press ; edited by: Peter Weibel and Timothy Druckrey
Screen-based art
Evaluation of media and communication studies in higher education in Finland
HESA inprint
Performing presence : between the live and the simulated
Empowering mobile art practice : a recontextualization of mobile and ubiquitous computing
Ex.mech : the exquisite mechanism of shivers
Art in movement : new directions in animation / by John Halas ; in collaboration with Roger Manvell
Decode : digital design sensations : Victoria and Albert Museum, London, 8 December 2009 - 11 April 2010
The dictionary of art. 17, Jansen to Ketel
Read_me 2.3 reader : about software art : [software art festival, Helsinki, 30-31 May, 2003] / edited by Olga Goriunova and Alexei Shulgin ; Read_me 2.3 reader is a co-operation between NIFCA, Media Centre Lume and m-cult, the Centre for New Media Culture
Digital painting tricks & techniques : 100 ways to improve your cg art
Creative computer graphics / Annabel Jankel, Rocky Morton
Digital illusion : entertaining the future with high technology / contributing editor: Clark Dodsworth Jr.
The creative industries : culture and policy
C3 : Kulturális és Kommunikácios Központ, Budapest = Center for Culture & Communication, Budapest
Sutemos / Twilight : Siuolaikinio meno centras : [5-Oji Soroso siuolaikinio meno centro Lietuvoje metiné paroda] = Contemporary Art Centre : [5th Annual exhibition of the Soros Center for Contemporary Arts-Lithuania], Vilnius, 20.1. - 22.2. 1998 / [editor
Salla Tykkä : white depths
The dictionary of art. 33, Wax to Zyvele. Appendices
The dictionary of art. 19, Leather to Macho
New media in late 20th-century art / Michael Rush
In the picture : Juha Huuskonen : Plan B / Juha Huuskonen
The dictionary of art. 24, Pandolfini to Pitti
Presentations : the borderlines of media art / Eveliina Olsson
Future cinema : the cinematic imaginary after film
Memory, interface, public space : contextual approach to Internet and media art
DAC 09 : after media : embodiment and context  [Elektroninen aineisto] : proceedings of the digital arts and culture conference 2009 : University of California, Irvine, Saturday, Dec 12 2009 - Tuesday, Dec 15 2009 / [conference director, editor: Simon Penny ; theme editors: Kim Sawchuck ... [et al.]]
Afterimage : the journal of media arts and cultural criticism in the social and decision sciences
The lullabeep of a digital cradle / Perttu Rastas
Huashan tremors [Elektroninen aineisto] : Huashan Arts District 1997 - 2003
The dictionary of art. 13, Goodnough to Habsburg, I: Austrian branch
Beyond cinema : the art of projection : films, videos and installations from 1963 to 2005 : works from the Friedrich Christian Flick Collection im Hamburger Bahnhof, from the Kramlich Collection and others
Literary art in digital performance : case studies in new media art and criticism
Art of the electronic age
The dictionary of art. 20, Mächtig to Medal
Europrix students' contest : Europe's top talent : innovation in multimedia content creation
Dysfunction and decentralization in new media art and education
Jeffrey Shaw a user's manual : from expanded cinema to virtual reality = Jeffrey Shaw eine gebrauchsanweisung : vom Expanded Xinema zur Virtuellen Realität
Europrix multimedia top talent award 2002 Vienna : Europes best young multimedia creators and producers
Computers and creativity
The dictionary of art. 3, B to Biard
Incite 4, Relax, Restore, Renew : the Best of Mixed Media
Ctrl [space], die wachsame Gesellschaft : \\ internationaler\medien\kunst\preis 2001 = \\international\media\art\award 2001
Mark McLoughlin with Esko Männikkö : Propagate
