http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11973 booksellers
booksellers
The girl from the Chartreuse
Publishing, politics, and culture : the king's printers in the reign of James I and VI
The Edinburgh history of the book in Scotland. Vol. 4, Professionalism aand diversity, 1880-2000
The day of the Jack Russell
Manuscripts, market and the transition to print in late medieval Brittany
Time was soft there : a Paris sojourn at Shakespeare & Co
The bookshop book
Murder is binding : a Booktown mystery
The Inquisitor in the hat shop : inquisition, forbidden books, and unbelief in early modern Venice
Beyond the world of Pooh : selections from the memoirs of Christopher Milne
The Oxford history of the Irish book. Vol. 3, The Irish book in English, 1550-1800
The Venetian betrayal : a novel
The little Paris bookshop
Through combining primary research with secondary analysis drawn from the relevant literatures, this book is both a readable and informative account of business in the knowledge-based economy.
The Oxford history of the Irish book. Vol. 4, The Irish book in English, 1800-1890
The angel's game
Weird things customers say in bookshops
Books, bytes, and business : the promise of digital publishing
Reluctant capitalists : bookselling and the culture of consumption
The Edinburgh history of the book in Scotland. Vol. 2, Enlightenment and expansion, 1707-1800
Consuming books : the marketing and consumption of literature
The Lincoln myth
At the end of the eighteenth century, noblemen and revolutionaries spent extravagant sums of money or precious military resources competing to acquire old books, which until then had often been regarded as worthless. These books, called incunabula, achieved cultural and political importance as luxury commodities and as tools for mastering a controversial past. Men of different classes met in a new, shared marketplace, creating a competition for social authority, as books were no longer seen merely as sources of textual information but as a way of controlling the past in the service of contemporary concerns. The old books themselves were often changed to meet new expectations of what important historic objects should be. Focusing on Paris and London, but taking a resolutely pan-European view, this book examines the emergence of this commodity and of a new historical discipline created by traders and craftsmen.
The storied life of A.J. Fikry
The Angel's Game
Scholars, poets & radicals : discovering forgotten lives in the Blackwell Collections
Commerce and print in the early Reformation
The letters of Sylvia Beach
Adresboek van zeventiende-eeuwse drukkers, uitgevers en boekverkopers in Vlaanderen = Directory of seventeenth-century printers, publishers and booksellers in Flanders
How to find love in a book shop
The Edinburgh history of the book in Scotland. Vol. 3, Ambition and industry, 1800-80
Hubert's freaks : the rare book-dealer, the Times Square talker, and the lost photos of Diane Arbus
The fortunes of Mitchell Kennerley, bookman
The storied life of A. J. Fikry : a novel
The strangler's honeymoon : an inspector Van Veeteren mystery
The prisoner of heaven
One click : Jeff Bezos and the rise of Amazon.com
The return of the honey buzzard
Nightingale Books, nestled on the high street in Peasebrook, a picture-postcard Cotswold town, is a dream comes true for booklovers. Everyone who enters falls in love with something. But owner Emilia Nightingale is struggling to keep the shop open and the developers are circling. The temptation to sell up is proving enormous - but what about the promise she made to her father? Not to mention her customers, for whom the shop is a comfort, a meeting place, a lifeline. There's Gary, a stable lad for a nearby trainer, who buys books to read to Nikki, who is lying in a coma. He spends every spare hour at Nikki's bedside, never giving up hope that she will come round. Betty, who runs a supper club from her tiny cottage, has a huge crush on a man she met and then lost in the cookery section, somewhere Auguste Escoffier and Marco Pierre White. Mrs Norris repeatedly 'forgets' to pay for her books - and Emilia never has the heart to remind her. But Mrs Norris isn't quite as forgetful as she pretends ... And then Emilia meets Dexter, local jack-the-lad, who is looking to improve his English so he can better himself. He buys all Emilia's recommendations, and together they re-discover all her favourite authors. But Dexter has a secret, and is not all he seems ...
"Manuscripts, Markets and the Transition to Print in Late Medieval Brittany" surveys the production and marketing of non-monastic manuscripts and printed books over 150 years in late medieval Brittany, from the accession of the Montfort family to the ducal crown in 1364 to the duchy's formal assimilation by France in 1532. Brittany, as elsewhere, experienced the shift of manuscript production from monasteries to lay scriptoria and from rural settings to urban centers, as the motivation for copying the word in ink on parchment evolved from divine meditation to personal profit. Through her analysis of the physical aspects of Breton manuscripts and books - parchment and paper, textual layouts, scripts and typography, illumination and illustration - Diane Booton exposes previously unexplored connections between the tangible cultural artifacts and the society that produced, acquired and valued them. Innovatively, Booton's discussion incorporates archival research into the prices, wages and bequests associated with the manufacture of the works under discussion to shed new light on their economic and personal value.
Murder on wheels
Shakespeare and Company
The history of the book in the West
Study of book history focused on the promotion and advertising of printed materials. Part of Publishing Pathways series. Collection of 8 essays that look at the advertising and marketing techniques of booksellers and publishers from the 15th to the 20th century in the western world.
The Oxford history of the Irish book. Vol. 5, The Irish book in English, 1891-2000
The book triumphant : print in transition in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries
The house of twenty thousand books
Book finds : how to find, buy, and sell used and rare boks
The human face of the book trade : print culture and its creators
Manuscripts and their makers : commercial book producers in medieval Paris, 1200-1500
Revolution and the antiquarian book : reshaping the past, 1780-1815
A stranger in Olondria : being the complete memoirs of the mystic, Jevick of Tyom
The emperor's tomb
Mystery man
Succubus nights
Sylvia Beach and the lost generation : a history of literary Paris in the twenties and thirties
Keep the aspidistra flying
The Paris vendetta
The printed book in Brittany, 1484-1600
Outlining the impact of the rise of print in early modern Ireland in a series of essays, this volume charts the development of a print culture in Ireland and the transformations it brought to conceptions of politics, religion, and literature. It includes a case study of the impact of the French Revolution on pamphlets and propaganda in Ireland.
The readers of Broken Wheel recommend
Books for sale : the advertising and promotion of print since the fifteenth century
A manual on bookselling : how to open & run your own bookstore
Virginia Woolf described fictions as 'grossly material things', rooted in their physical and economic contexts. This book takes Woolf's hint as its starting point, asking who made the books of the English Renaissance. It recovering the ways in which women participated as co-authors, editors, translators, patrons, printers, booksellers, and readers.
The rise of Robert Dodsley : creating the new age of print
How books came to America : the rise of the American book trade
Books without borders in Enlightenment Europe : French cosmopolitanism and German literary markets
Traces the development of the American book trade from the colonial era through the twentieth century. Explores the technological, historical, cultural, political, and personal forces that shaped the trade, paying particular attention to the contributions of the German bookseller Frederick Leypoldt and his journal Publishers Weekly.
Amazon.com : the company and its founder
The bookseller of Kabul
Captain Cat
The burglar who counted the spoons : a Bernie Rhodenbarr mystery
The diary of Thomas Turner : 1754-1765
Portraits and reviews
The collected works of A. J. Fikry
Urban networks and the printing trade in early modern Europe (15th-18th century) : papers presented on 6 Novemeber 2009, at the CERL Seminar hosted by the Royal Library of Belgium, Brussels
Printing places : locations of book production & distribution since 1500
Yhdeksäs portti : The ninth gate
This unique five volume set provides a comprehensive resource of the most significant published papers on book history in the West starting with the codex and finishing in the 20th century. The editors have carefully selected the best literature from a wealth of relatively inaccessible sources and written substantial introductions which provide an overview of the period. The papers are reproduced in entirety with their original page numbers to aid comprehensive research and accurate referencing. Together the volumes provide an essential compendium for students and scholars of book history.
'Grossly material things' : women and book production in early modern England
The shadow of the wind : a novel
The shadow of the wind
