http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11903 study skills
study skills
Practicing college learning strategies
Effective study skills : maximizing your academic potential
The learning study model and the teaching of the definite integral concept
How to improve your assignment results
Motivation and learning strategies for college success : a focus on self-regulated learning
Transferable academic skills kit : 12 essential steps to academic success. Module 6, Critical thinking : course book
The practical guide to independent learning skills
Studying for success
Common SENse for the inclusive classroom : how teachers can maximise exisiting skills to support special educational needs
The ultimate study skills handbook
How to succeed at university : an essential guide to academic skills, personal development and employability
Is school a better environment than home for digital game-based learning? : the case of Graphogame
Applications of self-regulated learning across diverse disciplines : a tribute to Barry J. Zimmerman
Transferable academic skills kit : 12 essential steps to academic success. Module 2, Academic culture : course book
How to study : practical tips for university students
Transferable academic skills kit / Anthony Manning ... [et al.]
Conquer study stress! : 20 problems solved
Quality time for students : learning in and out of school
Study skills for nurses
Guide to researching, writing and presenting research reports and essays, presenting seminars and exam skills.
Abstract.
The art of critical reading : brushing up on your reading, thinking, and study skills
Scholars' secrets : how to get your A's
Studying creatively : a creativity toolkit to get your studies out of a rut
Foundations for learning
How to cite, reference & avoid plagiarising at university Is there a secret to successful study? The answer is 'yes'! There are some essential skills and smart strategies that will help you to improve your results at university. This easy-to-use guide helps to develop the essential academic skills of writing and thinking needed to cite and reference with confidence in your academic studies. Plagiarism and the most common methods of quoting, summarising and paraphrasing are explained and modelled throughout the book. HOW TO CITE, REFERENCE & AVOID PLAGIARISM AT UNIVERSITY provides tips, tools and techniques you will need to perform with excellence, including how to: * understand the importance of correct citation and referencing in academic writing * be aware of the facts about plagiarism and how it can be identified and avoided * search for and evaluate sources from the literature * introduce the work of others into your own text * understand and use the five most common citation and referencing styles. Visit www.smarterstudyskills.com to access a wealth of useful information, tips, templates and interactive activities that will support your skills development.
Transferable academic skills kit : 12 essential steps to academic success. Module 5, Problem-solving : course book
100% online student success
Successful teamwork! : for undergraduates and taught postgraduates working on group projects
College and life : problems of self-discovery and self-direction
Management accounting
Effective school interventions : evidence-based strategies for improving student outcomes
The study skills toolkit for students with dyslexia
Study skills for part-time students
Transferable academic skills kit : 12 essential steps to academic success. Module 8, Essay writing : course book
Study skills for health and social care students
How to succeed in exams & assessments
A guide to doing statistics in second language research using SPSS
The seamanship examiner : for STCW certification examinations
Transferable academic skills kit : 12 essential steps to academic success. Module 11, Presentations : course book
Practical skills in biology
How to study : tips and techniques on how to study
The effect of three teaching methods on achievement and motivational outcomes in a how-to-study course
Transferable academic skills kit : 12 essential steps to academic success. Module 10, Research and referencing : course book
Reading and making notes
Developing college skills in students with autism and asperger's syndrome
How to read journal articles in the social sciences : a very practical guide for students
This valuable book shows second language researchers how to use the statistical program SPSS to conduct statistical tests frequently done in SLA research. Using data sets from real SLA studies, A Guide to Doing Statistics in Second Language Research Using SPSS shows newcomers to both statistics and SPSS how to generate descriptive statistics, how to choose a statistical test, and how to conduct and interpret a variety of basic statistical tests. The author covers the statistical tests that are most commonly used in second language research, including chi-square, t-tests, correlation, multiple regression, ANOVA and non-parametric analogs to these tests. The text is abundantly illustrated with graphs and tables depicting actual data sets, and exercises throughout the book help readers understand concepts (such as the difference between independent and dependent variables) and work out statistical analyses. Answers to all exercises are provided on the book's companion website, along with sample data sets and other supplementary material.
Studying for social work
Becoming a master student : tools, techniques, hints, ideas, illustrations, examples, methods, procedures, processes, skills, resources, and suggestions for success
The Freshman year experience : helping students survive and succeed in college
Academic culture : a student's guide to studying at university
"DESCRIPTION An authoritative teacher resource and widely adopted text, this book provides a comprehensive overview of adolescent literacy instruction in the era of the Common Core State Standards (CCSS). Leading educators describe effective practices for motivating diverse learners in grades 5-12, building comprehension of multiple types of texts, integrating literacy and content-area instruction, and teaching English language learners and struggling readers. Case examples, lesson-planning ideas, and end-of-chapter discussion questions and activities enhance the utility of the volume"--
The exam skills handbook : achieving peak performance
How to speed read
Study skills for Master's level students : a reflective approach for health and social care
Learning to learn : strengthening study skills and brain power
"Ideal for students and newcomers to the field, this guidebook provides a comprehensive reference to key topics in modern mathematics. With an introduction to MATLAB, Mathematica, MapleTM, Maxima, LaTeX, and R, the text explains how to study mathematics, how to write proofs, how to conduct mathematical research, and how to give presentations on mathematics. In addition, the authors detail how to get started with various programming languages, including Beamer, Octave, HTML, PostScript, and open source software. They also discuss how Geometer's sketchpad is a useful tool for drawing illustrations"--Provided by publisher.
Study Skills in English : a course in reading skills for academic purposes
The smart study guide : psychological techniques for student success
The business student's handbook : learning skills for study and employment
Transferable academic skills kit : 12 essential steps to academic success. Module 9, Scientic writing : course book
Think it-map it! : how schools use mapping to transform teaching & learning
Reading enhancement and development
The homework myth : why our kids get too much of a bad thing
Study skills for dummies
Doing essays & assignments : essential tips for students
Helping college students succeed : a model for effective intervention
Children's achievement behaviors in relation to their skill development and temperament
University students' regulation of learning and text processing : examples from medical and teacher education
Getting to "Got it!" : helping struggling students learn how to learn
Getting organised
Low-educated second language and literacy acquisition : proceedings of the 8th symposium
How to write well : a guide for health and social care students
Reading, writing and reasoning  : a guide for students
Advanced reading power : extensive reading, vocabulary building, comprehension skills, reading faster
Writing guidelines for education students
Study smarter, not harder
Study skills simplified
Improving the effectiveness of staff training in a hotel : case study: Hotel X
This handbook has been written by experts and extensively tested on students to help you focus your efforts, troubleshoot your problems and thrive at university.
Critical thinking skills for education students
The business student's handbook : skills for study and employment
Developing work and study skills
A study on second language learning at an adult age : with focus on learner strategies
Literalität, Grundbildung oder Lesekompetenz? : Beiträge zu einer Theorie-Praxis-Diskussion = Literacy, basic education or reading competencies? : aspects of a discussion between theory and practice
The study skills book
Transferable academic skills kit : 12 essential steps to academic success. Module 7, Introduction to IT skills : course book
This guide teaches you how to read critically. Its no-nonsense, practical approach uses a specially developed reading code to help you read articles for your research project; this simple code enables you to decipher journal articles structurally, mechanically and grammatically. Refreshingly free of jargon and written with you in mind, it's packed full of interdisciplinary advice that helps you to decode and critique academic writing. The author's fuss free approach will improve your performance, boost your confidence and help you to: Read and better understand content Take relevant effective notes Manage large amounts of information in an easily identifiable and retrievable format Write persuasively using formal academic language and style. New to this edition: Additional examples across a range of subjects, including education, health and sociology as well as criminology Refined terminology for students in the UK, as well as around the world More examples dealing specifically with journal articles.
Transferable academic skills kit : 12 essential steps to academic success. Module 4, Team-working : course book
Transferable academic skills kit : 12 essential steps to academic success. Module 12, Examination technique : course book
Academic writing skills
College reading & study strategy programs
This study investigated how the use of an online reading game differs in home and school environments. First and second graders (N = 194) participated in an 8-week training during which they used the reading program GraphoGame either at home or at school under the supervision of parents or teachers. Child participants were recommended by parents and teachers recruited from the list of GraphoGame users, and adults decided whether the training took place at home or at school. We measured the frequency and duration of playing, children's engagement, development of reading skill and reading interest, and adult supportive involvement. The results revealed that children who played GraphoGame at school showed higher engagement and used it more frequently than players at home. Although teachers were more involved in the children's playing than were parents, only parental involvement was significantly associated with a child's engagement during training and the child's learning outcomes.
Learning how to study again : a practical guide to study skills for mature students returning to education or distance learning
Electric learning : new forms of learning in information society
Texts and tests : teaching study skills across content areas
Write great essays!
Keys to effective learning : developing powerful habits of mind
A student's guide to the study, practice, and tools of modern mathematics
Dyslexia : surviving and succeeding at college
Essential study skills : the complete guide to success at university
Da. Eto vopros! : prosodic development of Finnish students' read-aloud Russian during study in Russia
Transferable academic skills kit : 12 essential steps to academic success. Module 3, Seminars and tutorials : course book
Learning to learn in higher education
Succeeding in College : Study Skills and Startegies
Student success secrets
Improving teaching and learning through assessment : a problem-based learning (PBL) approach
The mature student's study guide : essential skills for those returning to education or distance learning
Study skills for art, design, and media students
Academic writing for graduate students : essential tasks and skills
Student procrastination : seize the day and get more work done
How to cite, reference & avoid plagiarism at university
College Reading & Study Skills
Studying physics
Developing and applying study skills : writing assignments, dissertations and management reports
With contributions by leading European, North American and Asian scholars, this volume offers a comprehensive anthology of conceptual and empirical papers describing the developments in L2 motivation research that involves the reframing of motivation in the context of contemporary notions of self and identity.
The study guide PRO : the guide to studying smarter not harder
This book condenses everything the mainstream teacher needs to know about Special Educational Needs into one short volume, allowing them to pick and choose teaching methods that suit them and each individual student. Following a revolutionary 'a la carte' concept, the book acts first and foremost as a teaching menu, offering a variety of options that teachers can use as they see fit. Written in a jargon-free, accessible style, the author gets to the heart of issues associated with teaching mixed ability classes, offering more flexible alternatives to traditional teaching strategies and suggesting helpful approaches that really work. Maintaining that teachers are usually far more capable of handling situations than they believe themselves to be, the book allows them to choose methods that suit their own personal style and the specific needs of their students. Essential background information on special educational needs including dyslexia, dyspraxia, Asperger's Syndrome and Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder is included throughout. Combining practical methodology with factual information about learning difficulties, this guide will be an invaluable resource for non-specialist teachers supporting children with special educational needs in inclusive classrooms.
New approaches for lifelong learning needed?
Teacher practice online : sharing wisdom, opening doors
Best practices in adolescent literacy instruction
Learning outside the lines : two Ivy League students with learning disabilities and ADHD give you the tools for academic success and educational revolution
Learning translation : an empirical study into the acquisition of interlingual text production skills
College study skills : becoming a strategic learner
A practical guide to writing for psychology
Study skills in English : a course in reading skills for academic purposes
Critical thinking skills for dummies
How to learn almost anything in 48 hours : shortcuts and brain hacks for learning new skills fast
Motivation, language identity and the L2 self
How to study
Welcome to culinary school : a culinary student survival guide
Super Sudy Skills : The ultimate guide to tests and studying
Reading at university : a guide for students
Transferable academic skills kit. Teacher's book
Handbook for information literacy teaching
Texts and interaction : literacy practices in the EFL classroom
Coaching college students with AD/HD : issues and answers
Essential skills for science & technology
Studying and learning at university : vital skills for success in your degree
