http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11907 threat of war
threat of war
2017 war with Russia : an urgent warning from senior military command
The Third World War : the untold story
Essential readings on political terrorism : analyses of problems and prospects for the 21st century
Postmodern war : the politics of conflict
Towards better situational awareness
"Admiral James G Stavridis, US Navy, former Supreme Allied Commander Europe. Closely modelled on his NATO experience of war gaming future conflicts, 2017 War With Russia is a chilling account of where we are heading if we fail to recognise the threat posed by the Russian president. Written by the recently retired Deputy Supreme Allied Commander Europe and endorsed by senior military figures, this book shows how war with Russia could erupt with the bloodiest and most appalling consequences if the necessary steps are not taken urgently... "--Publisher description.
Information and messages in Finland's threat scenarios
The danger of war and the Second International (1911)
Symposium proceedings : NBC 2000, Symposium on Nuclear, Biological and Chemical Threats in the 21st Century : 13-15 June, 2000 Helsinki University of Technology, Espoo, Finland
Thud!
The threatening storm : the case for invading Iraq
About the futures' aspects on developing the Finnish National Defence
Ukraine crisis : what it means for the West
Symposium proceedings : NBC 2003, Symposium on Nuclear, Biological and Chemical Threats - a Crisis Management Challenge, 15-18 June, 2003, Jyväskylä, Finland
Simon & the oaks
Regions of war and peace
One salt sea : an October Daye novel
Constructing war and military power after the cold war : the role of the United States in the shared western understandings of war and military power in the post-cold war era
The fire eaters
Determination of threat to the peace under article 39 of the United Nations : an analysis
NBC 2009 : 7th Symposium on CBRNE threats : meeting the future challenges : 8-11 June, 2009, Jyväskylä, Finland : symposium proceedings
Small arms, crime and conflict : global governance and the threat of armed violence
The ring of sky
International relations and security in the digital age
The nuclear tipping point : why states reconsider their nuclear choices
Midnight in Europe
Russia in the age of wars, 1914-1945
Changing threats to global security : peace or turmoil : XV International Amaldi Conference, Helsinki 2003
War and media : the emergence of diffused war
In this follow-up to the acclaimed military science fiction thriller The Cold Between, a young soldier finds herself caught in the crosshairs of a deadly conspiracy in deep space. Six weeks ago, Commander Elena Shaw and Captain Greg Foster were court-martialed for their role in an event Central Gov denies ever happened. Yet instead of a dishonorable discharge or time in a military prison, Shaw and Foster and are now back together on Galileo. As punishment, they’ve been assigned to patrol the nearly empty space of the Third Sector.  But their mundane mission quickly turns treacherous when the Galileo picks up a distress call: Exeter, a sister ship, is under attack from raiders. A PSI generation ship—the same one that recently broke off negotiations with Foster—is also in the sector and joins in the desperate battle that leaves ninety-seven of Exeter’s crew dead.  An investigation of the disaster points to sabotage. And Exeter is only the beginning. When the PSI ship and Galileo suffer their own “accidents,” it becomes clear that someone is willing to set off a war in the Third Sector to keep their secrets, and the clues point to the highest echelons of power . . . and deep into Shaw’s past.
Cyber security for decision makers
Europe's next avoidable war : Nagorno-Karabakh
The winter garden
Iraq at the crossroads : state and society in the shadow of regime change
River of stars
Uniting Africa : building regional peace and security systems
Remnants of Trust
The house of dust and dreams
Cyberwar, netwar and the revolution in military affairs
Symposium on Chemical, Biological, Nuclear and Radiological Threats : a safety & security challenge, 18 - 21 June, 2006, Tampere, Finland : symposium proceedings : NBC 2006
China rising : reactions, assessments, and strategic consequences
Surviving cyberwar
Assessing the threat : the Chinese military and Taiwan's security
Brightly woven
War and the 20th century : a study of war and modern consciousness
Multitude : war and democracy in the age of Empire
Armed forces for tomorrow
