http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11921 ivory
ivory
A decomposition of inequality and poverty changes in the context of macroeconomic adjustment : a microsimultation study for Côte d'Ivoire
An introduction to netsuke
Promoting the growth and development of smallholder seed enterprises for food security crops : case studies from Brazil, Côte d'Ivoire and India
Identification guide for ivory and ivory substitutes / Edgard O. Espinoza, Mary-Jacque Mann
Ivory : a history and collector's guide
Identification guide for ivory and ivory substitutes / Edgard O. Espinoza, Mary-Jacque Mann ; with an introduction by Kenneth W. Goddard
Recession in Africa : background papers to the seminar Africa - which way out of the recession? Uppsala, September 1982
Measuring vulnerability to poverty
African revolution
The fabulous Chinese arts
Ivory in China
Association of obesity with food consumption and some health factors among males and females in the Ivory Coast
Industrial development review series. Côte d'Ivoire
A preliminary application of the theory of optimal depletion of non-renewable resources to forestry in Cõte d'Ivoire
The textile industry in France and in the Ivory Coast : case-study of the internationalization of capital, the nation state and the development of peripheral capitalism. Part 2
White gold : the story of African ivory
Craft, industry and everyday life : bone, antler, ivory and horn from Anglo-Scandinavian and Medieval York
Ivory and related materials : an illustrated guide / by Olga Krzyszowska
Agents of change : studies on the policy environment for small enterprise in Africa
Conservation and biodiversity
The peasant cotton : revolution in West Africa, Côte d'Ivoire, 1880-1995
Aya : the secrets come out
Status of fish stocks and fisheries of thirteen medium-sized African reservoirs
TEFAF Maastricht 1997 : handbook 1997 MECC, Maastricht, The Netherlands 8-16 March 1997 / organised by The European Fine Art Foundation
Ivory and related materials : an illustrated guide
Politics of origin in Africa : autochthony, citizenship and conflict
Reggae Africa
MASTERPIECES OF IVORY
The Spartans
The coup d'état in Côte d'Ivoire : the military as a guarantor of civilian rule?
The political feasibility of adjustment in Côte d'Ivoire and Morocco
ANCIENT ESKIMO IVORIES OF THE BERING STRAIT
Aya of Yop City
Côte d'Ivoire gender-based violence, conflicts, and the political transition : a case study report
"This paper reviews case studies on smallholder seed enterprises in Brazil, Côte d'Ivoire and India, as well as relevant world literature in order to identify key issues that facilitate or constrain the development of the seed factor. The final section provides some guidelines on policy design and implementation to promote the development of sustainable seed enterprises at different stages in the evolution of national seed factors. It provides examples of good practices and hence seeks to assist governments in identifying ways in which they can support the development of smallholder seed enterprises that will provide the most appropriate varieties to smallholder farmers in their efforts to boost food production."--Provided by publisher
Archaeological bone, antler and ivory
Arts of Africa : 7000 years of African art
Pictures of ivory and other animal teeth, bone and antler : with a brief commentary on their use in identification
The materials of sculpture
Islamic art in detail
The arts of Asia : materials, techniques, styles
The making of sculpture : the materials and techniques of European sculpture
Executive summary (s. xiv-xvi). - Sommaire (s. xvii-xix).
African dignity
Report of the Pre-survey Meeting to Plan the Year 2000 Survey with the R/V DR. FRIDTJOF NANSEN in the Western Gulf of Guinea : Benin, Togo, Ghana and Côte d'Ivoire : Tema, Ghana, 26 August 2000 = Rapport de la Réunion de préparation et de planification de la campagne 2000 avec le N/R Dr. Fridtjof Nansen dans la région occidentale du Golfe de Guinée : Bénin, Togo, Ghana et Côte d'Ivoire : Tema, Ghana, 26 août 2000.
Ivory works in India through the ages : upto [sic] the end of the 19th century
Biological activity of soil under rubber plantations in Côte d'Ivoire
The color of ivory : polychromy on Byzantine ivories
The Ivory Coast : the Bradt travel guide
Practical gemmology : a study of the identification of gem-stones, pearls, and ornamental minerals
The ivory trade and conserving the African elephant
National criminal law in a comparative legal context. Volume 1.2, Introduction to national systems : national characteristics, fundamental principles, and history of criminal law : Australia, Côte d'Ivoire, Greece, South Korea
Slavery and reform in West Africa : toward emancipation in nineteenth-century Senegal and the Gold Coast
Commitment : my autobiography
Parallel worlds : an anthropologist and a writer encounter Africa
Informal linkage mechanisms and technology transfer: the PACO project in Côte d'Ivoire
The bachelor thesis is built around an idea of building a hotel to Ivory Coast. The thesis is project based and is divided into two sections which are the theory concentrating on how to write a functional business plan and also describing the process of writing one. The other half of the thesis is the business plan itself written for the hotel intended to be built and opened in Ivory Coast.  The main idea of writing the thesis and choosing the particular subject derives from the personal interests of the author. The goal set from the beginning was to come up with a working business plan that could serve the author as such or when modified the author in the future when seeking finance for the particular project. It was also seen important that the project would help to answer some fundamental questions about the money needed for the project and the profitability of the business. Putting the ideas on paper in order to evaluate the whole project was also considered as crucial for the author to be able to evaluate the whole project.   The thesis starts by defining business plan as a concept and continues to compare the chosen theories of the business plan models according to different authors. After having gone through the theory the thesis continues by presenting the structure chosen for the business plan and finally explaining the different steps of the project and writing. The business plan section presents the actual outcome of the project, the business plan for the intended hotel.   As an outcome of the whole project the author did succeed in writing a business plan and answering the questions that where raised in the beginning of the whole project concerning the profitability and money. Having the business plan in some other form than just mind sets has helped the author to see the whole project from different aspects. The financial calculations also proved that the business would be profitable.
The prophets
Catalogue of carvings in ivory
The internationalization of capital : the prospects for the third world
The African
Ivory : Ideals of beauty, ideals of power : The Milwaukee Public Museum ivory collection
The art collector's illustrated handbook : vol. 1
Constructing African art histories for the Lagoons of Côte d'Ivoire
A carved Loango tusk : local images and global connections
The roots of the military-political crises in Côte d'Ivoire
Drawing on her three seasons of fieldwork among Akan populations in C(te d'Ivoire, Monica Blackmun Visona provides a comprehensive account of a major art-producing region of Africa, and explores such topics as gender roles in performance, the role of sculpture in divination, and the interchange of arts and ideas across ethnic boundaries. The book also addresses issues inherent in research practices, such as connoisseurship and participant observation, and examines theoretical positions that have had an impact on the discipline of African art history. --Book Jacket.
Apartheid is nazism
The development of capitalist relations of production in agriculture : the case of sodepalm in the Ivory Coast. Part 3
Tobol'skaâ reznaâ kost' = Art of ivory-carving in Tobolsk
Perspectives on Cote d'Ivoire : between political breakdown and post-conflict peace
Fashion Africa : a visual overview of contemporary African fashion
The European Economic Community, France, and the Ivory Coast 1958-1976 : a study of the internationalization of capital, the Nation State, and the development of peripheral capitalism. Part 1
Live in Paris
Gold of Africa : jewellery and ornaments from Ghana, Côte d'Ivoire, Mali and Senegal in the collection of the Barbier-Mueller Museum
Pictures of ivory and other animal teeth bone and antler : with a brief commentary on their use in identification / by T.K. Penniman ; edited by T.K. Penniman and B.M. Blackwood
Investment appraisal in developing countries
Historical dictionary of Côte d'Ivoire (the Ivory Coast)
Catalogue of the ivory carvings of the Christian era : with examples of Mohammedan art and carvings in bone in the department of British and Medieval antiquities and ethnography of the British Museum
Chinese art : textiles, glass and painting on glass, carvings in ivory and rhinoceros horn, carving in hardstones, snuff bottles, inkcakes and inkstones
Chinese export art in the eighteenth century
Aya : Love in Yop City
Contemporary scrimshaw
Agriculture, liberalisation and economic growth in Ghana and Côte d'Ivoire : 1960-1990
The quest for natural forest management in Ghana, Cote d'Ivoire and Liberia
Contemporary West African states
Dan Ge performance : masks and music in contemporary Côte d'Ivoire
Ivories from Ziwiye : and items of ceramic and gold
Essays on the verbal and visual arts : proceedings of the 1966 annual spring meeting of the American Ethnological Society
Indian ivories : a survey of Indian ivory and bone carvings from the earliest to the modern times
Aya of Yop city
Identification guide for ivory and ivory substitutes
Live au Zenith (Paris)
Under the kapok tree : identity and difference in Beng thought
Ivories of the West
Waging the global war on poverty : strategies and case studies
Netsuke : the Hull Grandy collection in the British Museum
Ivory : an international history and illustrated survey
Heart of darkness
Ancient & mediæval ivories : in the South Kensington Museum
Bronze, boxwood, and ivory in the Robert H. Smith collection of Renaissance sculpture : a second supplement to the catalogue volume Art of the Renaissance bronze 1500-1650
Ivory Coast
Constructing African Art Histories for the Lagoons of C(te d'Ivoire is an investigation of the methods employed by art historians who study creative production in Africa. While providing insights into the rich visual arts of the Lagoon Peoples of southeastern ate d'Ivoire, this study is one of the few attempts by an Africanist to situate local and regional artistic practices in the context of the global art market, and to trace the varied receptions an African art work is given as it leaves a local context and enters an international one. --
