http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p11955 video art
video art
HC Gilje : shadow grounds
Yvette Brackman : land
Video acts : single channel works from the collections of Pamela and Richard Kranlich and New Art Trust
Salla Tykkä : white depths
'vE-"jA : art + technology of live audio
"Pepperminta is Pipilotti Rist's first motion picture. The Music of Pipilotti Rist's Pepperminta is a booklet including an audio-CD with the original soundtrack of the film. It also features 25 colour film stills, brief texts, and a short interview with Pipilotti Rist." --Book Jacket.
A voyage of growth and discovery
Video hits : art & music video
Mutant media : essays on cinema, video art and new media
Belchite/South Bronx : a trans-cultural and trans-historical lanscape : un paisaje trans-cultural y trans-histórico
Nam June Paik : video works 1963-88 : 29 September-11 December 1988, Hayward Gallery
Mike Kelley and Michael Smith's feature-length video, A Voyage of Growth and Discovery (2011),   follows the existential journey of Baby IKKI over several days at a festival of "radical expression" held in the remote Black Rock Desert of Nevada.   Baby IKKI, prelingual and of ambiguous age, is a character that artist Michael Smith has been performing for thirty years.   The Baby, alone in his journey, despite being surrounded by throngs of revelers, negotiates the rave-like festival environment,   exploring the primal elements of fire, water, earth and wind.   The video mirrors the annual event: four days and nights of festival, preceded by an introductory travel section, and followed by a post-festival day.   Baby IKKI is a compelling comedic, melancholic wanderer whose sense of innocent wonder is contrasted with the ironic vision of the film's creators.
Hunnun salaisuus = The secret of the veil = Slöjans hemlighet
Video art : an anthology
Musealising the witness : video testimonies in Holocaust and Second World War museums
Fiction artists
Dialogues between art, medicine and research
Lange nicht gesehen = Long time no see : begegnungen mit dem MUSEUM AUF ABRUF : [Kunstwerke aus der Sammlung der Kulturabteilung der Stadt Wien] = encounters with the MUSEUM ON DEMAND : [artworks from the Collection of the Cultural Department of the City
Nollywood : the video phenomenon in Nigeria / edited by Pierre Barrot
Interface : postmodernin pirstaleisesta kuvasta mediayhteiskunnan kritiikkiin = Interface : from postmodern fragmented image to crotique of the media society
Candice Breitz : inner + outer space
In the place of the public : observations of a frequent flyer = An der Stelle der Öffentlichkeit : Beobachtungen einer Vielfliegerin
This monograph is the first extensive survey of the most important works by Czech-born Canadian artist Vera Frenkel. Her contemplative, transdisciplinary projects have been a presence on the international scene since the 1970s. Her installations, videos, writings, and websites address central issues in an age that is more affected by human migration, and violence than any other. Among her topics are politics of the archive, the impact of media on the shaping of cultural memory and forgetting, and the interplay of institutional and individual narratives. Among the works featured are String Games: Improvisations for Inter-City Video, No Solution: A Suspense Thriller; The Secret Life of Cornelia Lumsden (1979/1986); and from the Transit Bar, (first seen at documenta IX 1992), Body Missing, (1994), and recent works such as ONCE NEAR WATER (2008-09) and The Blue Train (work in progress, 2012). --
Tony Oursler
Video Art Theory : A Comparative Approach
Bruce Nauman : der wahre künstler = the true artist
Take me to your leader! : the great escape into space
OK. Video : Jakarta video festival 2003 : 7th up to 20th July 2003
Rough edits : popular image video : works 1977-1980
A definitive 2-DVD compilation of over 150 videos made by the artist William Wegman and re-mastered by him exclusively for ARTPIX in 2006.   From the earliest black and white reel-to-reel tapes to the most recent digital color videos this collection has not been previously assembled and available on disc.   It is an exhaustive archive of the innovative and influential, and often hilarious, performances of the artist both with and without his Weimeraner friend, Man Ray.   Inspired by the oblique humor of the 1950s radio program Bob and Ray as much as by the atmosphere of experimentation in the art of the 1960s,   Wegman created a cross-over form of visual art that had almost no precedent and that received favorable critical notice from a wide audience of art lovers.   Wegman and ARTPIX has re-introduced some of the earliest clips that have not been available as well as produced definitive versions of other segments   through restoration of the original tapes.   Included are Spit Sandwich (1970), Reels 177 (1970-77), Gray Hairs (1976) and Reels 8 and 9 (1997-99) for a total running time of 3 hours and 56 minutes.   Memorable sequences included are "Dog Duet", "Milk/Floor", "Massage Chair" and "Stomach Song".   Included with the discs is a reprint of Kim Levin's essay from 1982 for an exhibition at the Walker Art Center, Minneapolis titled Wegman's Video:   Funny Instead of Formal along with a definitive chronology of the complete videos.
Art portraying medicine
Puhuttu sana on ele = A spoken word is a gesture
Als het ware niet meer dan ontmoetingen... : Comme rien d'autre que des rencontre... = Nothing but encounters as it were..
Technology and desire : the transgressive art of moving images
Garden/ animation triptych
Pop video : the art of pop video
Into video art : the characteristics of a medium = de karakteristieken van een medium
The real thing : contemporary art from China
Experimental film and video : an anthology / edited by Jackie Hatfield ; picture editor: Stephen Littman
Kjell Bjørgeengen : [Videotie] = [Video road] : [Porin taidemuseo, Randers Kunstmuseum, Museet for samtidskunst, Oslo 1990]
Strangers : the first ICP triennial of photography and video
Frances Hegarty & Andrew Stones : Extra (+)
The paradoxical object : video film sculpture
MoMA highlights since 1980 : 350 works from the Museum of Modern Art, New York
Video art : a guided tour
Into the light : the projected image in American art 1964-1977
The collected films of Takahiko Iimura. No. 1
Screens : viewing media installation art
18th World Wide Video Festival
Video art : a guided tour / Catherine Elwes ; with a foreword by Shirin Neshat
Installations & Matrixes
9 lives of Lulu
Musical paintings
Collection videos & films : Isabelle & Jean-Conrad Lemaître ; eine Auswahl/a selection
40 yearsvideoart.de : digital heritage : video art in Germany from 1963 to the present
Milena-Distanz : through the prism
Sunsets : notes from underground : waves
Peter Land : Playground
The art and films of Lynn Hershman Leeson : secret agents, private I
World wide video
Day Is Done, a major new video work by Los Angeles artist Mike Kelley, is a feature-length musical. It enunciates a career-long interest in American subcultures and folk events through the re-staging of 31 carnivalesque productions intermixed into a meandering semi-narrative. Each reconstruction is a live-action scene that has been extrapolated from photographs found in high school yearbooks. Their subjects are the kinds of institutionalized entertainments practiced within the American education system or the work place. These include such familiar diversions from the day-to-day routine as dress-up days, memorial speeches, religious spectacles, fashion shows, singles mixers, and musical follies. The actors have been cast based on their resemblance to the figures in the found photographs, and the sets eerily recreate the original locales: harshly spot-lit stages, bland institutional hallways, meeting rooms, and gymnasiums. While each chapter of Day Is Done is derived entirely from an image of a quite standardized folk ritual, Kelley disrupts the traditional structures of such events to construct a dizzying daisy chain of performances that results in an institutional landscape populated by dancing Goths, singing vampires, hick story-tellers, horse dancers, and the Virgin Mary. Originally presented as a 50 channel video/sculpture installation at the Gagosian Gallery New York, in December of 2005, this version of Day is Done has been re-edited into a single channel format for private viewing.
Liisa Lounila : selected works
Source & Echo : [une installation video d' Ane Mette Ruge et de Jacob F. Schokking] = [en videoinstallation af Ane Mette Ruge og Jacob F. Schokking] = [a video installation by Ane Mette Ruge and Jacob F. Schokking]
Transitland : video art from Central and Eastern Europe 1989-2009 / edited by Edit András
Soft cinema : navigating the database
A story of deception
Bruce Nauman : the true artist
Videogames and art
Teresa Hubbard, Alexander Birchler : wild walls : museen Haus Lange / Haus Esters, Krefeld,  huis Marseille, Foundation for Photography, Amsterdam, Kunstverein St. Gallen Kunstmuseum,  Kunsthalle zu Kiel
Eija-Liisa Ahtila : ecologies of drama: collected writings, interviews and scripts
100 video artists = 100 videoartistas : [publisher and editor: Rosa Olivares]
Coded characters : media art by Jill Scott
Øye for tid : om video, kunst og virkelighet = An Eye for Time : video, art and reality
Screen-based art
Intersecting travelogues : wandering through practices and archaeologies of space, place and image
Surveying the first decade : video art and alternative media in the U.S.. Vol. 1.
Beyond cinema : the art of projection : films, videos and installations from 1963 to 2005 : works from the Friedrich Christian Flick Collection im Hamburger Bahnhof, from the Kramlich Collection and others
Day is done
The music of Pipilotti Rist's "Pepperminta" : original motion picture soundtrack
Artists' video : an international guide
One + one
Northwave : una ricognizione sulla videoarte dei paesi nordici = a survey of video art in Nordic countries
Felix Gmelin : the ageing revolution
Retrospectieve van belgische video installaties = Rétrospective d'installations video belges = Retrospective of belgian video installations
Tony Oursler : face to face
Richard Humann : delicate monster = huomaamaton hirviö
At the time of Warhol
In memory of..
Art of the electronic age
Sounding the gallery : video and the rise of art-music
A woman takes little space : 54th International Art Exhibition - La Biennale di Venezia
Brott
Video Theory : Online Video Aesthetics or the Afterlife of Video
Lotus window : concentric rings structures for framing video narratives
Compositing visual effects : essentials for the aspiring artist
A small fairytale
Going forth by day
Doris Chase : artist in motion : from painting to video art
The transit zone : projects and writings 1998-2003 by Jeremy Welsh
Art of the 20th century
Without the wall : eastern Europe after the Berlin wall : photographs and video art
For every word has its own shadow : Sunsets : Notes from underground : Waves
Feelings are always local
Hatsu-Yume (First Dream)
Into video art : the characteristics of a medium = de karakteristieken van een medium / Rob Perrée
YouTube : an insider's guide to climbing the charts
Thinking in film : the politics of video installation according to Eija-Liisa Ahtila
Grammar of the edit
Cyberarts 99
Animation of a High-Definition 2d Fighting Game Character
The boy from Mars
Joseph Beuys : a video programme
Future cinema : the cinematic imaginary after film
Matthew Barney : the Cremaster Cycle
The VJ book : inspirations and practical advice for live visuals performance
Image world : art and media culture
Stop, look, listen : an exhibition of video works
Video : the reflexive medium
21 minutes : Estonia : Art Moscow, 7th International Art Fair, Central House of Artist 23.-27. April, 2003
Found footage
Is it the intentionality described by phenomenology and the ambiguous flesh of the active viewer who enters the work of art and fully explores its most extreme possibilities that determine the limits of possible subjectivation? Or is it the work itself that defines the parameters of new potential forms of subjectivity, perhaps involving modes of awareness that dodge the framework of phenomenology? Such are the questions that constitute the ultimate horizon of this essay.
Hedgecoe on video : a complete creative & technical guide to making videos
Prismatic media, transnational circuits : feminism in a globalized present
Video by artists 2 / ed. by Elke Town
What a wonderful world : musicvideos in architecture
Shirin Neshat : hunnun salaisuus = the secret of the veil = slöjans hemlighet
Gary Hill
"Artists from films, whose lives are made-up: fictional artists. Who are they, how do they live, how do they work? What kind of cliches do they convey? Do they reflect the way that contemporary artists view themselves or do they represent an anachronistic image of the artist in a society heavily influenced by modern media? The twelve montages, taken from more than one hundred films ranging from classics to B-movies, engage in a subjective game with these questions" - - - [Cover].
"Staging the archive: art and photography in the age of new media is dedicated to art practices that mobilize the model of the archive, demonstrating the ways in which such archival artworks probe the possibilities of what art is and what it can do. Through a variety of media, methodologies and perspectives, the artists surveyed here also challenge the principles on which the notions of organization, evidence and documentation are built. The book shows how artists have, over recent decades, read the concept of the archive against the grain, questionning not only what the archive is and can be but what materials, images or ideas can be archived. Ernst van Alphen explores the work of artists such as Marcel Duchamp, Marcel Broodthaers, Christian Boltanski, Fiona Tan, and Sophie Calle, writers including Georges Perec and film-makers such as Alain Resnais and Pťer Forgc̀s. Staging the Archive reveals how modern and contemporary artists have used and contested the notion of the archive to establish new relationships to history, information, data.
New China, new art
Staging the archive : art and photography in the age of new media
Operation r.o.s.a
Young chinese artists : the next generation
