http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p119 wood industry
wood industry
The procurement of wood raw materials by Finnish paper industry - an outlook
Building and living with wood in the UK : a qualitative study on the foreseeable changes in the end-user behaviour and value added chains to perceive new opportunities for the Finnish wood product industry
The relation between different cooking degree numbers
Essays on environmental policy and strategic behavior in international trade
Wood : Finnforest Corporation's international magazine
Conditions and prospects for increasing forest yield in northern Europe
Wood, paper and printing : forest-based and related industries in the EU
The map of Finland would look quite different if the forest industry had not had such an important role in the Finnish national economy and society. The production of pulp, paper, sawn timber, plywood and furniture concentrated people in dozens of mill towns and industrial centres. The harvesting and transportation of roundwood, in turn, dispersed people in hundreds of rural villages in different parts of the country. Together these localities formed the settlement systems of the forest sector, in which each of the localities had a certain economic and productive role. During the first half of twentieth century this settlement system expanded with increasing production, but during the second half of the century both lumberman-smallholder villages and mill communities faced serious difficulties. The restructuring processes within the forest sector decreased jobs in forestry and industrial production, although the production volumes continued to increase. Both the growth periods and restructuring periods have created spatial inequalities between localities and regions within the settlement system of the forest sector.
Occupational exposure to chemical agents and the risk of respiratory cancers in the Finnish wood industry
The Central association of Finnish woodworking industries 1918-1968
Finnar i arbete = Finns at work = Les finlandais au travail
Value activation with vertical annual rings - material, production, products
The importance of transport costs in Swedish forest industry
Analysis of China's primary wood products market : sawnwood and plywood
Industrial timberland ownership in the USA : arguments based on case studies
Modeling long-term price development by using time-series auto-regression and expert judgments
A summary of the development of groundwood production from chips in disk refiners
Outlook on mechanical wood processing in Estonia
Developing the ordering process : case: Vest-Wood Suomi Oy
The technical audit principles, promulgation and practice. 1.
Spectrometric investigations of cellulose
Woodwatch
The forest industry and changing society
Linking resource-based view with business economics of woodworking industry : earlier findings and future insights
On the factors influencing the draining of lye from alkali cellulose slurry, and a method for determining the drainage index
A study of sodium hydroxide treated celluose by the liquid permeability method
Scanning technology and process optimization : advances in the wood industry
Biosulphite pulping with saw-waste chips
Internationalization plan for Leon Chouinard & Sons
Investigations on carbonyl groups of cellulose. 1.
Communicating the environmental performance of wood products
Perceptual position and choice criteria of timber species by UK end-users
Forest management and timber industry at mount Kenya
Jari English-Finnish-Portuguese wood preparation dictionary = Jari suomi-portugali-englanti puunkäsittelysanakirja = Jari português-inglês-finlandês dicionário de preparação de madeira
Seminar on Product Development and Export Marketing for Rubberwood Products : 6-17 September, 1993, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
On reactions in acetylation mixture with no substrate present for acetylation
European timber trends and prospects to the year 2000 and beyond. Vol. 2
Analysis and redesign of a logistics process in Kouvolan Saha Oy
Market research of German Horticulture : Case: Netled Oy
Balance is beautiful : assessing sustainable development in the rain forests of the Bolivian Amazonia
Finnish and Austrian wood markets in a changing environment
New aspects on the reaction of lignin in kraft pulping
This article focuses on the most recent internationalisation of Finnish forest companies. The profiles of the major companies are analysed. A 'world map' is drawn to illustrate the gradual formation of forest-industrial spaces in three scales: the articulation of Finnish (national) forest interest is related to the strategic openings of the Finnish forest companies within European (continental) and global (transcontinental) contexts. The suggested world map covers both the active exporting of the 'Finnish model' and the subsequent new location of Finland in the international networks. Both material and symbolic dimensions of the process are highlighted. The slow dynamics of the paper production is set against the current fluidity of societal demands that are fed by intensifying competition between the leading companies, profit maximation among the shareholders, and keen steering by globally aware environmentalists and consumers. Finally, the eco-social consequences of the contested globalisation process are addressed by examining the most controversial signs and signals. These include size ranking of the companies, profit hunting, image and identity politics, and product certifications. The theoretical framework is based on the political-ecology literature inspired by actor- and context-specific approaches. Hence, the aim is a simultaneous analysis of both material and symbolic changes in forest industrial practices.
The Arkhangelsk oblast has long been one of Russia's most important forest industrial regions. This paper analyses the changes in accessibility of forest resources and forest commodity production during the transition period in the 1990s. Special attention is given to firm restructuring, active roles of domestic capital and the different survival strategies that have been developed by industries in the region. Further analysis deals with signs of economic recovery in the forest sector due to the processes of restructuring, modernisation and self-organisation.
Adhesives for the composite wood panel industry
Handbook of the northern wood industries 1998-99 : timber, wood pulp, paper
Screening and cleaning of pulp : a study to the parameters affecting separation
Forest industry on the map of Finland
Bulletin of the Transilvania University of Braşov. Series II, Forestry, wood industry, agricultural food engineering
Finnish timber and paper calendar
Product development in the Swedish and Finnish wood industry
The Mechanical Wood Processing (PMT) and Wood-based Panels (PLT) Technology Programmes 1992-1996 : evaluation report
Environmental report : statistics for 1998
Creation of modular log kindergarten for Russian market
The use of bleached chemical birch pulp in the surface layer of folding boxboard
The moisture equilibrium of softwoods above the fibre saturation point at the heartwood-sapwood boundary
Handbook of pollution prevention and cleaner production. 2, Best practices in the wood and paper industries
Australian timber industry survey
Density, modulus of elasticity, creep, and durability of hardboard : a bibliography
Finland's National Forest Programme 2010 : follow-up report 2005-2006
Forest products annual market review 2005-2006
The green kingdom : Finland's forest cluster
On structural changes in pulp fibres due to cold alkali treatment
Hardwood pulp as a raw material for printing paper
Comparison and conversion of viscosity and DP-values determinated by different methods
Abstract: Sales possibilities of Finnish forest products for Vereinigte Papiergroßhandlungen in Germany.
Grey alder (Aldus incana) as a raw material for mechanical wood processing in Finland
Toxicity of sediment and concentrations of PAHs in creosote-contaminated lake
Wood fiber contents of different materials in the paper industry material chain expressed in roundwood equivalents (RWEs)
The Timber Trades Journal and saw-mill Advertiser
Development of forest sector in the Arkhangelsk oblast during the transition period of the 1990s
Determining customer logistics service in the wood product industry : survey of UPM-Kymmene Wood Ltd
Magazine paper consumption in different socio-economic environments : case: emerging markets
Entering the Finnish market and choosing a market entry mode for manufacturer of wooden windows : case company X
Tukista tuplasti : value added wood chain 1998-2003 : loppuraportti = Value added wood chain technology programme 1998-2003 = final report
The customer of this project is Kontio company - a Finnish construction company specialized in the creating and building of individual wooden houses and administrative wooden buildings. A big part of their sales come from the Russian market. The goal of this project is creating of modular wooden kindergarten for sale in Russia. Research in the thesis is carried out in two directions. The first of them is an analysis of Russian fire resistance regulations, energy efficiency norms and soundproofing usage rules and also observing laminated wood as main building material for a kindergarten. The second part is design of a building. The drawings and a 3D model of the building were created with ArchCad and AutoCad programs. During the work, three types of modules for the building were designed. One version of the building is shown in the thesis. The plan of the floor, the facades, the sections and a 3D model were designed for this version. The customer company can use these modules in the future to create a building of different sizes and forms.
[Abstract].
Survey on training needs in planning and management of forest industries
Wood - the ecological material : 4th Eurowood symposium, September 22-23. 1997, Stockholm, Sweden
Logging and Sawmilling Journal
European timber trends and prospects to the year 2000 and beyond. Vol. 1
Wood structure, properties and biological degradation : phD course in wood technology 20-25 April, 2009
Woodworking industrial safety : proceedings of the workshop on woodworking industrial safety 24 August-11 September 1987, Kotka, Finland. Part 2, Group works and country reports
The influence of cations on the yellowing of monocarboxycellulose
Timberjack review : internal magazine for personnel, dealers and key suppliers
Reliability of the determination of the pH value of pulp, paper and board
Corporate responsibility in Finnish forest industry SMEs : practice without preaching?
Globalisation in the forest industry has its own particular characteristics which are due to a high degree of capital intensity and limits in raw material supply. Investments in new capacities are expensive and the rate of forest regeneration is slow in the traditional resource areas in the conifer dominated forests of the global North. The supply problem has lead forest companies to establish tree plantations and pulp mills in the temperate and tropical zones. This has largely modified global forest-industrial relations. I examine here how and why the establishment of the Fray Bentos pulp mill in Uruguay by a Finnish company, Metsä-Botnia, turned into an international conflict. I also show how the political reactions to the mill planning in fact relied on and further developed the international mechanisms of forest-industrial regulation. The partners of the mill project were forced to prove that the fears expressed by critical parties would not come true. The article ends with some suggestions to improve social sensitivity of forest-industrial projects by studying more systematically the dependencies between the forest industry and the environing society.
Interdependence of the sawlog, pulpwood and sawmill chip markets : an oligopsony model with an application to Finland
A wide spectral range imaging system : applications in wood industry
The properties of unbleached and bleached birch paper pulps manufactured by different methods of cooking and bleaching
Lessons from Fray Bentos: forest industry, overseas investments and discursive regulation
The competitive position of the Nordic wood industry in Germany : intangible quality dimensions
Some features of the development in the Finnish forest industry during 1961.
Notes on the molecular weight and the fractionation of lignins with organic solvents
The operation and reactions of chlorine dioxide generators
Future biorefinery programme report 2009-2011
Vendor managed inventory in wood processing industries : a case study
Barriers to internet and e-commerce use by wood products export firms in Ghana
Finnish forest sector economic outlook 1999-2000
Jäsenluettelo. 1971 = Medlemsförteckning. 1971 = List of members. 1971
Technology of Furniture Production
Selecting and drying wood
The international book of wood
The water economy today in the pulp and paper industry
On the conductometric determination of the particle size distribution in viscose
Fuel properties of barking refuse from Finnish tree species
The evaluation of viscose pulp using a small scale method for preparation of viscose
Birch as sawn timber and in mechanical further processing in Finland : a literature study
PlyVisions : Raute customer magazine
The exisistence of thiolignins
The yield in the viscose process compared with the alkali solubility of the pulp
Managing uncertainty : hierarchies, markets and "networks" in the Russian timber industry : 1991-1998
Holzforschung : international journal of the biology, chemistry, physics and technology of wood
Key to the Finnish forest industry
The Central Association of Finnish Woodworking Industries 1970.
Socio-economic assessment of wood artifact products in Oyo state, Nigeria
An apparatus for continous recording of the drainage properties of groundwood pulp
Analysis of India's Plywood Market : Opportunities for foreign and Finnish companies
Elementary industrial arts
Suomen puun tie metsästä maailmalle = Finland's wealth of wood
Consumer behavior and buying profile in the Wooden Housing Industry in France
Summary.
Forest-based and related industries of the European Union : industrial districts, clusters and agglomerations
Power consumption in Yankee hood
Developing Biofuel Production from Food Industry Wastes in the Rural Area of Kenya.
Antecedents and barriers to product innovation : a comparison between innovating and non-innovating strategic business units in the wood industry
The effect of NaOH-solutions at oC̊ on the crystallinity and chain length of cellulose
The effect of supply system on the wood paying capability of a kraft pulp mill using Scots pine harvested from first thinnings
The export and the distribution opportunities for Jomeks Oy : Iomus Swingsaw on the French wood industry markets
Woodworking industrial safety : proceedings of the Workshop on Industrial Safety 24 August-11 September 1987 Kotka, Finland
Managing forest ecosystems : The challenge of climate change
Forest products annual market review 2007-2008
The use of network-based business models has been brought up as a means of creating com-petitive edge in the tightening global competition. In practice, adopting network-based models has not yet become common in the wood products industry. The objective of this study is to gain better understanding of types of network-based business models using a case study of two small and medium-sized wood industry companies in Finland (for a sake of anonymity named as A and B). The network of company A is found to consist of mostly of established actors with a new-in-the-market value creation system, whereas network for company B is more stable and has an established value system aiming at growth and incremental innovations. Both networks had experienced difficulties in finding partners and lacked some strategic resources. Via this example we wish to stimulate further research interest on the sources of network-based competitive advantage in the traditional wood product industry in a need of renewal of business models..
A game theoretic simulation model for quality oriented timber supply to sawmills
Tutkimus : perustutkimus on oleellinen osa puualan tuotekehitystä = Basic research a prerequisite for product development in wood technology = Forschung als wesentlicher Bestandteil der Produktentwicklung in der Holzbranche
Effect of electrolytes on the zeta-potential drainage properties of pulp
A study of factors influencing the amount of residual alkali in sulphate pulp
Molecular fractionation of alkali cellulose from cadoxene solution
Finnish paper and timber : information journal of the Finnish forest industry
Strategic business networks in the Finnish wood products industry: a case of two small and medium-sized enterprises
Pitch troubles caused by sulphite pulp. 6.
Research and development in the mechanical woodprocessing industry in Finland
Some aspects of the sampling distribution of the apportionment index and related inference
Social media in wood products marketing and collecting of end user driven product development ideas
Carbon dioxide mitigation in forestry and wood industry
Microtome sectioning in the analysis of paper structure
Spanish wood working industry : geographical structure, export and import
Development of a color machine vision method for wood surface inspection
Investigations on the wood raw material of particle board
Wood handbook : wood as an engineering material
Feasibility study : establishing a firewood business
Diagnostics and visualization in hydraulic press
Dimensionality of quality from a customer perspective in the wood industry
Atlas of the forest sector in Poland
The influence of beating on the brightness of pulp
Research on the structural change of the forestry and the wood-industries in the USA : comparative study between Japan and USA : a report of Monbusho International Scientific Research Program in 1988.
Globalisation and the Finnish forest sector: on the internationalisation of forest-industrial operations
Long-term outlook for wood construction in Europe
Determination of iron in cellulose by means of X-ray fluorescence
Cross-border interaction and emerging interest conflicts in the forest sector of Russian Karelia
Forest health and protection
The Quality of pulp and printing paper
Oregon's forest products industry: 1992
A study of the formation of kraft paper
Technical & economic study on the reduction, based on best available technology, of industrial emissions (water, air & solid wastes) from the pulp industry : selection of most suitable parameters to determine limit values for emissions to air and water
Enzyme cellulose and its influence on pulp
World wood fibre study. Vol. 2, Detailed demand tables
Finnish forest sector economic outlook 1998-1999
Elsevier's wood dictionary in seven languages : English/American, French, Spanish, Italian, Swedish, Dutch and German. Vol. 1, Commercial and botanical nomenclature of world-timbers sources of supply
Differentiation by means of the Mäule reaction between hardwood NSSC-pulp and screenings from softwood chemical pulp
Classification of carbonyl groups in oxidized cellulose based upon their reaction rates on oximation
Finland : country of forest products
At present, there are no means for reliably comparing the wood fiber contents of different material streams within the paper industry material chain with each other. The aim of this article is to introduce conversion factors that make it possible to quantify the volume of wood expressed in roundwood equivalent (RWE) values for different paper industry-related materials in the material chain. These conversion factors apply to wood pulp, paper, and recovered paper. European data are used in quantifying the paper industry material streams and calculating the RWE conversion factors. The introduced conversion factors can be used to estimate RWE volumes at a global scale. With assumption that paper recycling did not occur and that paper production volume remained unchanged, an additional volume of 666 million m3 RWEs would be required globally per annum to produce 167 million tons of virgin wood pulp to replace 222 million tons of recovered paper utilized by the paper industry in 2010. This volume is approximately the same as 1.6 times the total removal of wood in Europe (EU27), or the total annual removal of wood in the USA, Canada, and Brazil combined..
Projecting pulpwood prices under different assumptions on future capacities in the pulp and paper industry
A Diderot pictorial encyclopedia of trades and industry. Volume two
Quantitative elemental analysis of dry-ashed bark and wood samples of birch, spruce and pine from South-Western Finland using PIXE
Sales possibilities of Finnish forest products for Vereinigte Papiergroßhandlungen in Germany
World wood fibre study. Vol. 1, Analysis and forecast
FT-IR and UV Raman spectroscopic studies on thermal modification of Scots pine wood and its extractable compounds
Fuel switching, energy saving and carbon trading : three ways to control carbon dioxide emissions in the Finnish forest industry
Winning back the words : confronting experts in an environmental public hearing
