http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12 environmental movements
environmental movements
Challenging the political order : new social and political movements in western democracies
The vanishing face of gaia : a final warning
Business opportunities in Northeast China. Part 1, Liaoning province
Don't trust, don't fear, don't beg : 100 days as a prisoner of Putin : the story of the Arctic 30
Green movements and their political development in the Nordic countries : paper prepared for presentation at the ECPR Joint Sessions of Workshops 27 February-4 March 1997, Bern, Switzerland
Evaluation of opportunities in e-waste processing facility investment in Pune, India
The greening of a nation? : environmentalism in the United States since 1945
The Clients’ Perceptions of the UK as a Business Location and the Services of UK Trade and Investment
Logging against the natives of Sarawak
The politics of the environment : ideas, activism, policy
The globalization reader
Bearing witness to prisoners of a dilemma : the role of Greenpeace in international environmental politics
Green networks : a structural analysis of the Italian environmental movement
Lithuania business intelligence report
A Business Plan of Teahouse in Helsinki, Finland
Starting a Tourism Company in Gambia : Case Company Jäälin Palvelupiste Ky
Doing business in China
Thought, law, rights and action in the age of environmental crisis
Ecological politics : ecofeminists and the Greens
The marketing of rebellion : insurgents, media, and international activism
On guerrilla gardening : a handbook for gardening without boundaries
The social and cultural construction of risk : essays on risk selection and perception
Shades of green : environmental activism around the globe
Market Analysis of Solar Water Heating in Hospitality Industry, Thailand
Assessing a prospective landfill  gas to energy project in Agadir, Morocco
Survival competencies in SMEs in changing business environments
Wood harvesting and logistics in Russia : focus on research and business opportunities : final report of the research project
The environmental mafia : the enemy is us
Trees of life : saving tropical forests and their biological wealth
Selling results solutions : creating sales opportunities in mature industrial markets
From Social Responsibility to Environmental Responsibility - Changes in the Finnish Business Discourse from 1970 to 1995
Business passport to Japan
Rethinking sustainable development
Biodivinity and biodiversity : the limits to religious environmentalism
The origins of modern environmental thought
Sustainability strategies for business : an integrated approach with a life cycle perspective
Green politics three
The final forest : the battle for the last great trees of The Pacific Northwest
Estonia business intelligence report
Earth First! and the Anti-Roads Movement : radical environmentalism and comparative social movements
The Green rainbow : environmental groups in Western Europe
Ideas and actions in the green movement
Contesting earth's future : radical ecology and postmodernity
The Greenpeace story
Entry and operation in Finland : case:  Specsavers
Nigeria`s WEEE market : business opportunity for Finnish SMEs
Business-driven information system development
ENTERING THE CHINESE MARKET-CASE STUDY:KONECRANES PLC (CHINA)
Green planet blues : environmental politics from Stockholm to Rio
Toxic politics : responding to chemical disasters
Business opportunity of municipal sewage sludge treatment in China
Putting humans first : why we are nature's favorite
Environment, energy, and society
Igniting a revolution : voices in defense of the Earth
Innovation Potential of the Murmansk Region
Beyond Earth Day : fulfilling the promise
Between two worlds : science, the environmental movement, and policy choice
Conservation and the gospel of efficiency : the progressive conservation movement, 1890-1920
Market entry to US : IT company ZEF Ltd
Environmentalism in Russia's north-west
The light-green society : ecology and technological modernity in France, 1960-2000
Environmental goods and services sector
Market research of window units and doors industry in Russia
Environmental politics : Britain, Europe and the global environment
Participation in environmental organizations
Reclaiming paradise : the global environmental movement
Entrepreneurial orientation of Born Global firms in turbulent environment
Socio-cultural contexts affecting the export of education: the case of Finnish primary schools and the United Arab Emirates
Environmental philosophy : from animal rights to radical ecology
Moving from movement to government : the transformation of the Finnish Greens
International business : the new realities
The age of environmentalism
Renewable energy for base station and local economy : business potential for telecommunications equipment and service vendor in developing countries
Branching out, digging in : environmental advocacy and agenda setting
The ecologists from merry naturalists to saviours of the nation : a sociologically informed narrative survey of the ecologization of Sweden 1895-1975
Greening the milleniums? : the new politics of the environment
Environmental terminology in collocations
Anatomy of a conflict : identity, knowledge, and emotion in old-growth forests
[Khō̜ Čhō̜ Khō] = Khor Jor Kor : forest politics in Thailand
Expanding business in Spain : Case: Mystery shopping service provider Company X
A greener vision of home : cultural politics and environmental reform in the German Heimatschutz movement, 1904-1918
All shades of green : the environmentalization of Finnish society
A marketing analysis of household appliances market in Finland : a case study for the Haier Group
Russian environmentalism : leading figures, facts, opinions
The political practice of environmental organizations
Practical Business Establishment in Finland : Case: Vietasia private trader
The vanishing face of Gaia : a final warning
The fading of the greens : the decline of environmental politics in the West
Greening of New Zeland : case study on an institutionalising social movement
Toward unity among environmentalists
New social movements in Western Europe : a comparative analysis
"A Shmita Manifesto" : a radical sabbatical approach to Jewish food reform in the United States
Small business enterprise : an economic analysis
Foreign direct investment from Finland to Russia : Hydroline case research
Changing the planning for agile and lean software development : from roadmapping to continuous planning
Formulating a feasible business idea in Finland : case: Silta Consultancy Oy
Amazonia : voices from the rainforest : a resource & action guide
Invoking the spirit : religion and spirituality in the quest for a sustainable world
The world is burning : murder in the rain forest
The political ecologist
The quality of published accounting information in Russia
Market Research on the Turkish Shipbuilding Industry : case: Koskisen Oy
Anti-nuclear movements : a world survey of opposition to nuclear energy
Conflicts and violence as structuring metaphors of the Santo Daime, a religious and environmental movement in the Brazilian Amazon
The aim of this thesis is to provide the commissioner ZEF Ltd. with important points of considera-tion when entering the US market. The subject was agreed with the commissioner to support their business expansion abroad, and the desired results of this thesis will point out certain matters that may have gone unnoticed if it was not for this thesis. The purpose is to help ZEF have a suc-cessful market entry to the US. Mainly online sources were used for the theoretical background in order to ensure up-to-date information and practical approach. To support the knowledge provided by theory, a semi-structured interview covering all the four themes was conducted with Juho Risku, the co-founder and partner at Butterfly Ventures, due to his experience in operating a business in the US. The interview was used together with the theory to form a coherent knowledge base. The results show that ZEF needs to take into account each of the four themes introduced in this thesis. They should consider all the practicalities of establishing an office in a foreign country from entry strategies to market differences. After entering the country, the company needs to consider different ways of networking in order to establish relationships with business partners and cus-tomers. Also, ZEF needs to consider their marketing and sales operations, especially whether to use both inbound and outbound marketing, and whether their product is ready for the market or not. The final consideration is the arrangement of customer support, as customer support locating only in Finland is not going to be sufficient, and ZEF will face the need to recruit more employees in the US. This thesis was conducted when ZEF was not yet operating in the US. Therefore, as the situation and the companys plans may change during their US operations, further research could be done on each of the four themes or the situation as a whole. For example, continuously changing mar-keting methods can bring new research ideas, and the arrangement of customer support will face challenges as the US customer base grows bigger.
Residential area and health:a study of the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1966
The Asian insider : unconventional wisdom for Asian business
Environmental issues in business education curricula at Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences : towards a postmodern curriculum?
The political ideology of green parties : from the politics of nature to redefining the nature of politics
Wisdom in the open air : the Norwegian roots of deep ecology
The gentle subversive : Rachel Carson, Silent spring, and the rise of the environmental movement
Discovering nature : globalization and environmental culture in China and Taiwan
Rising tides : the history and future of the environmental movement
How to be a green liberal : nature, value and liberal philosophy
Starting a tourism company in Gambia : case company Jäälin Palvelupiste KY
Residential area and health : a study of the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1966
Russian environmentalism : the Yanitsky reader
Mass media as a tool for Greenpeace
Democracy, dialogue, and environmental disputes : the contested languages of social regulation
Synthetic worlds : emerging technologies in education and economics
Latvia business intelligence report
Beyond stakeholder dialogue: Corporate NGO-alliances : Developing dialogue with WWF finland
The non-economic relationship between a forest industrial company and an environmental pressure group
Environmental movements in Sub-Saharan Africa : a political ecology of power and conflict
Change is now so commonplace that people no longer talk in terms of the "whitewater epoch". Every sector of the economies of the developed world has experienced huge swathes of change in the last decade of the twentieth century alone. Increased global competition, aided and abetted by technological advances, has led many organizations to seek to re-invent themselves in the hope of being able to survive and thrive. In mature sectors in particular, where the pace of consolidation is accelerating, organizations have had little option but to grow through acquisition or be absorbed. Whether the change is labelled "continuous process improvement", "restructuring", "downsizing" or re-engineering", to employees, change usually brings with it added pressures, job insecurity and a consequent loss of commitment to the organization. Understanding Change: theory, implementation and success argues that strategic change in the new millennium will be geared increasingly to achieving sustainable high performance, rather than just short-term gains. Most theorists now agree that the real challenge of change lies in gaining employees" willingness to commit to the change effort. Change leaders at every level need to be able to understand the elements at work in any change process, and to use judgement about the style of leadership required to give the change effort the best chance of success. Understanding Change: theory, implementation and success provides an overview of change and organizational theory, leading in particular to the author"s definition of the "input" elements of the high performance organisation, based on extensive research into UK and international organisations. It also contains a section looking at the management of change, with case studies illustrating approaches to managing change which are conducive to achieving sustainable high performance. In her companion book, The High Performance Organization- creating dynamic stability, the author explores some of the "how to"s" of building an organizational culture which is supportive of high performance in today"s challenging environment.
Risk analysis and security countermeasure selection
Ecovillage living : restoring the earth and her people
Renewable energy market-entry in developing economies : (case: Nigeria)
Voices from the environmental movement : perspectives for a new era
Cost accounting methods for construction projects in North-West Russia : case study Pöyry CM Oy
The environmental movement in Germany : prophets & pioneers, 1871-1971
Developing a marketing plan for Germany : Case Galaxo Ltd.
Operation mode choice and efficiency in the context of perceived uncertainty : case of Finnish firms in Asia
Green rage : radical environmentalism and the unmaking of civilization
The Business Plan : Organic Farm in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
The operational environments of the Finnish and Swiss mobile operators
The making of the new environmental consciousness : a comparative study of the environmental movements in Sweden, Denmark and the Netherlands
Democracy and green political thought : sustainability, rights and citizenship
Renewable Energy Market Analysis in Nigeria
Environmental politics in Japan : networks of power and protest
Environmental and housing movements : grassroots experience in Hungary, Russia and Estonia
The unquiet woods : ecological change and peasant resistance in the Himalaya
ecology and utility : the philosophical dilemmas of planetary management
Developing a marketing plan for Germany : case Galaxo Ltd
Environmental activism in China
Democracy and environmental movements in Eastern Europe : a comparative study of Hungary and Russia
Environmental disputes : community involvement in conflict resolution
Gambia is a diverse and exciting new market. The establishment of a company on a new market requires plenty of planning and background information. The commissioning company plans to start a hotel business in Gambia and the primary purpose of this thesis is to serve as a guide in that process. The research has been carried out as a case study. The empirical part is based on well-known and reliable primary and secondary printed sources. Electronic sources have been used to supplement the information. To deepen the understanding of the theory and to aid in the practice has practical information been gathered from various sources by questionnaires and theme interviews. The structure of the thesis is built as a zipper model, where theory and practice are combined in a discussion. The first part of the thesis focuses on the starting point analyses and offers more insight of Gambia as a market and operating environment. The purpose is to evaluate what the Gambian environment is like and to deepen the understanding of Gambia as a potential location for a travelling company. The secondary purpose is to offer tools for other Finnish companies that want to enter the Gambian market. The thesis has been narrowed down to focus on the tourism industry, but the theoretic part and practical advice can be used in any field of business. The end of the thesis focuses on the risks involving the business operations in Gambia and on the critical success factors in the hotel business. The schedule has been changed during the process due to difficulties reaching all interviewees. All parties interviewed have been professionals within the tourism and business branches. The interviews have been carried out as questionnaires vie E-mail or theme interviews by telephone or Skype. The interviewees have been two representatives of the commissioning company, a representative of a tour operator, the Finnish-Gambian ambassador and a Gambian director. The theoretic and practical data has been analyzed from different views. According to the gathered data is Gambia a potential location for a hotel business. All though the country is poor and is a dictatorship, is it believable that the government wants to develop the country further partly by democratic means. As the tourism industry is very important, the government tries to enhance its development with different inducements. Start-up companies are offered tax exemptions for a certain period and building land is given by the government. The ownership of foreigners are protected with legislation, which promises that the property will not be expropriated by the government. The bureaucracy is complicated and the corruption sets challenges especially for foreigners. The governmental tourism development agency provides advice and help in the process. At the same time the official wants to guarantee that the foreign investors are treated equally to the Gambians.
"When Richard Reynolds began gardening secretly outside his council block in south London, he had no idea he was part of a global movement committed to combating the urban forces of litter, pollution, vandalism and, worst of all, apathy about public spaces. At first Reynolds was content to work alone, recording his experiences on his weblog." "The council "responsible" for the spaces took no interest, not even when Reynolds entered one of his plots for the Southwark in Bloom competition. But word of his nocturnal endeavours quickly spread, as guerrilla gardeners from all over the globe wrote to Reynolds with their tips for making seed bombs, planting grime-resistant flowers and avoiding arrest, and donating plants of their own - such as the eight-foot Christmas tree that now stands proud on a roundabout near Elephant and Castle." "On Guerrilla Gardening is his manifesto, a call to arms that charts the revolutionary history of guerrilla gardening from its roots in 1970s Manhattan, and proffers advice on tactics, equipment and recruitment. It is also a manual for a very particular form of gardening, whose "weeds" are crisp packets and whose "wildlife" is drunks. This is a book for all would-be activists, green-fingered or otherwise, who believe we should seize control of our shared environment - and start cherishing it once and for all."
Cyber-physical systems as a platform for value co-creation : case: intelligent equipment in mining and construction industry
Getting to the 21st Century : voluntary action and the global agenda
Educating for environmental awareness
"Examines economics and environmentalism as competing public religions that derive from, and continue, a Christian worldview; argues that debates over global warming and other environmental issues are ultimately based on theological differences between their respective adherents"--Provided by publisher.
Environmental movements : local, national, and global
The green crusade : rethinking the roots of environmentalism
American environmentalism : the U.S. environment movement 1970-1990
"Are you fed up with the status quo? Do you ask yourself why 1% of the world owns nearly half the wealth? Are you appalled that in a year of recession, banker's bonuses rose by around 64%? Does it anger you that multi-million dollar corporations pay hardly any tax? Do you trust your government? Always insightful, irreverent but funny, Russell Brand is asking the questions the public wants answered. This is his call to arms. This is Russell Brand's Revolution". Provided by publisher.
Internationalisation of Russian firms to Finland : case study of Russian SMEs
American environmentalism : the U. S. environmental movement, 1970-1990
Environmental politics in Japan, Germany, and the United States
Environmental management in China  : Case – ISO 14001 implementation for The Switch
Essentials of strategic management
Managerial Aspects of Business Intelligence Implementation
Political environment and business development in the arctic : strategic opportunities and threats for Finnish companies
Environment and society : human perspectives on environmental issues
Development of cooperation in Latin America : Collaboration in education, research and business - opening up new opportunities
Deep green resistance : strategy to save the planet
Politics and the environment : the Australian experience
Environmental movements in Japan : a study of the power relatioship between the goverment and civil society
Evaluation of opportunities in large scale e-waste processing facility investement in China
In the age of globalization and internationalization it becomes more and more important for companies to enter new markets. Therefore, Finnish company Galaxo Ltd. located in Oulu, Finland intends to enter the German market and distribute its energy management system there. The purpose of this thesis was to prepare a marketing plan in order to provide useful information about the German market for the case company. Furthermore, there was a need for recommendations as the Finnish firm was not familiar with foreign markets, yet. The idea of this thesis topic was developed by the author with the support of Galaxo Ltd. Moreover, the first part of the marketing plan consists of analyses such as competitors’ analysis, stakeholder analysis, PESTEL analysis and SWOT analysis. These chapters are followed by marketing strategy which includes segmentation, targeting, positioning, mission statement and competitive strategy. Moreover, the company ́s objectives were outlined and the marketing mix, consisting of the 4 Ps: product, place, price, place and promotion, was suggested. The background knowledge for this thesis was provided by lectures of courses at Oulu University of Applied Sciences such as marketing, intercultural skills and international business strategy. Moreover, this basis was extended by books, articles and websites that offer in depth information regarding marketing issues as well as topics related to Germany. In addition, meetings with Hannes Huotari, CEO at Galaxo Ltd., and Anu Toljamo, sales manager at Galaxo Ltd., were organized. In addition, there was also e-mail contact with these representatives. Consequently, the case company was provided with the results of the marketing plan during the whole thesis process. The next step for Galaxo Ltd. is to apply the given information and recommendations and enter the German market. Therefore, the target group needs to become aware of the case company and their product Infochannel, which could be reached by implementing presentations and questionnaires for the potential customers, universities in the southern part of Germany.
The age of ecology : a global history
Logistics outsourcing: solution for small and medium enterprises in Vietnam
Ecology and society : an introduction
Pañcavatī : Indian approach to environment
Green backlash : global subversion of the environmental movement
Environmentalism for a new millennium : the challenge of coevolution
Losing ground : American environmentalism at the close of the twentieth century
Successful Born Global internationalization : dynamic capabilities development
Ecological resistance movements : the global emergence of radical and popular environmentalism
The effect of environmental uncertainty, management control systems and strategy on performance
New environmentalism in the Russian Northwest
"This book brings together a collection of highly-respected contributors to provide a global history of environmentalism. It makes the basic assumption that we can better understand the relationship that exists between man and nature through the close observation of conflicts that have taken place between the two. Using a range of case studies, A History of Environmentalism: Local Struggles, Global Histories weaves together an intricate fabric of environmental struggles throughout history that tells us much about transformations of cultural perceptions and ways of production and consuming, as well as ecological and social changes. Although the narratives included in the book are strongly rooted in specific places, including Brazil, Italy, the USA and Australia, they suggest and reveal things about environmental issues in history on a world scale. This book will enable students to understand the history of environmentalism from a global and local perspective simultaneously"--
Information systems role in strategic agility : a supply chain context
The good-natured feminist : Ecofeminism and the quest for democracy
Green Solutions for Logistics Customers : Case Study: DHL
Agency, democracy, and nature : the U.S. environmental movement from a critical theory perspective
Developing ecofeminist theory : the complexity of difference
Understanding change : theory, implementation and success
Don't trust, don't fear, don't beg : the extraordinary story of the Arctic 30
Slow reckoning : the ecology of a divided planet
Local environmental movements : a comparative study of the United States and Japan
GREENPEACE WITNESS : TWENTY-FIVE YEARS ON THE ENVIRONMENTAL FRONT LINE
A history of environmentalism : local struggles, global histories
Knowing nature, knowing science : an etnography of environmental activism
Business plan for establishing an auto car-washing service in Hanoi, Vietnam
Changing land management : adoption of new practices by rural landholders
Heidegger, politics and climate change : risking it all
The transition companion : making your community more resilient in uncertain times
Influencing consumer opinions of forest issues : a study of the environmental movements in England and Germany
Entry plan for a solar product manufacturing company : case  : Suntrica Limited and Ghana
The green revolution : the American environmental movement 1962-1992
International business : Adjusting to new challenges and opportunities
New commitments : women as activists in Japanese environmental movements
States and anti-nuclear movements
The last tree : reclaiming the environment in tropical Asia
Lithuania profile
Green politics in Japan
Green states and social movements : environmentalism in the United States, United Kingdom, Germany, and Norway
Sink the Rainbow ̇ : an enquiry into the 'Greenpeace Affair'
Communes and the green vision : counterculture, lifestyle and the New Age
Noxious New York : the racial politics of urban health and environmental justice
The new holy wars : economic religion vs. environmental religion in contemporary America
The culture of German environmentalism : anxieties, visions, realities
Environment and society : the enduring conflict
Environmental movements and waste infrastructure
Accelerated internationalisation as a network-based international opportunity development process
Fighting over the forests
The green case : a sociology of environmental issues, arguments and politics
A guide for Finnish textile companies entering Nigeria
A bite-sized guide for Finnish SME companies operating in China
Hugging the trees : the story of the Chipko movement
Ecocritique : contesting the politics of nature, economy, and culture
Make it a green peace! : the rise of countercultural environmentalism
Finding new territories to expand a business is a common goal for many. Many markets are flooded with such a variety of products it is sometimes hard for an entering business to be noticed. Entering a virgin market that is not yet saturated with the mass companies is an ideal situation for a business. They would be new, fresh and desired. There are many countries that are considered to be up and coming economies. The factors in making these countries virtually untouched are many, some including poverty, crime, corruption and even terrorism. The objective of this thesis is to show Nigeria as a lucrative target market and to create a guide for entry. There are barriers to entry and fears of terrorism that keep many businesses away. In this work, it will unveil some of the people in Nigeria, lessening the mystery to this culture. The Nigerian culture is very business orientated and worldwide, business is business, and this is a common bond that foreign businesses have with their Nigerian counterparts. This thesis is written jointly with a Nigerian author and an American author, giving the knowledge of a native Nigerian as well as the questions of an outsider. The commissioners for this thesis are also used as the case companies. The first commissioner/case company is Vallila Interior, a Finnish interior design company and the focus will be on their brightly colored textiles. The second commissioner/case company will be Altretes Enterprises, a Nigerian interior design company wishing to import foreign textiles to meet their clientele’s demand. This thesis will be a guide on connecting the two companies and easing some fears the Finnish company might have about entering the Nigerian market.
Environment, energy, and society : exemplary works
Namibia Country Analysis
Where we live, work and play : the environmental justice movement and the struggle for a new environmentalism
Providing renewable energy solutions in Ghana : Overview of the business  environment in Ghana regarding some selected renewable energy sources
A multi-stakeholder perspective on sustainable marketing : studying business-society relations through action research
Toward an ecological society
Socio-cultural contexts affecting the export of education : the case of Finnish primary schools and the United Arab Emirates
The key activities of partnership development in China : a study of Sino-Finnish partnerships
Building an innovative organization culture : case insurance company X
Towards bioeconomy : a three-phase Delphi study on forest biorefinery diffusion in Scandinavia and North America
The global environmental movement
Environmental politics and policy, 1960s-1990s
EcoPopulism : toxic waste and the movement for environmental justice
Comparing the survival of Nigerian solar energy and Finnish manufacturing companies in turbulent business environments
Foreigners Establishing Businesses in Finland
The pocket green book
Environmental politics and policy : theories and evidence
Market analysis and business opportunity evaluation of entering Chinese medical waste treatment industry
Hot, flat and crowded : why the world needs a green revolution - and how we can renew our global future
