http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12000 engravings (objects)
engravings (objects)
The art of chip carving : award winning designs
Muinainen Egypti - hetki ikuisuudesta : 30.8.1993-2.1.1994 = Ancient Egypt - a moment of eternity : 30.8.1993-2.1.1994
Tas-Silġ, Marsaxlokk (Malta) II: archaeological excavations conducted by the University of Malta, 1996-2005
Techniques of glass engraving
Woodcarving made easy
Classical gems : ancient and modern intaglios and cameos : in the Fitzwilliam Museum, Cambridge
Carving The Human Figure : Studies in Wood and Stone
Gods and Settlers is an interdisciplinary study that brings together iconography, literature, history, and religious studies to investigate a unique subset of this sculptural corpus: stone monuments with mythological and heroic iconography of Scandinavian origins. These carvings are particularly interesting because of the ecclesiastical roots of stone sculpture as a mode of artistic expression in England and the undoubtedly Christian context of the majority of the surviving monuments. The first half of the book is a detailed survey of the relevant carvings from northern England and a wide range of textual and visual parallels, together with an investigation of the sources and use of individual heroic and mythological characters and motifs. The second half focuses on the intellectual framework and social context of the artefacts, and presents a new view of these sculptures as cultural documents of the conversion of the Scandinavian settlers of northern England.
Blake's Job  : William Blake's illustrations of the Book of Job
Van Dyck and portrait engraving and etching in the seventeenth century / edited by Arthur M. Hind
Classic carving patterns. Lora S. Irish
The life of a Balinese temple : artistry, imagination, and history in a peasant village
Tas-Silġ, on the south-east coast of the island of Malta, is a major multi-period site, with archaeological remains spanning four thousand years. A megalithic temple complex built in the early third millennium BC gave way to a Phoenician and Punic sanctuary dedicated to the goddess Astarte. The sacred place underwent major transformations in Roman times, becoming an international religious complex dedicated to the goddess Juno. Located on the maritime routes plied by mariners and traders, its fame did not escape the attention of the first-century BC orator Cicero. Excavated as part of a major archaeological project in the 1960s, the site of Tas-Silġ lay abandoned for several decades. In 1996, the University of Malta renewed excavations at the site for ten seasons, uncovering Neolithic and Late Bronze Age occupation levels, and substantial deposits associated with ritual offerings of Punic date. This volume is the second monograph of the final publication of the excavations. It provides an account of the pottery and of the hundreds of inscribed pottery sherds that were recovered during the excavations. It forms a companion volume to the first monograph, which reports on the history of the site and other finds.
Lettercarving in wood
Middle Babylonian texts in the Cornell University collections. 1, The later kings
Essential woodcarving techniques
Engraving and etching 1400-2000 : a history of the development of manual intaglio printmaking processes
Sculpting in stone
Latin on stone : epigraphic research and electronic archives
Stradanus, 1523-1605 : court artist of the Medici
Corpus Inscriptionum Arabicarum Palaestinae addendum : squeezes in the Max van Berchem collection (Palestine, Trans-Jordan, Northern Syria) squeezes 1-84
The volume contains an edition of c. 1,300 ostraca excavated in Abu Mina, Egypt, under the directorship of Peter Grossmann. Most of these ostraca comprise a partially surviving record of the pickings of grapes and of wine deliveries in the first half of the seventh century AD, before the Arab conquest in 642. Also, a small number contains some Christian texts, writings on pots or flasks, designs and writing exercises. They provide information on the community, the economical and agricultural activities, the prosopography and onomastics of this pilgrimage centre. This volume will be of interest to Greek papyrologists and to ancient historians.
Arts of Africa : 7000 years of African art
Color woodcuts : a book of reproductions and a handbook of method
English medieval misericords : the margins of meaning
Making woodblock prints
The art of scraperboard engraving
Latin inscriptions can appear daunting – a jumble of letters without any structure or meaning. However, once you know how, most are easy to read as they follow strict rules of grammar and abbreviation. This book will teach readers how to 'decipher' them and will highlight how even the smallest piece of information that an inscription may provide can help classicists and archaeologists to reconstruct the daily life of ordinary Romans.
Cut and carve candles : beautiful candles to dip, carve, twist & curl
Epigraphic literacy and Christian identity : modes of written discourse in the newly Christian European North
Figureheads and ship carving
Carving architectural detail in wood : the classical tradition
Die Edelstein Gravierkunst = L'Art de la gravure sur pierres précieuses = The art of gemstone engraving
Impressed and incised ceramics
London interiors : a grand national exhibition of the religious, regal, and civic solemnities, public amusements, scientific meetings, and commercial scenes of the British capital; beautifully engraved on steel, from drawings made expressly for this work, by Command of Her Majesty, and with permission of the proprietors and trustees of the metropolitan edifices. With descriptions written by official authorities
Ehdotus elävien nykyhetkien monumentiksi = A monument for moments of the living present (a proposal) : Pori 1935-
Cut & carve candles : beautiful candles to dip, carve, twist & curl
Carving classical styles in wood
Carving figureheads & other nautical designs
Old time whittling : easy techniques for carving classic projects
Medieval graffiti : the lost voices of England's churches
Corpus of Anglo-Saxon stone sculpture. Vol. 10, The Western Midlands : Gloucestershire, Herefordshire, Shropshire, Warwickshire and Worcestershire
New prosopographical data derived from Roman lead pipe inscriptions
The craft of woodcarving
Chinese art : textiles, glass and painting on glass, carvings in ivory and rhinoceros horn, carving in hardstones, snuff bottles, inkcakes and inkstones
The story of bronze
Learn to burn : a step-by-step guide to getting started in pyrography
Drevnerusskaâ melkaâ plastika XI-XVI vekov = Plastic art of old Russia - small carvings and castings, 11th to 16th century
Polynesian and Oceanian designs : CD-ROM & book
Glass engraving : 25 projects for the home
ANCIENT ESKIMO IVORIES OF THE BERING STRAIT
Théâtre d'amour : complete reprint of the coloured Emblemata amatoria of 1620
The Oxford handbook of Roman epigraphy
The art of engraving : a book of instructions
Contemporary scrimshaw
Watteau, Boucher and the French engravers and etchers of the earlier eighteenth century / edited by Arthur M. Hind
Print making : traditional and contemporary techniques
Carving Wooden animals
Chinese carved lacquer  : beauty of carving through lacquer layers
A history of engraving and etching from the 15th century to the year of 1914
Carving totem poles & masks
Big Cats : An Artistic Approach: Carving Lions, Tigers and Jaguars
Basic chip carving
Carved stones : Scottish executive policy and guidance
Hogarth : the complete engravings
Epigraphy, or the study of inscriptions, is critical for anyone seeking to understand the Roman world, whether they regard themselves as literary scholars, historians, archaeologists, anthropologists, religious scholars or work in a field that touches on the Roman world from c. 500 BCE to 500 CE and beyond. The Oxford Handbook of Roman Epigraphy is the fullest collection of scholarship on the study and history of Latin epigraphy produced to date. Rather that just a collection of inscriptions, however, this volume seeks to show why inscriptions matter and demonstrate to classicists and ancient historians how to work with the sources. To that end, the 35 chapters, written by senior and rising scholars in Roman history, classics, and epigraphy, cover everything from typograph to the importance of inscriptions for understanding many aspects of Roman culture, from Roman public life, to slavery, to the roles and lives of women, to the military, and to life in the provinces. Students and scholars alike will find the Handbook a crritical tool for expanding their knowledge of the Roman world.
Carving the little guys : easy techniques for beginning woodcarvers
Glass engraving with grindstones
Carving shells and cameos : and other marine products: tortoiseshell, coral, amber, jet
Unveiling emotions II : emotions in Greece and Rome : texts, images, material culture
Glass engraving : lettering and design
Carving and whittling : the Swedish style
A comprehensive survey of the intriguing misericord carvings, setting them in their religious context and looking at their different themes and motifs.
An application of the methodology of experimental archaeology to scientific iron-working experiments : the making of early medieval sword blade inscriptions as an example
Weapons & armor : a pictorial archive of woodcuts & engravings
This collection of nine essays deals with the role of epigraphic literacy within the newly introduced Christian culture and the developing tradition of literacy in Northern Europe. This volume examines the role of epigraphic literacy within the newly introduced Christian culture and the developing tradition of literacy in Northern Europe during the Viking Age and the High Middle Ages. The epigraphic material under scrutiny here originates from Scandinavia and North-West Russia – two regions that were converted to Christianity around the turn of the first millennium. Besides traditional categories of epigraphic sources, such as monumental inscriptions on durable materials, the volume is concerned with more casual inscriptions on less permanent materials. The first part of the book discusses a form of monumental epigraphic literacy manifested on Scandinavian rune stones, with a particular focus on their Christian connections. The second part examines exchanges between Christian culture and ephemeral products of epigraphic literacy, as expressed through Scandinavian rune sticks, East Slavonic birchbark documents and church graffiti. The essays look beyond the traditional sphere of parchment literacy and the Christian discourse of manuscript sources in order to explore the role of epigraphic literacy in the written vernacular cultures of Scandinavia and North-West Russia.
Engraving on precious metals
Latin inscriptions
Wooden Artifacts Group Denver - 1993 : Speciality Session, June 4, 1993 A.I.C. Annual Meeting Denver, Colorado
Kilroy was here : a glimpse of  the graffiti of holy cross church in Hattula
The great dedicatory inscription of Ramesses II : a Solar-Osirian Tractate at Abydos
Graphic history : the wars, massacres and troubles of Tortorel and Perrissin
This book surveys the history of the techniques of engraving, etching and plate printing - i.e. that of manual intaglio printmaking processes - from its beginning in the 1430s until today. These developments are observed in the light of the coherence between the technique of intaglio print (such as its materials and methods of production); the 'style' or outward appearance of the print; the creator of the print; and the fashion typical pf a particular social group, place and time. Economic, educational and social aspects are discussed, as well as the worldwide dissemination of the trade of intaglio printmaking. The author shows how intaglio printmaking developed steadily from the mid-fifteenth century with the invention of the roller press and the etching of printing plates.
Letters slate cut : Workshop philosophy and practise in the making of letters
An inquiry into the origin and early history of engraving
Greek inscriptions
The linguistics of Maya writing
Catalogue of the carved amber in the Department of Greek and Roman Antiquities
Swedish carving techniques
Walls & molding : how to care for old and historic wood and plaster
China on paper : European and Chinese works from the late sixteenth to early nineteenth century
Two medieval grave slabs with engraved human figures in the churches of Ulvila and Pyhtää
Horse carving
The practical woodworker : a complete guide to the art and practice of woodworking. Volume 4, Decorative woodwork
Gods and settlers : the iconography of Norse mythology in Anglo-Scandinavian sculpture
Translation, transliteration, and commentary of cuneiform documents from Babylonia dating to the Kassite period, the middle of the second millennium BCE, in ancient Iraq.
When bamboo meets design : reviving bamboo handicraft in modern design
The early alphabet
Woodcarving : get started in a new craft with easy-to-follow projects for beginners
How to carve pumpkins for great results
New studies of viking age and medieval swords from the collection of the National Museum of Finland
Decorative woodcarving
CAPTURING PERSONALITY IN WOODCARVING
Practical wood-carving projects
Carved and painted woodwork by Russian craftsmen : at the Smolensk Museum of Art, History and Architecture
Whittling pencils : projects & techniques
Carving masks : tribal, ethnic & folk projects
Letters for the millennium : why we cut letters in stone
Decorative woodcarving : accessories for the home / Frederick Wilburn
The art of gun engraving
The art of letter carving in stone
Handcrafted projects for your home : 56 make-it-yourself accessories to personalize your space
Cameos : old & new
Turning natural edge bowls
