http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12012 children's authors
children's authors
Judith Kerr's creatures : my Manx husband always referred to his parents as his creatures, so this title includes not only much-loved animals but also a much-loved family
Kadotettu paratiisi : analyysi Tove Janssonin Muumikirjojen kuvituksesta / suomennos Aulikki Uusitalo = Paradise and paradise lost : an analysis of the illustrations in Tove Jansson's Moominbooks / translation by Britta Michelin
More junior authors
Beyond the wild wood : the world of Kenneth Grahame, author of The Wind in the willows
Sculptor's daughter : a childhood memoir
Children's literature : a very short introduction
The enchanted places : a childhood memory
Stitches : a memoir
Surprised by joy
The moon and I
Windows and words : a look at Canadian children's literature in English
C. S. Lewis : a biography
My Secret Diary
Finnish children's and youth books. 11
Inside Charlie's chocolate factory : the complete story of Willy Wonka, the golden ticket and Roald Dahl's most famous creation
Finnish children's and youth books VIII
Tove Jansson
Summary: To Astrid Lindgren. Queen of doves.
The Osborne Collection of Early Children's Books : a catalogue. Vol. 2, 1476-1910
The story of Beatrix Potter
Hans Christian Andersen : the story of his life and work 1805-75
My secret diary : dating, dancing, dreams and dilemmas
The story of Lewis Carroll
Jacky Daydream : [the story of her childhood]
The world of children's literature
Yesterday's authors of books for children 2 : facts and pictures about authors and illustrators for young people from early times to 1960
Behind the story : children's book authors in Flanders and the Netherlands
Storyteller : the life of Roald Dahl
The Everything guide to writing children's books : how to write, publish, and promote books for children of all ages!
English children's books 1600 to 1900
Monsters under the bed : critically investigating early years writing
The Continuum encyclopedia of children's literature
The Magic years of Beatrix Potter
My dear Noel : the story of a letter from Beatrix Potter
Twentieth-century children's writers
The busy, busy world of Richard Scarry
Stitches : a memoir..
Lewis Carroll : a biography
Finnish children's and youth books. 8
Mark Twain and his world
TWENTIETH-CENTURY CHILDREN'S WRITERS
Enid Blyton
Tove Janssonin maailma = The world of Tove Jansson's fiction / translation Heli Mäntyranta
The IBBY Finland Honour List
Finnish children's and youth books. X
Beyond the world of Pooh : selections from the memoirs of Christopher Milne
Introducing children's literature : from Romanticism to Postmodernism
Tellers of tales : children's books and their authors from 1800 to 1964
Beatrix Potter to Harry Potter : portraits of children's writers
C. S. Lewis : a life
The junior book of authors
Tove Jansson : work and love
Edward Lear : the life of a wanderer
Kingdom of the Wicked
The who's who of children's literature
Toven lukijoiden valitut palat (Ajatuksia kirjailija Tove Janssonin tuotannosta; kirjoittajat: Kaarina Helakisa... et al.) = Reader's digest of Tove's books (Thoughts about writer Tove Jansson's fiction: Kaarina Helakisa... et al.)
Finnish children's and youth books. VIII
The art of Babar : the work of Jean and Laurent de Brunhoff
Profession : painter
Yesterday's authors of books for children : facts and pictures about authors and illustrators of books for young people from early times to 1960. Volume 1
Inventing wonderland : the lives of Lewis Carroll, Edward Lear, J. M. Barrie, Kenneth Grahame and A. A. Milne
Beatrix Potter : artist, storyteller and countrywoman
Bears & forebears : a life so far
Inventing Wonderland : the lives and fantasies of Lewis Carroll, Edward Lear, J. M. Barrie, Kenneth Grahame and A. A. Milne
To the memory of childhood
Jacky Daydream
Children's prize books : an international listing of 193 children's literature prizes : ein internationales Verzeichnis von 193 Kinderbuchpreisen = Ouvrages pour enfants dotés d'un prix littéraire : un répertoire international comprenant 193 prix = Preisgekrönte Kinderbücher
The enchanted places
Finnish children's and youth books 8
Hide-and-seek with angels : a life of J. M. Barrie
Christopher Grahame, the twenty-first century's premier children's author, finds himself torn between reality and the fantasy realm he dreamt as a boy.
Hannele Huovi's rich career in children's literature
H. C. Andersen prize nominees 2012 : stories full of humour and original personalities
Beatrix Potter : her inner world
The art of Maurice Sendak
Introduction : Mrs Pepperpot revisited
The Oxford companion to children's literature
Kingdom of the wicked
Beatrix Potter : artist & illustrator
Where was Wonderland? : a traveller's guide to the settings of classic children's books
H. C. Andersen i Europas spejl = Hans Christian Andersen through the European looking glass
Making mischief : A Maurice Sendak appreciation
The trouble begins at 8 : a life of Mark Twain in the wild, wild West
Tove Jansson : life, art, words : the authorised biography / Boel Westin ; translated by Silvester Mazzarella
Third book of junior authors
Diary, 1901-1969
Tove Jansson -konferenssi 7.-10.8.1994 : konferenssiesitelmien tiivistelmät = Tove Jansson-konfrensen 7-10 augusti 1994 : sammandragen av föreläsningarna The Work of Tove Jansson Conference August 7 to 10, 1994 : the abstracts of the conference papers
J. K. Rowling : a biography
Books can be deceiving : a library lover's mystery
On a magic carpet : Irmelin Sandman Lilius interviewed by Tuva Korsström
One fairy story too many : the brothers Grimm and their tales
Memorable characters in illustrated children's literature
C. S. Lewis : the boy who chronicled Narnia
Who next ...? : a guide to children's authors
Astrid Lindgren : a critical study
Enid Blyton : the biography
The Osborne Collection of Early Children's Books : a catalogue. Vol. 1, 1566-1910 : Prep. with additional corr
Finland's nominees on the IBBY honour list 2006.
Dromkeen : a journey into children's literature
Hans Christian Andersen : 1805 - 1875 - 1975 : [special issue of Danish journal commemorating the 100th anniversary of Danish writer Hans Christian Andersen's death on August 4, 1875]
The tale of Mrs William Heelis - Beatrix Potter
