http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12051 vocational teacher training
vocational teacher training
Abstract.
Towards equity and self-discovery in teacher  education : development of pedagogical thinking among 2nd and 3rd  career vocational teacher students
Work-related teaching and learning : a guide for teachers and practitioners
Working with identities - promoting student teachers' professional development
Practitioner research as part of professional development in initial teacher education
Student perspectives on vocational teacher education in the English program : with an epilogue on the counselors' perspective by Leena Härkäpää & Riitta Larna
Vocational education and training in Denmark : short description
The Bolashak fellowship program : in HAMK University of Applied Sciences, Finland 2013-2014
A study on the promotion of adults' oral English communication and teacher development in liberal and tertiary education
Integrating theory and practice in vocational teacher education
Grasping the fine gains of collaboration in multifaceted counselling encounters
VET teachers for the future : professional development certificate programme : cohort 1 in Häme University of Applied Sciences (HAMK) & Tampere University of Applied Sciences (TAMK) Finland = Professores para o Futuro!
Critical learning incidents and use as a learning method : a comparison of Finnish and British nurse student teachers
Dynamic dialogue in learning and teaching : towards transformation in vocational teacher education
The potential of design patterns for vocational teacher education in Finland
The concept of orientation in teachers' thinking and practices in business education
Teachers and trainers in vocational training. Vol. 1, Germany, Spain, France and the United Kingdom
Quality enhancement in teacher education : Tanzanian teacher educators' conceptions and experiences
Low-educated second language and literacy acquisition : proceedings of the 8th symposium
Continuing vocational training in Finland : description of continuing vocational training in Finland prepared for the Force programme of the European Union
Self evaluation and portfolio development in beginning teachers' learning process
Podcasts and videos produced with the help of social media tools in the web-based teacher education program
Professional development : the experiences of primary school teachers in Tanzania
PROFF - professionalisation of VET teachers for the future
Modernising vocational education and training : fourth report on vocational training research in Europe : background report. Vol. 2
Achieving competence, success and excellence in teaching
Teachers and trainers in vocational education and training. Vol. 4, Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway and Sweden
Learning and teaching oral communication in English in vocational school : learners' and teachers' views
Guide for the implementation of vocational teachers' work placement periods
Summary (s. 5-7).
The Bolashak Fellowship program in HAMK University of Applied Sciences, Finland 2013-2014
Vocational education and training in Hungary : short description
Teachers and trainers in vocational training. Vol. 2, Italy, Ireland and Portugal
Levels of autonomy and responsiblities of teachers in Europe
Educating teachers in the PISA paradise : perspectives on teacher education at a Finnish university
Developing an online collaborative approach to global education in vocational contexts
Vocational teacher education : some theoretical perspectives
Dialogical mentoring in the supervising of student teachers' practice
Competence-based education refers to the integration of knowledge,  skills, attitudes and interactivity as the intended outcomes of learning. It  makes use of lifelong learning and lifelike tasks in realistic settings and  requires the cooperation of teachers. This research was prompted by the  desire to explain why collegial cooperation often seems to be problematic  in schools and universities. Are there certain social structures or  behavioural patterns that influence the cooperative culture in teacher  communities? The research material was collected in 2013 and 2014 in  Oulu, Finland. The target groups were both newly qualified and experienced  vocational teachers at all educational levels (N=30). The data collection  methods were open questions in interviews and questionnaires.  The research approach and analysis methods were qualitative. The theoretical  background is in humanistic-cognitive and experiential learning  as well as in dynamic epistemic conceptions. The findings show that the  prevailing model in teacher communities is individualistic, disciplinedivided  and course-based, especially among older teachers. The obstacles  refer to teachers' self-image and a deeply rooted fear of criticism  or revelation of incompetence. The promoters of cooperation were connected  to the changing practices and desire of sharing with colleagues.
Teacher professional learning in an age of compliance : mind the gap
Abstract: Follow-up and evaluation of the teacher education development programme 2005.
VET teachers for the future : professional development certificate programme : cohort 1 in Häme University of Applied Sciences (HAMK) & Tampere University of Applied Sciences (TAMK) Finland
Competence framework for VET professions : handbook for practitioners
Vocational teachers in the face of major educational reform: Individual ways of  negotiating professional identities.
Practical skills, education and development : Vocational education and training in Finland
Teachers as educators in Finnish vocational education : teachers and working life
Vocational education aims to prepare competent workforce for the needs of continuously changing work life. A competent employee does not only carry out routine tasks but is also required to have the ability to act in the communities of practice in his field and develop his way of working. The challenge of Finnish school-based vocational education has been in creating such learning environments that promote learning professional knowledge demanded by work life. The challenge has required vocational teachers to develop their competences in collaboration with employers. The research covers the role of Finnish vocational teachers' authentic work placement periods in developing competences from the viewpoint of sociocultural learning. During the work placement period, a teacher furthers his or her competences by working in goal-oriented and planned ways in the work communities of enterprises or in the public sector of their fields. The purpose of the present qualitative case study is to increase the understanding of the role of authentic work placement periods in vocational teachers' competence. Experiences of teachers representing different subjects were studied during their work placement periods. The results show that work placement period supports the development of teachers' competences and provides prerequisites for work-based vocational education.
In-service teachers' learning through integrating theory and practice
Vocational teachers' professional agency in the stream of change
Teacher education policy : some issues arising from research and practice : ed. by Rob McBride
Vocational education and training in Poland : short description
Mentor and working environment in support of vocational student   teachers' professional development
The paradoxes of action learning : an interpretive and critical inquiry into vocational educators' professional development
Teachers' life-cycle from initial teacher education to experienced professional : ATEE 2011 annual conference proceedings
Working out change : systemic innovation in vocational education and training
Student perspectives on vocational teacher education in the English program : – With an  epilogue on the  counselors’ Perspective  by  Leena  Härkäpää & Riitta  Larna
Teacher education as a promoter of innovative learning in vocational institutions
Points of departure : some European dimensions in teacher education
Practical skills, education and development : vocational education and training in Finland
Professional development among educators pursuing a B.Ed. program in special education in Tanzania : a study of motives and perceived outcomes
Blended learning design in vocational teacher education
Boundary crossings in vocational teacher education
Students' perceptions of highly interactive, reflective and process oriented eLearning courses
Mentoring has emerged as an essential and effective process for developing teacher practice. The holistic student-centred guidance model is utilised to define the mentors' roles and inputs in the teacher practice mentoring process. The purpose of this article is to describe mentors' perceptions of mentoring teacher students in teacher practice at the School of Vocational Teacher Education in Oulu, Finland. The material for the development project was collected by conducting an inquiry at the beginning of mentors' guidance training. The study participants included 21 mentors from different vocational schools. In the mentoring process, the interaction and cooperation between mentor and mentee plays an essential role. Mentors' perceptions of their role in mentoring focus mainly on educational guidance and personal guidance. According to the findings, more attention could be focused on mentoring teacher students' vocational development during teacher practice. The results can be used in developing the mentors' guidance training.
Issues of human caring and cultural awareness in vocational teacher education
Leonardo da Vinci projects supporting the changing role VET teachers and trainers : valorisation project The changing role of VET teachers and trainers
Contemporary issues of occupational education in Finland
Student perspectives on vocational teacher education in the English program
Individual guidance and communal experience : mentoring in support of student teachers' professional development
Vocational teacher education in Finland : towards broad-based teaching
Between school and work : new perspectives on transfer and boundary-crossing
Why in-service teachers left their employment and pursued master's studies at a Finnish university
Counternarratives : studies of teacher education and becoming and being a teacher
What should a student know?
Towards vocational top expertise
Vocational teachers' conceptions on learning, knowing and self-assessment
Mentors' perceptions of teacher practice : a  case study of the School of Vocational Teacher Education
Widening perspectives of teacher education : studies on theory-practice relationship, reflection, research and professional development
Summary.
Teachers and trainers in vocational education and training. Vol. 3, Austria, Belgium, Greece, Luxembourg and the Netherlands
Towards Competence-based Practices in Vocational  Education : What Will the Process Require from  Teacher Education and Teacher Identities?
VET in Finland : Leonardo da Vinci: promoting development and cooperation in vocational education and training
New directions for vocational education : a state model
Teachers' professional development : Europe in international comparison : an analysis of teachers' professional development based on the OECD's Teaching and Learning International Survey (TALIS)
Seeking New Perspectives on the Development of Teacher Education   A Study of the Finnish Context
Towards Well-Being at School with Integrative Pedagogy
Social media and new educational models in teacher education
Teacher educators amid conflicting demands : tensions between individual and organizational development
Pedagogical leadership to support new teachers' growth
Informal within formal learning in vocational education
