http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12011 cranes (lifting devices)
cranes (lifting devices)
Covers, cranes and lashings for Iranian tweendeckers
Feeder series boosts NYK services
Booming bulker market boosts crane orderbrook
Trolley R&D project for a small portal log yard crane
Nostolavat = Lifting platforms. Osa 2 = Part 2.
Barge cranes handle Thai transhipments
What can a crane pick up?
Hamina is a focal point for freight traffic in the new Europe
400-tonne offsore crane raises the bar with 20m single-line outreach
Demand for harbour cranes growing dramatically wordwide
IRISL outfits range of tonnage types
Eco-ships call for clean lifts
After sales services are crucial to crane availability
Crane orderbook from continues
Covers and cranes for Cube's Indonesian commitments
Another record orderbook for cranes
Transhipment opens up Orinoco traffic
Study verifies VFD crane benefits
Specialist bulk carriers use K-type cranes
Design and Simulation of Tail Lifts for Truck
The crane company : leading crane technology for applications all around the world
Rising to the occasion
First "new look" heavy-lift cranes in Japan
Chinese designers are keen to handle MacGregor hardware
Largest contract comprises cranes for 26 container carriers
Heavy duty cycles handled with ease
Heavy equipment : the world's largest machinery
Efficiency analysis of crane systems optimization
Support for all cranes
More cranes and covers for Iranian fedder series
Welding development of crane main girder
Lift crane tool for Combo module
Chinese projects boost deck crane business
Nosturit : turvallisuus : irrotettavat nostoapuvälineet : standardi = Cranes : safety : non-fixed load lifting attachments
Iran invests in diverse cargo tonnage
Computer control cuts crane cycle time
Electric cranes and hatch cover flexibility anhance efficiency
Mussalo conveyor fills hold optimally
Diggers and cranes
Deepwater liftsystem eliminates the need for larger and more complex cranes
Scandinavian equipment competes well in global market
The first newbuilding STS to Mussalo
Attention grabbers
Crane anti-swing control methods : active control versus swing-preventing crossing ropes
Crane innovation gets to the bottom of the deepwater challenge
Crane upgrades increase profitability
Crane modernization with programable logic controller
Prognostics for industrial machinery availability : final seminar Espoo 12.12.2006
Erikkila oy : the first 100 years
450 tonnes lifted under total control
Building bulk at Bristol
New GLH crane handles its first heavy lift
Concentrated experience prepares crane operators for reality
Compliance of crane electrics with electrical safety standards and codes
Chinese-built cranes exported to Japan
Perfectly packaged for the cold
Nosturit = Cranes. Osa 3, Tuotestandardit I = Product standards I.
Nosturit. Osa 3, Tuotestandardit. 1 = Cranes. Part 3, Product standards. 1.
Cranes reach out to meet demand
Novel force control methods in a teleoperation system of a hydraulic slider
Design of Dedicated Elevator for 4S Shop Car Maintenance
Grieg's new series has reduced energy consumption and increased flexibility
This thesis is based on electric drives with various control parameters and how it's used in lifting/hoisting applications. However a series of tests were carried out in the laboratory to know the necessary operating parameters in electric drives used in lifting applications. An important task was to determine the actual operating frequency applied to each motors without failing the load, as well as the maximum allowable mass that each electric motors can lift without failure. Information has been collected working on an experimental crane in the Hamk Laboratory and making series of test with different loads and drive parameters like speeds, torques, output voltages, and output frequencies and so on. The motor type used in these applications was a three phase AC motor in which the driving torque is generated by the interaction of the sinusoidally distributed air gap flux and induced rotor currents. As a result a recommendation is given for parameters such as: Parameter 2001 “MINIMUM SPEED”, Parameter 2002 “MAXIMUM SPEED”, Parameter 2204 “RAMP SHAPE1”, Parameter 2202 “ACCELERATION TIME 1”, Parameter 1404 “RO 1 ON DELAY” used in lifting and hoisting applications.
Nosturit. Osa 3, Tuotestandardit I = Cranes. Part 3, Product standards I.
Creaky Cranky
New crane control features enable faster, safer and closer lifts
K4 crane is designed to handle demanding transloading duties
A Baltic Sea reliance on ships and rubber wheeled vehicles
The purpose of this thesis was to carry out research on different methods used in crane anti-swing control. Besides, based on the study, a real model of an anti-swing control method was also designed and developed from an old lifting system that located in the Laboratory of Automation at HAMK University of Applied Sciences.      In order to fulfill the thesis objective, procedure like researching, designing and programming is essential, as well as knowledge gained from different courses in Mechatronics, Production Systems and other compulsory courses. Skill in using different software in designing and programming process such as ProE 5.0, AutoCAD, Mathcad, and DriveWindow Light 2 is also shown in this thesis.  As a result, all the required parts are carefully designed and manufactured. Programs for driving the ACS350 drives were also made and tested thoroughly. However, limitations that will affect the result were also expected and solutions like adding sensors or integrating PLC were taken into consideration. Overall, the project could be classified as a success.
Special operations call for more MacGregor offshore cranes
Crane production centred in China
Jeopardising ship safety
Onega seals adopted in fleet modernisation
Hatch crane safety
Feeder ships flow from Keelung yard
Specific operational demands drive innovstive solutions
Studies on fatigue damage in a hydraulically driven boom system using virtual prototype simulations
Fully geared for any type of bulk handling
750 years of harbour cranes in Antwerp
Nosturit = Cranes. Osa 5, Tuotestandardit III = Product standards III
Market study and entry modes - Vietnam : case Konecranes (Shanghai) company ltd
Case study on intermediate technology in forest harvesting : agricultural tractor and forest trailer with mechanical crane : Ethiopia
Container cranes will serve Vietnamese ports
Where do diggers sleep at night?
Finns strong in crane expertise
On the building site
Case survey of supplier relationships
Quality products to consistent standards
Nonlinear model predictive control of a hydraulic forestry crane
Szczecin contracts confirm Europe's continued shipbuilding presence
Improving dynamic characteristics of open-loop controlled log crane
Hose-handling crane orders reach record levels
Daewoo orders boost hose-handling crane sales
An illustrated history of cranes
Crane sales keep pace with worldwide demand
Heavy plant in color
Design of hydraulic-free deck crane for a bulk carrier-type of ship
A fleet for the future needs modern equipment that lasts a lifetime
Anti-sway algorithm and its implementation for industrial overhead and gantry cranes
The objective of this thesis was to map and examine the satisfaction of Konecranes` suppliers with the co-operation between the companies and how smooth it is. This was conducted with a survey to evaluate the general state of supplier satisfaction and also possible areas for improvement. The survey was executed by using Webropol, an online survey and analysis software. A link to participate in the survey was sent to the selected suppliers via e-mail. A total of 60 companies received the invitation resulting with 35 answers. The theory of this thesis discusses companies` procurement in general and supplier relationships and its components as a part of supply chain management. A company presentation is also included in the theory part of this thesis. The results of the survey indicate that the suppliers are mainly very satisfied with Konecranes as a business partner and see a continuity for the co-operation also in the future. The improvement ideas concerned even more smooth information flow and earlier supplier involvement in new product developments. This survey was a first of its kind due to which there were not previous results for comparison.
Dedicated to marine shipboard cranes
RMG-Carrier HD86-7, operation and overhaul manual (mechanics and hydraulics)
Streamlined documentation improves service support
Taking the swing out of cargo handling
The modeling and actuator space control of flexible hydraulic cranes
Record orderbook for hose-handling and general service cranes
Navy can transfer containers in Sea State 3.
Orders grow for new bulk carrier crane
Series of tests with different control parameters in electric drives used in lifting/hoisting applications
Germanischer Lloyd gives new twistlock seal of approval
Nosturit = Cranes. Osa 3 = Part 3 : Tuotestandardit I = Product standards I
Cranes and hatch covers serve STX pulp carrier series
Impact of branding on B2B customers' willingness to pay for technological industrial products
An intelligence and data collection of the Ocean Heavy Lift field
Joint effort reduces risk in subsea lifting operations
Introduction to container handling systems / : theory and practice of container handling
Agreement strengthens Kawasaki's service support
Orders received for new bulk carrier crane
Cranes customised for largest geared container ships
Proactive crane partnerships are profitable
Nosturit = Cranes. Osa 4, Tuotestandardit II = Product standards II
Tiivistelmä: Vietnamin markkinatutkimus - case Konecranes (Shanghai) company ltd..
KCI Konecranes : tailor-made lifting solutions from Goliath Gantry cranes to onboard hoists
