http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1209 trade routes
trade routes
In 1271, 17-year-old Marco Polo started on a journey to China with his father and older brother. After a long and grueling journey that led through Jerusalem and Mesopotamia and over the "Silk Road", they reached the court of Kublai Khan in 1275. In The Voyages of Marco Polo, players recreate this journey, with each player having a different character and special power in the game
Production and trade of Etrurian terra sigillata pottery in Roman Etruria and beyond between c. 50 BCE and c. 150 CE
Problems in African history
Abstract.
The story of silk
Highlights in the history of exploration and trade in China
The liberalization process in Europe : market entry barriers versus competition stimulation : cases of Germany and Hungary
The tea road : China and Russia meet across the steppe
New Mexico's royal road : trade and travel on the Chihuahua Trail
Market entry strategies and confronted barriers on liberalized railway freight markets in Sweden and Poland
Myos Hormos - Quseir al-Quadim : Roman and Islamic ports on the Red Sea. Vol. 1, Survey and excavations 1999-2003
Silk roads and China ships
Himalayan nature : representations and reality
Picturing Cathay : maritime and cultural images of the China trade
The silk roads : a new history of the world
The Silk Road in world history
Myos Hormos - Quseir al-Quadim : Roman and Islamic ports on the Red Sea. Vol. 2, Finds from the excavations 1999-2003
The Balts
Frankincense : Oman's gift to the world
When China ruled the seas : the treasure fleet of the Dragon Throne 1405-1433
Life on the underground railroad
Early Roman trade with South India
Story of the Silk Road
Reconfiguring The Silk Road : new research on East-West exchange in antiquity
The travels
Vikings : the North Atlantic saga
The ancient amber routs and the geographical discovery of the Eastern Baltic
Rome beyond the imperial frontiers
The Silk Road : a new history
Out of the East : spices and the medieval imagination
Silkkitiellä = Vid sidenvägen = On the silk road
Principles of marketing channel management : interorganizational distribution design and relations
Changji, border state of wonders on the Silk Road
"This study of early transnational relations explores the routine interaction of people across the boundaries of empires, tribal confederacies, kingdoms, and city-states. It examines obstacles voyagers faced, relatively poor geographical knowledge, and dangers of a fragmented and shifting political landscape, and reveals the important political, economic, and cultural role cross-border trade and travel played in ancient society"--Provided by publisher.
Paper comes to the North : sources and trade routes of paper in the Baltic Sea region 1350-1700 : a study based on watermark research
Trade and trade routes in ancient India
The economy of Renaissance Florence
Monks and merchants : Silk Road treasures from Northwest China, Gansu and Ningxia, 4th-7th century
The spice route : a history
This book tells the story of an African world that grew out of more than one thousand years of trans-Saharan trade linking the Mediterranean lands of North Africa with the internal Sudanic grasslands stretching from the Nile River to the Atlantic Ocean. It traces the early role of the Sahara, the globe's largest desert, as a divider that separated these two regions into very different worlds. During the heyday of camel caravan traffic--from the eighth-century CE Arab invasions of North Africa to the early-twentieth-century building of European colonial railroads that linked the Sudan with the Atlantic--the Sahara became one of the world's great commercial highways. The most enduring impact of this trade and the common cultural reference point of trans-Saharan Africa was Islam. This faith played various roles throughout the region, as a legal system for regulating trade, an inspiration for reformist religious-political movements, and a vehicle of literacy and cosmopolitan knowledge that inspired creativity--often of a very unorthodox kind--within the various ethno-linguistic communities of the region. From the mid-1400s, European voyages to the coast of West and Central Africa provided an alternative international trade route that marginalized trans-Saharan commerce in global terms but stimulated its accelerated local growth. Inland territorial conquest by France and Britain in the 1800s and early 1900s brought more serious disruptions. Trans-Saharan culture, however, not only adapted to these colonial and postcolonial changes but often thrived upon them to remain a living force well into the twenty-first century.
Swedish aspirations and the Russian market during the 17th century
Business Briefing : Global Purchasing and Supply Chain Management
Pan-European cultural corridors : itineraries on ancient trade routes
Foreign devils on the Silk Road : the search for the lost cities and treasures of Chinese Central Asia
Footprints of foreign explorers on the Silk Road
Global human trafficking : critical issues and contexts
The Silk Road : trade, travel, war and faith
Historical atlas of exploration 1492-1600
Who captures value in global supply chains? : case Nokia N95 smartphone
The thesis explores the way small and independent hotels in Helsinki region utilise and manage their distribution channels through the Internet. It focuses on the problems of selection, management, evaluation and development of these distribution channels, and strives to bring implications to managers in the hotel industry.   The Internet and its application in marketing is a contemporary subject of interest in many fields of study, and the hotel industry is no exception. Nevertheless, distribution in small and independent hotels is considerably different from large accommodation businesses, and tends to receive less attention in research. In addition to the need to conduct research on the subject, the personal interest due to recent work experience in online marketing were motivations for the completion of this thesis.  Methodology used for this research was a multiple case study using interviews, due to its qualitative nature. Four small and independent hotels in the Helsinki region were chosen to provide sufficient data for further analysis. However, due to the limited amount of time to complete the thesis in time, all interviews were conducted within two weeks.   Results showed that small and independent hotels in Helsinki region are inclined to using indirect channels, which may be increasing costs in commissions and fees. Channel management would also need further evaluation and development to provide efficiency in distribution for small and independent hotels.
Agricultural and pastoral societies in ancient and classical history
The Silk Road : a very short introduction
The human perspective : readings in world civilization. Vol. 1, The ancient world to the early modern era
Premodern trade in world history
The Silk Road : two thousand years in the heart of Asia
Transnationalism in ancient and medieval societies : the role of cross-border trade and travel
China's southwestern silk road
Adjustment of mode of operations on the German market : case: MammuttiHirsi
Sailing in the Aegean : readings on the economy and trade routes
The Byzantine economy
Expedition Silk Road : journey to the West : treasures from the Hermitage
The Silk road
The eastern route : Finland in the Viking Age
Richard A. Goldthwaite, a leading economic historian of the Italian Renaissance, has spent his career studying the Florentine economy. In this magisterial work, Goldthwaite brings together a lifetime of research and insight on the subject, clarifying and explaining the complex workings of Florence's commercial, banking, and artisan sectors.Florence was one of the most industrialized cities in medieval Europe, thanks to its thriving textile industries. The importation of raw materials and the exportation of finished cloth necessitated the creation of commercial and banking practices that extended far beyond Florence's boundaries. Part I situates Florence within this wider international context and describes the commercial and banking networks through which the city's merchant-bankers operated. Part II focuses on the urban economy of Florence itself, including various industries, merchants, artisans, and investors. It also evaluates the role of government in the economy, the relationship of the urban economy to the region, and the distribution of wealth throughout the society.While political, social, and cultural histories of Florence abound, none focuses solely on the economic history of the city. "The Economy of Renaissance Florence" offers both a systematic description of the city's major economic activities and a comprehensive overview of its economic development from the late Middle Ages through the Renaissance to 1600.
Global interactions in the early modern age, 1400-1800
Evaluation of Bachelor's level education at the Aalto Mikkeli Campus : alumni survey in cooperation with SEFE
Nomads, traders and holy men along China's silk road : papers presented at a symposium held at the Asia Society in New York, November 9-10, 2001
The silk road saga
Shrinkage : introducing a collaborative approach to reducing stock loss in the supply chain
Developments in export marketing
The silk road : trade, travel, war and faith
Asian trade routes
Precious metals and commerce : the Dutch East India Company in the Indian Ocean trade
Britain and the western seaways
The ancient amber routes : travels from Rīga to Byzantium
Old routes of western Īrān
The silk roads : a route and planning guide
The Silk Roads of Sanzō-hōshi · Xuanzang : the climate and his foot-steps : the Silk Roads Nara International Symposium '97, record no. 4
International industrial purchasing : channels, interaction, and governance structures
Voyages of Marco Polo
The journey of maps and images on the Silk Road
On trans-Saharan trails : Islamic law, trade networks, and cross-cultural exchange in nineteenth-century Western Africa
Mapping the Silk Road and beyond : 2,000 years of exploring the East
Traces of the Central Asian culture in the North : Finnish-Soviet joint scientific symposium held in Hanasaari, Espoo 14-21 January 1985
Electronic channels for small and independent hotels in Helsinki region
"Interdisciplinary introduction to cross-cultural encounters in the early modern age (1400-1800) and their influences on the development of world societies. In the aftermath of Mongol expansion across Eurasia, the unprecedented rise of imperial states in the early modern period set in motion interactions between people from around the world. These included new commercial networks, large-scale migration streams, global biological exchanges, and transfers of knowledge across oceans and continents. These in turn wove together the major regions of the world. In an age of extensive cultural, political, military, and economic contact, a host of individuals, companies, tribes, states, and empires were in competition. Yet they also cooperated with one another, leading ultimately to the integration of global space"--Provided by publisher.
Sogdian traders : a history
The silk roads : highways of culture and commerce
Finding a distributor in the German markets: a case study
Ports of call deluxe : PC DVD-ROM
Silk, scents & spice : tracing the world's great trade routes : the silk, the spice route, the incense trail
Silk road : monks, warriors & merchants on the Silk Road
Trade routes and pilgrimage trails as a factor of integration : sanctuaries and cult
During the heyday of camel caravan traffic--from the eighth century CE arrival of Islam in North Africa to the early twentieth-century building of European colonial railroads that linked the Sudan with the Atlantic--the Sahara was one of the world's great commercial highways, bringing gold, slaves, and other commodities northward and sending both manufactured goods and Mediterranean culture southward into the Sudan. Historian Ralph A. Austen here tells the remarkable story of an African world that grew out of more than one thousand years of trans-Saharan trading. Perhaps the most enduring impact of this trade and the common cultural reference point of trans-Saharan Africa was Islam. Austen traces this faith in its various forms--as a legal system for regulating trade, an inspiration for reformist movements, and a vehicle of literacy and cosmopolitan knowledge. He also analyzes the impact of European overseas expansion, which marginalized trans-Saharan commerce in global terms but stimulated its local growth. Indeed, trans-Saharan culture not only adapted to colonial changes, but often thrived upon them, remaining a potent force into the twenty-first century.
Who captures value in global supply chains? / : case Nokia N95 Smartphone
The silk road : two thousand years in the heart of Asia
International trade and the Armenian merchants in the Seventeenth century
Trade and civilisation in the Indian Ocean : an economic history from the rise of Islam to 1750
International carriage of goods by road : CMR
Significance of silk roads in the history of human civilizations
Trans-Saharan Africa in world history
Aspects of the maritime Silk Road : from the Persian Gulf to the East China Sea
Help, business or piracy? Shipwrecks and salvage auctions as early modern entrepreneurship in the Gulf of Finland
The winds of change : Buddhism and the maritime links of early South Asia
Ports of call deluxe : PC DVD
Trade-routes and commerce of the Roman Empire
E-business logistics, visions, innovations and research : ELO - E-Business Logistics Technology Programme 2002-2005
Power and profit : the merchant in medieval Europe
Ancient India and ancient China : trade and religious exchanges AD 1-600
