http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12005 Aids
Aids acquired immunodeficiency syndrome
Factors affecting the HIV-epidemic and its differences in Sub-Saharan Africa : a summary with some methodological reflections
The married man
Challenging gender issues : report on findings from the Living for tomorrow project about young peopleþs attitudes to men, women and sex
AIDS prevention in Norway : empirical studies on diffusion of knowledge, public opinion, and sexual bahaviour
The circuit of mass communication : media strategies, representation and audience reception in the AIDS crisis
People with AIDS
Handbook of hearing aid amplification. Vol. 1, Theoretical and technical considerations
The politics of HIV/AIDS in Uganda
Thai sexuality in the age of AIDS : essays in memory of Robert Ariss
Essays on economic behaviour : HIV/AIDS, schooling, and inequality
The geography of HIV/AIDS in Portugal
Stopping AIDS : AIDS/HIV education and the mass media in Europe
The normal heart
AIDS education for primary schools : teachers' guide for standards five to eight
Memories that smell like gasoline
Trainspotting
Drug injectors and HIV risk reduction : strategies for protection
HIV/AIDS education in regular and special (deaf) secondary schools in Ghana
Aids and mobility
Best evidence structural interventions for HIV prevention
AIDS : responses, interventions, and care
HIV/AIDS, power and influence in Malawi : the Nyau masquerade
Digital storytelling for HIV and AIDS education in Africa
The person with AIDS : a personal and professional perspective
The church and AIDS in Africa : the politics of ambiguity
A woman's guide to living with HIV infection
The Nyau masquerade : an examination of HIV/AIDS, power and influence in Malawi
Teaching modules for continuing education in human sexuality
This is a concise, practical guide to the real cost of a medical education in the United States and how to finance it. Christine Wiebe covers such topics as how to stay on budget and manage debts, alternative means of finance, and service-repayment plans.
AIDS : cultural analysis, cultural activism
In graphic art format, describes the friendship between two roommates on the MTV show "Real World," one of whom died of AIDS.
AIDS in Latin America
Feline immunology and immunodeficiency
Inclusion in education : some aspects of intension of including students with disabilities and special educational needs to vocational education in Wollo, Ethiopia
information needed to ensure effective use of the individual hearing aid within elderly service: a literature review
Molecular characterization of Mycobacterium tuberculosis complex from Kampala, Uganda
HIV prevention with Latinos : theory, research, and practice
Evaluation of pharyngeal devices for prehospital airway management
Microsporidium in AIDS and HIV-infected patients: a perspective
Future forsaken : abuses against children affected by HIV/AIDS in India
Manual of HIV therapeutics
The night listener
Freddie Mercury : the definitive biography
Dorian : an imitation
Sexually transmitted and other reproductive tract infections : a guide to essential practice
Liberalization and HIV in Kerala
The 20th century plague
Aids [i.e. AIDS] and religious practice in Africa
The progress of nations 2000.
AIDS in Post-Communist Russia and its Successor States
Muses from chaos and ash : AIDS, artists, and art
Diagnosis and management of HIV/AIDS : a clinician's perspective
The report includes country, regional and global estimates for the HIV/AIDS epidemic at the end of 2001. It also describes the evidence, the success stories and the challenges that confront countries and the international communitiy in responding to the epidemic.
All right now : life, death, and life again
Portugal has some geographical similarities with Finland: both are small and rather peripherical countries. However, the infection with the Human Immunodefi ciency Virus (HIV) has different patterns in Portugal from those in Finland. At the beginning of the 21st century, Portugal is in the fi rst place of the infection with the HIV, with an incidence rate of 105.8 cases per one million inhabitants. The main objective of this paper is to present and explain the geographical diffusion of HIV in Portugal at sub-region level with altogether 28 geographical areas. We were able to identify some geographic hot spot areas with SMR signifi cantly higher than 100. Some areas with AIDS mortality rates signifi cantly above the national standardized rates were identifi ed in the metropolitan area of Lisbon. It was found that the urban/rural dichotomy is the most important factor, explaining 47% and 32% of the variance for male and female AIDS mortality, respectively. This factor identifi es a clear opposition between the variables, with a geographical signifi cance.
Amplification for the hearing impaired
Pursuit of an "unparalleled opportunity" : American YMCA and prisoner of war diplomacy among the Central Power nations during World War I, 1914-1923
Despite effective approaches to prevention, STD and HIV infection rates remain fairly constant. Targeting, implementation, and monitoring of interventions have posed widespread problems, and the recent spate of cuts to prevention budgets has made these roadblocks even more challenging. It is clear that working in sexual health requires both a deeper understanding of STI/HIV epidemiology and an ongoing quest for up-to-date, realistic prevention strategies. The New Public Health and STD/HIV Prevention offers readers leading-edge access to both. Focusing on social determinants of sexual health, at-risk populations, critical factors in approaches to prevention, and reviews of new research, this authoritative volume explores areas as varied as HPV prevention, technology-based interventions, migration as a factor in disease transmission, and competencies key to effective leadership in the field. Dispatches from the frontlines of theory, research, and practice in the U.S. and abroad include: Personal risk, public impact: balancing individual rights and STD/HIV prevention. Distribution of prevention resources and its impact on sexual health. Prevention measures in diverse populations of women. Toward a better approach to preventive interventions with men who have sex with men. Adolescent sexual health and STIs. Reducing disparities in sexual health: lessons from the campaign to eliminate infectious syphilis. Public health professionals of all backgrounds interested in or working in improving sexual health will find The New Public Health and STD/HIV Prevention an indispensable guide to conceptualizing the problems and clarifying possible solutions.
Michael Tolliver lives
London international atlas of AIDS
Epidemiology of cryptosporidiosis among European AIDS patients
The pragmatic randomised trial : a simple research design for real-world evaluation of innovation in tuberculosis care
Designed to help the researcher approach the grant application process & develop a competitive & successful application, this text leads the reader through the process step by step, highlighting the important elements.
Thinking AIDS
Information, education and communication (IEC) on 'AIDS' in Uganda
The Discussion Paper provides a compelling critique of the 'new humanitarianism', particularly the ways in which leading donor states seek to incorporate humanitarian assistance and protection into the toolbox of political intervention in other countries. Drawing upon the history of humanitarianism and its origins in an ethos of neutrality, impartiality and non-violence, the author shows how since the end of the Cold War, and increasingly since 9/11, the 'new' form of internationational humanitarianism has become deeply politicised and has taken on human rights, strategic-security, liberal and developmental agendas as defined by donor states. The paper frames the critique of linking R2P to humanitarian protection values in the context of the new humanitarianism and the pursuit of the foreign policies of hegemonic states. It therefore provides a critical perspective on the politics of humanitarian aid in Darfur, and opens up a new basis for an alternative discourse on international humanitarian intervention and its connection with the politics of global powers in African conflict arenas. This paper is an important resource for scholars, civil society activists and policy practitioners with a keen interest in international humanitarian aid, international humanitarian law, conflict, peace and security in Africa.
AIDS : the second decade
HIV transmission through breastfeeding : a review of available evidence
The Fight against AIDS
Regional consultation on revision of the clinical protocols "HIV/AIDS treatment and care" for the WHO European Region : technical report, 7 October 2010, Kiev, Ukraine
AMAS : a multidisciplinary approach to dealing with AIDS
Working at the bar : sex work and health communication in Thailand
AfricaPraying : a handbook on HIV-AIDS sensitive sermon guidelines and liturgy
ABC of AIDS
Morality in practice
Keeping the promise : an agenda for action on women and AIDS
HIV/AIDS treatment in resource poor countries : public health challenges
University students’ attitudes towards HIV/AIDS in Finland and in Kenya
The international epidemiology of disseminated Mycobacterium avium complex infection in AIDS
Statistical analysis and mathematical modelling of AIDS
Male adolescents' knowledge, perceptions and attitudes towards HIV/AIDS prevention : a case study of Elembelle District in Ghana
Confronting AIDS : public priorities in a global epidemic
Human rights protected? : nine Southern African country reports on HIV, AIDS and the law
Bilateral hearing aids for bilaterally hearing-impaired persons : always the best choice?
HIV/AIDS : a very short introduction
Women to women : positively speaking : to raise awareness of the world's women living with HIV/AIDS
Textbook on First Aid and Emergency Nursing
HIV Treatment as Prevention: Primer for Behavior-Based Implementation provides the first practical guide to integrating behavioral prevention with antiretroviral therapies for people living with HIV infection. This brief book discusses the historical and social context embedding the shifting landscape in HIV prevention, where the use of effective treatments have become the focus of HIV prevention. While using treatments for prevention is promising, the history of HIV prevention offers several important pitfalls that must be avoided if HIV treatments are to ultimately succeed in preventing new HIV infections. Lessons learned from the successes and failures of other biomedical technologies used in HIV prevention, specifically syringes, condoms, and HIV testing are critical to the success of using HIV treatments for prevention. HIV Treatment as Prevention: Primer for Behavior-Based Implementation summarizes the scientific evidence for advancing the use of antiretroviral therapies for HIV prevention. The evidence makes clear that HIV treatments can prevent HIV transmission, but will fail if behavioral aspects of treatment and HIV transmission are ignored. Of greatest concern are medication adherence and risks for contracting other sexually transmitted infections. Placing HIV treatment within the context of behavioral interventions for maintaining medication adherence and reducing sexual risk behaviors is therefore essential to the future of HIV prevention. HIV Treatment as Prevention: Primer for Behavior-Based Implementation highlights two pioneering behavioral interventions aimed at maximizing the effects of antiretroviral therapies for preventing HIV transmission. One of the interventions, developed by the Author's research team, is discussed in detail and the intervention manual is included as an Appendix.
The story of British V.A.D. work in the Great War
Product development and international team management : case: European Project Semester, The Visual Demo Kit
Playing with fire
Denying AIDS : conspiracy theories, pseudoscience, and human tragedy
Enzymatic characterization of inhibitors of HIV-1 proteinase : structure-activity and resistance studies
The fast track initiative : an assessment of a public-private partnership process on developing fertilizer value chain in Tanzania
Policing desire : pornography, AIDS and the media
The right price : how to pay for medical school and feel good about it
Graphic texts : literacy enhancing tools in early childhood
SMEs as the unknown stakeholder : entrepreneurship in the political arena
HIV treatments as prevention (TasP) : primer for behavior-based implementation
HIV-1 immune responses induced by natural infection or immunisation
Strategies for selecting and verifying hearing aid fittings
Gender mainstreaming in Hiv/Aids : taking a multisectoral approach
Effective use of hearing devices : a guide for geronoms and caregivers in supporting elderly with dementia in an institutional setting
UNGASS HIV/AIDS country progress report Finland : reporting period : January 2006 - December 2007
Performance Measurement in Humanitarian Logistics
AIDS - it's not over yet
Applying for research funding : getting started and getting funded
Â¿Â¿Â¿Â¿ Â¿ Providing detailed information onÂ structural HIV prevention interventions, this book is intended forÂ health care practitioners and researchersÂ to plan, implement, and evaluate such interventions in their own communities. As defined by the CDC, structural interventionsÂ focus on the physical, social, cultural, political, economic, legal, and/or policy aspects of the environment. Designed to reach a large number of individuals, structural interventions usually occur across entire communities, cities, or countries. Â As a result, the resources required to initiate structural interve.
HIV/AIDS education in secondary schools : a study of government bilingual high schools in Yaoundé, Cameroon
Primary HIV/AIDS care : a practical guide for primary health care personnel in the clinical and supportive care of people with HIV/AIDS
What's going on down there? : answer to questions boys find hard to ask
Vaccination against drug-resistant HIV
HIV and fertility decline in North-Central Namibia 1980-2004
Prison and criminological aspects of the control of transmissible diseases including aids and related health problems in prison : recommendation no. R (93) 6 adopted by the Committee of Ministers of the Council of Europe on 18 October 1993 and explanatory report
The AIDS health crisis : psychological and social interventions
The Deaf way II reader : perspectives from the second international conference on deaf culture
Six billion plus : world population in the twenty-first century
"Thirty years after the identification of the disease that became known as AIDS, humanitarian organizations warn that the fight against HIV/AIDS has slowed, amid a funding shortfall and donor fatigue. In this book, Bjr̜n Lomborg brings together research by world-class specialist authors, a foreword by UNAIDS founding director Peter Piot and perspectives from Nobel Laureates and African civil society leaders to identify the most effective ways to tackle the pandemic across sub-Saharan Africa. There remains an alarming lack of high-quality data evaluating responses to HIV. We still know too little about what works, where and how to replicate our successes. This book offers the first comprehensive attempt by teams of authors to analyze HIV/AIDS policy choices using cost-benefit analysis, across six major topics. This approach provides a provocative fresh look at the best ways to scale up the fight against this killer epidemic"--Provided by publisher.
The slow plague : a geography of the AIDS pandemic
The medical management of AIDS
Male adolescents' knowledge, perceptions and attitudes towards HIV/AIDS prevention : A case study of Elembelle District in Ghana
Reshaping societies : HIV/AIDS and social change : a resource book for planning, programs and policy making
Climate-smart agriculture : possible roles of agricultural universities in a strengthened Norwegian climate change engagement in Africa
Progress report on the global response to the HIV/AIDS epidemic, 2003 : executive summary
The practice of graduate research in hospitality and tourism
Living proof : courage in the face of AIDS
Impossible mourning : HIV/AIDS and visuality after apartheid
Hearing aids : standards, options, and limitations
The new public health and STD/HIV prevention : personal, public and health systems approaches
"You shall be in the future someone that is very powerful" : the experiences of students with HIV/AIDS in rural, post-conflict Uganda
Drama for Life, University of the Witwatersrand, aims "to enhance the capacity of young people, theatre practitioners and their communities to take responsibility for the quality of their lives in the context of HIV and AIDS in Africa. We achieve this through participatory and experiential drama and theatre that is appropriate to current social realities but draws on the rich indigenous knowledge of African communities."Collected here is a representative set of research essays written to facilitate dialogue across disciplines on the role of drama and theatre in HIV/AIDS education, prevention, and rehabilitation.
Characterisation of humoral immune responses to HIV-1 non-structural proteins Nef, Rev and Tat in HIV-1 infected individuals and in immunised animals
The geography of AIDS : origins and cource of an epidemic
Product development and international team managemen : case: European Project Semester, The Visual Demo Kit
Report on the global HIV/AIDS epidemic, July 2002.
Private choices and public health : the AIDS epidemic in an economic perspective
The angel of history : a novel
Report of an International Consultation on AIDS and Human Rights : Geneva, 26-28 July 1989
HIV/AIDS in Europe : moving from death sentence to chronic disease management
AIDS at 30 : a history
Inyandzaleyo! : testimonies from abuse survivors
A simple culture system for time-lapse video recording of bovine embryos
EMTEC earmould handbook
A Philosophical Examination of Social Justice and Child Poverty
The message of the book is straightforward and easy to apply: it derives from the interweaving of long years of field work with a solid theoretical background. The practice advocated presents children with the opportunity to confront contents and situations which are only too often considered inaccessible for them. The abundant examples presented show that when provided with an adequate toolkit composed of graphic texts, children are inherently motivated by the challenges surrounding them and can make the most out of them as valuable learning opportunities. Drawings, icons, photographs, maps and calendars are incorporated into the tool-kit while they are being used in circumstances in which they are required: children appropriate them while exposed to their use and experience their affordances. Children realize how the graphic texts empower their performance. The fact that this toolkit is multimodal (involves several sensory modalities) implies that those for whom language is not the most readily available means of communication and processing are not discriminated against: on the one hand, it facilitates conceptualization and its expression by alternative means, and on the other it supports both the comprehension and production of verbal language.
Aids - a moral issue : the ethical and social aspects
Sexuality matters
Applied drama and theatre as an interdisciplinary field in the context of HIV/AIDS in Africa
New WHO guidelines recommend offering HIV testing and counselling to couples, wherever HIV testing and counselling is available, including in antenatal clinics. For couples where only one partner is HIV positive, the guidelines recommend offering antiretroviral therapy to the HIV positive partner, regardless of his/her own immune status (CD4 count), to reduce the likelihood of HIV transmission to the HIV negative partner. Today, only 40% of people with HIV globally know their HIV status. Up to 50% of HIV-positive people in on-going relationships have HIV-negative partners (i.e. they are in serodiscordant relationships). Of those HIV-positive individuals who know their status, many have not disclosed their HIV status to their partners, nor do they know their partners' HIV status. Consequently, a significant number of new infections occur within serodiscordant couples. CHTC offers couples the opportunity to test, receive their results and mutually disclose their status in an environment where support is provided by a counsellor/health worker. A range of prevention, treatment and support options can then be discussed and decided upon together, depending on the status of each partner. Recent evidence confirms the benefit of early ART for people with a CD4 count above 350 cells/æL in preventing transmission to HIV-negative partners. In order to benefit from such opportunities, couples should be supported to test together and disclose their status to each other and access prevention, care and treatment services.
Teaching modules for basic education in human sexuality
Tell the wolves I'm home : a novel
Cyclodextrins in fast-dissolving drug formulations for intraoral administration
HIV, health, and your community : a guide for action
Sex work and HIV/AIDS : technical update
CD4+ and CD8+ T cell responses in human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1)-infected individuals : T cell responses to HIV-1 regulatory proteins tat and rev
WHO policy on collaborative TB/HIV activities : guidelines for national programmes and other stakeholders
Guide to HIV/AIDS pastoral counselling
Donor schizophrenia and aid effectiveness : the role of global funds
The invisible cure : Africa, the west, and the fight against AIDS
Beyond our means? : the cost of treating HIV/AIDS in the developing world
HIV/AIDS in Sub-Saharan Africa : understanding the implications of culture & context
AIDS : individual, cultural and policy dimensions
Monitoring the stop-aids campaign in Greenland : a study of knowledge, behaviour, and practice among patients at the STD Clinic in Nuuk
Pulmonary tuberculosis and Pneumocystis jiroveci pneumonia in HIV-infected patients in Ethiopia
Medical cooperation between China and Africa started in 1963 when China sent its first medical team to Algeria. With the increase in China's power and the implementation of the going-out strategy, China's policy towards Africa has become a focus of the international community, while for China, South-South cooperation has become more significant. Cooperation in the medical field is a typical element in South-South cooperation and is an important part of China's official development assistance (ODA). It includes Chinese medical teams, the anti-malaria campaign, training African medical personnel, China-supported medications, facilities and hospitals in Africa, and Chinese medical cooperation with WHO and other international institutions in Africa. The dispatch of Chinese medical teams by the government is one of the most enduring and effective forms of cooperation in Africa. This paper studies the medical cooperation between China and Africa, with special emphasis on Chinese medical teams and anti-malaria efforts, especially after the China-Africa Summit in 2006.
Using new Web tools in the primary classroom : a practical guide for enhancing teaching and learning
"From social silence to social science: same-sex sexuality, HIV & AIDS and gender in South Africa presents a unique and innovative effort to examine what we know about homosexual transmission of HIV and AIDS in South Africa. It reverses the trend whereby categories of same sex sexual practice are almost always excluded from research of HIV and AIDS, as well as from care and intervention programmes. The varied contributors (academics, activists and programme planners) draw attention to the risk behaviours and treatment needs of people who engage in homosexual sex, and explain why same-sex sexuality has to be seen as key within South African efforts to study, test and prevent HIV infection. Relevant to scholarly debates about HIV and AIDS, it is also essential reading for anyone involved in research, policymaking, advocacy and community development"--Publisher Website.
E-learning has brought an enormous change to instruction, in terms of both rules and tools. Contemporary education requires diverse and creative uses of media technology to keep students engaged and to keep up with rapid developments in the ways they learn and teachers teach. Media RichInstruction addresses these requirements with up-to-date learning theory and practices that incorporate innovative platforms for information delivery into traditional areas such as learning skills and learner characteristics. Experts in media rich classroom experiences and online instruction delve into the latest findings on student cognitive processes and motivation to learn while offering multimedia classroom strategies geared to specific curriculum areas. Advances such as personal learning environments, gamification, and the Massive Open Online Course are analyzed in the context of their potential for collaborative and transformative learning. And each chapter features key questions and application activities to make coverage especially practical across grade levels and learner populations. Among the topics included: Building successful learning experiences online. Language and literacy, reading and writing. Mathematics teaching and learning with and through education technology. Learning science through experiment and practice. Social studies teaching for learner engagement. The arts and Technology. Connecting school to community. At a time when many are pondering the future of academic standards and student capacity to learn, Media Rich Instruction is a unique source of concrete knowledge and useful ideas for current and future researchers and practitioners in media rich instructional strategies and practices.
The genealogy of a gene : patents, HIV/AIDS, and race
HIV/AIDS as a gender issue : gender violence and the spread of HIV and AIDS in South Africa : review of theory and evidence
Stigma and Shame of HIV/AIDS in the Life Stories of Alpha Group
Set over the course of one night in the waiting room of a psych clinic, The Angel of History follows Yemeni-born poet Jacob as he revisits the events of his life, from his maternal upbringing in an Egyptian whorehouse to his adolescence under the aegis of his wealthy father and his life as a gay Arab man in San Francisco at the height of AIDS. Hovered over by the presence of alluring, sassy Satan who taunts Jacob to remember his painful past and dour, frigid Death who urges him to forget and give up on life, Jacob is also attended to by 14 saints. Set in Cairo and Beirut; Sana'a, Stockholm, and San Francisco; Alameddine gives us a charged philosophical portrait of a brilliant mind in crisis. This is a profound, philosophical and hilariously winning story of the war between memory and oblivion we wrestle with every day of our lives.
Blue pills : a positive love story
Processes affecting the spread of HIV infection in Iceland
The aim of this study was to estimate the development of fertility and the impact of HIV on this development in North-Central Namibia from 1980 to 2004. The main sources of data consisted of parish registers for eight Evangelical Lutheran congregations, the 1992 and 2000 Namibia Demographic and Health Surveys and the 1991 and 2001 population censuses. Developments in fertility were studied using the total fertility rate (TFR), age-speci? c fertility rates (ASFR), and standardized fertility distributions. The results show that fertility declined from 5.0 in 1980-89 to 4.1 in 1990-99 and to 3.5 in 2000-04. Among women in the 25-29 age group and older, fertility declined, while fertility among adolescents increased. Both age at ? rst marriage and premarital fertility increased during the study period. During the 1990s, HIV infection explained 25-29% of the decline in total fertility. If mortality continues to increase as a result of the HIV epidemic while fertility continues to decline, both because of HIV infection and for other societal reasons, the implications for future population growth rates and the countrys demographic structure are pronounced. .
AIDS : society, ethics and law
AIDS : a Christian handbook
The Africa policies of Nordic Countries and erosion of the Nordic aid model : a comparative study
Multi-sensory environments in the classroom provide a wealth of stimulating learning experiences for all young children whose senses are still under development. This highly practical guide to creating and using multi-sensory environments is packed full of ideas for low-cost, easy to assemble multi-sensory environments, accompanied with suggestion for use with clear learning outcomes, also linked to the P levels for children with special educational needs.
Guidance on couples HIV testing and counselling including antiretroviral therapy for treatment and prevention in serodiscordant couples : recommendations for a public health approach
Transportation finance : meeting the funding challenge today, shaping policies for tomorrow : report of the Committee for the Third National Conference on Transportation Finance : Chicago, Illinois, October 27-30, 2002.
Scrambling for Africa : AIDS, expertise, and the rise of American global health science
AIDS and contemporary history
Tentative transgressions : homosexuality, AIDS, and the theater in Brazil
BST-based low temperature co-fired ceramic (LTCC) modules for microwave tunable components
Risk and rationality : effects of contextual risk and cognitive dissonance on (sexual) incentives
Tuberculosis care and control in refugee and displaced populations : an interagency field manual
Humanistic approaches to health care : focus on social work
Readings in the sociology of AIDS
Pedro & me : friendship, loss and what I learned
Infections with HIV-1 and Mycobacterium tuberculosis : the role of HLA class II alleles and HIV-1 phenotypes
The politics of AIDS denialism : South Africa's failure to respond
Changes in survival over time after a first episode of pneumocystis carinii pneumonia for European patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome
Evaluation of new strategies to stimulate neutralizing antibodies against HIV-1
First Aid guide for Football Referees
HIV/AIDS treatment and care : clinical protocols for the WHO European Region
"Who is nursing them? It is us." : neoliberalism, HIV/AIDS, and the occupational health and safety of South African public sector nurses
Covering the plague : AIDS and the American media
Challenges facing AIDS orphans in Nairobi Kibera slums : descriptive study
AIDS and its metaphors
Moving mountains : the race to treat global AIDS
Reproducing traditional discourses of teaching and learning mathematics : studies of mathematics and ICT in teaching and teacher education
The AIDS crisis : a documentary history
Modern nature : the journals of Derek Jarman
Rethink HIV : smarter ways to invest in ending HIV in Sub-Saharan Africa
Investing in development : a practical plan to achieve the Millennium Development Goals : overview
Compendium of key documents relating to human rights and HIV in Eastern and Southern Africa
The human right to health
A world on the move : challenges and opportunities for hiv/aids/tb care and prevention among vulnerable migrant populations in Sweden
It is 1987, and only one person has ever truly understood fourteen-year-old June Elbus -- her uncle, the renowned painter Finn Weiss. Shy at school and distant from her older sister, June can only be herself in Finn's company; he is her godfather, confidant, and best friend. So when he dies, far too young, of a mysterious illness her mother can barely speak about, June's world is turned upside down. But Finn's death brings a surprise acquaintance into June's life -- someone who will help her to heal, and to question what she thinks she knows about Finn, her family, and even her own heart. / Library of Congress.
AIDS and South Africa : the social expression of a pandemic
AIDS, freedom and the moral community of citizens in Southern Africa
The body of this death : historicity and sociality in the time of AIDS
Reproductive health in southern Africa : government policies and changes in sexual and reproductive health and rights : final report
From access to adherence : the challenges of antiretroviral treatment : studies from Botswana, Tanzania and Uganda 2006
The impact of chemical pre-treatments of fibre fractions on paper properties
From advocacy to action : a progress report on UNAIDS at country level
Murderous contagion : a human history of disease
Troubling the angels : women living with HIV/AIDS
The hidden cost of AIDS : the challenge of HIV to development
Functional visual and hearing impairment in a population aged 75 years and older in the City of Kuopio in Finland : associations with mood and activities of daily living
A study to determine first aid knowledge & skills of Jyväskylä Jaguaarit youth American football team on common injuries : a quantitative study
Halfway home : a novel
Aids demo graphics
Access and belonging in the age of viral epidemic : constructing migrants living with HIV/AIDS in the Finnish welfare state
Costs and effectiveness of hearing aid rehabilitation in the elderly
The scientists : a family romance
Hate : a romance
Women and AIDS : psychological perspectives
HIV/AIDS and the security sector in Africa
These policy guidelines on collaborative TB/HIV activities are a compilation of existing WHO recommendations on HIV-related TB. They follow the same framework as the 2004 interim policy document, structuring the activities under three distinct objectives: establishing and strengthening mechanisms for integrated delivery of TB and HIV services; reducing the burden of TB among people living with HIV and initiating early antiretroviral therapy; and reducing the burden of HIV among people with presumptive TB (that is, people with signs and symptoms of TB or with suspected TB) and diagnosed TB.
After Mandela : the battle for the soul of South Africa
Creating multi-sensory environments : practical ideas for teaching and learning
AIDS, sexuality and gender in Africa : collective strategies and struggles in Tanzania ans Zambia
Tell the wolves I'm home: a novel
Compulsory licensing and access to medicines in the TRIPS-compliant world : Anti-HIV drugs in Sub-Sahara Africa
AIDS Africa : continent in crisis
Advances in visual methodology
And the band played on : politics, people, and the AIDS epidemic
Morality, hope and grief : anthropologies of AIDS in Africa
Cancer in Africa : epidemiology and prevention
Workers represented by the trade unions in Europe are government workers and, to a lesser extent, the workers of large enterprises. SMEs as the Unknown Stakeholder investigates how and to what extent the self-employed and micro-enterprise workers can be represented in the social arena. Strong because of their accountability and subject to competition, self-employed and micro-enterprise workers can leverage vis-̉-vis the rest of society to gain leadership and a larger share of the resources that are being diverted from productive sectors to bureaucratic sectors. The authors highlight the need to go beyond this culture and separate the useful from the beautiful, and put forward the suggestion that micro-enterprise and SME representatives should add new scopes to their way of representing their workers.
If a partner has AIDS : guide to clinical intervention for relationships in crisis
The progress of nations 1999.
Ethics & AIDS in Africa : the challenge to our thinking
The blackwater lightship
Towards an HIV and AIDS competent church : an ecumenical handbook for defining HIV and AIDS competency
Aids vaccine blueprint 2006 : actions to strengthen global research and development : executive summary
Toxoplasma pneumonia in a patient with AIDS : [letters to the editor]
Reporting a pandemic : a comparative study of AIDS news coverage in African and European prestige dailies
Chinese medical cooperation in Africa : with special emphasis on the medical teams and anti-malaria campaign
Prime-boost immunization strategies against HIV-1
This book is open access under a CCBY license. This book investigates child poverty from a philosophical perspective. It identifies the injustices of child poverty, relates them to the well-being of children, and discusses who has a moral responsibility to secure social justice for children. .
Basic science in HIV/AIDS : an update
HIV/AIDS as a transnational health care issue : migrants in the European Union
AIDS and the demography of Africa
Progress report on the global response to the HIV/AIDS epidemic, 2003
From social silence to social science : same-sex sexuality, HIV & AIDS and gender in South Africa : conference proceedings
HIV and social work : a practitioner's guide
Mid-term review of the Strategic Development Programme 2006-2011 (SDP2) of the National Smallholder Farmers' Association of Malawi (NASFAM)
Deaf around the world : the impact of language
AIDS in developing countries : cost issues and policy tradeoffs
AIDS : sexual behavior and intravenous drug use
Signs of hope amidst times of challenge : 9th round of national HIV serosurveillance among women attending antenatal care services at health facilities in Swaziland 2004
Multi-stakeholder cooperation in global governance
Social work, health, and international development : compassion in social policy and practice
Media rich instruction : connecting curriculum to all learners
Why humanitarian aid in Darfur is not a practice of the 'Responsibility to Protect'
Clinical assessment and treatment of HIV : rehabilitation of a chronic illness
HIV/AIDS in Latin American countries : the challenges ahead
Human health and forests : a global overview of issues, practice, and policy
Coping with serious illness : a case study of people living with HIV / AIDS in Tanga, Tanzania
