http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12021 harmony (music theory)
harmony (music theory)
How to write songs on keyboards
Chord embellishments : extending the sound of chords with scale harmonizations, chord substitution, and conversion
Tonal harmony : with an introduction to twentieth-century music
Music in theory and practice. Vol. 2
The harmony of Bill Evans. Volume 2
Harmonic ear training
The Oxford school harmony course. Book 1.
Structural functions of harmony
Modern harmonic technique : a full examination of the contemporary techniques of tonal harmony for the arranger and composer. Volume 2, The advanced materials of harmony
The complete book of scales, cadences & arpeggios : in all keys
Harmonics for guitar : the complete guide
Harmonic technique in the rock idiom : the theory & practice of rock harmony
Ear training. Volume 3 : Capturing the basic chord qualities : a comprehensive approach to the systematic study of melodic and harmonic structures in music
Fingerboard harmony for bass : a linear approach for 4-, 5-, and 6-string bass
A concentrated course in traditional harmony : with emphasis on exercises and a minimum of rules. Book 1
All about chords
Modern harmonic technique : a comprehensive survey of basic harmonic and melodic materials for the present-day composer and arranger. Volume 1, The elements of harmony
Harmony in Beethoven
Dominant seventh workout : play-a-long book and 2 CD set for all musicians
Mel Bay's complete book of harmony, theory & voicing
Chord workshop : Complete book for all instrumentalists, pianists, arrangers, songwriters, students, teachers
Comprehensive chord theory for guitar
The Jazz chord / scale handbook
The guitarist's harmony : an elementary textbook on harmony adapted to the guitar
Harmony and melody. Volume 2 : Modulation; Chromatic and modern styles
Chords and progression. Vol. 2
The manual of harmonics of Nicomachus the Pythagorean
Reharmonization techniques
Berklee music theory. Book 2 : Fundamentals of harmony
The goal-note method : jazz improvisation : a comprehensive, programmed guide to jazz theory and improvisation
Learn to harmonize and transpose at the keyboard : beginning level
Keyboard voicings : the complete guide
Structural functions in music
Programed ear training. Volume 4, Chords, part 2
Do-it-yourself musical ear training
Melody & harmony for guitarists
Turnarounds, cycles & II/V7's : For all instruments : Intermediate/advanced
A history of melody
Music for the people : the pleasures and pitfalls of classical music
Handbook of chord substitutions
The chord wheel : the ultimate tool for all musicians
Technique development in fourths for jazz improvisation. / The Ramon Ricker improvisation series
The "real easy" ear training book : a beginning/intermediate guide to hearing the chord changes
Harmony in practice
Practical manual of harmony
A Chromatic approach to jazz harmony and melody
Elementary music theory : for beginners and advanced
Hearin' the changes : dealing with unknown tunes by ear
A concentrated course in traditional harmony : with emphasis on exercises and a minimum of rules. Book I.
Harmony : a study of the practice of the great masters
Modern harmony
The jazz chord/scale handbook : a comprehensive organisational guide to scales and chords found in jazz and contemporary music
Harmony and melody. Volume 1 : The diatonic style
Twentieth century harmony : creative aspects and practice
Harmonic practice in tonal music
The encyclopedia of basic harmony & theory applied to improvisation on all instruments. Volume 1
The encyclopedia of basic harmony & theory applied to improvisation on all instruments. Volume 2
Music theory : a syllabus for teacher and student. Volume 1
Advanced harmony : theory and practice
Harmony & theory : a comprehensive source for all musicians
Harmony in practice : Answer book
Banjo case chord book
Beginning theory for adults : the grown-up approach to music theory
Dominant seventh workout
Harmony in Schubert
A chord in time : the evolution of the augmented sixth from Monteverdi to Mahler
Intermediate jazz chord voicing for keyboard
Jazz guitar soloing : the cellular approach
Moveable chords : a systematic approach to building a comprehensive chord vocabulary
Whether you're a student of music or a music lover, Music Theory For Dummies presents you with essential information on how to read, write, and understand music, as well as helpful hints on composing, arranging, and creating original melodies, harmonies, and chords. Music Theory For Dummies gives you a friendly, unintimidating overview of the material covered in a typical college-level course and makes music theory easy to understand. It includes updated information on current teaching techniques; the newest music examples and genres; information on mastering major and minor scales, using intervals, and recognizing pitches and clefs; the lowdown on rhythms, tempo, dynamics, and navigation; how to transcribe the music you hear and transposing it to other keys; harmonizing and accompanying melodies; composing and arranging for voices and instruments; performing your own music; and much more.
Phrase rhythm on tonal music
Jazz/rock voicings for the contemporary keyboard player
Get plucky with the ukulele : a quick and easy guide to all things uke
Music theory for dummies
A concentrated course in traditional harmony : exercises for advanced students. Book II
Complete keyboard chords
Harmonization at the piano
The Jazz sound : a guide to tune analysis and chord/scale choices for improvisation
A concentrated course in traditional harmony. Book 2, exercises for advanced students
Ear training : a comprehensive approach to the systematic study of melodic and harmonic structures in music. Volume 3, Capturing the basic chord qualities
Dominant seventh workout : for all musicians
Exploring jazz clarinet : an introduction to jazz harmony, technique and improvisation
Harmony and voice leading
The art of modulating for pianists & jazz musicians
The guitar grimoire : chord scale compatibilty
Chord substitution magic : for the advanced organist
Guitar studies : Chords : A comprehensive presentation of chords from basic triads to open voiced harmony.
The art of accompaniment from a thorough-bass as practised in the XVIIth & XVIIIth centuries : Volume II
Mel Bay's modern guitar method. Grade 6
Guitar chords for dummies
Chromatic harmony
Theory of harmony
Line games : an in-depth study of single-note lines for guitar
A chord guide to pop music
Twentieth-century harmony : creative aspects and practice
The II-V7-I progression
Challenge to musical tradition : a new concept of tonality
The musician's guide to reading & writing music
Elementary harmony
The encyclopedia of basic harmony & theory applied to improvisation on all instruments. Volume 3
Music theory through improvisation
Creative chordal harmony for guitar : using generic modality compression
Contemporary harmony : romanticism through the twelve-tone row
The jazz workbook : C edition. Volume 1, C-edition
Elementary Harmony
Crash course in chords
Theory and analysis of classic heavy metal harmony
Theory of Harmony
Melody : how to write great tunes
Harmony
The Jazz singer's guidebook : A course in jazz harmony and scat singing for the serious jazz vocalist
Voicings for jazz keyboard : a comprehensive approach to contemporary keyboard voicings for the performer, arranger, teacher, jazz theorist
Music theory : a pocket reference guide for all musicians
Jazz harmony [3rd ed.]
The complete idiot's guide to solos and improvisation
Chord progressions : theory and practice : everything you need to create and use chords in every key : for pianists
The dissolution of the functional harmonic tonal system : 1850-1910
The Oxford school harmony course. Book 2.
Guide to the practical study of harmony
Harmony : structure and style
Harmony in its systemic and phenomenological aspects
Berklee Music theory book. 1
The jazz chord : a comprehensive organizational guide to scales and chords found in jazz and contemporary music
Basics of vocal and instrumental harmonic improvisation
Berklee music theory book. 2, fundamentals of harmony
Triad pairs for jazz : practice and application for the jazz improvisor
Programed ear training. Volume 3, Chords, part 1
Training the ear. Volume 2, a compositional approach to intermediate level harmonic ear training : dyads, triads, seventh chords, inversions, altered chords, chord extensions, modes, chord/scale relationships, chord progressions, chord substitutions
Chromaticism / Non-diatonic scales : How to play outside the stated tonality
How to read music
The Oxford Harmony. Volume two
Tonal harmony in concept and practice
Elementary keyboard harmony
Harmonic mechanisms for guitar. Volume three
Jazz keyboard harmony : A practical voicing method for all musicians ; for class or individual study. Osan numero
Music in theory and practice. Vol. 1
Complete encyclopedia of chords
Contemporary harmony : Romanticism through the twelve-tone row
Piano essentials : scales, chords, arpeggios, and cadences for the contemporary pianist
Harmonic mechanisms for guitar. Volume two
