http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12092 clinical psychology
clinical psychology
Attribution theory in clinical psychology
Clinical psychology : science, practice, and culture
Critical thinking in clinical practice : improving the accuracy of judgments and decisions about clients
Social learning and clinical psychology
Foundations of health psychology
The collected works of L. S. Vygotsky. Vol. 2, The fundamentals of defectology : abnormal psychology and learning disabilities
Psychology and medicine : psychobiological dimensions of health and illness
Comprehensive clinical psychology. Vol. 1, Foundations
The dialogical self in psychotherapy
Handbook of clinical psychology
Research methods in clinical psychology : an introduction for students and practitioners
Personality disorders
Experimental foundations of clinical psychology
Psychology aweigh! : a history of clinical psychology in the United Sates navy 1900-1988
Chronic pain is a costly health condition that is estimated to affect 150 million Americans. Numerous studies have shown that chronic pain affects a variety of aspects of life including mood, daily activities, and relationships. Not only does the individual with chronic pain suffer, spouses often do as well. The purpose of this study was to develop and test an intervention that utilized motivational interviewing techniques while providing tailored feedback to couples who are affected by chronic pain. This study examined which changes arose following the intervention and explored potential reasons for why these changes occurred. Participants consisted of 47 couples in which at least one member had a chronic pain condition. Each couple completed questionnaires, participated in an interview about the history of their relationship and pain, and engaged in an interaction about coping with pain. Then the couples were randomly assigned to either the intervention group or control group.The couples in the intervention group received oral and written feedback, utilizing motivational interviewing techniques, regarding strengths and weaknesses of their relationship and pain coping. The couples in the control group received oral and written educational feedback about the Gate Control Theory. The motivational interviewing intervention in this study provided several benefits for couples facing chronic pain. Specifically, the intervention produced greater marital satisfaction, lower pain ratings, greater positive mood, and lower negative mood for both patients and spouses in the intervention group compared to those in the control group. In addition, there were benefits on some of the secondary outcome variables. The patients in the intervention group had lower personal distress than the controls following the intervention and the spouses had greater empathy and mindfulness.This study also found that some of the changes in secondary variables were associated with changes in the primary variables, suggesting that these could be mechanisms of change within the intervention. This study is a promising step to enhancing current treatments for couples facing chronic pain as well as other chronic illnesses. By including aspects of this intervention in future treatments, it is possible that existing treatments can become more effective.
Clinical Psychology distinguishes itself from other core texts for advanced undergraduate clinical psychology courses by presenting multiple clinical perspectives evenhandedly and by emphasizing multicultural issues. Written in an academic yet accessible style, Clinical Psychology covers all subfields of clinical psychology thoroughly, including the history and current state of the field, clinical assessment, psychotherapy, ethical and professional issues, and specialized topics such as forensic and health psychology. In particular, the subfield that constitutes the primary interest of students and the primary activity of clinical psychologists - psychotherapy - broadly.
The dictionary of physiological and clinical psychology
Neuropsychological correlates of schizotypal traits in an adolescent psychiatric population
Psychopathology : research, assessment and treatment in clinical psychology
Psychometrics and psychology
Psychotherapy and culture conflict
The quest to feel good
A short introduction to psychoanalysis
Integrating theory and practice in clinical neuropsychology
Neuropsychology, development, and cognition. Section A, Journal of clinical and experimental neuropsychology
Clinical psychology, 'race' and culture : a training manual
Cognitive foundations of clinical psychology
On becoming a person : a therapist's view of psychotherapy
Clinical child psychology : social learning, development and behaviour
The handbook of clinical adult psychology
Measures for clinical practice : a sourcebook. Vol. 2, Adults
European perspectives in clinical and health psychology
Introduction to clinical psychology : scientific foundations to clinical practice
Reflexes to intelligence : a reader in clinical psychology
Clinical psychology : concepts, methods, and profession
Health psychology : biopsychosocial interactions
Measures for clinical practice : a sourcebook. Vol. 1, Couples, families, and children
The application of social psychology to clinical practice
Integrations of clinical and social psychology
Facets of dyslexia and its remediation
Neuropsychological treatment of dyslexia
The great ideas of clinical science : 17 principles that every mental health professional should understand
The effects of motivational interviewing on marital and pain adjustment in chronic pain patients and their spouses
Handbook of projective techniques
Comprehensive clinical psychology. Vol. 2, Professional issues
Fundamentals of clinical supervision
Journal of consulting and clinical psychology
Handbook of clinical behavioral pediatrics
Learning disabilities : a neuropsychological perspective
Storytelling, narrative, and the thematic apperception test
Occupational therapy in mental health
Clinical methods in psychology
Psychological interpretation
Psychology builds a healthy world : opportunities for research and practice
"Mental illness is a highly controversial and contested field, informed by the ideas and research of academics and practitioners working in psychiatry, psychology, pharmacology, sociology, genetics and the neurosciences. This book brings clarity to a complex field, exploring core issues ranging from debates about the way the concept has been developed and expanded over time to controversies over the causes of mental illness. The author evaluates critiques of the concept of mental illness and of the way its expanding boundaries now define a far wider range of mental states, experiences and activities as pathological. Arguing that these boundaries need to be restricted, the author contends that many of the phenomena identified as mental illness are normal reactions to life's difficulties and that, while individuals may need support, it is not appropriate or helpful for such phenomena to be treated as indicative of mental disorder. Other important topics covered include the way mental illness is measured, its distribution across populations and over time, and the different types of care provided for those with identified mental illness. Mental Illness will prove invaluable for intending practitioners in medicine, psychiatry, mental health nursing, social work, and clinical and health psychology, as well as for students in psychology, sociology and the health sciences."--pub. desc.
Clinical child psychology : an introduction to theory, research, and practice
The history of clinical psychology in autobiography. Volume 1
How does psychotherapy work?
Encyclopedia of clinical neuropsychology
Solution-focused therapy
Comprehensive clinical psychology. Vol. 9, Applications in diverse populations
What is counselling? : the promise and problem of the talking therapies
Critical thinking in clinical practice : improving the quality of judgments and decisions
British journal of social and clinical psychology
The clinical psychology handbook
What is clinical psychology?
Clinical psychology : the study of persons
Clinical neuropsychology
Primary care psychology
The history of clinical psychology in autobiography. Volume 2
Casebook in abnormal psychology
Comprehensive clinical psychology. Vol. 3, Research and methods
The process of psychotherapy : empirical foundations and systems of analysis
Information processing approaches to clinical psychology
Research design in clinical psychology
Health psychology : theory, research and practice
"Offers a comprehensive introduction to the various methods, approaches, and strategies for conducting research in the clinical psychology field"--
Comprehensive clinical psychology. Vol. 7, Clinical geropsychology
Clinical psychology : scientific and professional dimensions
Functional analysis in clinical treatment
Clinical psychology of religion : emerging cultural and multicultural questions from European and North American voices
Handbook of social and clinical psychology : the health perspective
Health psychology
Handbook of sexual assault : issues, theories, and treatment of the offender
Cognitive therapy across the lifespan
History of psychiatry and medical psychology : with epilogue on psychitary and the mind-body relation
Advances in the investigation of psychological stress
Abnormal psychology and modern life
Child and family advocacy : bridging the gaps between research, practice, and policy
Clinical assessment of malingering and deception
Applied psychology : current issues and new directions
Pain : theory, research and intervention
Clinical decision making in behavior therapy : a problem solving perspective
Introduction to clinical psychology : an evidence-based approach
Between psychology and psychotherapy : a poetics of experience
The scientist practitioner : research and accountability in clinical and educational settings
The art and science of psychotherapy
Fundamental concepts in clinical psychology
Ethnic minority perspectives on clinical training and services in psychology
Cognitive therapy : 100 key points and techniques
Comprehensive clinical psychology. Vol. 4, Assessment
Comprehensive clinical psychology. Vol. 10, Sociocultural and individual differences
Abnormal and clinical psychology : an introductory textbook
Principles and practice of behavioral assessment
Comprehensive clinical psychology. Vol. 5, Children & adolescents : clinical formulation & treatment
Comprehensive clinical psychology. Vol. 8, Health psychology
Abnormal psychology : clinical perspectives on psychological disorders
Comprehensive clinical psychology. Vol. 11, Indexes
"The knowledge and skills of critical thinking, evidence-based practice, problem solving, judgment, and decision making are essential to effectively serve clients in all types of clinical practices. This book teaches clinicians and students how to avoid fallacies and biases in thinking as well as the skills to make well-informed, ethical decisions. Grounded in the belief that clinical decision making is a challenging process that can be improved by honing the skills integral to evidence-based practice, this book explores common sources of error and provides psychologists, counselors, social workers, and allied health professionals practical guidance with decision aids and applications of critical thinking skills to clinical decision making"--Provided by publisher.
Perceived self-image, intellectual ability, frontal lobe function, and perceived ward atmosphere among patients with psychosis
