http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12064 popularisation
popularisation
From the mathematics of mazes, to cones with a twist, and the amazing sphericon - and how to make one - Ian Stewart is back with more mathematical stories and puzzles that are as quirky as they are fascinating, and each from the cutting edge of the world of mathematics. We find out about the mathematics of time travel, explore the shape of teardrops (which are not tear-drop shaped, but something much, much more strange!), dance with dodecahedra, and play the game of Hex, amongst many more strange and delightful mathematical diversions.
Science in public : communication, culture, and credibility
Selling science : how the press covers science and technology
Understanding popular science
Technical communication research : dissemination, reception, utilization
Science serialized : representation of the sciences in nineteenth-century periodicals
What can I do to help : 75 practical ideas for family and friends from cancer's frontline
Inventing film studies
Popularizing the Finnish sauna : the case of the American hospitality industry
The idiot brain : a neuroscientist explains what your head is really up to
Science images and popular images of the sciences
Cakes, custard + category theory : easy recipes for understanding complex mathematics
The human body close-up
Restless creatures : the story of life in ten movements
Introducing science communication : a practical guide
The earth on show : fossils and the poetics of popular science, 1802-1856
Rhetoric and representation : exploring the cultural meaning of the natural sciences in contemporary popular science writing and literature
Math for life : crucial ideas you didn't learn in school
The little book of scientific principles, theories & things
Does God play dice? : the mathematics of chaos
The Pictorial encyclopædia of scientific knowledge
Relativity for the layman : a simplified account of the history, theory, and proofs of relativity
Why are orangutans orange? : science questions in pictures - with fascinating answers : more questions and answers from the popular 'Last word' column
Immaterial homes, personal spaces and the Internet as rhetorical terrain
The drunkard's walk : how randomness rules our lives
Justice performed : courtroom TV shows and the theaters of popular law
Relativity and man
Drawing on physics, philosophy, narrative theory, psychoanalysis, and film theory, the book links innovations in time travel fiction to specific shifts in the popularization of science, from evolutionary biology in the late 1800s, through relativity and quantum physics in the mid-twentieth century, to more recent multiverse cosmologies. Wittenberg shows how increasing awareness of new scientific models leads to surprising innovations in the literary "time machine," which evolves from a "vehicle" used chiefly for sociopolitical commentary into a psychological and narratological device capable of exploring with great sophistication the temporal structure and significance of subjects, viewpoints, and historical events. The book covers work by well-known time travel writers such as H. G. Wells, Edward Bellamy, Robert Heinlein, Samuel Delany, and Harlan Ellison, as well as pulp fiction writers of the 1920s through the 1940s, popular and avant-garde postwar science fiction, television shows such as The Twilight Zone and Star Trek, and current cinema. Literature, film and TV are read alongside theoretical work ranging from Einstein, Schrödinger, and Hawking to Gérard Genette, David Lewis, and Gilles Deleuze. Wittenberg argues that even the most mainstream audiences of popular time travel fiction and cinema are vigorously engaged with many of the same questions about temporality, identity, and history that concern literary theorists, media and film scholars, and philosophers.
Despite the overwhelming diversity of life on earth, one theme has dominated its evolution: the apparently simple act of moving from one place to another. This book tells the incredible story of locomotion in human and animal evolution. Evolutionary biologist Matt Wilkinson shows why our ancestors became two-legged, why we have opposable thumbs, why the backbone appeared, how fish fins became limbs, how even trees are locomotion-obsessed, and how movement has shaped our minds as well as our bodies. He explains why there are no flying monkeys or biological wheels, how dinosaurs took to the air, how Mexican waves began in the animal kingdom, and why moving can make us feel good.
A down to earth guide to the cosmos
The physics of superheroes
Popularization strategies of scientific English texts
Maths in 100 key breakthroughs
Darwin's watch
Everything you know about science is wrong
A really short history of nearly everything
Eugenic design : streamlining America in the 1930s
This title provides a breathtaking and beautiful exploration of our planet. The book, which accompanies the BBC1 TV series, provides the deepest answers to the simplest questions.
Is that a fact? : frauds, quacks, and the real science of everyday life
How to work with the media
Nets, puzzles, and postmen
The canon : the beautiful basics of science
Mathematics : a very short introduction
Ancient muses : archaeology and the arts
The ghost in the atom : a discussion of the mysteries of quantum physics
Popularization of EU debt crisis terminology in newspapers
The improbability principle : why coincidences, miracles and rare events happen all the time
Why don't penguins' feet freeze? : and 114 other questions
The owner's manual for the brain : the ultimate guide to peak mental performance at all ages
On being the right size and other essays
Mathematics
Things to make and do in the fourth dimension
The descent of Darwin : the popularization of Darwinism in Germany, 1860-1914
Am I making myself clear? : a scientist's guide to talking to the public
Science and the media : alternative routes to scientific communications
Atoms under the floorboards : the surprising science hidden in your home
We need to talk about Kelvin : what everyday things tell us about the Universe
How to write for a general audience : a guide for academics who want to share their knowledge with the world and have fun doing it
The quantum moment : how Planck, Bohr, Einstein, and Heisenberg taught us to love uncertainty
From Stonehenge to Las Vegas : archaeology as popular culture
History hunting : a guide for fellow adventurers
Mysteries of Çatalhöyük! : an archaeological investigation
"Discover how maths can explain and predict the vagaries of chance. Imagine this: you are browsing used books in a bookstore hundreds of miles from home when you come across a copy of Moby Dick, which you remember reading as a child. You open it and find your own name on the inside cover. What are the chances? This is the question we ask ourselves upon encountering seemingly impossible coincidences, like the woman who won the lottery four times. But from clairvoyants to financial markets, and from unique scientific discoveries to DNA evidence, if there is any likelihood that something could happen, no matter how small, it is bound to happen to someone at some time. Coupling lively anecdotes with the principles of probability, Joseph Mazur balances the fun of a great coincidence with the logical thinking of a mathematician. With a lightness of touch and a witty turn of phrase, Mazur sweeps aside pseudoscience and conspiracy theories, proving that there are rational explanations for even the most extraordinary events."--Allen & Unwin website.
Quantum theory cannot hurt you : understanding the mind-blowing building blocks of the universe
Information comics : knowledge transfer in a popular format
"Bring the vast unthinkable down to earth" : popularization and usability in A Short History of Nearly Everything by Bill Bryson and its Finnish translation
Designed to help the novice scientist get started with science communication, this unique guide begins with a short history of science communication before discussing the design and delivery of an effective engagement event. Along with numerous case studies written by highly regarded international contributors, the book discusses how to approach face-to-face science communication and engagement activities with the public while providing tips to avoid potential pitfalls. A companion website includes further useful links, references, and supplementary case studies along with information on regulations and practical information specific to countries.
Almost everyone's guide to science : the universe, life and everything
A bee in a cathedral and 99 other scientific analogies
Ink sandwiches, electric worms, and 37 other experiments for Saturday science
Front page physics : a century of physics in the news
News & numbers : a writer's guide to statistics
Philosophy of science today
All over the world, the term "Public Theology" has become a heading for theological discussion on the public relevance of Christian traditions and the public mission of Christian communities. What does public engagement look like in contexts as diverse as South Africa, Brazil, Oceania, Europe, and North America? What are the different challenges and how can theology and ecclesial praxis meet them? Are there widespread intercontextual features to all contextual Public Theologies? Questions like these were discussed during an international conference in Bamberg in June 2011 under the title "Contextuality and Intercontextuality in Public Theology." This volume brings together the contributions from the conference and offers some answers to the questions posed above.
"Unpredictable and entertaining, Burnett's account gives us up-to-date research and the principles of neuroscience along the way. Looking at memory, intelligence, observation, social interaction and personality, Burnett explains why: memory is like a doting mother; tall people are more intelligent; criticism is more powerful than praise; we remember faces before names; a glass of wine can refresh your memory and you can't be 'a little bit OCD'."--Allen & Unwin website.
Unleashing science popularisation : studies on science as popular culture
Integrating archaeology : science - wish - reality : international conference on the social role, possibilities and perspectives of classical studies : papers held in Frankfurt a. M. on 12 - 14 June 2012
Storm in a teacup : the physics of everyday life
Marquis de Sade for beginners
13 things that don't make sense : the most intriguing scientific mysteries of our time
The science of Discworld
Fluke : the maths and myths of coincidences
In Is that a fact? Dr. Joe Schwarcz helps you separate fact from fiction amid the storm of misinformation that today's media throws at us. Dr. Joe questions the reliability and the motives of "experts" in this engaging and critical look at what's fact and what's plain nonsense when it comes to deciding what to eat, what chemicals to avoid, and what's best for the environment.
Uses analogies to explain scientific truths and principles.
Mathematics of life : unlocking the secrets of existence
The contrast between scientific texts and popularisations
A different universe : reinventing physics from the bottom down
A mathematician reads the newspaper
Bully for brontosaurus : reflections in natural history
Summary.
The mice who sing for sex
Black holes and time warps : Einstein's outrageous legacy
Expository science : forms and functions of popularisation
Seven experiments that could change the world : a do-it-yourself guide to revolutionary science
Why is Uranus upside down? and other questions about the universe
Public theology for a global society : essays in honor of Max L. Stackhouse
The improbability principle : why incredibly unlikely things keep happening
Basic maths practice problems for dummies
The demon-haunted world : science as a candle in the dark
100 billion suns : the birth, life and death of the stars
30-second quantum theory : the 50 most thought-provoking quantum concepts, each explained in half a minute
A short history of nearly everything
Inheritance
Science centres and science events : a science communication handbook
How to fossilize your hamster : and other amazing experiments for the armchair scientist
Emanuel D. Rudolph's studies in the history of North American botany : with an appendix: Relationships between science and religion
The quantum age : how the physics of the very small has transformed our lives
How to make a tornado : the strange and wonderful things that happen when scientists break free
Learning science in informal environments : people, places, and pursuits
Mathematics of life
The simple science of flight : from insects to jumbo jets
Popularizing Pennsylvania : Henry W. Schoemaker and the progressive uses of folklore and history
The globe
Why are orangutans orange? : science questions in pictures - with fascinating answers : more questions and answers from the popular 'Last word' colum
Why science?
Numbers : a very short introduction
Adventures in human being
Popular exhibitions, science and showmanship, 1840-1910
The God effect : quantum entanglement, science's strangest phenomenon
Build your own time machine : the real science of time travel
The Usborne illustrated dictionary of Science
The averaged American : surveys, citizens, and the making of a mass public
Public archaeology
Merlin's tour of the universe : a skywatcher's guide to everything from Mars and quasars to comets, planets, blue moons, and werewolves
From selfish genes to holistic cooperation : human identity and the rhetoric of contemporary popular evolutionary biology
The universe inside you : the extreme science of the human body from quantum theory to the mysteries of the brain
Some problems with explaining science to the general reader
The Literature of science : perspectives on popular scientific writing
Contextuality and intercontextuality in public theology : proceedings from the Bamberg Conference 23.-25.06.2011
Body signs : how to be your own diagnostic detective
Curious tales from chemistry : the last alchemist in Paris, and other episodes
The red limit : the search for the edge of the universe
Forces of nature
Hen's teeth and horse's toes
From mediation to mediatization : the new politics of communicating science and biotechnology
In science and technology we trust : on the public understanding of science in Finland
Time Travel : The Popular Philosophy of Narrative
Cows in the maze
The millennium problems : the seven greatest unsolved mathematical puzzles of our time
The happiness hypothesis : putting ancient wisdom to the test of modern science
Cosmic coincidences : dark matter, mankind, and anthropic cosmology
Science communication : practical guide for scientists
