http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12026 ecological networks
ecological networks
Ecological networks in an agricultural world
Conservation in space
Green infrastructure : linking landscapes and communities
Ecological networks in Estonia : concepts and applications
Ecological networks
Developing of supportive context for eco-industrial networks in Finland
Networks of invasion : empirical evidence and case studies
Metapopulation dynamics : empirical and theoretical investigations
Ecosystem ecology : a new synthesis
"What can ecological science contribute to the sustainable management and conservation of the natural systems that underpin human well-being? Bridging the natural, physical and social sciences, this book shows how ecosystem ecology can inform the ecosystem services approach to environmental management. The authors recognise that ecosystems are rich in linkages between biophysical and social elements that generate powerful intrinsic dynamics. Unlike traditional reductionist approaches, the holistic perspective adopted here is able to explain the increasing range of scientific studies that have highlighted unexpected consequences of human activity, such as the lack of recovery of cod populations on the Grand Banks despite nearly two decades of fishery closures, or the degradation of Australia's fertile land through salt intrusion. Written primarily for researchers and graduate students in ecology and environmental management, it provides an accessible discussion of some of the most important aspects of ecosystem ecology and the potential relationships between them"--Provided by publisher.
Introduction to systems ecology
Global change in multispecies systems. Part 1
A journey through alternative ways of living : a design approach for scaling up grassroots initiatives torwards sustainability
Mutualistic networks
In this passionate, lucid, and surprising book, Timothy Morton argues that all forms of life are connected in a vast, entangling mesh. This interconnectedness penetrates all dimensions of life. No being, construct, or object can exist independently from the ecological entanglement, Morton contends, nor does "Nature" exist as an entity separate from the uglier or more synthetic elements of life. Realizing this interconnectedness is what Morton calls the ecological thought. In three concise chapters, Morton investigates the profound philosophical, political, and aesthetic implications of the fact that all life forms are interconnected. As a work of environmental philosophy and theory, The Ecological Thought explores an emerging awareness of ecological reality in an age of global warming. Using Darwin and contemporary discoveries in life sciences as root texts, Morton describes a mesh of deeply interconnected life forms—intimate, strange, and lacking fixed identity.
Connectivity conservation
The ecological thought
The characteristics and representativeness of the protected area network in the Barents Region
Ecological communities : plant mediation in indirect interaction webs
Design for collaborative minds : a visual designers contribution to the collaborative consumption model [sic]
Theoretical studies of ecosystems : the network perspective
Mapping wilderness : concepts, techniques and applications
The Pan-European ecological network : taking stock
National and regional approaches for ecological networks in Europe
Ecological networks and greenways : concept, design, implementation
Mutualistic interactions among plants and animals have played a paramount role in shaping biodiversity. Making a case for why we should care about mutualisms and their complex networks, this book offers a perspective on the study and synthesis of this growing area for ecologists and evolutionary biologists.
Ecodesign : a manual for ecological design
