http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12007 smallpox
smallpox
Deadly companions : how microbes shaped our history
Murderous contagion : a human history of disease
"A humorous book about history's worst plagues from the Antonine Plague, to leprosy, to polio and the heroes who fought them In 1518, in a small town in France, Frau Troffea began dancing and didn't stop. She danced herself to her death six days later, and soon thirty-four more villagers joined her. Then more. In a month more than 400 people had died from the mysterious dancing plague. In late-nineteenth-century England an eccentric gentleman founded the No Nose Club in his gracious townhome a social club for those who had lost their noses, and other body parts, to the plague of syphilis for which there was then no cure. And in turn-of-the-century New York, an Irish cook caused two lethal outbreaks of typhoid fever, a case that transformed her into the notorious Typhoid Mary and led to historic medical breakthroughs.  Throughout time, humans have been terrified and fascinated by the plagues they've suffered from. Get Well Soon delivers the gruesome, morbid details of some of the worst plagues in human history, as well as stories of the heroic figures who fought to ease their suffering. With her signature mix of in-depth research and upbeat storytelling, and not a little dark humor, Jennifer Wright explores history's most gripping and deadly outbreaks."--
The life and death of smallpox
Saami and smallpox in eighteeth century Sweden : cultural prevention of epidemic disease
Historical epidemiology of smallpox in Åland , Finland, 1750-1890
Pox Americana : the great smallpox epidemic of 1775-82
The greatest killer : smallpox in history, with a new introduction
The eradication of smallpox, the cult of Sitala, and ecological politics
Smallpox in two systems of knowledge
Get well soon : history's worst plagues and the heroes who fought them
The fever tree
Smallbox in two systems of knowledge
When disease makes history : epidemics and great historical turning points
The sick rose, or, Disease and the art of medical illustration
Colonizing the body : state medicine and epidemic disease in nineteenth-century India
Smallpox and the literary imagination 1660-1820
"Angel of Death is alively and powerful account of our battle against smallpox, the only disease that mankind has successfully eradicated from the planet. By weaving previously unrecorded voices in with the personal experiences of colourful historical figures such as Lady Mary Wortley Montagu and Edward Jenner, Gareth Williams brings alive one of the most exciting success stories in the history of medicine. His book also gives original and engaging insights into the anti-vaccination campaigns which remain active today, and into the many unlearned lessons of smallpox. Angel of Death will appeal to all those moved by the excitement of discovery and stories of people fighting against adversity, and to anyone interested in history or medicine." -- (Palgrave Macmillan)
Angel of death : the story of smallpox
Dr. Jenner of Berkeley
Black wind
Plagues and peoples
The "Real Expedición Marítima de la Vacuna" in New Spain and Guatemala
The two faces of smallpox : a disease and its prevention in eighteenth- and nineteenth-century Sweden
