http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1202 year
year
The many forms of Finnish wood
Meiobenthos of the Vuoksa River system
Initial fertilisation, when the fertilizer is supplied during the plantation, is applied to improve the competitive ability of the seedlings and hence to increase their growth and productivity; however, fertilization could also alter wood properties and timber quality. In this study, the dimensions and tree-ring parameters - width, proportion of latewood, maximum and mean density, mean earlywood and latewood density - of initially fertilized (by 14, 6 and 11 g of N, P and K per seedling, respectively) Norway spruce (Picea abies Karst.) growing in an experimental plantation in Kalsnava, Latvia (temperate climate region) were assessed. The fertilization significantly increased the dimensions of trees in long-term (ca. 17% increase of stemwood volume). The analysis of tree-ring width suggested that the duration of the effect was ca. 15 years. The maximum and latewood density were higher for the fertilized trees only in a few years. The mean and earlywood density of tree-rings were mainly similar for both treatments. Altogether, considering the one-time application of a limited amount of fertilizer, such treatment had notable and lasting effect on Norway spruce..
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2003, vol. 7.
Human Rights Watch world report. 2012 : events of 2011
Immigration, emigration, and migration
Peacebuilding and civilian crisis management studies
Obesity and bone mineral measurements in postmenopausal women
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja = Statistik årsbok för Finland = Statistical yearbook of Finland
"Male menopause" : the birth of a new illness?
Monitoring and assessment of the ecological status of lakes : a pilot procedure developed and tested in the Life Vuoksi project
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2000, vol. 4.
Artist's Book Yearbook 2001-2002
Holocene varved lake sediments as records of palaeoenvironmental change and geomagnetic palaeosecular variation in eastern Finland
The sustainable use of the water resources and shore areas of the River Vuoksi : VIVATVUOKSIA - a Tacis Project
Republic of China : yearbook 1997.
Finnish yearbook of population research
Finnish yearbook of political thought
Preventing osteoporosis in menopause : a literature review
International year of shelter for the homeless : what Finland is doing
Microfibril angle and density patterns of fertilized and irrigated Norway spruce
A Seleukid prosopography and gazetteer
The ARRL handbook for radio communications. 2012
Jyväskylän yliopiston vuosi 2015 = University of Jyväskylä 2015
Annual abstract of statistics
Lounais-Hämeen Luonnonsuojeluyhdistys ry:n toimintakertomus vuodelta 1994 = 1994 annual report of the Nature Conservation Society of South-West Häme
Electromagnetics Laboratory annual report
Changes in atherosclerosis risk factors induced by hormone replacement therapy or ethanol consumption
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 1997.
Seasonal psychophysiological stress of teachers related to age and aerobic fitness
The Bahá'í world : a biennial international record. Volume VI : 91 and 92 of the Bahá'í Era : April 1934-1936 A.D
Archaeological research in the former jurisdictional district of Äyräpää and excavations at the Telkkälä site in Muolaa, Russia
South Africa yearbook
The ARRL handbook for radio communications. 2010
Water quality trends and phytoplankton composition in large lakes in the Finnish territory of the Vuoksi catchment in 1970-2001
Effect of initial fertilization on 34-year increment and wood properties of Norway spruce in Latvia
World economic and social survey. 2014/2015, Learning from national supporting MDG implementation
The ARRL handbook for radio communications. 2008
Finnish commercial web-based information on male menopause and male hormone therapy
IHME-nykytaidefestivaali 2012 = IHME contemporary art festival 2012
The beggar & the hare : a novel
Decorative art : the Studio year book. 1950-51
University jubilees : a new research area in the history of universities
1966 : the year the decade exploded
Britain 2001 : the official yearbook of the United Kingdom
UK 2004 : the official yearbook of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
The world almanac and book of facts. 2007
Early postmenopausal bone loss : population-based studies on risk and pretentive factors and their interactions
Tree-ring width (TRW) and maximum latewood density (MXD) data of Faxon fir (Abies faxoniana Rehd. et Wils.) were analyzed for five timberline sites in the western Qinling Mountains and northeastern Tibetan Plateau, to investigate their relationships to climate change, especially twentieth century warming. The cross-correlations among TRW chronologies at the low-frequency band were higher, while the higher correlations among MXD chronologies were found at the high-frequency band. Response analysis showed that the tree-ring formation of fir trees was significantly and positively affected by temperature variations, while it was also negatively affected by precipitation. The TRW series captured the warming trends and allowed detecting the recent warming in a long-term context, while the MXD series showed no upward trend. We also found the temperature sensitivity of the TRW series is unstable over space and time. The divergent response between TRW and MXD might be caused by the seasonal variations of warming trends..
Physiology of the skin
Music education international : Journal of the International Society for Music Education
FTIR spectroscopic prediction of Klason and acid soluble lignin variation in Norway spruce cutting clones
World trade center : the giants that defied the sky
The ARRL handbook for radio communications. 2015
HighTech Finland
CIHEC Finnish National Commission : annual report 2008.
Passport to world band radio. 2009
Fleeting moments
The Finland year book. 1936
Human Rights Watch world report. 2009 : events of 2008
Marhaba : yearbook of the Finnish-Arabic Society
Finnish Agriculture and Rural Industries
Conveying style and culture : Arto Paasilinna's The Year of the Hare
The world almanac and book of facts. 2006
The effect of climatic factors on wood anatomy of the alien red oak (Quercus rubra L.) growing in three experimental plantations in Latvia was assessed by classical dendrochronological techniques. Two tree-ring proxies - tree-ring width (TRW) and mean area of earlywood vessel lumen (VLA) - were studied on 33 trees. Annual variation of TRW amongst trees was similar (mean r = 0.46), but there was more individuality in VLA (mean r = 0.26); nevertheless, chronologies of both proxies had rather synchronous variation amongst the sites. Annual variation of TRW was affected by factors related to water deficit in late summer, as suggested by the negative effect of temperature and positive effect of precipitation that have intensified during the 20th century, likely due to warming. Although weather conditions during the dormant period did not directly affect TRW, temperature during the autumn-spring period has been the main climatic determinant of VLA likely via influence on overwintering and hence vigour of tree. This suggests that conductive properties of wood and hence the susceptibility to water deficit have been affected by weather conditions before the formation of tree rings. During the 20th century, sensitivity of VLA has shifted from temperature in winter to temperature in autumn likely due to climate change. Still, the positive effect of these factors suggests that warming of climate would increase VLA and hence the risk of embolism and xylem disfunction. Therefore, the importance of availability of water for growth of red oak in Latvia is increasing..
Biodiversity through time:coherence, stability and species turnover in boreal stream communities
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 2009 : Special Issue of the 16th Nordic Demographic Symposium in Helsinki
Forward with design!
CIHEC Finnish National Commission : annual report 2007.
Two thousand ideas for a carnival!
The construction of male menopause in Finnish popular magazines
Causes and consequences of past and projected Scandinavian summer temperatures, 500-2100 AD
Divergent response of tree-ring width and maximum latewood density of Abies faxoniana to warming trends at the timberline of the western Qinling Mountains and northeastern Tibetan Plateau, China
Britain 2000 : the official yearbook of the United Kingdom
Human Rights Watch world report. 2010 : events of 2009
Understanding Family Dynasty: Nurturing the Corporate Identity across Generations
Cooperation on the frontier watercourses during thirty years
Decorative art : the Studio year book. 1943-1948
Measurements of lower extremity muscle activation on menopausal women
The effect of annual ring orientation and drying method on deformations, casehardening and colour of silver birch (Betula pendula) boards
Additional evidence of the Holocene transgression in Lake Ladoga on the basis of an investigation of the beach deposits on the island of Mantsinsaari
Effects of early thinning regime and tree status on the radial growth and wood density of Scots pine
Systems analysis applications to water research - a Soviet-Finnish project
Artist's Book Yearbook 2012-2013
Colourful verbs in "Jäniksen vuosi" in the English translation of the book
Environmental and climatic dependences of stable isotope ratios in tree rings on different temporal scales
Finnish customs investigation report
The Life history of the United States. Vol. 1, Prehistory to 1774 : the new world
A year with friends
Yearbook
Role of macrozoobenthos in the self-purification processes of the Vuoksa river system
Britain : the official yearbook of the United Kingdom
Distributions of tracheid cross-sectional dimensions in different parts of Norway spruce stems
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 47
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2001, vol. 5.
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 1999, vol. 3.
Vuoden huiput. 2004 : parasta suomalaista mainontaa & graafista suunnittelua = the best of Finnish advertising & graphic design
Adaptive traffic management in heterogeneous communication networks
Androgen secretion and cardiovascular risk factors in women with and without PCOS:studies on age-related changes and medical intervention
Photography year. 1977/78 edition
Journeys and landscapes : Finavia's annual report [2009]
Toward a tolerant Finland : campaign years in retrospect
Artist's Book Yearbook 2006-2007
The world almanac and book of facts. 2010
Redescriptions : yearbook of political thought, conceptual history and feminist theory. 2012/2013, vol. 16
International Year of the Family 1994 : "building the smallest democracy at the heart of society"
Nutrient and bacterial load transport in the River Vuoksi : model based estimation of aquatic effects from present and planned wastewater treatment plants
Decorative art in modern interiors. [1968/69]
Sky Sports football yearbook 2014-2015
Passport to world band radio. 2008
Sub-Milankovitch solar forcing of past climates: mid and late Holocene perspectives
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 1998, vol. 2.
The hormone cure : reclaim balance, sleep, sex drive, and vitality naturally with the Gottfried protocol
Dat's new year
UK 2005 : the official yearbook of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
Abstract.
COMP  progress report
Understanding Earth's polar challenges : International Polar Year 2007-2008 : summary
Tet : the Vietnamese lunar new year
Redescriptions : yearbook of political thought and conceptual history. 2004, vol. 8
Need for Speed : yearbook
The world almanac and book of facts. 2012
Effects of hormonal and other factors on fractures in peri- and early postmenopausal women
Solar activity and its influence on the Vuoksa River flow : possibilities for water management and forecasting
Southeast Asian affairs
Chinese new year
Metatext and the company's future outlook : the use of hedging and emphatics in the letter to shareholders sections of annual reports
River Vuoksi hydrological forecasting system
Christmas entertaining
Rallycourse. 1999-2000 / [editor David Williams] : the world's leading rally annual
Boosting future prospects or softening promises of success? : the use of emphatics and hedging in the letter to shareholders sections of annual reports
MTL 1982 : jäsenluettelo = list of members : ydintietoa pätevistä mainostoimistoista
The story of Finnish wood
The world almanac and book of facts. 2005
Annual Review 2012 : National Institute for Health and Welfare
Republic of China yearbook
Abstract: The common Vuoksi : human-environment interaction in the Vuoksi river valley from 1800 to present.
The ARRL handbook for radio communications. 2017
Fast-growing hybrids of Populus L. have an increasing importance as a source of renewable energy and as industrial wood. Nevertheless, the long-term sensitivity of Populus hybrids to weather conditions and hence to possible climatic hazards in Northern Europe have been insufficiently studied, likely due to the limited age of the trees (short rotation). In this study, the climatic sensitivity of ca. 65-year-old hybrid poplars (Populus balsamifera L. × P. laurifolia Ledeb.), growing at two sites in the western part of Latvia, and ca. 55-year-old hybrid aspens (Populus tremuloides Michx. × P. tremula L.), growing in the eastern part of Latvia, have been studied using classical dendrochronological techniques. The high-frequency variation of tree-ring width (TRW) of hybrid poplar from both sites was similar, but it differed from hybrid aspen due to the diverse parental species and geographic location of the stands. Nevertheless, some common tendencies in TRW were observed for both hybrids. Climatic factors influencing TRW were generally similar for both hybrids, but their composition differed. The strength of climate-TRW relationships was similar, but the hybrid poplar was affected by a higher number of climatic factors. Hybrid poplar was sensitive to factors related to water deficit in late summer in the previous and current years. Hybrid aspen was sensitive to conditions in the year of formation of tree-ring. Both hybrids also displayed a reaction to temperature during the dormant period. The observed climate-growth relationships suggest that increasing temperatures might burden the radial growth of the studied hybrids of Populus..
Sleep and Menopause. Hormone Therapy and Sleep Deprivation
The pop world accelerated and broke through the sound barrier in 1966. In America, in London, in Amsterdam, in Paris, revolutionary ideas slow-cooking since the late '50s reached boiling point. This book tells about the pop culture during this period.
Relation of tree-ring width and earlywood vessel size of alien Quercus rubra L. with climatic factors in Latvia
Finnish design yearbook. '08-09
Effect of climatic factors on tree-ring width of Populus hybrids in Latvia
Climatic signals extracted from ring-width chronologies of Scots pines from the northern, middle and southern parts of the boreal forest belt in Finland
The Manchoukuo year book. 1934
Health-related risk factors for falls among early post-menopausal women
1968 : the year that rocked the world
