http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12017 saxophone
saxophone
Selected solos for soprano/tenor saxophone with piano : grades 1-3
John Coltrane
Heart and soul
That's easy! : Abba. Abba for alto saxophone
Proverbs and songs
Someone to watch over me : the life and music of Ben
The complete saxophone player. Book 1
The Deacon, unabridged. Vol. 3. 1953 - 1955
Ten famous pop songs for solo or ensemble playing. Alto sax
Mel bay's fingering saxophone chart
Learning the saxophone supplement 2
Take the lead. Alto saxophone : big hits
THE REALLY EASY SAX BOOK + LIITE
Improvised saxophone solos
Pares scales for saxophone : for individual study and like-instrument class instruction
The orchestral saxophonist : volume two
Saxophone & clarinet : an easy guide
Breath of life
Popular solos for the saxophone. 2
The Complete 1937-1940 Small Group Sessions. Vol.2 : 1939-1940
Learn to play sax : a beginner's guide to playing saxophone
The Complete 1937-1940 Small Group Sessions. Vol.1 : 1937-1938
The Hal Russell story
The rough guide to saxophone
Blueprints of jazz. Vol. 2
Saxophone. Book 2 : 42 solo pieces
The Joy of saxophone : easy, familiar solos for Eb Alto Saxophone from baroque to boogie
First studies for the saxophone
The complete Columbia albums collection
Practice sessions : Saxophone
The complete saxophone player. Book 2
EXTRA PICTURE : NEW YORK SESSIONS 14.11.1983
Stan Getz : an annotated bibliography and filmography with song and session information for albums
Tenor saxophone student. Lewel two, (intermediate)
Footprints : the life and work of Wayne Shorter
On the edge of tomorrow
The Blues Chronicles : Tales of life
Sonny Rollins : For all instruments
Soul song
Anyone can play saxophone
The clarinet and saxophone book
More graded studies for saxophone : saxophone study repertoire with supporting simultaneous learning elements. Book two
The Rolling Stones project
Breeze-easy method for saxophone. Book 1
The saxophone intonation workbook
Moa anbessa
Contemporary alto sax solos in pop/jazz styles
Schule fur saxophon (sopran, alt, tenor, bariton und bass). Teil 2
Hearsay
In hi-fi stereo
Mini fake book for saxophone : 101 favourite songs and melodies = 101 beliebte Songs und Melodien = 101 chansons et mélodies à succés
The complete saxophone player. Book 4
The sax & brass book
Only everything
Jazzin' about : fun pieces for clarinet/tenor sax & piano
A history of the saxophone through the pedagogical methods published in France : 1846-1942
Laugh with classical music
Breeze-easy method for saxophone. Book 2
That moaning saxophone : the Six Brown Brothers and the dawning of a musical craze
World after history
Live at Fillmore West
A sea of faces
Sacred ground
New history warfare vol. 3 : to see more light
Developing a personal saxophone sound
Classical & Jazz Saxophone : Two Faces of the Same Instrument
The lyric
Saxophone fingering chart : for Bb soprano, Eb alto, Bb tenor, and Eb baritone saxophones with instrument care, notation, and a photo/diagram
Jazzy saxophone for young players. 1 : For alto or tenor saxophone
Step by step : saxophone : easy pupil-teacher studies
Footprints - live
Let the good times roll
The Fifth century
The Earl Bostic story
Playing the saxophone
The Coming Great Millenium..
Wardell Gray saxophone solos
Universal method for the saxophone : the largest and most complete method ever written for the saxophone
The Gerry Mulligan discography
The Vandoren etude and excercise book for saxophone : the secrets of ten master saxophonists
Sax revelations [Äänite]
Rock & roll saxophone : A study of the basic techniques and sound effects used in Rock and Roll solo performance
Saxophone. Book 1 : 65 solo pieces
African Venus
A Saxophone Primer : for beginning instruction
Hot Jazz : the adventures of Max Zillion and Alto Ego
Advanced sax
Modern etudes for saxophone
Solo pieces. For the intermediate saxophonist
Improve your sight-reading! : a workbook for examinations. Saxophone. Grades 1-5
Phil Woods : 14 originals
Kind of Mulligan
Very easy swing pop. Book 5 : Soprano/tenor saxophone. Grade 1
Masters of jazz saxophone
The art of saxophone playing
Rubank advanced method. Saxophone : vol. 1.
Saxophone : one hundred classical themes
Greatest hits
Solo pieces. For the advanced saxophonist
Saxophone for dummies
Bobby Watson : ETA and 12 more jazz favorites for all instrumentalists
Pearls
Flutes, reeds and trumpets: 2nd pr
For the love of you
Amazing studies. Saxophone
Learning the saxophone intermediate
Astrud Gilberto with Stanley Turrentine
The Best of Art Pepper
Saxophone aerobics : a 52-week, one-exercise-per-day workout program for developing, improving and maintaining saxophone technique : for all levels
Rubank advanced method. Saxophone : vol. II
Everybody's favorite saxophone method : a practical, melodic and progressive approach to playing the saxophone : Omnibus edition
Down home New York
101+ solos. For the saxophone
There's a riot goin' on
Bald headed blues : his complete King recordings 1949-1952
The complete science fiction sessions
Contemporary jazz studies. Vol. 1: Tenor ; Edited by Bobby Keller
The greatest holiday classics
Schule für Saxophon : Sopran, Alt, Tenor, Bariton und Bass = Tutor for the saxophon
Historical recordings. Vol. 2
Saxophone manual : the step-by-step guide to set-up, care and maintenance
Show music for saxophone : thirty-two showstoppers in easy melody-line solos for alto or tenor sax plus guitar chord symbols
FIRST YEAR POPULAR SOLOS FOR ALTO SAX 1.
Winelight
Schule fur saxophon (sopran, alt, tenor, bariton und bass). Teil 1
We thought we could change the world : conversations with Gerard Rouy
Introducing the saxophone
Selected duets for saxophone. 1, (Easy-medium)
Funked up & chilled out
Terror and magnificence
Every night's a Saturday night : the rock 'n' roll life of legendary sax man Bobby Keys
Look out!
Easy swing pop. Book 3 : Clarinet/soprano saxophone/tenor saxophone. Grade 1-2
Charlie Parker omnibook : for C instruments (treble clef), transcribed from his recorded solos, transposed to concert key
The best of Charlie Parker : : a step-by-step breakdown of the styles and techniques of a jazz legend
Tipbook saxophone : the complete guide
Take the lead : a basic manual for the lead alto saxophonist in the jazz band
80 graded studies for saxophone [Nuottijulkaisu] : (alto/tenor) : book one (1-46)
Share my world
Stan Getz : nobody else but me
Arlen plays Arlen : A timeless tribute to Harold Arlen
One night stand : The Town Hall concert 1947
To the eyes of creation
Sound production for the saxophone
Andy Hampton's saxophone basics repertoire : pupil's part
All "Bird" : Play-a-long book & CD set
Inner city blues
Haynes saxophone manual : the step-by-step guide to set-up, care and maintenance
The liquid moves of Lars Gullin : lost jazz files 1959-1963
Blows his wig!
Soul insider
