http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1208 Russians
Russians
Beauty in exile : the artists, models and nobility who fled the Russian revolution and influenced the world of fashion
The brief Russian presence in California yielded some of the earliest ethnography of Native Californians and some of the best collections of their material culture. Unstudied by western scholars because of their being housed in Russian museums, they are presented here for the first time in an English language volume. Descriptions of early nineteenth-century travelers such as von Wrangel and Voznesenskii are followed by a catalog of objects ranging from hunting weapons to household objects to ritual dress to musical instruments, games, and gift objects.
London grad : from Russia with cash : the inside story of the oligarchs
The red scarf
Russian hand-painted trays
Radiant state
Mary
Acculturation of Russian immigrants in Finland : cultural maintenance, interpersonal communications and language skills
Tampere City Tour : A Tour Package for Russian Customers
Russian visitors to Karelia : identity and a critical review of the sources
On a way toward integration : Russian-speaking immigrant adolescents in Finland
Russian America : the forgotten frontier
Sotahistoriallinen aikakauskirja = Journal of military history. 19
Russians in the former Soviet republics
The Russian album
The Russians
The effect of language environment on learning the letter-sound correspondence through graphogame : case stories of eight immigrant children in Finland
Only one year
Russian approaches to peacekeeping operations
Learning and coping of a Russian immigrant entrepreneur in Finland
Biblion : a Russian publishing house in Finland
Customer Satisfaction of Russian and Ukrainian New Year and Christmas charter travelers to Ruka and Kuusamo
Young Russian Men as Cosmetics Consumers
Tax-free shopping in Kajaani by Russian Tourists
Formation of collective identity among Russophone population of Estonia
The Tsarist Secret Police abroad : policing Europe in a modernising world
Russian middle class families on school market in Helsinki metropolitan region : ethnicity versus social class
Black Widow : Deadly origin
A most wanted man
City of thieves
Nation-building in the context of post-communist transformation and globalization : the case of Estonia
Good people
Being bicultural : identity and belonging among 1.5G and 2G Russian immigrants in Finland
Rites of place : public commemoration in Russia and Eastern Europe
Zoo, or, Letters not about love
Summary in Estonian.
Russian managers' perception of Finnish managers
Estonia - a new framework for the Estonian majority and the Russian minority
Diary of a Soviet schoolgirl 1932-1937
A very expensive poison : the definitive story of the murder of Litvinenko and Russia's war with the West
Soviet-occupied Estonia 1963 : montly reports
Snow Germans
Black Widow : The name of the rose
Russian tourists in Porvoo
Introduction ; Bibliography
Transformations of Estonian Russians' cultural identity after the collapse of the Soviet Union
When identity becomes political : the Russophone population of Moldova in social media
The archeology of Russian identity
Market potential of Pohjois-Savo for Russian middle class tourists : a case study of Lohimaa, Vesileppis and Tahko
Abstract: This article examines the interconnectedness of geographical and social mobility using the empirical case of young, highly educated Russian women's migration to Finland. My qualitative interview data shows that an insecure migrant status channels young migrant women to a precarious gendered path from au pairing to studying and working in a low-skilled sector in order to continue residence in Finland. The stories of highly educated migrant women doing domestic and low-skilled work show how geographical mobility is achieved at the cost of descending social status. The empirical discussion demonstrates that “subjects on the move” celebrated by the new mobility paradigm are, in fact, unequally mobile, and achieve mobility at a high social cost, including social downgrading and deskilling. Furthermore, structural vulnerabilities in terms of insecure migrant status create dependence on employers and produce opportunities for the exploitation of migrant labour.
Russian refugees in France and the United States between the World Wars
Letters from the dead : last letters from Soviet men and women who died fighting the nazis (1941-1945)
The Russian diaspora : 1917-1941
The mystery of Olga Chekhova
Photographic biography.
This paper deals with the origin and development of the Russian image of the Vyborg province or "Old Finland" (the Karelian Isthmus and Northern Ladoga region) from the end of the 18th to the beginning of the 20th century. This region aroused the interest of Russia from three viewpoints. Firstly, the area had a developed economy and it was located not far from St. Petersburg. That was why its economic potential attracted Russian scientists. Secondly, the Vyborg province was of interest due to its military-strategic position. The territory was the most important bridgehead close to St. Petersburg. That was why the territory was subjected to close scrutiny by the Russian military officers. Thirdly, from the middle of the 19th century the Russian middle class citizens considered its area to be the part of Europe located nearest to Russia. The Ladoga region became an attraction for Russian tourists. Accordingly, the image of Vyborg province in 19th-century Russia was not homogeneous. The area aroused interest and was of importance for Russia due to various reasons and aspects. The formation of the image underwent considerable deformation after 1917. Nonetheless, it should still be stated that the variety of images of Vyborg province, which were formed during 19th century, did not disappear but continue to develop even at present.
Adjustment of companies to demand shock in the Joensuu region
Interculturalism and new Russian in Berlin
The secret countess
This thesis, commissioned by the Porvoo Tourist Office, is based on a survey done as a project within HAAGA-HELIA Symbio. The study was conducted during the Christmas and New Year season, i.e. late 2009 and early 2010. The research was designed for the Porvoo Tourist Office and the aim was to obtain the expectations and opinions of Russian tourists on their holiday in Porvoo. The research among Russian tourists was done by using both qualitative and quantitative methods. Questionnaires were prepared in Russian and handed out in the Porvoo Christmas/New Year program in the following places: Hotel Haikko Manor, Hotel Sparre, Hotel Seurahovi, Hotel Porvoon Mitta, Ronna's cottages, Porvoo hostel, Gasthaus Werneri, Café Helmer, Porvoo Museum/Old Town Hall, and J.L. Runeberg's home. the interviews were conducted in Haikko Manor. Porvoo is a popular destination among Russian tourists. Russians are the second largest group next to Finnish tourists and the biggest group among foreign tourists. Tourism products of a destination need to be developed continuously in order to become or remain competitive among other destinations. The aim of this thesis was, based on research findings, to give ideas for developing tourism products for Russian tourists visiting Porvoo during the Christmas and New Year season. According to the survey, Porvoo is popular as a destination for short breaks. Russians appreciate nature and friendliness of locals in Porvoo and see it as a good destination for family holidays. Russians like the fact that Porvoo is a calm and romantic small town, full of history. The respondents were interested in architecture, museums and restaurants but also found shopping possibilities important. Russian tourists expected better information and service in their mother tongue. Also, Russians were missing extra activities for families, especially in Russian and a more active nightlife in Porvoo. The results show that although Russian tourists visit Porvoo to have a relaxing holiday, different types of activities are still expected. Russians are active tourists who want to experience new things and to get to know other cultures. Therefore, in order to remain competitive it is important to provide variety in services and activities. Products or services developed for Russian tourists can also be simple things offering something new, but could nonetheless contribute to making the holiday in Porvoo even nicer.
Development of Tourism Services for the Russian Customers in Tampere Region : Tampere - St. Petersburg Connection Project
Russkaâ èmigraciâ : literatura, istoriâ, kinoletopis' : materialy meždunarodnoj konferencii, Tallinn, 12-14 sentâbrâ 2002 = The Russian emigration : literature, history, chronicle of films : materials from the international Conference (Tallinn, Septermber 12-14, 2002)
Tourist behaviour research : What motivates Russian travellers to revisit North Karelia
Buying behavior of Russian customers for children's products in Finland : the children's retail store Rokkibeibi
Bookplates and their owners in Imperial Russia : an illustrated survey of holdings at Stanford University
"This volume is devoted to the relationship between political and social dimensions of nation-building in Estonia. The authors of the volume analyse the Estonian nation-building since 1991, when the Soviet Union collapsed and Estonia regained independence, in the context of post-communist transformation and globalization. Such a double macro-historical change has brought about highly polarized views in society between the ethnic Estonian and Russian-speaking communities on a number of key aspects of nation-building, like ethnic policy, meaning of national integration, etc. The volume argues that national integration can progress only via formation of a unifying citizen identity in Estonia, embedded within democratic political processes"--Publisher's description, back cover.
Developing customer-oriented services for Russian quests in Katinkulta
One good turn : a jolly murder mystery
Hunting Tourism in Finland: Service Product Development for Russian Market
Marketing to the Russian tourists visiting Finland : case Kokemuskauppa.com
Treasures from Native California : the legacy of Russian exploration
Abstract: Russian managers' perception of Finnish managers.
The Role of Social Media in Russian Tourists' Search for Information
St. Petersburg University Students' Consumer Behavior in Outbound Tourism
Journey for our time : the Russian journals of the Marquis de Custine ; edited and translated by Phyllis Penn Kohler ; introduction by Walter Bedell Smith
Russia and the Russians
A repatriated Russian German soldier on a quest for vengeance must confront cultural and psychological problems in this metaphysical tale.
Russia for the advanced  : a foreigner's guide
Black Widow : Web of intrigue
Tax-free shopping in Kajaani by Russian tourists
(Im)mobile lives : young Russian women's narratives of work and citizenship insecurities in Finland
All tbe Russias
Victims of Yalta : the secret betrayal of the allies, 1944-1947
The causes of mortality of the Soviet prisoners of war in German captivity in Norway, 1941-1945
The cossacks 1799-1815
Ethnic minorities of Central and Eastern Europe in the internet space : a computer-assisted content analysis
Characteristics of Demand on Medical Tourism from the Republic of Karelia, Russia, to Finland
"An unsuccessful writer and an inveterate alcoholic, Boris Alikhanov has recently divorced his wife Tatyana, and he is running out of money. The prospect of a summer job as a tour guide at the Pushkin Hills Preserve offers him hope of regaining some balance in life as his wife makes plans to emigrate to the West with their daughter Masha, but during Alikhanov's stay in the rural estate of Mikhaylovskoye, his life continues to unravel. Populated with unforgettable characters-including Alikhanov's fellow guides Mitrofanov and Pototsky, and the KGB officer Belyaev-Pushkin Hills ranks among Dovlatov's renowned works The Suitcase and The Zone as his most personal and poignant portrayal of the Russian attitude towards life and art."--
Soviet-occupied Estonia 1964 : montly reports
The weeping and the laughter
Estonians' and Russian minority's suicides and suicide risk factors : studies on aggregate and individual level
Pavel Tchelitchew : Metamorphoses
The blinded man
The 'Europeanization process' and the minority issue in the EU enlargement of Estonia : the Russian-speaking minority issue in Estonia with reference to the international legislation and the European Parliament's documents in the year 2000
The presentation of Old Finland in the descriptions of Russian travellers and observers from the end of 18th to the beginning of the 20th century
Growth problems of small companies owned by Russians in Finland
Service improvements and marketing development based on Russian market demand : case Peurunka
The purpose of this thesis is to study what motivates Russian travellers to revisit North Karelia. In the theoretical part, this study concentrates on revisit intention and on sub-concepts which influence the decision to revisit. Travel motivation, destination image and Russian tourist behaviour are under investigation in light of revisit intention. The data was gathered in three days in December 2010 at the Niirala International Border Crossing Point where 133 arriving Russians -excluding first-time visitors and travellers going outside North Karelia- were questioned on-site. The questions were in the form of a Likert-scale and only a few of them were open-ended questions. The analyses were done with SPSS-Software, and by using cross tabulations it was possible to investigate associations between two separate variables. The results revealed that 80 % of Russian travellers who were satisfied with their visit and intend to recommend their destination will revisit North Karelia. The effect of quantity of prior visit towards intention to revisit is also strong. Russian travellers are motivated to travel to North Karelia by getting a break from the routine, shopping and relaxation possibilities and there is a strong association between the two previously mentioned motivators and intention to revisit. Importance-Performance Analysis revealed that Russians are not satisfied with the given effort of customer servants` competence in Russian. Russian travellers see North Karelia as a shopping destination which is safe and with possibilities to relax.
To the Harbin Station : the liberal alternative in Russian Manchuria, 1898-1914
Truth and fear
Hart of empire
Anton Chekhov
Russia and the Russians : a history
Russian refuge : religion, migration, and settlement on the North American Pacific rim
Tourism Marketing Opportunities in Russia : case : Kallioplanetaario
East and West : the everyday life of an Estonian individual in the context of Estonian-Russian relations
Cultural minorities in Finland : an overview towards cultural policy
Indiana Jones and the kingdom of the crystal skull
Problems in communication between Russians and Finns
The Russian-speaking immigrants in Finland : identity, community and the life in the frames of multiculturalism
Culture in exile : Russian emigrés in Germany, 1881-1941
Perceived threat and prejudice towards immigrants and Russian minorities living in Finland
The real life of Sebastian Knight
The Russian mind
The present research investigates St. Petersburg university students' consumer behavior in outbound tourism. More specifically, the research studies how experienced university students in St. Petersburg are in travelling abroad, what influences their choice of the travel destination and the type of trip and what motivates them to travel abroad. The topic is prevailing, since Russia has become one of the fastest growing outbound tourism markets in the world. In addition, youth travel has been increasing during the last years and it has become one of the most important tourism sectors. The quantitative data for the research was collected in two universities in St. Petersburg in April 2010 by using a questionnaire. Altogether 108 questionnaires completed by students who had travelled abroad were analysed with the help of Spss.18 and Excel 2007.  The research results indicate that St. Petersburg university students are rather experienced in travelling abroad. The students travel mainly for leisure purposes and with parents or friends. The majority of the trips are made to nearby European destinations. The biggest obstacles to travel are money and lack of free time. Nevertheless, university students are motivated to travel abroad, even to faraway destinations. Relaxing, new cities, cultural attractions, beaches as well as learning languages are the most important travel motivators.
Russian winter
Health and well-being in Moscow and Helsinki
At the beginning of the nineteenth century, the Russian nobility discovered the pristine landscapes of Finland. Travelling from St. Petersburg, they described the territory newly annexed to the Empire as a Northern Arcadia, a rural haven for their body and soul, while Finns were seen as peaceful “children of nature”, humble and honest. How did these idyllic images of Finland develop? More particularly, what was the value of these perceptions in the Russian imperial context? Based on published travel accounts, this An Imperial Idyll investigates the process through which Russians came to describe and depict Finland as part of their Empire. As a historical survey of the construction of Russian representations of Finland, it sheds new light on familiar places such as Imatra, Helsinki, or the Saimaa Canal by analyzing their creation as remarkable sites as a component of Russian imperialism.
Customer satisfaction of Russian and Ukrainian New Year and Christmas charter travellers in Kuusamo and Ruka
Osobennosti natsionalnoi rybalki : Specialities of national fishing
Russian Tourists Overnighting in Helsinki: Information Search and Use of Social Media
Russians as presented in TV documentaries
The gift
Abstract.
Splithead
Developing Tourism Web Service for Russian Tourists: Case Moi Helsinki
The wine of solitude
One good turn
Transnational Russian-American travel writing
Russia and the Russians : a history from earliest times to 2001
Marketing communication plan : case DNA Finland Ltd: how to gain more Russian prepaid subscription customers?
Breakaway : from behind the Iron curtain to the NHL : the untold story of hockey's great escapes
Deception : the untold story of East-West espionage today
Tourism Product Development : Case: Christmas Tourism - Kuhmo Kalevala Spirit Christmas Village
Rock in the East : Expectations Towards a Finnish Rock Festival in the Russian Context
Builders of Alaska : the Russian governors 1818-1867
Abstract: Russian corporate travelling : Finland as a destination for MICE tourism.
The other Russia
Progeny of the icon : émigré Russian revivalism and the viscissitudes of the Eastern Orthodox sacred image
Abstract. - Tiivistelmä. - Sammandrag
Russian America : the great Alaskan venture 1741-1867
Russians as people
Russian women in Denmark : between integration and marginality
The conquest of a continent : Siberia and the Russians
Russian round-the-world voyages, 1803-1849
Russian corporate travelling : Finland as a destination for MICE tourism
Understanding Russian outbound tourism : what the Russian blogosphere is saying about Europe
Russian America : The great Alaskan venture 1741-1867
Children ́s Joensuu : The perceptions of Russian tourists travelling with children
An imperal idyll : Finland in Russian travelogues (1810-1860)
Londongrad : from Russia with cash the inside story of the oligarchs
Blotto, Twinks and the heir to the tsar
Russian emigre life in Shanghai : oral history transcript and related material, 1967
The Andalucian friend
The free world
What language do I dream in? : a memoir
