http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12031 positivity
positivity
Hardwiring happiness : how to reshape your brain and your life
Rainy brain, sunny brain : the new science of optimism and pessimism
How to instantly connect with anyone : 96 all-new little tricks for big success in relationships
10 habits of truly optimistic people : power your life with the positive
The power of thanks : how social recognition empowers employees and creates a best place to work
Mind over medicine : scientific proof you can heal yourself
Upside of stress : why stress is good for you, and how to get good at it
Takin' over : by imposing the positive
How to win friends and influence people
Artist's way for retirement : it's never too late to discover creativity and meaning
10% happier : how I tamed the voice in my head, reduced stress without losing my edge, and found self-help that actually works : a true story
From Scapegoat to Working Mule : Views on the Beneficial Aspects of Video Games in Everyday Life, Education and Business
The magic path of intuition
'How The Secret Changed My Life' presents a selection of the most heartwarming and moving stories in one inspirational volume. Each story provides an authentic, real-life illustration of the pathway that leads to success in every area of life: money, health, relationships, love, family, and career.
Positivity : groundbreaking research to release your inner optimist and thrive
The power of positive teaching : 35 successful strategies for active and enthusiastic classroom participation
How to win friends and influence people in the digital age
Changing course : inspiration, ideas and insights for starting again from the CEO who became a caddie
Positive strategies for students with behavior problems
Positive therapy : a meta-theory for positive psychological practice
Positive leadership : strategies for extraordinary performance
Positive psychology
The artist's way workbook
The key to living the law of attraction : a simple guide to creating the life of your dreams
Improving employee performance through appraisal and coaching
The positive side of interpersonal communication
Practical prosperity magick : crafting success & abundance
Every little thing
The happiness track : how to apply the science of happiness to accelerate your success
The opus : from vision to plan to perform
Heart steps : prayers and declarations for a creative life
Designing your life : how to build a well-lived, joyful life
Colors & numbers : your personal guide to positive vibrations in daily life
The learning to love yourself workbook
Building on past research that includes prosocial-antisocial communication, positive psychology, as well as complementing the dark side of interpersonal communication, this groundbreaking volume brings together veteran interpersonal communication scholars to examine the bright, positive sides of communication in human relations. Together, they begin to frame a conceptual foundation for studies on the positive side of interpersonal communication, or in general terms, relational communication that promotes happiness, health, and wellness. In the process they examine moments of relational beauty, laughter and play, positive emotion, relational support, understanding, and forgiveness, as well as facilitation of positive character traits and positive relational communication values. "The Positive Side of Interpersonal Communication" is intended to serve as a starting point for future research as well as inspiring new areas of interpersonal communication scholarship.
A life worth living : contributions to positive psychology
Don't sweat the small stuff for teens : simple ways to keep your cool in stressful times
"The most powerful word in your leadership vocabulary is. THANKS!..Building a fully engaged, energized workforce is the key to business success. The Power of Thanks reveals how leading companies like Intuit, JetBlue Airways, IHG, Symantec, ConAgra Foods, and The Hershey Company empower employees through social recognition, in which the practice of mutual appreciation and trust directs and rewards higher performance...Eric Mosley and Derek Irvine, executives at the world-renowned employee recognition firm Globoforce, explain why social recognition is so powerful and how you can apply it in your company. Case by case, they show how a carefully.planned and consistently executed Culture of Recognition business strategy inspires:. Greater employee engagement and loyalty. Stronger, more unified teams and departments. A creative, innovative company culture. Improved customer satisfaction. Increased profitability and organizational health..Mosley and Irvine provide practical advice and proven examples for devising a powerful, growth-generating strategy that modernizes employee recognition for today's social, global, multi-generational and 24x7 wired workforce...When employees participate in a culture that makes everyone a stakeholder in the organization's success, positive energy spreads like wildfire, and business results follow. Something so simple and powerful might work like magic, but it's really just common sense. It's smart management. It's long-term thinking...It's The Power of Thanks."--
Appreciative inquiry as an instrument for the human resource management
Oxford handbook of positive psychology
Unlimited : how to build an exceptional life
The artist's way : a spiritual path to higher creativity
100 ways to happiness
Neuroscientist Dr Jenny Barnett, and teacher and mum Alexia Barrable describe scientifically-proven methods by which children's happiness can be boosted in just a few minutes each day. With easy-to-use activities for toddlers through to teenagers, this book steers the reader through simple and practical ways, grounded in scientific research, to enhance children's - and adults' - day-to-day happiness.
Miracles now : 108 life-changing tools for less stress, more flow and finding your true purpose
"There has been an explosion of interest on happiness and positive emotion in both the scientific literature and the popular press. While positive emotion is generally considered a source of good outcomes, recent scientific work in psychology has highlighted the ways in which positive emotion facilitates the pursuit of important goals, contributes to vital social bonds, broadens our scope of attention, and increases psychological and physical well-being. But this wave of interest in positive psychology has to date neglected another important possibility regarding positive emotion--that it may, under certain conditions, be maladaptive. Here, Gruber and Moskowitz propose that the field is now ripe to consider the costs, and not just the benefits, of positive emotion. This book offers the first comprehensive exploration of this phenomenon. It offers a comprehensive summary of current theoretical and empirical work on positive emotion and provides empirical examples of the 'light side' or adaptive benefits of positive emotion according to the degree, context (health, social relationships, coping), and type of adaptive outcome. It also provides empirical examples of the 'dark side' or maladaptive aspects of positive emotion organized according to the degree, context, type and reasons for pursuing positive emotion in healthy and clinical populations. It discusses therapeutic applications regarding how to cultivate and foster healthy positive emotion, and suggests future research to better understand the nature of positive emotion"--
The power of positive thinking
SUMO (Shut up, move on) : the straight-talking guide to creating and enjoying a brilliant life
The antidote : happiness for people who can't stand positive thinking
The Tibetan art of positive thinking : skilful thought for successfull living
Handsfree : David Lega's inspiring journey
The miracle morning : the 6 habits that will transform your life before 8am
Against happiness : in praise of melancholy
Character builders : positive attitudes and peacemaking for primary children : a program to enhance positive attitudes and peacemaking skills pre-school through third grade
Wallace D. Wattles' the science of getting rich : a modern-day interpretation of a personal finance classic
Chakra awakening : transform your reality using crystals, color, aromatherapy & the power of positive thought
Individual skills for positive global change
Mood mapping : plot your way to emotional health and happiness
Whale done! : the power of positive relationships
Keep moving : and other tips and truths about aging
A psychologist explains how to create a richer, healthier, more fulfilling life through a process called the upward spiral that incorporates innovative techniques for using positivity to influence relationships, health, and work.
How the secret changed my life : real people, real stories
Positive psychology : the scientific and practical explorations of human strengths
Belief re-patterning : the amazing technique for "flipping the switch" to positive thoughts
Bright-sided : how the relentless promotion of positive thinking has undermined America
A primer in positive psychology
Agreed! : improve your powers of influence
How The Secret changed my life : real people, real stories
SAS and Special Forces fitness training : an elite workout program for body and mind
Resilience : how to cope when everything around you keeps changing
Positive psychology : the science of happiness and human strengths
You are the placebo : making your mind matter
A great day at the office : 10 simple strategies for maximising your energy and getting the best out of yourself and your day
How to sell yourself
Flourish : a new understanding of happiness and well-being - and how to achieve them
Authentic happiness : using the new positive psychology to realise your potential for lasting fulfillment
Designing information and organizations with a positive lens
Executive coach and psychologist Marshall Goldsmith discusses the emotional triggers that set off a reaction or a behavior in us that often works to our detriment. Do you find that at times you suddenly become defensive or enraged by an idle comment from a colleague? Or that your temper rises when another car cuts you off in traffic? Your reactions don't occur in a vacuum. They are the result of emotional and psychological triggers that often happen only in specific settings -- at meetings, or in competitive situations, or with a specific person who rubs you the wrong way, or when you feel under particular pressure. Being able to recognize those triggers and understand how the environment affects our behavior is key to controlling our responses and managing others at work and in life. Make no mistake -- change is hard. And the starting point is the willingness to accept help, and the desire to change. Over the course of this book, Marshall explores the power of active questions to get us to take responsibility for our actions -- and our failure to act. Questions such as "Did I do my best to make progress toward my goal?" "Did I work hard at being fully engaged?" He discusses the importance of structure in effecting permanent change. Because, he points out, change is hard, and without a structure to keep us on track, we inevitably relapse and fall back. Filled with stories from Marshall's work with executives and leaders, Triggers shows readers how to achieve meaningful and sustained change that will allow us to open our imaginations and escape the rigidity of binary thinking.
Hug your customers : love the results
"Everyone cares about positive emotion and what makes us happy. But do we really know both sides of the story about our most treasured feelings? This comprehensive volume provides the first account of the light and the dark sides of positive emotion, and how they can help us and sometimes even hurt us"--
Hardwiring happiness : the new brain science of contentment, calm, and confidence
New philosophies of learning
Even happier : a gratitude journal for daily joy and lasting fulfillment
You can't afford the luxury of a negative thought : a book for people with any life-threatening illness - including life!
Bounce : how champions are made
Rejection proof : how to beat fear and become invincible
Cheer up your teddy bear, Emily Brown!
Positive emotion : integrating the light sides and dark sides
Selling in today's economy : applying laws of physics and performance art to gain the cutting edge
The power of appreciative inquiry : a practical guide to positive change
The complete artist's way : creativity as a spiritual practice
The Yes
Freedom : political, metaphysical, negative and positive
The brain's way of healing : stories of remarkable recoveries and discoveries
Motivation factors enabling positive deviance at workplace
Growing up happy
Positive thinking
♯Now : the surprising truth about the power of now
Treasure yourself : power thoughts for my generation
You can be happy : the scientifically proven way to change how you feel
Miracles now : 108 life-changing tools for less stress, more flow, and finding your true purpose
The happiness advantage : the seven principles of positive psychology that fuel success and performance at work
Peace of mind : words of wisdom to confort & inspire
Learned optimism : how to change your mind and your life
Positive teaching, positive learning
A psychology of human strengths : fundamental questions and future directions for a positive psychology
Managing workplace negativity
Positivity : groundbreaking research reveals how to embrace the hidden strength of positive emotions, overcome negativity, and thrive
How your mind can heal your body
Authentic happiness : using the new positive psychology to realize your potential for deep fulfillment
The magic of thinking big
Better because of you
Triggers : sparking positive change and making it last
