http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12049 teaching materials
teaching materials
Teaching primary history : key stages 1 and 2
An annotated survey of teaching materials for jazz improvisation
Directory of transferable products/results
Admissions : English & psychiatric care
Using books in the primary school
Who are you? : photocopy-free questionnaires for language practice
The open learning handbook : selecting, designing and supporting open learning materials
Theoretical background and development of instructional materials
Enhancing physics education in the National Defence University : a design based research approach in the production of learning material
Abstract: Ergonomic teaching package for the workers of a service home for mentally challenged adults.
This study examines the professed and actual practices of assessment of freshman year composition instructors. The aim of the study was to elicit the criteria and standards of assessment that guided the instructor's readings of the documents created by students for a visual rhetoric assignment. A set of interviews conducted at the beginning and end of the semester provided the data for analysis. A traditional grounded method of qualitative analysis was combined with a network textual analysis to understand the individual instructor accounts of their experience evaluating the student works.
Nursing. 1, Teacher's resource book
Open road. Course 1
English for the teacher : a language development course
Nursing. 2, Teacher's resource book
Business friend's guide. 3
Music about the seasons
English for you, too!. Book 1, Opettajan aineisto
Pair work. 2, Intermediate to upper-intermediate
Developing the secondary school library resource centre
Play it again, teacher! : teacher education playing cards
Who were the Romans?
Narrative analysis
What's on?. 3-4, Test it
All new 100 literacy hours : year 3
Preparing materials for open, distance and flexible learning : an action guide for teachers and trainers
Hooked on English [Moniviestin] : Opi puhumaan englantia
3 go de dekiru! : shogakkou no kyoshitsu eigo fureezushu
This Reader came out of the material chosen by Simryn Gill for the young artists participating in her Master Class in the summer of 2011 at the Saari Manor in Southern Finland. In its printed book format, the Reader is a way of sharing the inspiration these texts, written by very differnt authors, give to think about art, the how and why of making art, with a community of readers.
New business friend's guide. 2
Songs alive : English through traditional songs
Teaching introductory psychology
Dissemination and commercialisation of training products : guidelines for promoters of training projects
Concept cartoons in science education
Children's perceptions of norms and sanctions in two cultures
Chemistry : concepts and problems : a self-teaching guide
Finnish summary.
The use of literature in EFL textbooks : a historical overview
Enter : electricity and electronics : ohjaajan materiaali
Some principal results of the studies carried out in the research project on instructional material
Learning from the land : teaching ecology through stories and activities
Reaching out through comics : co-creating comics for environmental education
Essentials of organizational behavior, Instructor's manual with test item file
Architecture and art : cultural heritage sites : teachers guide
WHO BUILT THE PYRAMIDS?
Activities for active learning and teaching : selections from the mathematics teacher
Visualizing chemistry : investigations for teachers
The battle of the birds : traditional tales of New Zealand
Teaching the Holocaust : practical approaches for ages 11-18
Instructional design for special education
Young learners
From international understanding to peace education and world order studies
Ruslan Russian. 1 : teachers notes : suggestions, ideas and activities for the classroom for teachers using the Ruslan Russian course : photocopiable worksheets
What's on?. 5-6 : Test it
The analysis of the instructor accounts reveals three kinds of closely related problems inherent in the assessment of multimodality. First, there is a problem associated with the use of conventional criteria of texts, such as clarity or coherence, when instructors attempt to apply those to visuals. Secondly, there is a problem associated with the instructors attempt to describe the inter-dynamic relationship between the textual mode and the visual mode. These problems are related by a term, ''linkage,'' which is defined as containing material, technical, and theoretical aspects. Finally, there is a problem in the actual assessment of the projects that seems to be a consequence of the multiplicity of meaning available in the complex compositions. The instructors seem to abandon a criterion motivated assessment in favor of a more holistic procedure that relies upon implicit standards of rhetorical affect or creative or aesthetic qualities. The study concludes with recommendations for improved assessment practice and suggestions for further research.
100+ ideas for children : a teacher's resource book of topic-based activities for children
Lessons and activities in American sign language
Pair work. 1, Elementary to pre-intermediate
The art of instruction : vintage educational charts from the 19th and 20th centuries
Teacher's book of the Pictorial histories. Book 1, A first course of history
Using newspapers in the classroom
The pronunciation of English : a workbook
Producing teaching materials : a handbook for teachers and trainers
Internet English : www-based communication activities
Designing open and distance learning materials
Cambridge academic English : an integrated skills course for EAP : advanced. Teacher's book
Instructor's manual to accompany Software engineering : a practioner's approach
Assessing visual rhetoric : problems, practices and possible solutions
Distributed learning
The biology teacher's handbook
What were castles for?
Transparency masters for Software engineering : a practitioner's approach, 3/e
Teaching science fact with science fiction
Watson's back pocket. 3-4
Take off! : opettajan opas
Write around the world : producing bilingual resources for the primary classroom
Project seasons : hands-on activities for discovering the wonders of the world
Write to be read : reading, reflection, and writing : teacher's manual
Ensiapu : opetuskuvia : opetuskuva-aineisto Suomen Punaisen Ristin kouluttajille : undervisningsbilder : undervisningsbilder för rödakorsutbildare = First aid : training material : training material for Red Cross instructors = Första hjälpen
String method : Book 1
A framework for task-based learning
Montessori play & learn : a parent's guide to purposeful play from two to six
Open road. Course 1, Tests
Who were the vikings?
Ergonomic teaching pakage for the workers of a service home for mentally challenged adults
Teaching children about food : a teaching and activities guide
Entrepreneurship education : lets learn together!
Critical thinking in consumer behavior : cases and experiential exercises
Designing a simple folder structure for a complex domain
Literature with a small 'I'
The resourceful history teacher
ECCH Collection : management cases
