http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12039 scriptwriters
scriptwriters
Creative screenwriting : [a practical guide]
The screenwriter's roadmap : 21 ways to jumpstart your story
The screenwriter's survival guide : or, guerilla meeting tactics and other acts of war
Eye on the world : conversations with international filmmakers
Screenwriters : America's storytellers in portrait
A disease of language
Writing for the Screen is a collection of essays and interviews exploring the business of screenwriting. This highly accessible guide to working in film and television includes perspectives from industry insiders on topics such as breaking in; pitching; developing and nurturing business relationships; juggling multiple projects; and more. Writing for the Screen is an ideal companion to screenwriting and filmmaking classes, demystifying the industry and the role of the screenwriter with real-world narratives and little-known truths about the business. With insight from working professionals, you'll be armed with the information you need to pursue your career as a screenwriter.
The 101 habits of highly successful screenwriters : insider secrets from Hollywood's top writers
Bossypants
This business of screenwriting : how to protect yourself as a screenwriter
Vale's technique of screen and television writing
Tales from the script : 50 Hollywood Screenwriters share their stories
Save the cat! strikes back : more trouble for screenwriters to get into and out of
Guy Maddin : interviews
The new screenwriter looks at the new screenwriter
On the buses : the complete story
From the Atelier Tovar : selected writings
The long shadow
Screenwriters on screenwriting : the best in the business discuss their craft
Fifty contemporary filmmakers
The girl with the lower back tattoo
The rewrite
Tintin : the art of Hergé : from the archives of the Hergé Museum
The elements of screenwriting : a guide for film and television writers
Framework : a history of screenwriting in the American film
Save the cat! goes to the movies : the screenwriter's guide to every story ever told
Women screenwriters today : their lives and words
Write to TV : out of your head and onto the screen
Celebrity
The fade out
Three uses of the knife : on the nature and purpose of drama
Writing for the screen
Writing the character-centered screenplay : updated and expanded edition
US television drama has gained recognition for its sophisticated narrative form, and the role of the writer has been central to this. Here television writers share their experiences and practices of writing for highly successful shows such as The Sopranos, Seinfeld, Cheers, Sex and the City, The Wire, Mad Men, The Big C and Boardwalk Empire.
Anime : a history
Convincing Alex
Joss Whedon : the biography
Interaction on the Page : Paratexts in two manuscripts of the Middle English Polychronicon
Truths, half truths and little white lies
A step by step guide to strengthen structure, characters, and drama in your screenplay
Redshirts
Haymarket: theatre of perfection
Screenwriting
Lights, camera...travel! : on-the-road tales from screen storytellers
The Rewrite
Frank Jacobs : five decades of his greatest works
""If I could take what I've learned and make one menial job easier for you, or prevent you from having the kind of sex where you feel you must keep your sneakers on in case you want to run away during the act, then every misstep of mine was worthwhile. I'm already predicting my future shame at thinking I had anything to offer you, but also my future glory in having stopped you from trying an expensive juice cleanse or thinking that it was your fault when the person you are dating suddenly backs away, intimidated by the clarity of your personal mission here on earth. No, I am not a sexpert, a psychologist or a dietician. I am not a mother of three or the owner of a successful hosiery franchise. But I am a girl with a keen interest in having it all, and what follows are hopeful dispatches from the frontlines of that struggle.""--
Writing short films : structure and content for screenwriters
A whore's profession : notes and essays
George S. Kaufman and the Algonquin Round Table
This essential companion offers invaluable insights and solid, practical guidance to those keen to write for TV and radio. Part 1 explores the nature of the media. It looks at the history of writing drama and comedy for radio and TV through a consideration of its key elements and some of the most successful dramas and comedies of past and present. Part 2 includes reflections and tips from award-winning writers of film, television and radio from the UK, the US and Scandinavia. Part 3 offers practical advice on technical aspects of writing for TV and radio including character development, structure and dialogue. It also gives guidance on how to deal with branches of the broadcasting industry, from agents and actors to producers and script editors.
Creating television : conversations with the people behind 50 years of American TV
Joss Whedon : the complete companion : the TV series, the movies, the comic books and more
The screenwriter's handbook. 2009
Zen and the art of screenwriting : insights and interviews
Working with Pinter
The Pinter problem
Emeric Pressburger : the life and death of a screenwriter
Harold Pinter
The impossible has happened : the life and work of Gene Roddenberry, creator of Star Trek : a biography
What happens next
Screenwriting tips, you hack : 150 practical pointers for becoming a better screenwriter
The final victim of the blacklist : John Howard Lawson, dean of the Hollywood Ten
Screenwriting : exercises by today's best writers and teachers
You can't touch my hair and other things I still have to explain
Year of yes : how to dance it out, stand in the sun and be your own person
Hollywood exile : or, How I learned to love the blacklist : a memoir
Writing screenplays that sell
Agee on film. 2, Five film scripts
Playing with memories : essays on Guy Maddin
Story and character : interviews with British screenwriters
Writing left-handed
Fifth Avenue, 5 A.M. : Audrey Hepburn, Breakfast at Tiffany's, and the dawn of the modern woman
Stephen Poliakoff on stage and screen
Screenwriters on screenwriting
Into the past : the cinema of Guy Maddin
The craft of the screenwriter : interviews with six celebrated screenwriters
Some time in the sun
The making of zombie wars
African-American screenwriters now : conversations with Hollywood's black pack
Plots and characters : a screenwriter on screenwriting
Inside the writers' room : conversations with American TV writers
Words into images : screenwriters on the studio system
Promise : how an inspired screenplay became a movie
Joss Whedon : geek king of the universe : a biography
The screenwriter's handbook. 2010
The age of gold : surrealist cinema
What happens next : a history of American screenwriting
Scriptwriter
And the best screenplay award goes to... : learning from the winners: Sideways, Shakespeare in love, Crash
The queen of new beginnings
Prince of stories : the many worlds of Neil Gaiman
Why not me?
Going mad in Hollywood : and life with Lindsay Anderson
The screenwriter's bible : a complete guide to writing, formatting, and selling your script
Not that kind of girl : a young woman tells you what she's "learned"
Writing for TV and radio : a writer's and artists' companion
Screen adaptation : a scriptwriting handbook
Episodes. Season 1
International dictionary of films and filmmakers. 4, Writers and production artists
Screenwriting 101 : the essential craft of feature film writing
Filmmaking : the collaborative art
Trevor Griffiths : politics, drama, history
Love & loyalty
The art and science of screenwriting
Therapy : a novel
Batman : the complete history : the life and times of the dark knight
Alternative scriptwriting
The screenwriter's bible : a complete guide to writing, formatting and selling your script
Year of yes
King Pulp : the wild world of Quentin Tarantino
Soul music : the pulse of race and music
Going to the movies : A personal journey through four decades of modern film
The disenchanted
Dario Argento : the man, the myths & the magic
Death of a scriptwriter
The Devil's guide to Hollywood : the screenwriter as god!
Jennifer Saunders : the biography
Conversations with screenwriters
The perfect pitch : how to sell yourself and your movie idea to Hollywood
Adventures in the screen trade : a personal view of Hollywood and screenwriting
Authorship and the films of David Lynch : aesthetic receptions in contemporary Hollywood
Top secrets : screenwriting
I can barely take care of myself : tales from a happy life without kids
Jacques Prévert : popular French theatre and cinema
Arthur Miller's global theater
Raymond Chandler and film
