http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12032 transportation engineering
transportation engineering
Mobile lives : self, excess and nature
OECD workshop on knowledge-based expert systems in transportation : Espoo, Finland, 26-28 June, 1990. Vol. 1
Time innovation and mobilities : travels in technological cultures
Handbook of food engineering practice
The air transport system
Use of neural networks in robot positioning of large flexible redundant manipulators
Enter :  cars and logistics : ohjaajan materiaali
Temperature fluctuations and heat transport in nanoelectronics
Information society and the demand for transport : effects of telecommunications on travel behaviour and urban freight traffic
Supply chain management
The Baltic Sea region 2014 : ten policy-oriented articles from scholars of the University of Turku
Theoretical and experimental studies of a long stroke pumping unit with an auto-mechanical reverse mechanism and a sliding counterweight
Altar of Eden
Logistics and supply-chain management : text and cases
Recent developments in transport modelling : lessons for the freight sector
Robotic micromanipulation and microassembly : modelling and practices
Descriptions of Finnish vocational qualifications in Finnish, Swedish, English, German and French. Technology. 1 : vehicles and transportation, machinery and metal technology, electrical engineering
Enter : cars and logistics
High technology in Finland 1995
Developing intermodal services by networking strategies
Introduction to transportation engineering
E-Port : improving the efficiency of Finnish ports with intelligent systems : final report of the Mobile Port project
The TransNav 2013 Symposium held at the Gdynia Maritime University, Poland in June 2013. Topics at the Symposium were: navigation, safety at sea, sea transportation, education of navigators and simulator-based training, sea traffic engineering, ship's manoeuvrability, integrated systems, electronic charts systems, satellite and radio-navigation.
The flexibility behaviour of a spatial parallel mechanism
The nuclear import mechanism of SRF co-activator MKL1
Distributor : the Finnish logistics review
Conservation and care of glass objects
Growth, competitiveness and employment : White Paper follow-up. Report on Europe and the global information society. Interim report on trans-European neyworks. Progress report on employment. Extracts of the conclusions of the Precidency of the Corfu European Council
OECD workshop on knowledge-based expert systems in transportation : Espoo, Finland, 26-28 June, 1990. Vol. 2
Metaheuristics meet metamodels : a modeling language and a product line architecture for route optimization systems
Standard handbook for civil engineers
Stainless steels in transport industry : proceedings of the NI-seminar "Stainless Steels in Transport Industry", February 4.-5.1998
Heat and mass transfer in turbulent moist air drying processes : experimental and theoretical work
Controlling distribution with neural networks
Motion planning of a walking platform designed to locomote on natural terrain
Network strategies in Europe : developing the future for transport and ICT
Transportation planning and the future
The Facilities Management Handbook gives a complete overview of the role of a Facilities Manager. It provides all the relevant legal compliance, strategic policies and best practice information needed to ensure the safe, efficient and cost-effective running of any facilities function. Complete with checklists and sources of further information, this book offers easy-to-find practical advice to this broad and complex field. This new edition reflects the greater awareness of sustainable practices, as well as bringing the book up-to-date in line with changes to legislation. This title: clearly explains UK Health & Safety legislation providing unambiguous information needed for legal compliance; gives an overview to the diverse duties covered by a facilities manager, eliminating the need for separate references; and, includes checklists and sources of further information for easy-to-find advice.
Le froid au service de l'homme : 16th international congress of refrigeration, Paris 1983. 2.
Planning a layout design for the washing line of Parker Hannifin Oy
Redesign of transfer capabilities : studies in container shipping services
Transport communications : understanding global networks enabling transport services
Towards simplified deinking systems : a study of the effects of ageing, pre-wetting and alternative pulping strategy on ink behaviour in pulping
Marine navigation and safety of sea transportation : Maritime transport & shipping
Sustainable surface transport research : 7th framework programme 2007-2013 : project synopses. 2, Calls 2010 to 2013.
6th International Symposium on Postharvest Physiology of Ornamental Plants : Oslo, Norway 17-22 June 1995
A road to European co-operation : Industrial and Materials Technologies Programme 1994/1998
Proceedings of the 11th Mini-EURO Conference on Artificial Intelligence in Transportation Systems and Science, and the 7th EURO-Working Group Meeting on Transportation : August 2-6, 1999 : Helsinki University of Technology, Espoo, Finland
Introduction to thermal systems engineering : thermodynamics, fluid mechanics and heat transfer
Transport systems are continuously evolving. A modern transport system needs to be sustainable socially, economically and environmentally. In recent decades, technological development, especially in information and communication technology, has affected today's transport systems. Three different cases are explored in this dissertation: intelligent transport systems in general, electromobility systems, and road weather and maintenance systems. Intelligent transport systems encompass a broad range of information and communication technologies that improve the safety, efficiency and performance of the transportation system. In addition to intelligent transport systems, electric vehicle systems have emerged because of increasing environmental concerns as well as oil depletion issues. Furthermore, the road weather and maintenance system is an interesting case especially in latitudes with severe weather. Despite vast amounts of recent research on the aforementioned topics, most previous studies have focused on the technical side, such as developing, prototyping and testing the technologies, whereas only a few studies have focused on the business aspects. Therefore, this dissertation aims to enrich the analysis of the emerging transportation sector under technological change from the business perspective and to provide new insights for future research. The purpose of this study is to explore the emerging transportation sector from several viewpoints by conducting empirical case studies. The cases covered are analysed through the perspectives of markets, business ecosystems and business models. The geographical scope of the research is mainly limited to Finland, especially its intelligent transport systems and road weather maintenance infrastructure. The global perspective is adopted in the case of electric vehicles. The nature of this research is qualitative, and inductive reasoning is applied. The research examines the characteristics of the market, business ecosystem, and business models that emerge transport systems under technological change. Furthermore, based on the findings of the case studies, a holistic framework model is developed to understand the technological system by integrating the viewpoints of markets, business ecosystems and business models
Liikennetekniikan sanasto : suomi - ruotsi - englanti - saksa = Vocabulary of transportation engineering : Finnish - Swedish - English - German
Facilities management handbook
Nucleocytoplasmic transport mechanism for actin
Advanced technologies to optimize manpower on board ships : ATOMOS
ATZ AutoTechnology
POAC'13 : the proceedings of the 22nd International Conference on Port and Ocean Engineering under Arctic Conditions, June 9-13, 2013, Espoo, Finland : abstracts
The transformation of governance in the European Union
Introduction to logistics engineering
Relevance of information and communications technologies for shipping : RIACT
Transportation
Exploring technology
English for maritime studies
Engineering in the ancient world
Production techniques of logging residue chips in Finland
Two prime movers of globalization : the history and impact of diesel engines and gas turbines
Transport chain development programme KETJU 1998-2000 : final report
Mechanical engineering research in Finland 2000-2007 : international evaluation
The off-road vehicle. Volume 1
Logistics and transportation security : a strategic, tactical, and operational guide to resilience
APGM, Automated People and Goods Mover : feasibility study: case Tampere
Harvard business review on the business value of IT
Advanced logistics and road freight transport
Thomas' stowage : the properties and stowage of cargoes
Procedures and conservation standars for museum collections in transit and on exhibition
Policy and project proposals for the development of a multimodal transport system in the ESCWA region
Handbook of transport modelling
Factor four : doubling wealth - halving resource use : the new report to the Club of Rome
Le froid au service de l'homme : 16th international congress of refrigeration, Paris 1983. 4.
Climate change and risks to the built environment
Near-Earth laser communications
Transportation engineering : theory, practice and modeling
Intelligent transportation systems : from good practices to standards
Transportation systems reliability and safety
Unit operations of chemical engineering
Transport and the development of the European economy, 1750-1918
IEEE intelligent transportation systems magazine
Nanotechnology in drug delivery
Exploring the transport system under technological change : market, business ecosystem and business model viewpoints
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Robotics : control, sensing, vision, and intelligence
Albright's chemical engineering handbook
Review of transport in ESCWA member countries
Le froid au service de l'homme : 16th international congress of refrigeration, Paris 1983. 5.
