http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12081 sense of humour
sense of humour
Humor as survival training for a stressed-out world : the 7 humor habits program
Humor in business : case analysis of South Korean humorous advertisements
The Xenophobe's guide to the Finns
This thesis aims to explore business opportunities through discovering factors that are needed to be known to understand Korean sense of humor, Hae-Hak, in practice on external communication with advertisement. By focusing on the research on specific examples of Korean advertisements that Hae-Hak is used, this paper will help you to understand Korean sense of humor. Under the HURMOS Project, to discover the utility of humor in business life of South Korea, research has been done.
Gender and humor : interdisciplinary and international perspectives
Humour and religion : challenges and ambiguities
Cracking up : American humor in a time of conflict
A funny thing happened on the way to the agora : ancient Greek and Roman humour
Humor in Business : an Indian Subcontinent Perspective
The sense of humor : explorations of a personality characteristic
The mammoth book of great British humour
The objective of this thesis is to explore humor in Indian Subcontinent. It is known that Humor is different in culture, age, time and situation. European people occasionally do not understand Indian Subcontinent humor vice versa. World becomes a global village. Humor may become international over the world. Companies may use humorous messages to communicate with their customers. It is perceptible in Television, You Tube etc. Young generations may expect humorous and relaxing working environment. So humor is very much significant for both internal and external marketing communication. For this thesis, both secondary and primary data was collected from different sources. Primary data was collected through questionnaires and interviews of 25 respondents. The research work was an exploratory qualitative research work. Indian people make fun with their friends, co-workers and relatives. So it may be vital to practice more humor while doing business in Indian Subcontinent. Executives need to manage the age, religion, society, culture, time, situation and environmental factors before making humor in business. Right humor at right time in right condition can build a successful business deal. Generally Indian Subcontinent people use numerous humor tools in their daily life such as Anecdotal, Black/Dark/Morbid, Deadpan/Dry, Farcical, Hyperbolic, Ironic, Mordant, Parodic, Satirical, Screwball, Self-deprecating, Situational and Slapstick humor. Humor helps to target people, motivate employees and driving them to achieve organizational goals, reduce tiredness, monotony, boredom, improve business communications, relationships, increase trust and rapport, better morale, sales and productivity, and also improve overall effectiveness and efficiency of the workers. Right humor at right time in right situation can end up with a successful business negotiation in Indian Subcontinent.
The dynamic concept of humor : Erich Fromm and the possibility of humane humor
As far as we know, only human beings have a sense of humour - although chimps might laugh when tickled, and dogs respond similarly in play, Seth McFarlane's fan-base is comprised exclusively of humans. Whilst animals and robots might feature as prominent characters in our favourite comic movies, shows and stand-up routines, we have no reason to suspect that their real-life brethren get the joke. Drawing on the philosophy of Martin Heidegger, Shaun May attempts to address this issue - suggesting that there is something distinctive about human beings which grounds our ability to make and comprehend jokes. Guiding the reader through a range of examples, including the films of Charlie Chaplin, the stand-up of Francesca Martinez, the TV show Family Guy and Samuel Beckett's Endgame, he demonstrates that in order to get the joke you have to 'be there'.
In the mid-seventies, both gender studies and humor studies emerged as new disciplines, with scholars from various fields undertaking research in these areas. The first publications that emerged in the field of gender studies came out of disciplines such as philosophy, history, and literature, while early works in the area of humor studies initially concentrated on language, linguistics, and psychology. Since then, both fields have flourished, but largely independently. This book draws together and focuses the work of scholars from diverse disciplines on intersections of gender and humor, giving voice to approaches in disciplines such as film, television, literature, linguistics, translation studies, and popular culture.
Character strengths and virtues : a handbook and classification
A philosophy of comedy on stage and screen : you have to be there
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
