http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12065 mainlands
mainlands
Seven continents
Strategies for transferring cultural capital : the case of highly skilled Finns in Europe
The solid earth : an introduction to global geophysics
'My name is Harriet Manners, and I am a geek' ...  Harriet Manners knows many facts. And she knows everything there is to know about Paris - except what to do when you're the hottest new model at Fashion Week. Can Harriet find her je ne sais quoi or will it be sacre bleu! on the runway?
Antarctica ahoy : the ice book
Weak profitability is a major problem for the European banking sector. Particularly in the euro area, a weakly performing economy and related impairment losses, subdued credit dynamics and prolonged low interest rates have weakened banks' profitability. The profitability of major European banks has also been undermined by court costs and sanctions imposed by the authorities. Growing regulation and an influx of new competitors on the market increase the need for balance sheet adjustment. The changes also affect Finnish banks.
Shackleton's whisky : the extraordinary story of an heroic explorer and twenty-five cases of unique MacKinlay's Old Scotch
Antarctica : No single country, no single sea
Shaftesbury and the deist manifesto
Shackleton : Antarctic odyssey
Geochemistry and petrology of the ferropicrite dikes and associated rocks of Vestfjella, western Dronning Maud Land, Antarctica
Monte Carlo waveform inversion and deep continental structure = Monte Carlo golfvorm inversie en de diepe structuur vancontinenten
Basen Vestfjella, Dronning Maud Land, Antarctica
The Race for the South Pole : the expedition diaries of Scott and Amundsen
Finlands Antarctic Research Strategy
Is Inspired by Design a Copyright Infringement?
Antarctica Ahoy!
Annual cycle of the active surface layer in Western Dronning Maud Land, Antarctica
Finnarp Symposium, Helsinki, Finland, 5 October 1993
Svalbard summer melting, continentality and sea ice extent from the Lomonosovfonna ice core
Rethinking Euro-anthropology : part two
Multicultural manners : new rules of etiquette for a changing society
Frozen planet : a world beyond imagination
The great divide : history and human nature in the old world and the new
In November 2015, the European Commission proposed that a new European Deposit Insurance Scheme be established. The new scheme was to be launched at the beginning of 2017 and the reform include an 8-year transitional period. During this period the responsibility for pay-outs was to gradually be transferred from national level to the European Deposit Insurance Scheme by 2024..
A bibliography of South Asian folklore
A dream of ice
Annual cycle of the active surface layer in western Dronning Maud Land, Antarctica
From pillar to post
Graphical representation of sound trademarks - past, present and future
Bryony Randall explores the twin concepts of daily time and of everyday life through the writing of several major modernist authors. The book begins with a contextualising chapter on the psychologists William James and Henri Bergson. It goes on to devote chapters to Dorothy Richardson, Gertrude Stein, H. D. and Virginia Woolf. These experimental writers, she argues, reveal everyday life and daily time as rich and strange, not simply a banal backdrop to more important events. Moreover, Randall argues that paying attention to the everyday and daily time can be politically empowering and subversive. The specific social and cultural context of the early twentieth century is one in which the concept of daily time is particularly strongly challenged. By examining Modernism's engagement with or manifestation of this notion of daily time, she reveals a highly original perspective on their concerns and complexities.
Seabed politics
Origins : the evolution of continents, oceans, and life
Soils of the world II : soil geography
Partnership in Europe : its variety, trends and dissolution : a section of a work in progress
Contemporary world regional geography : global connections, local voices
Transnational heritage in the making : strategies for narrating cultural heritage as European in the intergovernmental initiative of the European heritage label
The comet seekers
Here be dragons : how the study of animal and plant distributions revolutionized our views of life and Earth
The radiation, snow characteristics and albedo at Summit (RASCALS) expedition report
Introduced reindeer on South Georgia : a management dilemma
Sea-bed energy and mineral resources and the law of the sea. 1, The areas within national jurisdiction
The ends of the earth : an anthology of the finest writing on the Arctic and the Antarctic
Third Indian Antarctic Expedition 1983-84 : expedition album
1988-1994 supplement to The centennial index
Risks related to economic and credit cycles
Major changes underway in European banking sector
Leading at the edge : leadership lessons from the extraordinary saga of Shackleton's Antarctic expedition
Vanished ocean : how Tethys reshaped the world
Call of the white : taking the world to the South Pole : eight women, one unique expedition
A review of tourism research in the polar regions
How mountains are made
The centennial index : one hundred years of the Journal of American folklore
Interpreting ancient ice in a shallow ice core from the South Yamato (Antarctica) blue ice area using flow modeling and compositional matching to deep ice cores
The Philosophy of Social Practices : A Collective Acceptance View
Antarctica / A lonely planet travel survival kit
I am just going outside : Captain Oates - Antarctic tragedy
On the behaviour of tropospheric and stratospheric ozone in Northern Europe and in Antarctica 1987-90
South : the story of Shackleton's last expedition
The sound of seas
Norwegian Antarctic Research Expedition (NARE) 2000-2001
This book explores the unique way in which Russian culture constructs the notion of everyday life, or byt, and offers the first unified reading of Silver-age narrative which it repositions at the centre of Russian modernism. Drawing on semiotics and theology, Stephen C. Hutchings argues that byt emerged from a dialogue between two traditions, one reflected in western representational aesthetics for which daily existence figures as neutral and normative, the other encapsulated in the Orthodox emphasis on iconic embodiment. Hutchings identifies early 'Decadent' formulations of byt as a milestone after which writers from Chekhov to Rozanov sought to affirm the iconic potential hidden in Russian realism's critique of representationalism. Provocative, yet careful, textual analyses reveal a consistent urge to redefine art's function as one not of representing life, but of transfiguring the everyday.
Banks concerned about profitability and the sustainability of their operating models
South Pole : windswept dream
Race to the Pole
Mind over matter : the epic crossing of the Antarctic continent
Ship-based polar tourism in the Northeast Passage : a case study
Relative importance of mass and volume changes to global sea level rise
Snow characteristics in Dronning Maud Land, Antarctica
The year got off to an uncertain start for the European banking sector, and market turbulence was strong in the first half of 2016. The uncertainty has reflected increased concerns about the growth prospects for the global economy. Rising credit risks in the energy sector, weak market liquidity and uncertainty about monetary and economic policies' ability to support economic growth have increased market volatility. Uncertainty over global growth prospects has also focused strongly on the banking and financial sector, which is particularly sensitive to changes in the economic outlook. Although the profitability and liquidity position of the European banking sector has improved on average in recent years and capital adequacy has advanced, the banking business is facing numerous risks both in the short and the long term. Banks' long-term profitability and the sustainability of their operating models have been singled out as special causes for concern..
Introduction : transnational processes and practices in the everyday lives of migrants and non-migrants in Europe
Antarctica : exploration, perception and metaphor
Attenborough's Antarctic : an exploration of life in the freezer
Lost cities of Atlantis, ancient Europe & the Mediterranean
This is a systematic philosophical and conceptual study of the notion of a social practice. Raimo Tuomela explains social practices in terms of the interlocking mental states of the agents; he shows how social practices (for example customs and traditions) are 'building blocks of society'; and he offers a clear and powerful account of the way in which social institutions are constructed from these building blocks as established, interconnected sets of social practices with a special new social status. His analysis is based on the novel concept of shared 'we-attitudes', which represent a weak form of collective intentionality, and he makes instructive connections to major topics and figures in philosophy and the social sciences. His book will be of interest to a wide range of readers in philosophy of mind, philosophy of social science, psychology and sociology, and artificial intelligence.
Roisin and Francois first meet in the snowy white expanse of Antarctica. And everything changes. While Roisin grew up in a tiny village in Ireland, ablaze with a passion for science and the skies and for all there is to discover about the world, Francois was raised by his beautiful young mother, who dreamt of new worlds but was unable to turn her back on her past. As we loop back through their lives, glimpsing each of them only when a comet is visible in the skies above, we see how their paths cross as they come closer and closer to this moment. Theirs are stories filled with love and hope and heartbreak, that show how strangers can be connected and ghosts can be real, and the world can be as lonely or as beautiful as the comets themselves.
Sea-bed energy and mineral resources and the law of the sea. 2, The area beyond the limits of national jurisdiction
Pole dance : the story of the record-breaking British expedition to the bottom of the world
The Barents Region : a transnational history of subarctic Nothern Europe
WRF model experiments on the Antarctic atmosphere in winter
Parallels in Finnish and Finland-Swedish modernism : Eeva-Liisa Manner and Edith Södergran
Families on the move in Europe : children's perspectives
Frost flower chemical signature in winter snow on Vestfonna ice cap, Nordaustlandet, Svalbard
Endurance : Shackleton's incredible voyage
Origin and evolution of continents : proceedings of the international symposium "Origin and Evolution of Continents", 13-14 October 1997, Tokyo
Verzeichnis deutschsprachiger geographischer Namen der Antarktis = Index of German-language Antarctic place names
Gazetteer of the Antarctic
ELDIA - a Finno-Ugric minority research project approaching its goal
The Barents region comprises the northernmost parts of Norway, Sweden, Finland and Russia. It was established in 1993 as a result of the disintegration of the Soviet Union, and it is also the first macroregion to move beyond the Cold War’s Iron Curtain. This book provides a research-based history of the Barents Region from 800-2010 written by 27history researcher within the thirteenth sub-regions of the Barents Region. It is suitable as a course book in history for students at university level, but also for social sciences and for others interested in the comparative transnational history of northern Russia and northern Scandinavia. Six million people live in the Barents Region. The authors tell the history of the regional development in four nation states, bridging the gap between Russia and the Nordic countries in terms of ethnicity, religion, cultural content, political systems, economies and different stages of modernisation. The account starts with the history of independent ethnic groups in a common area. From the ninth century we can see tendencies towards an integration of the northernmost areas of Europe into larger political structures, culminating in early state formations such as the merchant republic of Novgorod and the kingdoms of Norway and Sweden. The focus is on comparative transnational aspects of history through stages of rivalry and co-operation. It is also the history of the many minorities and nationalities moving cross borders of different kinds. As is the case with nations, there are different understandings of what constitutes a region. Are regions deeply grounded in history and culture or are they created by actors for instrumental reasons? The Barents Region is the prototype of a region made by concrete actors for political purposes, but the historical account shows that there were transnational contacts even before this novel political construction came into being. In the concluding chapter the reader will find reflections on what kind of region the Barents Region invented in 1993 really is.
Russian Modernism : The Transfiguration of the Everyday
Shackleton's last voyage
Modernism, Daily Time and Everyday Life
"Thinking out of the box" : weak signals and wild cards for European regions
"One of the most intensely exciting secrets" : the Antarctic in American literature, 1820-1849
The polar regions
FINNARP : Science and Support in Antarctica
Health Economics and Outcome Studies on Type 2 Diabetes Education and Screening in a Chinese Population
Continental shelves
The earth machine : the science of a dynamic planet
Geographic names of the Antarctic
A window on Antarctica : an introduction to the Corporate Plan of the Australian Antarctic Division
Developing the Antarctic protected area system : proceedings of the SCAR/IUCN Workshop on Antarctic Protected Areas, Cambridge, UK, 29 June - 2 July 1992
In this article we introduce the on-going (2012-2014) international collaborative project Families on the Move Across Borders: Children's Perspectives on Labour Migration in Europe. First, we present the project and its aims; then, we briefly discuss the current state of migration research on families and children in order to explain how our research can contribute to a fuller inclusion of children in social analysis, not only by challenging the theoretical debates, but also through our empirically rich study. We aim to contribute to the advancement of methodology in childhood and migration studies by studying migration experiences from the child's perspective.
Calibrating predicted tree diameter distributions in Catalonia, Spain
Geologica : earth's dynamic forces : geological time, supercontinents, climate, landforms, animals, plants
Catalog of moss specimens from Antarctica and adjacent regions
Tourism in the Antarctic : opportunities, constraints, and future prospects
Understanding global cultures : metaphorical journeys through 29 nations, clusters of nations continents, and diversity
Anthology
Harmonised data on European Living Conditions
The actions of the Arctic states respecting the continental shelf : a reflective essay
Here be dragons : how the study of animal and plant distributions revolutionized our views of life and earth
Recent sedimentogenesis and environment on the Arctic Shelf of Western Eurasia
Origin of Jurassic Vestfjella flood basalts, Dronning Maud Land, Antarctica
Nanorchestes Topsent and Trouessart, 1890 and Eupodes Koch, 1836 (Acari: Prostigmata) from Vestfjella mountain range, Antarctica
New European Deposit Insurance Scheme to be introduced soon
Life and times in Nazi Germany
All that glitters
A day in the life : studying daily life through history
Call of the white : taking the world the South Pole : eight women one unique expedition
Forty shades of white : my amazing Antarctic journey
Underworld : flooded kingdoms of the ice age
Climates of the world
Size resolved chemistry of particulate ionic compounds at high latitudes
Supercontinent : ten billion years in the life of our planet
The authors present the cultural metaphor as a method for understanding the cultural mind-sets of individual nations clusters of nations, and even continents. It highlights religious and ethnic diversity throughout.
Diet, body adiposity and cardiometabolic risk in a population sample of primary school children
Children's encyclopedia : earth
Global scale climate and environment study through polar deep ice cores : Proceedings of the international symposium on the Dome Fuji ice core and related topics, 27-28 February 2001, Tokio
Geophysical exploration of Antarctic blue ice areas (BIAs) for paleoclimate applications
The riddle of the frozen phantom
Dream society? Ubiquitous society? No society? : futures for Finland and the world as seen from a small pacific island
The physical geography of Africa
Permian continental deposits of Europe and other areas : regional reports and correlations
Supercontinent Symposium 2012 : September 25-28, 2012 University of Helsinki, Finland : programme and abstracts
About planet earth
Tiivistelmä : Radiation, Snow characteristics and albedo at summit (RRASCALS)-retkikunnan kenttäraportti.
Petrogenesis of felsic igneous rocks associated with the Paleoproterozoic Kollismaa layered igneous complex, Finland
A mountain might be thousands of feet high, but it can still grow taller or shorter each year. This classic picture book explores how mountains are made—including how Mount Everest grew from a flat plain under an ocean to become 29,028 feet tall! This book features simple activities and fascinating cross-sections of the earth’s moving crust that clearly explain plate tectonics. Both text and artwork were vetted for accuracy by an expert in the field.
Pacific-ACP states regional legislative and regulatory framework for deep sea minerals exploration and exploitation
