http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12083 mariners
mariners
"Seafarers were the first workers to inhabit a truly international labour market, a sector of industry which, throughout the early modern period, drove European economic and imperial expansion, technological and scientific development, and cultural and material exchanges around the world. This volume adopts a comparative perspective, presenting current research about maritime labourers across three centuries, in the Mediterranean Sea and the Atlantic and Indian Oceans, to understand how seafarers contributed to legal and economic transformation within Europe and across the world. Focusing on the three related themes of legal systems, labouring conditions, and imperial power, these essays explore the dynamic and reciprocal relationship between seafarers' individual and collective agency, and the social and economic frameworks which structured their lives"--
Set sail in a mystical archipelago filled with bustling towns, sea monsters, pirates, and gold! Compete to build the best sea-faring nation with up to three friends by collecting treasure, hiring crew, and conquering or befriending island towns.
STCW Convention and STCW Code : International Convention on Standards of Training, Certification and Watchkeeping for Seafarers (STCW), and the STCW Code, including the 2010 Manila Amendments
The Ship captain's medical guide
In Constantinopolis, 2-5 players vie to become the most influential merchant in the city of Constantinopolis. Players deliver goods and passangers overseas, sell goods at home, donate to the city, and finance public buildings to become the wealthiesst and most popular merchant in Constantinopolis.
In this volume, eminent economist Charles Kindleberger sets out to challenge the widespread belief that the market for seafarers, in the days before steam, was efficient, conforming more or less to a strong prior belief in the neo-classical economic model of supply and demand. Maritime history is traditionally strewn with references to crimping or shanghaiing, naval press-gangs, desertion, mutiny, marooning and shipwrecks due to drunkeness or negligence. In contrast, Kindleberger examines issues of recruitment and pay, the treatment of seamen, and the question of government intervention and its impact on efficiency, in the engaging narrative style that is his trademark. Offering an original and informative account of the markets for seafarers in the age of sail, Mariners and Markets will be welcomed by economic and maritime historians alike.
Before the mast : life and death aboard the Mary Rose
A battle won
Seafarers' rights in the globalized maritime industry
The history of seafaring : navigating the world's oceans
The sea : a cultural history
The Oxford companion to ships and the sea
Islebound
The kraken and the colossal octopus : in the wake of sea-monsters
The water is warm ... but can you be in too deep? Luca loves reggae, hates his parents' rum habit, and wishes his dad could get a proper job. He also loves Gaby (though he'd never admit it to her face) so upsetting her is enough to push him into a dark place. Retreating to the local beach, as he always does when he can't sleep, watching the waves gives his life some sort of rhythm. One night, as he lets the tide lull him, a group of figures emerge from the water and walk past him, unseeing. Spellbound by these impossible sea-men, Luca holds nightly vigils at the beach. Until one night the sailors beckon him to follow them back into the sea. For fans of Mark Haddon and Neil Gaiman, Luca, Son of the Morning is a haunting book about imagination, delusion and the grey places in between.
In the shadow of freedom : life on board the oil tanker
Mariners and markets
Seafarer's rights
Development process of the Gulf of Finland mandatory ship reporting system : reflections on the methods
Arctic labyrinth : the quest for the Northwest Passage
Glimpses into Kristinestad's history
Seafarers, merchants and pirates in the Middle Ages
The sea fathers : a series of lives of great navigators of former times
Voyages of abuse : seafarers, human rights and international shipping
Civil and savage encounters : the worldly travel letters of an Imperial Russian navy officer 1860-1861
A child under sail
Frutta di Mare : evolution and revolution in the maritime world in the 19th and 20th centuries : proceedings of the Second International Congress of Maritime History, 5-8 June 1996, Amsterdam and Rotterdam, the Netherlands
Life on board the last windjammers : [Summary]
Outlaws of the Atlantic : sailors, pirates, and motley crews in the Age of Sail
Captain Cook : master of the seas
Ellermans : a wealth of shipping
Model course. 3.12, Assesment, Examination and Certification of Seafarers
Sail and steam : selected maritime writings of Yrjö Kaukiainen
All Saints' Day tradition
Finding their way at sea : the story of portolan charts, the cartographers who drew them and the mariners who sailed by them
Guidelines on the application of the ILO maritime labour convention
Little Tim and the brave sea captain
Law, labour, and empire : comparative perspectives on seafarers, c. 1500-1800
Twenty thousand leagues under the sea
STCW convention comprehensive review : summary of changes affecting IAMU members as a result of the 2010 Manila amendments to the STCW Convention and Code
Medieval insular literature between the oral and the written. 2, Continuity of transmission
The wake of the Lorelei Lee : being an account of the further adventures of Jacky Faber, on her way to Botany Bay
Roundtrip : the Inuit crew of the Jean Revillon
Medical handbook for seafarers
Karlsson : the life of an Åland seafarer
Down to the sea in ships : of ageless oceans and modern men
Yrjö Kaukiainen : a man of the sea
"Masters next to God" : commanders of the Dutch navy and the East India Company in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries : [Summary]
Profiles the famous navigator, addresses the common colonialist misconceptions about the explorer and his death, and re-creates the voyages that took him from his native England to the outer reaches of the Pacific Ocean.
For centuries British navigators dreamt of finding the Northwest Passage - the route over the top of North America that would open up the fabulous wealth of Asia to British merchants. We know now that, while several such passages exist, during the period of the search by sailing vessels they were choked by impassable ice. But this knowledge was slowly won, as expedition after expedition, under the most terrible conditions, slowly filled in their patchy and sometimes fatally misleading charts. "Arctic Labyrinth" tells this extraordinary story with great skill and brilliance. From the tiny, woefully equipped ships of the first Tudor expeditions to the icebreakers and nuclear submarines of the modern era, Glyn Williams describes how every form of ingenuity has been used to break through or try to get round the nightmarish ice barriers set in a maze of sterile islands. The heroism, folly and horror of these voyages seem almost unbelievable, with entire ships crushed, mass starvation, epics of endurance - and all in pursuit of a goal that ultimately proved futile. Williams' book is both an important work of exploration and naval history, and a remarkable study in human delusion and fortitude.
The view from the masthead : maritime imagination and antebellum American sea narratives
The set of sails : the adventures of a Cape Horn seaman
The rats and the ruling sea
Maritrain project : final report from a maritime training project funded by the ADAPT community initiative of the European Social Fund
Suomen merimuseo = The Maritime Museum of Finland : annual report 1995
The conquest of the ocean : the illustrated history of seafaring
Drake : the life and legend of an Elizabethian hero
The Oxford encyclopedia of maritime history
Everyday life of medieval travellers
Luca, son of the morning
Tracing your seafaring ancestors : a guide to maritime photographs for family historians
The Atlantic connection : a history of the Atlantic world, 1450-1900
Ultima Thule : Arctic explorations
The sea their graves : an archaeology of death and remembrance in maritime culture
