http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12016 cereal industry
cereal industry
Snack foods processing
Whole grains and health
An assessment of market opportunities and requirements for β-glucan rich oat bran ingredients in the European food industry
Is China a "large country"? : China's influence on world markets
Immunochemical analysis of prolamins in gluten-free foods
Consumer driven cereal innovation : where science meets industry
Cereals in a European context : 1st European conference on food science and technology
Cereal science and technology
Chemistry and physics of baking : materials, processes and products
Modern cereal science and technology
Over 90 years of footwork : the history of the Viljanmaa family
Plant fibres are an important part of modern daily life. The most obvious consumer products manufactured from them are paper, cardboard and the fibreboards used in the construction and furniture industries. Plants producing a woody stem are the most widely used raw materials for these fibre products but fibres originating from other plants, i.e. non-wood fibres, are used too. One of the most promising potential non-wood fibre resource categories is that of grasses, of which the cereals are the most important plants grown worldwide. A huge amount of straw is generated as an agricultural by-product annually, but the amount used as an industrial raw material is low because it contains components that are detrimental either to processability or to product quality.The purpose of pulp fractionation is to divide pulp into fractions with distinct properties. Industrially feasible fractionation methods are pressure screening, hydrocyclone fractionation and flotation. In pressure screening, separation is based on a mechanical barrier and particles are fractionated according to their dimensions, while a hydrocyclone fractionates particles according to their density and specific surface area and flotation fractionates particles according to their surface chemistry. These methods are traditionally used for removing impurities from pulp but numerous reports on pulp fractionation can also be found. Previous fractionation experiments were performed using wood-based pulps, whereas no previous studies are available concerning the fractionation of pulps manufactured using grasses.The aim of the present work was to determine whether it is possible to fractionate wheat straw pulp by methods that are feasible on an industrial scale. The experimental part was concerned with wheat straw pulp fractionation by pressure screening, hydrocyclone fractionation and flotation.The results show that all these fractionation methods were able to divide the wheat straw pulp into fractions with different cell properties and cell types, e.g. distinct cell lengths, cell wall thicknesses or surface chemistries. Likewise, fractionation can be used to remove detrimental components or to optimize pulp properties according to their end use or to optimize pulp processing sequences. Due to the uniform structure of grasses, it is likely that the results can be generalized to other grasses than that employed here.
"Compact and reader friendly, this book explores methods for improving quality in breeding and the health benefits of food. Written by a distinguished researcher and teacher, the book emphasizes the multidisciplinary nature of the field. While focusing mainly on the chemistry, the author brings in relevant theory from basic science such as physics and genetics. Exercises are included at the end of most chapters. Suggested solutions are given at the end of the book. The solutions to the exercises require thinking and, in some cases, searches of the literature. Demonstrations are included to illustrate principles."--Publisher's description.
Encyclopedia of grain science. Vol. 3, [Q-Z]
Non-enzymatic degradation of (1→3)(1→4)-β-D-glucan in aqueous processing of oats
Health-functional foods in foodwebs : developing products in food specific networks
The Next WTO Round on Agriculture and EU Enlargement : pressures for reforms in the EU Common Agricultural Policy
Cereal crops for industrial use in Europe
Alternatives to methyl bromide IPM in flour mills : comparion of a Norwegian and Danish Mill
Wheat flour milling
Cereal straw as a resource for sustainable biomaterials and biofuels : chemistry, extractives, lignins, hemicelluloses and cellulose
Invisible giant : Cargill and its transnational strategies
Studies on wheat straw pulp fractionation : fractionation tendency of cells in pressure screening, hydrocyclone fractionation and flotation
The Nordic cereal industry in an integrating Europe : proceedings from the 25th Nordic cereal congress, June 6-9, 1993, Helsinki, Finland
Wheat: chemistry and technology : volume 2
Encyclopedia of grain science. Vol. 2, [G-P]
Technology and products
Food science
the Millers manual
Mills in the medieval economy : England, 1300-1540
Vitamin E retention during processing of cereals
Microbiological tests and measurements in the assessment of harmful substances and pollution
The food industry in Senegal, with particular reference to the processing of grains, fisheries products and milk products
Encyclopedia of grain science. Vol. 1, [A-F]
Cereal foods world
Cereal grains : properties, processing, and nutritional attributes
Engineering aspects of cereal and cereal-based products
Concepts in cereal chemistry
Waste management for the food industries
