http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12042 Cyperaceae
Cyperaceae
Taxonomy and distribution of Rhynchospora (Cyperaceae) in the Guianas, South America
Grasses : the new plant library
The plantfinder's guide to ornamental grasses
Low allozyme variation in Carex loliacea (Cyperaceae), a declining woodland sedge
Flora of China. 23, Acoraceae through Cyperaceae
Cyperaceae in Natal
The color encyclopedia of ornamental grasses : sedges, rushes, restios, cat-tails, and selected bamboos
Schoenus ferrugineus L. is one of the diagnostic species of calcareous fens, which are floristically rich and scattered locally in Europe. 25 new occurrences, most of them recent ones, have been found in Russia, mostly from the eastern border areas of the species. The new locality in Murmansk Region, reported here, corresponds to the northern limit of this species in Europe, and is situated about 60 km north of the Arctic Circle. The new site is described and the distribution and ecology of the species in Murmansk Region are discussed. It is proposed to change the status of this species in the Regional Red Data Book to 'Critically Endangered'..
The alkali (Scirpus maritimus L.) and saltmarsh (S. robustus Pursh) bulrushes : a literature review
World checklist of Cyperaceae : sedges
Sedges of Indiana and the adjacent states : the non-Carex species
Inflorescence structure in the sedge tribe Cariceae (Cyperaceae)
The sedges and rushes of East Africa : a flora of the families Juncaceae and Cyperaceae in East Africa - with a particular reference to Uganda
New taxa, new combinations and notes on the treatment of Cyperaceae for Flora Iranica
Cyperaceae newsletter
Radial growth and ring formation process in clonal plant Eriophorum angustifolium on post-mined peatland in the Šumava Mts., Czech Republic
Sedges, uses, diversity, and systematics of the Cyperaceae
Taxonomy, distribution and ecology of Bolboschoenus in Europe
A new subspecies of Carex arisanensis (Cyperaceae) from Zhejiang, China
How to identify grasses and grasslike plants (sedges and rushes)
Schoenus ferrugineus (Cyperaceae) in Murmansk Region (Russia)
Cyperus medusaeus (Cyperaceae) redescribed
Seven new species of Cyperus (Cyperaceae) section Arenarii and one new combination and typification
Variation in Pseudorchis albida s.l. (Orchidaceae) and Carex capitata s.l. (Cyperaceae) : morphology, genetic diversity, ecology and systematics
Synflorescence typology in Cyperaceae
The color encyclopedia of ornamental grasses on CD-ROM : sedges, rushes, restios, cat-tails, and selected bamboos
Carex hartmanii in Finland
