http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12059 small towns
small towns
Rose Harbor in bloom : a novel
Christmas in Mustang Creek
As a detective lieutenant with the LAPD, Peter Decker witnessed enough ugliness and chaos for a lifetime. Now, he and his devoted wife Rina Lazarus are ready to enjoy the quiet beauty of upstate New York, where they can be closer to their four adult children and their foster son. But working for the Greenbury Police department isn't as fulfilling as Decker hoped. While Rina has adapted beautifully to their new surroundings, Decker is underwhelmed and frustrated by his new partner, Tyler McAdams, a former Harvard student and young buck with a bad 'tude. Just when he thinks he's made a mistake, Decker is called to his first real crime here--a possible break-in at the local cemetery. At first, it seems like a false alarm until it's discovered that a mausoleum's stunning Tiffany panels have been replaced by forgeries. Then, a coed at one of the exclusive local colleges is brutally murdered. Poking into the hallowed halls of academia to find a killer, Decker and McAdams are drawn deep into a web of dark secrets, cold case crimes, international intrigue, and ruthless people who kill for sport. Suddenly, the job is anything but boring. This case just might be too much to handle and Decker will have to draw on every ounce of experience that he has garnered in the past thirty years as a Homicide cop. And then again, even that might not be enough!
While working for the Greenbury Police Department in upstate New York, Peter Decker must draw from his years of experience as a homicide cop when a break-in at the local cemetery leads him into a world of art forgery and murder that is linked to cold case crimes, international intrigue and ruthless people who kill for sport.
Duneen is a quiet place, far enough from the big towns to have kept its own rhythms. Its residents include castdown policeman PJ who lives a lonely, uneventful life punctuated only by the next meal - until now; the beautiful and mysterious family of three spinster sisters each with their own secrets and sorrows; and of course, the town's gossip who think she knows the answers. When a grim discovery is made on a building site up by the old school, it becomes the catalyst for long buried secrets and rivalries to come to light and this silent, once innocent and repressed-seeming town is revealed to have a much darker, hungrier undertow...
Resident alien. [Vol. 1] : Welcome to earth!
The homecoming
Book, line, and sinker : a library lover's mystery
The theory of death
The readers of Broken Wheel recommend
Look homeward, angel : the story of the buried life
Light
"The first book of a new contemporary romance series set in the mountains of Virginia. Sparks fly as fiery Casey Reddick and brooding Hollywood actor Tate Landers clash in the Virginia summer heat. A chef who puts her career first and her love life second, Casey doesn't see what every girl in town is swooning over. She made up her mind the moment she met Tate--he's gorgeous, but stuck-up, nothing like his ex-brother-in-law, Devlin who's playing the Wickham to Tate's Darcy in local production of Pride & Prejudice. Casey makes the perfect Elizabeth Bennett--how could she be star-struck when she's heard Devlin's damning stories about Tate? As they rehearse together, however, Casey finds herself attracted to Tate--he's much more down-to-earth than she expected and any physical contact between the two of them literally gives her a tingling, electric shock. As opening night draws near, Casey has some difficult decisions to make. Whom should she believe? The seemingly sincere, slighted Devlin or Tate, whose rough, arrogant exterior may only be skin deep. She's come to love that jolt she gets when they touch--but will she get burned?
8 Sandpiper Way
North Archer, Andie Miller's ex-husband, asks her to become the guardian of two orphans who have driven out three nannies already -- and live in a haunted house! What follows is a hilarious adventure in exorcism, including a self-doubting parapsychologist, an annoyed medium, her Tarot-card reading mother, an avenging ex-mother-in-law, and, of course, her jealous fiancě. And just when Andie thinks things couldn't get more complicated, North shows up on the doorstep making her wonder if "maybe this time" things could be different between them.
The drought
Christmas on 4th Street
One wish
Nothing to lose
"There is no such thing as bad publicity, except in Midnight, Texas, where the residents like to keep to themselves. Even in a town full of secretive people, Olivia Charity is an enigma. She lives with the vampire Lemuel, but no one knows what she does; they only know that she's beautiful and dangerous. Psychic Manfred Bernardo finds out just how dangerous when he goes on a working weekend to Dallas and sees Olivia there with a couple who are both found dead the next day. To make matters worse, one of Manfred's regular and very wealthy clients dies during a reading. Manfred returns from Dallas embroiled in scandal and hounded by the press. He turns to Olivia for help; somehow he knows that the mysterious Olivia can get things back to normal. As normal as things get in Midnight"--
When a salvage company's plans to dig up treasure that was buried on Pirate Island centuries earlier rouse local ire, library director Lindsey Norris investigates the murder of the local tourism director, who hired the company.
A slant of light : a novel
Solar bones
On borrowed time
A cold and lonely place : a novel
X is for..
Perhaps her darkest and most chilling novel, it features a remorseless serial killer who leaves no trace of his crimes. Once again breaking the rules and establishing new paths, Grafton wastes little time identifying this sociopath. The test is whether Kinsey can prove her case against him before she becomes his next victim.
Murder on wheels
Needful things
Above the waterfall
The third spellbinding thriller set in the troubled town of Promise Falls. A dark cloud of suspicion and fear continues to hang over the town of Promise Falls. A series of bizarre, ominously threatening incidents suggests someone is plotting to take revenge on the town. But who is the perpetrator, and revenge for what? Now the time for threats is over. And the inhabitants are about to discover the truth, with devastating consequences.
Midnight
W is for wasted
Under the dome. Season 3.
Above the waterfall : a novel
The drop
The coward's tale
The Silver Boy
311 Pelican Court
The girl from Summer Hill
When Leda's daughters leave home to be with their father, she decides to take a trip to a small coastal town in Italy, but soon after she arrives memories from her unsettled past come back to haunt her.
The prophet of Yonwood
Nightfall
Cover of night
The dead place : a Cooper & Fry mystery
Miller's Valley : a novel
The hollow
Me before you
The key
Love and summer
16 Lighthouse Road
Make me : a Jack Reacher novel
Under the dome. Season 2.
The nobody
Fear
The chance
Better late than never
The newcomer
Middlemarch : a study of provincial life
The reluctant midwife : a Hope River novel
The perk
"FIRST IN A NEW TRILOGY   From Charlaine Harris, the bestselling author who created Sookie Stackhouse and her world of Bon Temps, Louisiana, comes a darker locale-populated by more strangers than friends. But then, that's how the locals prefer it.  Welcome to Midnight, Texas, a town with many boarded-up windows and few full-time inhabitants, located at the crossing of Witch Light Road and Davy Road. It's a pretty standard dried-up western town.  There's a pawnshop (someone lives in the basement and is seen only at night). There's a diner (people who are just passing through tend not to linger). And there's new resident Manfred Bernardo, who thinks he's found the perfect place to work in private (and who has secrets of his own).  Stop at the one traffic light in town, and everything looks normal. Stay awhile, and learn the truth... "--
Maybe this time
Last words
The virgin blue
The promise
The fury
Blood falls
The Glass Lake
The circus of Dr. Lao
Wildest dreams
The good wife's castle
Escape London : days out within easy reach of London
"In the latest Library Lover's Mystery from the New York Times bestselling author of A Likely Story, a decades-overdue book puts library director Lindsey Norris hot on the trail of a cold case. When the Briar Creek Public Library holds its first overdue book amnesty day no fines for late returns the volume of incoming materials is more than Lindsey and her staff can handle. In a bind, Lindsey drafts the crafternoon ladies to help check in and sort the stacks of books. But one tardy tome catches her attention a copy of J. D. Salinger's The Catcher in the Rye, twenty years past due. When Lindsey looks up the borrower, she's shocked to discover it was a murdered schoolteacher named Candice Whitley, whose killer was never found. Candice checked out the novel on the day she was murdered. Now Lindsey wonders if it could provide a clue to the decades-old cold case. No one noticed who brought the book back in, but could it be Candice's killer? Lindsey is determined to catch the culprit one way or another, because justice for Candice Whitley is long overdue.."--
Born wicked
Wife for hire
The book thief
Everything you want me to be
Odd hours
Freaks of nature
When the Briar Creek Community Theater mounts its newest Shakespeare production, "Midsummer Night's Dream," library director Lindsey Norris gets involved when one of the cast is poisoned.
Dockside at Willow Lake
Cold storage, Alaska
Marry me at Christmas
Nora Webster : a novel
The creation of the small New England town in Alice Hoffman's Massachusetts novels : a cultural imagological study
A piece of the world : A Novel
Death of yesterday : A Hamish Macbeth murder mystery
Midnight crossroad
The vacant casualty
The inn at Rose Harbor : a novel
Brothers
The weight of blood : a novel
Murder is binding : a Booktown mystery
Love Letters : a Rose Harbor novel
The hired man
Snowfall at Willow Lake
The winter lodge
Return to Willow lake
A time to rejoice
Grieving the death of his wife, private investigator Mark Novak reluctantly accepts a case from a suspected murderer who may or may not be innocent.
We, the drowned
To bridal boutique owner Madeline Krug, organizing a Christmas wedding sounds like a joy - until she finds out she'll be working closely with the gorgeous brother of the bride, movie star Jonny Blaze. How will a small-town girl like her keep from falling for the world's sexiest guy? Especially with mistletoe lurking around every corner! Jonny came to Fool's Gold looking for normal, not for love. Happily-ever-after only happens in the movies. Still, nothing about this quirky town is quite what he expected, and "ordinary" Madeline is the most extraordinary woman he's ever met.
44 Cranberry point
Kitchens of the great Midwest
Broadchurch : the novel
Getting away with it
The rest of us just live here
The lost daughter
The arsonist
Of time and the river : a legend of man's hunger in his youth
The ice queen : a novel
After Nicole Perkins opens her store, The Christmas Attic, in Fool's Gold, California, business is booming. When recuperating army doctor Gabriel Boylan offers to help out during the holiday rush, she discovers his memories of Christmas past contain more sour grapes than sugarplums. Are the red-hot mistletoe kisses they can't stop sharing just a distraction for him-- or is true love just waiting to be unwrapped?
A heartbroken baker and a charming but womanizing tour guide embark on an experiment to prove their respective gender's quality and trustworthiness while regaining self-respect, only to become the subject of gossip in their small hometown.
The heavenly table : a novel
One last breath : a Cooper & Fry mystery
It
The tilted world
Here on earth
Proof of love
The little giant of Aberdeen County
When her brother, Jack, a world-traveling consultant for a coffee company, goes missing, Briar Creek library director Lindsey Norris gets mixed up in a strange case involving South American business dealings and an exotic woman.
In this gripping novel of suspense by #1 New York Times bestselling author Lisa Jackson, a small timber town nestled in the shadow of Oregon's Cascade Mountains is the perfect place for a killer to hide.
Slow news day
The awakening
The new girl
Just what kind of mother are you?
Deceptions : a Cainsville novel
The one & only : a novel
The twenty-three
The stray sod country
Cannery Row
Best of my love
The midwife of Hope River : a novel
Ivy Lane
Welcome to Night Vale
The glass lake
In an alternate New England of 1900, where the Brotherhood dominates and controls society, sixteen-year-old Cate Cahill has struggled since her mother's death to keep secret that she and her younger sisters are witches, but when a governess arrives from the Sisterhood, everything changes.
Handed a message by a mysterious man, a young pawn shop owner embarks on a psychologically dangerous mystery that entangles her in the life of the local PTA treasurer, who helplessly watches her son's growing obsession with his absent father.
The Leftovers. The complete first season
Ruby's spoon
I still dream about you
Blue diary
Sycamore row : a novel
Leftovers. the complete second season
Anne of Ingleside
The most beautiful country towns of England
Books can be deceiving : a library lover's mystery
Anne of Green Gables
"A young woman with a once-in-a-generation palate becomes the iconic chef behind the country's most coveted dinner reservation"--
Night shift
Girl with a pearl earring
Read it and weep : a library lover's mystery
Murder of a small-town honey : a Scumble River mystery
The book club murders
Anne's house of dreams
When Carrie Rushton is accused of murdering her husband, library director Lindsey Norris and the Briar Creek crafternoon club launch their own investigation during a nor'easter that has left the police otherwise occupied.
Sweeter with you
The struggle
The hero
Once a year, on All Souls' Day, it is said in Ireland that the dead may return. 'Solar Bones' is the story of one such visit. Set in the west of Ireland as the recession is about to strike, this novel is a portrait of one man's experience when his world threatens to fall apart. Marcus Conway, a middle-aged engineer, turns up one afternoon at his kitchen table and considers the events that took him away and then brought him home again.
Down in the valley
If you follow me
Thanksgiving
When Aladdin's parents discover food is being stolen from their restaurant, Aladdin and his friends decide to investigate. Soon, Aladdin notices a strange boy - dressed in shorts, despite the freezing cold. But as hard as Aladdin tries to catch the boy, he always disappears - leaving no tracks in the fresh snow..
