http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12056 Romany speakers
Romany speakers
Blinding : the left wing
Classical and contemporary Romanian writers : notes on their life and work
Fairy tales and legends from Romania
Strofe de-a lungul anilor = Stanzas along the years
Epistulae ex Ponto. Book I
Render : Anthology of Korunk
A critical companion to the works of Herta Müller, winner of the Nobel Prize in Literature in 2009.
" Part visceral dream-memoir, part fictive journey through a hallucinatory Bucharest, Mircea Cărtărescu's Blinding was one of the most widely heralded literary sensations in contemporary Romania, and a bestseller from the day of its release. Riddled with hidden passageways, mesmerizing tapestries, and whispering butterflies, Blinding takes us on a mystical trip into the protagonist's childhood, his memories of hospitalization as a teenager, the prehistory of his family, a traveling circus, Secret police, zombie armies, American fighter pilots, the underground jazz scene of New Orleans, and the installation of the communist regime. This kaleidoscopic world is both eerily familiar and profoundly new. Readers of Blinding will emerge from this strange pilgrimage shaken, and entirely transformed. " -- (Archipelago Books)
Hidden tales from Eastern Europe
Banished voices : readings in Ovid's exile poetry
Cultural diversity and its impact on education
Cultural pluralism and cultural identity : the experience of Canada, Finland, and Yugoslavia : final report of the Unesco joint study on cultural development in countries containing different national and/or ethnic groups
The "tinkers" in Irish literature : unsettled subjects and the construction of difference
Poezii : ediţie bilingvǎ româno-englezǎ = Poems : Romanian-English bilingual edition
The second periodic report of Finland on the application of the European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages
Literature in totalitarian regimes : confrontation, autonomy, survival
Rromane paramicha = stories and legends of the Gurbeti roma
The hatchet ; The life of Stephen the Great
Howards End
Narrating Gypsies, telling travellers : a study of the relational self in four life stories
Aspects of Transylvanian Hungarian literature (1919-1929)
I hate the internet : a useful novel
The traditions of invention : Romanian ethnic and social stereotypes in historical context
When Ovid, already renowned for his love poetry, the Metamorphoses and other works, was exiled by Augustus to Tomis on the Black Sea in AD 8, he continued to write. After five books of Tristia, he composed a collection of verse letters, the Epistulae ex Ponto, in which he appeals to his friends and supporters in Rome, lamenting his lot and begging for their help in mitigating it. In these epistolary elegies his inventiveness flourishes no less than before and his imaginative self-fashioning is as ingenious and engaging as ever, although in a minor key. This commentary on Book I assists intermediate and advanced students in understanding Ovid's language and style, while guiding them in the appreciation of his poetic art. The introduction examines the literary background of the Epistulae ex Ponto, their relation to Ovid's earlier works, and their special interest and appeal to readers of Augustan poetry.
This study examines the literary complexities of the poetry which Ovid wrote in Tomis, his place of exile on the coast of the Black Sea after he was banished from Rome by the emperor Augustus in AD 8 because of the alleged salaciousness of the Ars Amatoria and a mysterious misdemeanour which is nowhere explained. Exile transforms Ovid into a melancholic poet of despair who claims that his creative faculties are in terminal decline. But research has exposed the ironic disjunction between many of the poet's claims and the latent artistry which belies them. Through a series of close readings which offer an analytical contribution to the scholarly evaluation of the exile poetry, Dr Williams examines the nature and the extent of Ovidian irony in Tomis and demonstrates the complex literary designs which are consistently disguised under a veil of dissimulation.
The amateur marriage
National minorities in Finland : richness of cultures and languages
Romanian essayists of today : [Edgar Papu, Nicolae Balota, Alexandru Philippide, et al.]
The literature of post-Communist Slovenia, Slovakia, Hungary and Romania : a study
