http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12029 stem
stem stem (parts of plants)
Relationship between abundance and fecundity in the endangered grassland annual Euphrasia rostkoviana ssp. fennica
The effect of increasing nitrogen dose, growth regulator and variety on seed and stalk yields, and some quality aspects of fibre flax
Intramedullary nailing of humeral shaft fractures
Abstract: The incidence of shoulder problems among female baseball players playing in superpesis.
New embroidery for beginners
Bityite 2M1 from Eräjärvi compared with related Li-Be brittle micas
Virulence of soft-rot Enterobacteria affecting potato
A review of the Collyriinae (Hymenoptera: Ichneumonidae)
Anatomy of flowering plants : an introduction to structure and development
Brief report : Notes on Leptocampoplex cremastoides (Hymenoptera, Ichneumonidae, Campopleginae), a new genus and species to the Finnish fauna
Stem anatomy of annual legume intercropping components: white lupin (Lupinus albus L.), narbonne (Vicia narbonensis L.) and common (Vicia sativa L.) vetches
Endothelial function and regulation of vascular tone in normal and complicated pregnancies
Neck and arm pain syndromes : evidence-informed screening, diagnosis and management
Nordic occupational skin questionnaire - NOSQ-2002 : Nordic questionnaire for surveying work-related skin diseases on hands and forearms and relevant exposures
Dyspetes praerogator (Thomson, 1883), a new species and genus to Finland and Denmark (Hym., Ichneumonidae, Tryphoninae)
Arm knitting : 30 home and fashion projects to knit on your arms
Plant stems : physiology and functional morphology
Diagnostics of human forearm soft tissues using indentation and suction measurements : experimental and modeling analysis
Hand and upper extremity splinting : principles & methods
The effect of intercropping on stem anatomy of both supporting (Lupinus albus) and supported (Vicia narbonnensis and V. sativa) annual forage legumes was investigated using stereological method. Intercropped plants showed minimal differences in volume densities (Vv) of stem tissues and forage chemical composition compared to sole crops. The proportions of lignin and NDF (Neutral Detergent Fiber) positively correlated with xylem Vv. The proportions of ADF (Acid Detergent Fiber), cellulose and ash in intercropped plants were increased or decreased mostly by less than 10% compared to those in pure stands. The Anatomical Equivalent Ratio (AER) defined as the ratio based on anatomical quality-determining parameters, can assist in the evaluation of the benefits of specific intercropping systems. Intercropping of the legume species studied in this work, especially L. albus with V. sativa, showed encouraging results from anatomical perspective since it would not cause a decline of forage quality.
Roadside environments as habitats for Lepidoptera
Proximal humerus fractures : treatment and criticism
Anatomy of the dicotyledons : leaves, stem and wood in relation to taxonomy with notes on economic uses. Vol. 2
A new species of genus Eriborus Förster (Hymenoptera: Ichneumonidae) parasitizing Holcocerus insularis Staudinger (Lepidoptera: Cossidae)
Motor control of fast voluntary elbow movements : exercise-induced muscle damage and soreness and learning interventions
Grassland vegetation along roads differing in size and traffic density
The roadside geology of Namibia
The complete book of the flower fairies
Bomb hunters : in Afganistan with Britain's elite bomb disposal unit
Singapore trees
Fast train to nowhere
Metabolic syndrome : early cardio-metabolic, vascular and hepatic changes. The cardiovascular risk in young Finns study
Additions to the revisions of the genus Stilpnus (Hymenoptera, Ichneumonidae) of the Palaearctic Region. 1.
Sarcolemmal excitability after eccentric exercise in man
Incidence of hospitalisation and surgical treatment of humeral shaft and distal humeral fractures among children and adolescents in Finland : complications in antebrachium and femoral titanium elastic nailing
The geographic distribution of the Diplazontinae (Hymenoptera, Ichneumonidae) in the Palaearctic Region, with descriptions of two new species
Observations on the stem nematode Ditylenchus dipsaci (Kühn) Filipjev as a pest of red clover in Finland
Enacting mobility : studies into the nature of road-related social interaction
New full-color illustrated embroidery for beginners
Biology of the leaf miners
The incidence of shoulder problems among female baseball players playing in superpesis
Massage and manual therapy for orthopedic conditions
Revision of the eastern Palearctic species of Dusona Cameron : (Insecta, Hymenoptera, Ichneumonidae, Campopleginae)
Applications of gene sequence polymorphisms in evolutionary genetic studies of Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar) and other teleost fish species
Forest act habitats : Finnish woodland key habitats amid the intensive forestry
The resistance of certain finnish red clover varieties to the stem nematode ditylenchus dipsaci (Kühn) filipjev
Cardiometabolic and genetic risk factors for early atherosclerosis
Interactive effects of reversal day and night temperature, end-of-day light quality and light intensity on stem elongation in Cucumis sativus L.
Structural and developmental studies on cambial variant in Pupalia lappacea (Amaranthaceae)
Ecology of zooplankton in subarctic ponds, with a focus on responses to ultraviolet radiation
Testing for cost of apical dominance in vegetation: a field study of three species
Anatomy of the dicotyledons : leaves, stem and wood in relation to taxonomy with notes on economic uses. Vol. 1
Näkökulmia saamelaiseen poronhoitoon yhdentyvässä Euroopassa : tapaustutkimuksena Käsivarren paliskunta = Reindeer herding as a livelihood in the European Union : some viewpoints
Polysphicta nielseni (Hymenoptera. Ichneumonidae: Pimplinae) new to Finland
One Cryptinae genus (Hymenoptera, Ichneumonidae) new to Finland
Anatomy of the dicotyledons. Vol. 1, Systematic anatomy of leaf and stem, with a brief history of the subject
Forearm shaft fractures in children
Metopius harpyiae (Hymenoptera, Ichneumonidae, Metopiinae) new to Finland
A colour atlas of plant structure
