http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12103 consultants
consultants
California school of organizational studies handbook of organizational consulting psychology : a comprehensive guide to theory, skills and techniques
Hotel living : a novel
The consultant's toolkit : high-impact questionnaires, activities, and how-to guides for diagnosing and solving client problems
The top consultant : developing your skills for greater effectiveness
Management consulting in practice : award-winning international case studies
A passion for winning : fifty years of promoting legendary people and products
Case in point : graph analysis for consulting and case interviews
Backstage Wall Street : an insider ́s guide to knowing who to trust, who to run from, and how to maximize your investments
How to select and use consultants : a client's guide
Dangerous company : the consulting powerhouses and the businesses they save and ruin
"When we first meet U., the narrator of SATIN ISLAND, he is sitting in the airport at Turin, caught in a delay caused by a rogue airplane. Like everyone else in the waiting area, he is sifting through airport pages on his laptop, and then through news sites, social pages, corridors of trivia...until he happens to stumble on information about an image on a famous shroud in Turin. The image itself isn't even visible on the shroud; it only emerged when some amateur photographer looked at the negative of a shot he'd taken and saw the figure--Christ's body supine after crucifixion. Only in the negative: the negative became a positive. A few decades later when the shroud was radiocarbon dated, it turned out to come from no later than the mid-thirteenth century. But that didn't trouble the believers. Things like that never do. A "corporate ethnographer," U. is tasked with writing the Great Report. Yet at every turn, U. finds himself overwhelmed by the ubiquity of data, lost in a buffer zone and wandering through a crowd of apparitions. Meanwhile, Madison, the woman he is seeing, becomes increasingly elusive, much like the particulars in the case of the recent, highly-publicized parachutist's death, with which U. is obsessed. He also develops a perverse interest in oil spills, spending great amounts of time watching loops of clean up videos. As U. begins to wonder if perhaps the Great Report will remain a shapeless, oozing plasma, his senses are reawakened by an ominous dream of an apocalyptic cityscape. SATIN ISLAND is a novel that captures the way we experience the world today, our efforts to find meaning, to stay awake, and discern the narratives we think of as our lives"--
The professionalization in management consulting
The trusted advisor
Knowledge organizations : a typological and a structural note
Systems and meaning : consulting in organizations
The intelligent client : managing your management consultant
When to Hire-or Not Hire-a Consultant : Getting Your Money's Worth from Consulting Relationships is a hands-on, practical guide for anyone thinking about hiring a consultant to set strategy, solve problems, increase profits or revenue, develop new products, open new markets, or improve efficiency.
Value-based consulting
Developing organisational consultancy
Managing your professional service enterprise : self-assessment work book : 33 serarching questions and contrastingpairs of examples
Marketing InnoConnections (Finnish consulting company) to Berlin, German Market : developing business relationships with companies in Berlin
Doing better business through effective public consultation and disclosure : a good practice manual
Satin Island : a novel
"Flawless Consulting is considered the "consultant's bible" and a landmark bestseller that explains how to deal effectively with clients, peers, and others. This third edition addresses business and new challenges since the second edition was written and also explores what's on the minds of "next generation" consultants. The book includes more guidance on how to ask better questions, ideas for the virtual world, suggestions for dealing with difficult clients, the challenges of international consulting, additional case studies, commentary, expanded guidelines on implementation, and more on how to ask good questions."
Getting started in consulting
How to become a successful consultant in your own field
Marketing InnoConnections (Finnish Consulting Company) to Berlin,German Market : Developing business relationships with companies in Berlin
The consulting Bible : everything you need to know to create and expand a seven-figure consulting practice
Network interaction : development of expertise in Finnish technical consultancy firms
Dispatches from the war room : in the trenches with five extraordinary leaders
The complete book of consulting
From ancient Rome to rock 'n' roll : a review of the UK leisure security industry
Internet guru with a finger on the virtual pulse : Risto Linturi
Management Consulting
"Public Relations Leaders as Sensemakers presents foundational research on the public relations profession, providing a current and compelling picture of expanding global practice. This volume is appropriate for graduate and advanced undergraduate students in international public relations and communication management, as well as scholars in global public relations, communication management, and business. It is also intended to supplement courses in public relations theory, strategic communication, business management, and leadership development"--
Newsletter
When to hire, or not hire a consultant : getting your money's worth from consulting relationships
The professional recruiter ́s handbook : delivering excellence in recruitment practice
Management consulting : a guide to the profession
Business coaching as a management tool
Creating a Business Plan for a Start-up Business Consultancy in Namibia
Out on your own : from corporate to self-employment
Management consulting in Sweden and in Finland : does culture have an inpact on how the management consulting projects are carried out?
Financial fundamentals for engineers : this book explains what ENGINEERS should be taught about MONEY (but usually have to learn the hard way)
The management idea factory : innovation and commodification in management consulting
Educational planning : the adviser's role
Abstract: Management consulting. Management consulting has long roots that reach all the way to the 19th century. First known as efficiency experts, they worked to improve efficiency on the shop floor level. Quite soon after, management consulting started to evolve in to a industry challenging the traditional industries. Today, the main purpose of management consultancies is to study and analyze the structure and functioning of a company as a whole or part of its segments and to find opportunities and strategies to improve the company's efficiency in the management level. The thesis aims to illustrate how management consulting has evolved over the years, how do the client and consultant communicate with each other, how to make consulting engagements as successful as possible and what problems might rise when dealing with management consultancies. The study was carried out by analyzing a number of different literature sources and by assembling the information into a form that would allow the reader to look directly into the client-consultant interaction. All the presented information aims to help the understanding of management consulting and the practical issues revolving around it.
Hands-on consulting : learning and applying the practice of management consulting
Competence inventory assessment in IT-consultancy  : Case development
Start and run a profitable consulting business
The consulting process in action
Process consultation : MAOM Capstone course for the University of Phoenix
The trusted firm : how consulting firms build successful client relationships
Problems with sawing
Guidelines on the use of consultants : by the Asian Development Bank and its borrowers : February 2007.
High income consulting : how to build and market your professional practice
Management consulting : a complete guide to the industry
The changing world of the trainer : emerging good practice
From the files of a security expert witness
Social media as a tool for recruiting : in a perspective of a small consulting company
Helping clients to help themselves : a discursive perspective to process consulting practices in multi-party settings
Consulting for dummies
Wind Energy Consultancies in Finland
Ties that blind? : how strong ties affect small business owner-managers' perceived trustworthiness of their advisors
Fool's advice and consultant's folly
Branded revolutionaries : circulated gurus as management tools in soft capitalism
Business model configurations in the consulting sector
Impediments to knowledge sharing in the interpersonal relationships of business consultants
The reflecting glass : professional coaching for leadership development
Fearless consulting : temptations, risks, and limits of the profession
Marketing your consulting and professional services
Managerial consulting skills : a practical guide
The process and challenges of establishing a consulting business : Tmi Helpperi
Flawless consulting : a guide to getting your expertise used
Management colsultancy : - what next?
Going solo : developing a home-based consulting business from the ground up
Consulting services operations manual : [a user's guide and practical aid to the process of recruiting and supervising consultants]
Strategic management of resources for international business operations in small consulting firms : people, processes and tools in managing international operations
The Harvard business school guide to careers in management consulting : 2000 edition
Vault guide to the case interview
Management consulting
How to succeed as an independent consultant
Management consulting as a developer of SMEs : the changing market structure in this professional service industry on its way towards professionalisation
How to start and run a successful consulting business
The contemporary consultant : casebook for teaching
How-to earn more using the professional excellence system for managing professionals
Building the new managerialist state : consultants and the politics of public sector reform in comparative perspectives
The Stylist : Becoming a Professional Image Consult
Management consulting : delivering an effective project
Consulting : the complete guide to a profitable career
Consulting to management
Million dollar consulting toolkit : step-by-step guidance, checklists, templates, and samples from the million dollar consultant
Public relations leaders as sensemakers : a global study of leadership in public relations and communication management
Guerrilla marketing for consultants : breakthrough tactics for winning profitable clients
How to be your own management consultant : consultancy tools and techniques to improve your business
The seven Cs of consulting : the definitive guide to the consulting process
The nomadic developer : surviving and thriving in the world of technology consulting
Marketing your consulting or professional services
Clients & consultants : meeting and exceeding expectations
Getting the most out of your consultant : a guide to selection through implementation
Project owner's and outside engineering consultant's role in power plant implementation projects
This title explores and compares trends in public management reform over the last 40 years in Britain, France, and Canada. It suggests that the rise and spread of managerialism in public bureaucracies is a process driven by the material interests of the management consultants who became powerful policy actors in public administration.
Abstract.
A client-consultant organisational learning model : generalisations from the interventions of an OB resource centre
High-impact consulting : how clients and consultants can leverage rapid results into long-term gains
Performance consulting : moving beyond training
Confronting the experts
How to be a consultant
Short form of contract : agreement, general conditions, rules for adjudication, notes for guidance
Guidelines on the use of consultants : by Asian Development Bank and its borrowers
Networked business consultancy as an enabler of the international  success of a SME
The Anatomy of Network Building in Management Consulting Firms
The management consulting industry described by using concept of "profession"
Management consultancy : the inside story
Guidelines on the use of consultants : by the Asian Development Bank and its borrowers : April 2006.
Management speak : why we listen to what management gurus tell us
Improving educational management through research and consultancy
Doing business in Russia : based on the example of Saint Petersburg and Northwestern Russia. Episode 2, Preparing for business : win the battle before getting engaged in it!
Effective consultancies in development and humanitarian programmes
Security consulting
Client-centred consulting : a practical guide for internal advisers and trainers
The consulting process as drama : learning from King Lear
Abstract: The Stylist : Becoming a Professional Image Consult. I wrote my thesis about the stylist and its agendas. The thesis purpose was to provide information on how to become a professional image consult, namely a stylist.  My thesis will tell the techniques, the technical tips, and the information on what a stylist does and where this career path can be used. The present thesis will also teach the student about the lessons, what a young student needs to learn before stepping into the professional field itself.  My thesis will inform also the students about what a stylist needs take into consideration before becoming involved with the career of a stylist. Such matters include e.g. different body types, colors, portfolio book, contact book, clients, different stylists etc. The present thesis is a qualitative various scholars and specialists have been consulted about the fashion industry's heroes, the stylists.
The role of relationship-specific factors for knowledge transfers in consultancy services
