http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12188 flounder
flounder
Elevated concentrations of certain heavy metals: cadmium, lead, nickel, zink, copper, manganese and iron, were recorded from surface sediments close to two fish-farms at Nåtö, as were the concentrations of cadmium in liver, kidney, spleen and bile, of lead in kidney and spleen, of nickel in kidney and spleen, of zink in liver, kidney, gonads, spleen, of copper in liver, gonads, spleen, of manganese in kidney and gonads, of iron in spleen, of flounder, from Nåtö. For turbot only the concentrations of cadmium and copper in the kidneys, and of zink in gonads were noteworthy. In the soft tissue of Baltic clay-mussel elevated concentrations of cadmium were recorded from Nåtö Biological Station, lead, zink, copper, and iron, from both the station and the mouth of the former Nåtö sewage pipeline. Elevated concentrations of cadmium were recorded from soft tissue of blue-mussel from the Föglö fairway (close to the Föglö fish-farm), and from Kobbaklintar light-house island, where also the concentrations of manganese were notable, as were lead in mussels from the Nåtö Biological Station. Also for the cockle-mussel the concentrations of cadmium were elevated at Nåtö Biological Station. All flounders, however, were safe for e.g. human consumption.
Heavy metals in the coastal environment around Nåtö, Lemland (Åland Islands, Baltic Sea)
Fisheries management in an ecological context : examples for the Baltic Sea
Greenland halibut biology and population dynamics : state of the art and identification of research needs : based on a Nordic Workshop
Concentrations of nickel (Ni) in some coastal Baltic fishes
Ovarian development and egg viability aspects in turbot (Scophthalmus maximus) and Atlantic halibut (Hippoglossus hippoglossus L.)
Flatfishes : biology and exploitation
Flounder (Platichthys flesus) spawning in Finnish archipelago waters
Proceedings of the International Symposium on North Pacific Flatfish : October 26-28, 1994, Anchorage, Alaska
Growth and mortality of juvenile plaice (Pleuronectes platessa L.) along the Swedish Skagerrak coast
Dynamic ecosystems under anthropogenic stress : how does macrotidal sandy beach fauna respond to green tides?
Ecology, fisheries and management of Greenland halibut (Reinhardtius hippoglossoides (Walbaum)) in the Canadian Northwest Atlantic
Reproduction of West-Nordic Greenland halibut : studies reflecting on maturity, fecundity, spawning and TEP
Greenland halibut in East Greenland waters : recruitment studies and mapping of nursery grounds
Tropical deep-sea benthos. Volume 23
Ecology of juvenile turbot and flounder in the Central Baltic Sea : Implications for recruitment
