http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1219 cultivated plants
cultivated plants
Root adaptation and ion selectivity affects the nutritional value of salt-stressed hydroponically grown baby-leaf Nasturtium officinale and Lactuca sativa
Maintenance of male sterile germplasm in Brassica rapa in vitro propagation
Impact of temperature and germination time on the success of a C4 weed in a C3 crop : Amaranthus retroflexus and spring barley
Farm anatomy : the curious parts & pieces of country life
Resistance of crop plants against fungi
Crop improvement. Volume 3 : Quality characters
Centry proishoždeniâ kul'turnyh rastenij = Studies on the origin of cultivated plants
Guide for field crops in the tropics and subtropics
Society's resources are scarce, and biosecurity actions need to be targeted and prioritised. Various models have been developed that prioritise and rank pests and diseases according to the risks they represent. A prioritisation model allows utilisation of scientific, ecological and economic information in decision-making related to biological hazards. This study discusses such models and the properties associated with them based on a review of 78 prioritisation studies. The scope of the models includes all aspects of biosecurity (human, animal and plant diseases, and invasive alien species), but with an emphasis on plant health. The geographical locations of the studies are primarily North America, Europe, Australia and New Zealand. Half of the studies were conducted during the past five years. The review finds that there generally seems to be several prioritisation models, especially in the case of invasive plants, but only a select few models are used extensively. Impacts are often accounted for in the model, but the extent and economic sophistication of their inclusion varies. Treatment of uncertainty and feasibility of control was lacking from many studies.
Plant communities of field boundaries in Finnish farmland
Nitrogen effect and impact of white lupin as green manure in cereal-rich crop rotation.
Bioregulators, chemistry and uses : based on a symposium sponsored by the Division of Agricultural and Food Chemistry at the 186th Meeting of the American Chemical Society, Washington, D.C., August 28 - September 2, 1983
Effects of supplemental lighting, semi-closed greenhouse and split-root fertigation on weekly to seasonal heat and electricity use and CO2 emissions in cucumber growing were estimated in Finland. With moderate lighting (170 W m-2 above rows, 60 W m-2 inter-row) in a ventilated greenhouse, seasonal electricity and heat use (MJ kg-1 cucumber) were 20-50 and 10-25, 17-30 and 3-8, 38-55 and 10-18 in spring, summer and autumn to mid-winter, respectively. In summer, a semi-closed greenhouse improved energy use efficiency by 20-30% and split-root fertigation by 0-15%. Raising light intensity and applying inter- row lighting allowed higher yields in autumn to mid-winter without affecting electricity use efficiency. In other seasons, increasing the lighting decreased the efficiency. The emissions largely resulted from electricity use. Direct emissions (kg CO2-eq kg-1) based on propane and electricity from the national grid were 2.5, 1.5 and 3.3 in spring, summer and autumn to mid-winter, respectively. Efficiency of using solar and supplemental PAR was markedly lower in summer than in other seasons. The results provide profile of energy use and emissions and point to ways to reduce them.
The use of plant genetic resources
Verticillium wilt of potato in relation to symptoms, epidemiology and variability of the pathogen
A two-factor field experiment was carried out at the Lithuanian Institute of Agriculture during the period 2005-2008. The influence of different tillage and fertilization practices on wheat grain fungal contamination was evaluated. Grain surface contamination and internal grain infection with fungi were quantified using agar tests. Purified colonies were identified using different manuals. A total of 16 fungal genera were identified in spring and winter wheat grains. Alternaria infected 46.3% - 99.9%, Cladosporium 26.9% - 77.8%, Fusarium 0.9% - 37.1%, Penicillium 1.3% - 2.5% of grains tested. Winter wheat grain surface contamination by fungi ranged from 7.2 × 103 to 24.8 × 103 of colony forming units per g of grain (cfu g-1), spring wheat from 14.8 × 103 to 80.3 × 103 cfu g-1. No-tillage increased winter wheat grain infection by Alternaria, Aspergillus and Cladosporium species and total count of cfu g-1 on spring wheat grain surface. High fertilizer rates resulted in an increase in spring wheat grain infection by Fusarium and Penicillium species and total count of cfu g-1 on both spring and winter wheat grain surface.
Dictionary of cultivated plants and their regions of diversity : excluding most ornamentals, forest trees and lower plants
International code of nomenclature for cultivated plants - 195 = ICNCP or Cultivated plant code : adopted by the International Commission for the Nomenclature of Cultivated Plants
Domestication of plants in the Old World : the origin and spread of domesticated plants in Southwest Asia, Europe, and the Mediterranean Basin
Cassava : biology, production and utilization
A review of risk prioritisation schemes of pathogens, pests and weeds: principles and practices
Second Global Plan of Action for Plant Genetic Resources for Food and Agriculture : adopted by the FAO Council, Rome, Italy, 29 November 2011.
Hemp horizons : the comeback of the world's most promising plant
The variation of animals and plants under domestication
Top 100 food plants
Genetic variability in the physiological responses of Andean lupin to drought stress
Lost crops of the Incas : little-known plants of the Andes with promise for worldwide cultivation
Management of gypsiferous soils
Global economic and environmental aspects of biofuels
The weed flora in conventionally and organically grown spring cereals was investigated in southern and central Finland during 2007-2009. The survey was conducted in 16 regions, 283 farms and 595 fields (72 organically cropped and 523 conventionally cropped fields, of which 503 were treated with herbicides). The occurrence of weeds was assessed in late July-early August. Altogether 148 weed species were identified, of which 128 were broad-leaved and 20 grass species. In organically cropped fields, the average species number per field was 21 and the most frequent species were Chenopodium album 96%, Stellaria media 94%, Viola arvensis 94% and Elymus repens 89%. In conventionally cropped fields, the average species number was 12 and the most frequent weed species were Viola arvensis 83%, Stellaria media 65%, Galeopsis spp. 59% and Galium spurium 59%. The average density of weeds was 160 m-2 (median = 112) in sprayed conventional fields and 519 m-2 (468) in organic fields. The average air-dry biomass of weeds was 167 kg ha-1 (median = 82) and 775 kg ha-1 (563), respectively. Elymus repens, the most frequent and abundant grass species, produced the highest proportion (about 30%) of the total weed biomass in both cropping systems. The frequency of Galium spurium in conventional cropping and Fumaria officinalis in organic cropping had increased substantially since the previous survey in 1997-1999. The average size of the weed seedbank in the 5 cm surface layer was about 1 700 seeds m-2, the most predominant seeds being of C. album. Although the weed flora in Finnish spring cereal fields consists of numerous species, only a fraction of them severely threaten crop production in terms of their frequency and abundance. Weeds in conventional cropping were effectively controlled with available herbicides whereas weed management in organic cropping calls for urgent measures such as direct mechanical weed control in crop stands, which was not practised at all in survey fields.
Plants, man and life
A longer growing season and higher accumulated effective temperature sum (ETS) will improve crop production potential in Finland. The production potential of new or at present underutilised crops (e.g. maize (Zea mays L.), oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.), lucerne (Medicago sativa L.)) will improve and it will be possible to grow more productive varieties of the currently grown crops (spring wheat (Triticum aestivum L.), barley (Hordeum vulgare L.), oats (Avena sativa L.)). Also cultivation of autumn sown crops could increase if winters become milder and shorter, promoting overwintering success. Climatic conditions may on the other hand become restrictive in many ways. For example, early season droughts could intensify because of higher temperatures and consequent higher evaporation rates. Current low winter temperatures and short growing season help restrict the development and spread of pests and pathogens, but this could change in the future. Longer growing seasons, warmer autumns and milder winters may initiate new problems with higher occurrences of weeds, pests and pathogens, including new types of viruses and virus vectors. Anoxia of overwintering crops caused by ice encasement, and physical damage caused by freezing and melting of water over the fields may also increase. In this study we identify the most likely changes in crop species and varieties in Finland and the pest and pathogen species that are most likely to create production problems as a result of climate change during this century.
Pests and diseases in a changing climate a major challenge for Finnish crop production
Plant cell factories : production of hydrophobin fusion proteins in plant cell cultures
Fertilizer use by crop
Alien pest species in agriculture and horticulture in Finland
Weeds in spring cereal fields in Finland - a third survey
Global changes in food demand resulting from population growth and more meat-intensive diets require an increase in global protein crop production, not least as climate change and increasing scarcity of fresh water could restrict future production. In contrast to many other regions, in Finland climate change could open new opportunities through enabling more diverse cropping systems. It is justified to re-enquire whether the extent and intensity of protein crop production are optimized, resources are used efficiently and sustainably, cropping systems are built to be resilient and whether ecological services that protein crops provide are utilized appropriately. This paper aims to analyze in a descriptive manner the biological grounds for sustainable intensification of protein crop production in Finland. Production security is considered by evaluating the effects of and likelihood for constraints typical for northern conditions, examining historical and recent crop failures and estimating ecosystem services that more extensive introduction of protein crops potentially provide for northern cropping systems now and in a changing climate. There is an evident potential to expand protein crop production sustainably to a couple of times its current area. In general, variability in protein yields tends to be higher for protein crops than spring cereals. Nevertheless, protein yield variability was not necessarily systematically higher for Finland, when compared with other European regions, as it was for cereals. Protein crops provide significant ecological services that further support their expanded production. By this means protein self-sufficiency remains unrealistic, but increased production of protein crops can be achieved. The expansion of rapeseed and legumes areas also seems to be economically feasible. From the economic viewpoint, an increase in domestic protein supply requires that farmers have economic incentives to a) cultivate protein-rich crops instead of cereals, and b) use them as animal feed instead of imported sources of protein. Environmental sustainability is an argument to justify economic support for protein-rich crops and thus increase their cultivation.
Chromosome botany and the origins of cultivated plants
Principles of crop production : theory, techniques and technology
Crops & man
Proceedings of the IVth International Symposium on Models for Plant Growth, Environmental Control and Farm Management in Protected Cultivation : HORTIMODEL 2012 : Nanjing, China November 4-8, 2012
Plant science : an introduction to world crops
Virus and virus-like diseases of major crops in developing countries
Cultivated plants and their wild relatives
Allocation of added selenium in lettuce and its impact on roots
This technical paper presents a global review on the use of aquatic macrophytes as feed for farmed fish, with particular reference to their current and potential use by small-scale farmers. The review is organized under four major divisions of aquatic macrophytes: algae, floating macrophytes, submerged macrophytes and emergent macrophytes. Under floating macrophytes, Azolla, duckweeds and water hyacinths are discussed separately; the remaining floating macrophytes are grouped together and are reviewed as 'other floating macrophytes'. The review covers aspects concerned with the production and/or cultivation techniques and use of the macrophytes in their fresh and/or processed state as feed for farmed fish. Efficiency of feeding is evaluated by presenting data on growth, food conversion and digestibility of target fish species. Results of laboratory and field trials and on-farm utilization of macrophytes by farmed fish species are presented. The paper provides information on the different processing methods employed (including composting and fermentation) and results obtained to date with different species throughout the world with particular reference to Asia. Finally, it gives information on the proximate and chemical composition of most commonly occurring macrophytes, their classification and their geographical distribution and environmental requirements
First International Symposium on Taxonomy of Cultivated Plants : Wageningen, Netherlands, 12-16 August 1985
In the boreal zone of Europe, differences between the four seasons are considerable. Also, the within-season variation in climatic conditions is substantial. This has many impacts on agriculture that are exceptional when compared to any other environmental zone in Europe. All the meteorological data were based on weather observations made by the Finnish Meteorological Institute. Likelihood (%) for soil frost (≤ 0 °C at 20 cm soil depth) at nine weather stations, and late snow cover (> 1 cm) (10 km × 10 km grid) were estimated for late spring. Probabilities (%) of night frost at the ground surface (March-September) were calculated at nine weather stations by frequencies of the lowest observed night-time temperature: a) between -2 and -5 °C (mild), b) ≤ -5 °C (moderate) and c) ≤ -9 °C (severe). Also, the probabilities (%) of night frost in mid-summer were estimated (≤ -1 °C for at least five hours). Furthermore, a significant shift from mild to below-freezing conditions was measured in winter as a period of at least ten days with daily maximum temperatures above 0°C followed by at least a 10-day period with daily mean temperatures below -5°C in order to characterize high fluctuating winter conditions. All these except late snow cover constitute high risks to crop production. Deep soil frost may postpone sowings, while in advanced springs, night frost may cause damage. For winter crops and perennials, shifts from mild to cold spells outside the growing season are particularly detrimental. Again the data may have many other applications beyond the assessments highlighted in this paper.
Biological control of crop diseases
Solute movement in the rhizosphere
Results of the official variety trials 2008-2015.
Methods in agricultural chemical analysis : a practical handbook
Genes, crops and the environment
Introduction to crop husbandry including grassland
Plant nutrition of greenhouse crops
Climate change and agriculture : theory and application of mitigation policies
Alternative crops for the prairies
Effects of P level in nutrient solution and the colonization of roots by arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi (AMF) on P uptake by tomato plants, their nutritional status, yield and quality of fruits were studied. Plants were grown on rockwool or coconut coir. Inoculation by a mixture of several AMF species was performed three times during the growing period. The mycorrhizal frequency in roots inoculated with AMF amounted to 35.79 - 50.82%. The highest level of mycorrhiza was found in plants receiving nutrient solution with a lower concentration of P. Among the experimental factors, only P level influenced the fruit yield, being higher from plants receiving a nutrient solution with a higher P level. A higher concentration of P in nutrient solution imposed better nutritional status of plants. Higher contents of ascorbic acid and total soluble sugars were found in fruits collected from inoculated plants, grown on rockwool.
Three trials were performed on two organic farms with dairy and suckler cows and using home-produced forage and feed crops, predominantly grass-clover ley, in order to determine whether boron (B) is a limiting factor for legumes on coarse-textured soils in an area predisposed to low B soil concentrations. The effects of B fertilisation (applied as sprayed liquid) on biomass yield, botanical composition and plant macro- and micronutrient concentrations relative to soil concentrations and livestock requirements were investigated. Boron fertilisation (i) did not affect any yield, (ii) increased the white clover percentage significantly in forage on one farm and (iii) increased B concentrations in plants and soil on both farms, and (iv) did not affect concentrations of other nutrients in forage on either farm. Thus, B was not an obvious limiting factor on these farms. Effects of management practices on interactions and   ratios between B, calcium (Ca), potassium (K), magnesium (Mg) and sodium (Na) and their implications are discussed.
Exploring environmental knowledge: the construction and conservation of agricultural biodiversity in Ghana
Physiology of crop plants
Effect of annually repeated undersowing on cereal grain yields
Effect of mycorrhiza and phosphorus content in nutrient solution on the yield and nutritional status of tomato plants grown  on rockwool or coconut coir
Crops and environmental change : an introduction to effects of global warming, increasing atmospheric CO2 and O3 concentrations, and soil salinization on crop physiology and yield
Ecological crop geography
Mansfeld's encyclopedia of agricultural and horticultural crops. 6, [Addenda, references, indices]
Directory of germplasm collections. 4, Vegetables: Abelmoschus, Allium, Amaranthus, Brassicaceae, Capsicum, Cucurbitaceae, Lycopersicon, Solanum and other vegetables
Producing Sea Buckthorn of High Quality : proceedings of the 3rd European Workshop on Sea Buckthorn : Naantali, Finland, October 14-16, 2014
Status of research and application of crop biotechnologies in developing countries : preliminary assessment
Fireweed, roseroot, Bergenia and chokeberry : joint research for supporting the herb production
This book (28 chapters), which is the 17th volume in the Crop Production Science in Horticulture Series (18 volumes that focus on scientific principles underlying production practices for economically important horticultural crops from major production systems in temperate, subtropical and tropical climatic areas), summarizes the available information regarding the origin, taxonomy, breeding, physiology, agronomy, pathology (pests and diseases) and processing of cassava, sweet potato, yams and aroids (mainly Alocasia macrorrhiza, Amorphophallus campanulatus, Colocasia esculenta, Cyrtosperma merkusii and Xanthosoma sagittifolium). This book is for researchers, farmers, students and all stakeholders in developing countries, and for those who are working in international institutions.
Effects of lighting, semi-closed greenhouse and split-root fertigation on energy use and CO2 emissions in high latitude cucumber growing
The protection of small grains, other than wheat, rice, or sorghums, 1979 - April 1990 : citations from AGRICOLA concerning diseases and other environmental considerations
Elevation in temperatures due to climate change could promote the invasion by C4 weed species of arable fields in the boreal region, which are dominated by C3 crops. The success of Amaranthus retroflexus L. (a C4 weed) in spring barley (a C3 crop) was studied at current and elevated temperatures (3°C difference) in a greenhouse experiment in southern Finland. The competition treatments included no competition and four levels of competition with barley, differing in terms of germination time. The success of A. retroflexus was measured as growth (height and biomass) and seed production (number and biomass). Elevation in temperature enhanced seed production of A. retroflexus, but the impact on growth was minor (only difference in plant height in one treatment). The growth and seed production of A. retroflexus in competition with barley was minimal although the growth of barley decreased with the rise in temperature. The results indicate that climate change could improve growth of a C4 weed such as A. retroflexus, but it is unlikely to succeed in spring barley.
International code of nomenclature for cultivated plants : (I.C.N.C.P. or Cultivated Plant Code) : incorporating the rules and recommendations for naming plants in cultivation
Value from village processing
Effect of nitrogen fertilization, grass species and cultivar on sod production on Valkeasuo peat bog - a case study
The amount and extractability of DNA in different parts of MON810 GM hybrid was studied during different developmental stages. To quantify GM contents, an evaluation was performed of the effect of plant development stage on DNA density. To this end, the evolution of weights, absolute DNA yields, DNA densities and ratios of endosperm and embryo relative to total maize kernel were studied. Sampling at four stages during the growth shows an influence on relative GM quantification based on haploid genome equivalents, due to the specific maize seed composition and differences in DNA extractability from different seed tissues. During plant growth, plant parts with potential GM genes (embryo in kernel and cob on total plant) increase in importance on weight and DNA concentration level, while the endosperm drops in relative importance. Expected % GM maize values are calculated for a whole field harvest of grain maize.
Challenge of plant and agricultural sciences to the crisis of biosphere on the Earth in the 21st Century
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1996-2003 = Results of official variety trials 1996-2003
Historical geography of crop plants : a select roster
Nutritional disorders of plants : development, visual and analytical diagnosis
New world plants and their uses : a guide to selected literature and genetic resources 1980-1993
Climate change adaptation in arable land use, and impact on nitrogen load at catchment scale in northern agriculture
Pollination directory for world crops
Adaptation in plant breeding : selected papers from the XIV EUCARPIA Congress on Adaptation in Plant Breeding held at Jyväskylä, Finland from July 31 to August 4, 1995
Gene flow between crops and their wild relatives
Results of the official variety trials 2009-2016.
Seed wars : controversies and cases on plant genetic resources and intellectual property
Genetic glass ceilings : transgenics for crop biodiversity
Introduction to crop husbandry
Evolution of crop plants
Crop production in saline environments : global and integrative perspectives
Plant growth regulators : agricultural uses
Influence of changes in crop cultivation areas on pollen contents of honey
The national crop wild relative strategy report for Finland
Modern greenhouse pepper production should evolve towards more sustainable systems. The growing technique which combines soilless culture and biostimulants may reduce nutrient and water use with beneficial impact on the environment. Therefore, this work aimed to investigate effects of biostimulants application on hydroponically produced pepper plants (Capsicum annuum L.) in conditions of reduced fertilization. Positive influence of biostimulant treatment on yield parameters was observed along with significant decrease in incidence of blossom-end rot (BER) in two pepper cultivars. Biostimulants application resulted in overall increase in macro- and microelement content in fruits of treated pepper cultivars. Generally, biostimulants improved the yield of pepper plants grown hydroponically by increasing the nutrient uptake and decreasing the occurrence of BER. Thus, the application of biostimulants could be considered as a good production strategy for obtaining high yields of nutritionally valuable vegetables with lower impact on the environment.
Food, farms & solidarity : French farmers challenge industrial agriculture and genetically modified crops
Species composition, abundance, and forecasting of Lygus bugs (Heteroptera: Miridae) on field crops in Finland
Pests of cultivated plants in Finland
Influence of plant developmental stage on DNA yield and extractability in MON810 maize
Lihaluujauho kauran lannoitteena : teurastamoteollisuuden sivutuote lannoitteeksi = Meat and bone meal as fertilizer for oats : from slaughter house waste to fertilizer
A small stand of Slender Rush or Path Rush, Juncus tenuis Willd., was found on trampled gravelly and stony ground at the edge of a car park on a path to café Soltuna on the hills of Geta (Getabergen). There were only 3 larger and 13 small tussocks of the species growing on approximately one square metre. The accompanying vascular plants were few; Agrostis cf. capillaris, Juncus effusus, Leontodon autumnalis, Plantago major subsp. major and Poa annua were the only taxa observed among the rush tussocks. Juncus tenuis was not seen during investigations of the vascular plant flora at Soltuna in 2003 and 2007. Juncus tenuis is introduced from North America to Europe and elsewhere....
The objective of this research was to study the effects of nutrient solution aeration [no aeration (NA), low aeration (LA) or high aeration (HA)] and growing cycle (autumn, winter and summer) on the yield, quality, and shelf life of red lettuce as a fresh-cut product grown in a floating system. The specific leaf area, yield and root diameter were affected by the growing cycle. The percentage of dry matter and the nitrate content were affected by growing cycle and aeration, total phenolics and mesophilic microorganism by aeration and storage time, hue angle and chromacity by growing cycle and storage time, and antioxidant capacity, vitamin C, lightness and psychrophilic microorganisms were affected by all three factors. NA conditions increased the antioxidant capacity in summer and vitamin C content in winter. The lowest mesophilic and psychrophilic count was observed in autumn. The effect of aeration on most of the quality parameters measured was influenced by the growing cycle.
A profile of economic plants
The impact of intercropping green bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) with red beet (Beta vulgaris L. var. rubra) and radish (Raphanus sativus L.), two non-legume plants, on the plants' yields, as well as the effect on occurrence and enumeration of microorganisms in the rhizosphere was studied. The intercrop efficacy evaluation, using Land equivalent ratio, revealed values above 1.0 for all intercropped treatments. Diversity of rhizobia from green bean nodules under different intercropping and fertilizing conditions was observed. On the basis of morphological and biochemical characteristics, 67 out of 158 isolates from green bean roots were selected as rhizobia (42.4%), confirmed by detection of 780 bp nifH gene fragments in nifH-PCR, and then clustered in 27 phenotype patterns. Production of exopolysaccharide succinoglycan was observed in 23 rhizobial isolates, while 6 were detected to solubilize tricalcium phosphate. Screening of genetic diversity using (GTG)5-PCR fingerprinting showed presence of six different patterns on the 92% similarity level.
Plant resources of South-East Asia. 11, Auxiliary plants
Cold hardiness research on agricultural and horticultural crops in Finland
The effects of light-emitting diode lighting on greenhouse plant growth and quality
Survey of crop genetic resources in their centres of diversity : first report
Ecology and evolution of plant-feeding insects in natural and man-made environments
Principles of horticulture
Prolongation of the growing season due to a warming climate could represent new opportunities for northern agriculture. Climatic and biotic constraints may challenge future crop production. The objective of this study was to speculate how a range of arable land use patterns, resulting from various policy driven choices, could be introduced into a farming system, and how they would affect the risks associated with nutrient leaching. We found that while adaptation to climate change must include consideration of crop choices, there are conflicts associated with allocations and rotations for various market and policy situations. The expected increase in nutrient loading in the simulations caused by climate change was moderate. The increase can partly be compensated for by changes in farmland use, more in the shorter term than in the longer term to mid-century. In the future, adaptation at cropping system level is potentially an efficient way to manage nutrient load risks.
The origins of agriculture : an evolutionary perspective
ESTABLISHMENT OF SHORT ROTATION WOODY CROP TRIALS IN ATLANTIC CANADA
Nutrient solution aeration and growing cycles affect quality and yield of fresh-cut baby leaf red lettuce
Mansfeld's encyclopedia of agricultural and horticultural crops : (except ornamentals). 5, [Angiospermae - Monocotyledones: Orchidaceae - Pandanaceae]
Home herbal : cultivating herbs for your health, home and wellbeing
The new Oxford book of food plants
Atmospheric impact of bioenergy based on reed canary grass cultivation on organic soil
Crops for industry : a practical guide to non-food and oilseed agriculture
Field crop diseases
Pests of cultivated plants in Finland during 1987
Biological control : proceedings of an AAAS Symposium on Biological Control, held at Boston, Massachusetts December 30-31, 1969
Acknowledging that plant nutrition in greenhouse cultivation differs in many essentials from field production, this book details specific information about testing methods for soils and substrates in a greenhouse environment.
Essays on socially optimal phosphorus policies in crop production
Weed flora in organically grown spring cereals in Finland
Hazards and opportunities : farming livelihoods in dryland Africa : lessons from Zimbabwe
Tropical root and tuber crops : cassava, sweet potato, yams and aroids
Global review of commercialized transgenic crops : 2002 feature : Bt maize
Mansfeld's encyclopedia of agricultural and horticultural crops : (except ornamentals). 1, [Algae - Fungi - Pteridophyta - Gymnospermae: Angiospermae - Dicotyledones: Magnoliaceae - Chrysobalanaceae]
The second report on the state of the world's plant genetic resources for food and agriculture
Lockhart & Wiseman's crop husbandry including grassland
New crops for food and industry
Genetic and production innovations in field crop technology : new developments in theory and practice
Weed management for developing countries. Addendum 1
Green auctions with joint environmental benefits
Environmental impacts of conventionally and year-round produced greenhouse tomato (Solanum lycopersicum L.) production chain in Finland
Spatial and temporal variation in weather events critical for boreal agriculture: II Precipitation
Breeding crops with resistance to diseases and pests
Plant evolution under domestication
Transgenic plants and world agriculture
Plant breeding and whole-system crop physiology : improving crop maturity, adaptation and yield
A linkage map of spring turnip rape based on RFLP and RAPD markers
CRC handbook of tropical food crops
East African crops : an introduction to the production of field and plantation crops in Kenya, Tanzania and Uganda
Use of algae and aquatic macrophytes as feed in small-scale aquaculture : a review
Crop production : principles and practices
Neutral lipid fatty acid analysis is a sensitive marker for quantitative estimation of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi in agricultural soil with crops of different mycotrophy
The origin of cultivated plants
Proceedings of Ist International Symposium on Sustainable Vegetable Production in Southeast Asia : Salatiga, Indonesia, March 14-17, 2011
Regional P stocks in soil and in animal manure as compared to P requirement of plants in Finland : Baltic Forum for Innovative Technologies for Sustainable Manure Management : WP4 Standardisation of manure types with focus on phosphorus
Mansfeld's encyclopedia of agricultural and horticultural crops : (except ornamentals). 2, [Angiospermae - Dicotyledones: Leguminosae - Balsaminaceae]
The Oxford book of food plants
Nitrogen-fixing bacteria in nonleguminous crop plants
FAO/IAEA Mutant Variety Database : MVD
Managing Sonchus arvensis using mechanical and cultural methods
Domestication of plants in the Old World : the origin and spread of cultivated plants in West Asia, Europe, and the Nile Valley
Insurance of crops in developing countries
This report, prepared with the participation of member countries as well as the public and private sectors, demonstrates the central role plant genetic diversity continues to play in shaping agriculture growth in the face of climate change and other environmental challenges. It provides the decision-makers with a technical basis for policy and technical decision to strengthen national efforts. It also aims to attract the attention of the global community to set priorities for the effective management of plant genetic resources for the future. Country reports and thematic studies are available on the accompanying CD-ROM.--Publisher's description.
Virus diseases and crop biosecurity
NJF Seminar 405 : Production and utilization of crops for energy, Vilnus, Lithuania 25-26 September 2007
Crop improvement : challenges in the twenty-first century
Soil nitrate N as influenced by annually undersown cover crops in spring cereals
Weed flora and weed management of field peas in Finland
There is great temporal and spatial variation in precipitation in Finland. Both drought episodes and repeated, abundant rains may interfere with crop growth, yield and quality formation, and many agricultural operations (such as tillage, sowing, crop protection and harvesting). The windows for optimal operations are often narrow due to the short growing season and variable weather conditions. Field traffic at high soil moisture may e.g. cause soil compaction. Also, the high environmental footprint on agriculture under high latitude conditions is often attributable to fluctuations in precipitation. The station-wise precipitation observations from the Finnish Meteorological Institute for the time period of 54 years (1961‒2014) were interpolated to a regular 10 km × 10 km grid covering the whole country. Several successive time slices were used to calculate the likelihood of: 1) drought periods and 2) periods with repeated rains with above normal precipitation sum so that both of these lasted for at least a) two weeks or b) three weeks. We demonstrated substantial spatial and temporal variation in the likelihood of drought and repeated rains: drought episodes were common during the early half of the growing season, while again repeated rains with high accumulated precipitation (lasting for two weeks) became common in the latter part of the growing season. Though, we highlighted in this paper some examples of how these events may affect agriculture and their environmental impacts, the datasets published here may be applied for many other assessments.
New crops
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1997-2004 = Results of official variety trials 1997-2004
The Hamlyn guide to edible and medicinal plants of Britain and Northern Europe
Protein crop production at the northern margin of farming : to boost or not to boost
Biotechnology of the medicinal plant, Rhazya stricta
Spatial and temporal variation in weather events critical for boreal agriculture: III Frost and winter time fluctuation
Responses of mustard (Brassica campestris) and rice (Oryza sativa) cultivars to tropospheric ozone in India : results from EDU treatments
Desert development : proceedings of the second international desert development conference held on 25-31 January in Cairo, Egypt. Part 1, Desert agriculture, ecology and biology
Effects of gradual and sudden heat stress on seed quality of Andean lupin, Lupinus mutabilis
The response of watercress (Nasturtium officinale L.) to salinity has been scarcely addressed in literature despite its growing importance in the baby-leaf market and its wide cultivation in salt-affected agricultural regions. This work evaluates the effect of salinity (2.5, 5 and 10 dS m-1) on productive and quality features of watercress compared with another crop widely cultivated for the baby-leaf sector (lettuce, Lactuca sativa). In watercress, a linear relationship (R2=0.75) was observed between yield decrease and Cl- accumulation in leaves, whereas yield was not affected by salinity in lettuce. NaCl application increased Na+ accumulation at the expense of Ca2+ uptake in the leaf tissues of both crops, but also of K+ in watercress. Health-related features were improved by salinity (e.g. increased phenolics and reduced nitrates), especially in watercress, with limited sensorial quality evaluation effects..
Meat and bone meal as nitrogen fertilizer to cereals in Norway
Broadening the genetic base of crops : proceedings of the conference : Wageningen, Netherlands 3-7 July 1978
Control of crop productivity : edited by C. J. Pearson
Plants and people : choices and diversity through time
Root-associated nitrogen fixation in grasses and cereals
Virallisten lajikokeiden tulokset 1994 - 2001 = Results of officialvariety trials 1994 - 2001
Edible plants of Uganda : the value of wild and cultivated plants as food
Roots of arable crops : production, growth dynamics and nitrogen content
Mansfeld's encyclopedia of agricultural and horticultural crops. 3, Angiospermae - Dicotyledones: Malpighiaceae - Oleaceae
Collected leaflets on insect pests of farm & garden crops
Agricultural diversification is one way of meeting the future challenges associated with climate change and population growth, making farmers' access to a diversity of high-yielding, good quality cultivars critical. In this paper we provide an overview of the seed system in the Nordic region from the 1950 to the present. The emphasis  is on breeding businesses and their production of cultivars. Key primary sources have been the national variety lists, other written sources on plant breeding, and a survey. We document how enterprises have merged and how this consolidation process has affected the production of new cultivars and led to an emphasis on major crops, resulting in the abandonment of breeding activities for several other crops. The results are discussed in relation to structures and in the broader context of agrobiodiversity issues in peripheral regions of the world.
Pests and diseases
First International Symposium Taxonomy of Cultivated Plants : [August 12-16, 1985, Wageningen, The Netherlands] : [book of abstracts]
Recycling of biomass ashes / Heribert Insam, Brigitte A. Knapp (editors)
Composition of weed flora in spring cereals in Finland : a fourth survey
A guide to native plants of the New York City region
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2003-2010 = Results of official variety trials 2003-2010
Plant adaptation to temperature and photoperiod
Sea buckthorn (Hippophae rhamnoides L.) : production and utilization
LED lighting for urban agriculture
Brassica oilseeds : production and utilization
Collaboration on genetic resources : summary proceedings of a workshop on germplasm exploration and evalution in India,14-15 November 1988, ICRISAT Center, India
The evolution of Gossypium and the differentiation of the cultivated cottons
Crops of the drier regions of the tropics
Content of zinc, iron and their absorption inhibitors in Nicaraguan common beans (Phaseolus vulgaris L.)
Finnish Grain Quality in 2013.
Effects of sowing time on pink snow mould, leaf rust and winter damage in winter rye varieties in Finland
Catastrophic yield risks and the demand for crop insurance in Finland
New kitchen garden : organic gardening and cooking with herbs, vegetables and fruit
Biogeochemistry in acid sulphate soil landscapes and small urban centres in Western Finland
Proceedings of the VIth International Symposium The Taxonomy of Cultivated Plants : Beijing, China, July 15-19, 2013
Principles of ecology in plant production
Tropical tree crops
Herbal medicine production : breeding and cultivation of salicylates producing plants
Synthetic account of the second global plan of action for plant genetic resources for food and agriculture
Plant molecular breeding
Leucaena : promising forage and tree crop for the tropics report of a study
The effect of different tillage-fertilization practices on the mycoflora of wheat grains
Combinable alternative crops - their agronomy
Commercial cultivars and farmers' access to crop diversity: a case study from the Nordic region
Biorefinery : from biomass to chemicals and fuels
Mansfeld's encyclopedia of agricultural and horticultural crops : (except ornamentals). 4, [Angiospermae - Dicotyledones: Loganiaceae - Compositae: Angiospermae - Monocotyledones: Dioscoreaceae - Iridaceae
Organic crop breeding
Dictionary of cultivated plants and their centres of diversity : excluding ornamentals, forest trees and lower plants
Seed identification handbook
Nutrient disequilibria in agroecosystems : concepts and case studies
Proceedings of the workshops on "Conservation of the wild relatives of European cultivated plants"
Climate change and management of cool season grain legume crops
Economic botany : plants in our world
Proceedings of the IInd International Conference on Landscape and Urban Horticulture : Bologna, Italy, June 9 - 13, 2009.. Vol. 2
Nitrogen fertilizer rates, N balances, and related risk of N leaching in Finnish agriculture
Crop yields and supply of nitrogen compared in conventional and organic farming systems
Natural biostimulants reduce the incidence of BER in sweet yellow pepper plants (Capsicum annuum L.)
The strawberry in North America : history, origin, botany, and breeding
The impact of host mycotrophy on arbuscular mycorrhizal fungal (AMF) markers was studied in a temperate agricultural soil cropped with mycorrhizal barley, flax, reed canary-grass, timothy, caraway and quinoa and non-mycorrhizal buckwheat, dyer's woad, nettle and false flax. The percentage of AMF root colonization, the numbers of infective propagules by the Most Probable Number (MPN) method, and the amounts of signature Phospholipid Fatty Acid (PLFA) 16:1ω5 and Neutral Lipid Fatty Acid (NLFA) 16:1ω5 were measured as AMF markers.  Crop had a significant impact on MPN levels of AMF, on NLFA 16:1ω5 levels in bulk and rhizosphere soil and on PLFA 16:1ω5 levels in rhizosphere soil. Reed canary-grass induced the highest levels of AMF markers. Mycorrhizal markers were at low levels in all non-mycorrhizal crops. NLFA 16:1ω5 and the ratio of NLFA to PLFA 16:1ω5 from bulk soil are adequate methods as indicators of AMF biomass in soil.
Useful plants of Ghana : West African uses of wild and cultivated plants
Juncus tenuis found in the Åland Islands, SW Finland
The aim of this study is to present the light emitting diode (LED) technology for greenhouse plant lighting and to give an overview about LED light effects on photosynthetic indices, growth, yield and nutritional value in green vegetables and tomato, cucumber, sweet pepper transplants. The sole LED lighting, applied in closed growth chambers, as well as combinations of LED wavelengths with conventional light sources, fluorescent and high pressure sodium lamp light, and natural illumination in greenhouses are overviewed. Red and blue light are basal in the lighting spectra for green vegetables and tomato, cucumber, and pepper transplants; far red light, important for photomorphogenetic processes in plants also results in growth promotion. However, theoretically unprofitable spectral parts as green or yellow also have significant physiological effects on investigated plants. Presented results disclose the variability of light spectral effects on different plant species and different physiological indices.
This paper explores the idea of environmental knowledge by focusing on the social construction of agricultural biodiversity. The fieldwork was conducted in 2003-2004 in Ghana. The research methodology consisted of interviewing and focus group discussions. The respondents varied from researchers and government officials to members of women's farming groups who cultivate rice. This paper argues that by understanding how agricultural biodiversity is constructed it is possible to highlight different ways of understanding the environment by different actors. The paper begins with an overview of the emergence of agricultural biodiversity as a global environmental issue. With this background in mind, this paper examines the different ways of construction and conservation of Oryza glaberrima, the indigenous rice variety of Ghana. Three different discursive positions, ranging from scientific to local knowledge, are identified. The Agric, Diversity and Local discourse frame and categorise rice and other crop varieties in a different manner. The categories identified reflect the visible characteristics of the varieties and their social meanings, related to their use or function in the wider social context. These different categories are corresponding and conflicting, as well as inclusive and exclusive, and have become institutionalised into social rules, norms and practices, which further establish the efforts to conserve O. glaberrima.
Australian field crops. Vol. 2, Tropical cereals, oilseeds, grain legumes and other crops
Medicinal plants at home : more than 100 easy, practical, and efficient natural remedies
Weed occurrence in Finnish coastal regions : a survey of organically cropped spring cereals
Seasonal occurrence of Lygus bugs on field crops in Finland
Intercropped red beet and radish with green bean affected microbial communities and nodulation by indigenous rhizobia
Plant science : growth, development, and utilization of cultivated plants
The origin and domestication of cultivated plants : symposium organized by Centro Linceo Interdisciplinare di Scienze Matematiche e Loro Applicazioni, Accademia Nazionale dei Lincei, Rome 25-27 November 1985
Mulching has become an important practice in modern field production. This article reviews the published research on paper mulches and discusses the opportunity that they offer for solving the problems of the immense use of plastics in agriculture and the associated environmental threat. Paper mulches break down naturally after usage and incorporate into the soil. Laying paper mulches in large scale farming is a problem to be solved. The quality of the paper needs to be adapted or improved for mulching purposes, and its price needs to be more competitive with that of plastic mulches. The review shows that there is considerable potential for using paper mulches in agriculture and horticulture.
Doubled haploid production in crop plants : a manual
Plant factory : an indoor vertical farming system for efficient quality food production
Can protoplast production from in vitro cultured shoots of Tanacetum vary during the season?
Crop ecology : productivity and management in agricultural systems
Crop pests in Northern Namibia : pearl millet, sorghum, maize, cowpea and cucurbits
The aim of organic agriculture is to produce food of high nutritional quality in sufficient quantity. Field experiments were conducted to evaluate the effect of organic and conventional growing systems on (i) total amounts and supply of N taken up or applied to plants during a five year crop cycle period and (ii) crops total dry matter (DM) yield obtained during same period. The total DM yields from the organic treatments were 25-33% smaller than from the conventional treatments. The ratio of N output/N input was significantly the smallest in the organic treatment with cattle manure, where only 37% of all supplied N was used by plants during the crop cycle period. The organic fertiliser with faster mineralisation rate and splitting the application of organic N during crop cycle period would be more appropriate to supply sufficient quantities of N during rapid plant growth and to obtain higher crop yields in organic farming systems.
Crop variety trials : data management and analysis
From plants to products : Van Iterson Jr and useful plants in the Botanical Garden of Delft University of Technology
Principles of crop improvement
Special requirements of aquaponics in Finland
The complete guide to soilless gardening
Feasibility of paper mulches in crop production : a review
Seed to civilization : the story of man's food
So shall you reap : farming and crops in human affairs
Plant genetic resources : an introduction to their conservation and use
Boron fertilisation of organically managed grass-clover swards on coarse-textured soils: effects on botanical and element composition
Plant pathology in agriculture
Movement-associated proteins of potato virus A : attachment to virus particles and phosphorylation
