http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12138 natural scientists
natural scientists
A dictionary of scientists
Darwin's dogs : how Darwin's pets helped form a world-changing theory of evolution
Alexander von Humboldt : a metabiography
One of the earliest New World naturalists, Jose Celestino Mutis began his professional life as a physician in Spain and ended it as a scientist and natural philosopher in modern-day Colombia. This title presents the story of scientific adventure in 18th-century South America which retrieves Mutis' contributions from obscurity.
The signature of all things
Voyage of the Beagle
Man of power : the life story of Baron Rutherford of Nelson, O.M., F.R.S
Charles Darwin's Beagle diary
All things Darwin : an encyclopedia of Darwin's world
Scientists, mathematicians, and inventors : lives and legacies : an encyclopedia of people who changed the world
American ecologists : a biographical bibliography
Aspects of Darwin : a New Zealand celebration
Scientists : the lives and works of 150 scientists. Vol. 1, A-F
The collected papers of Albert Einstein. Vol. 9, The Berlin years: correspondence, January 1919-April 1920
The collected papers of Albert Einstein [English translation]. Vol. 9, The Berlin years : correspondence, January 1919-April 1920 : [English translation of selected texts]
Jacob Fellman - the botanising priest
Scientists since 1660 : a bibliography of biographies
Life On Air : memoirs of a Broadcaster
Harald Lindberg was one of the most eminent botanist in Finland during the 1900's. He studied a wide range of taxa, including subfossils and bryophytes. He investigated subfossils on peatlands in 60 municipalities, many of them now belonging to Russia. Lindberg described 11 new bryophyte taxa, and discovered 12 new species to Finland (including areas of former Finnish territory of today's Russia). For East Fennoscandia he described 8 new vascular plant species to science, discovered 42 new species and 26 hybrids to country. Apomictic species interested him also, and he described 4 new Alchemilla species, 34 Hieraciumtaxa and 80 Taraxacum species or subspecies. Later he became expertise also on Mediterranean species, and described 50 new species and 22 subspecies, especially from Morocco and Spain. Plantae Finlandiae Exsiccatae was an extensive effort. 2,081 numbers were distributed to 23 museum. .
Encyclopedia of world scientists
Charles Darwin : a biography. Vol. 1, Voyaging
The biographical dictionary of scientists
"In the West at the turn of the twentieth century, public understanding of science and the world was shaped in part by expeditions to Asia, North America, and the Pacific. The Anthropology of Expeditions draws together contributions from anthropologists and historians of science to explore the role of these journeys in natural history and anthropology between approximately 1890 and 1930. By examining collected materials as well as museum and archive records, the contributors to this volume shed light on the complex social life and intimate work practices of the researchers involved in these expeditions. At the same time, the contributors also demonstrate the methodological challenges and rewards of studying these legacies and provide new insights for the history of collecting, history of anthropology, and histories of expeditions. Offering fascinating insights into the nature of expeditions and the human relationships that shaped them, The Anthropology of Expeditions sets a new standard for the field. "--
Barefoot on lava : the journals and correspondence of naturalist R. C. L. Perkins in Hawai'i, 1892-1901
Theodor von Grotthuss, 1785-1822 : bibliografy
The gilded dinosaur : the fossil war between E. D. Cope and O. C. Marsh and the rise of American science
Never at rest : a biography of Isaac Newton
The poetry of Erasmus Darwin : enlightened spaces, romantic times
Finnish botanists on the Kola Peninsula (Russia) up to 1918.
The sensorium of God
Scientists : the lives and works of 150 scientists. Vol. 3, P-Z
Only now is Alfred Russel Wallace beginning to get his long overdue recognition. In his own time he was acknowledged as joint author, with Darwin, of the theory of evolution by natural selection. Since then, the bright light shone on Darwin's achievements has cast Wallace into shadow. Alfred Russel Wallace: Explorer, Evolutionist, Public Intellectual shows how Wallace's independent discovery of natural selection was no mere flash of inspiration, but the outcome of many years of study and reflection on his extraordinary early life as a field naturalist in South America and the rain forests of the 'Malay Archipelago'. Surviving fever and insect bites on the Amazon, he was shipwrecked with the loss of most of his notes and collections on his return journey. Astonishingly, within two years he was preparing for his second major expedition, this time to South East Asia, and for a stay of eight challenging years. It was here that he made his great scientific breakthrough, and provoked Darwin into prompt publication of his origin. Wallace used his experience in the tropics as the basis for his next major achievement – a classic work that established biogeography as a scientific specialism of great importance for today's urgent challenge to protect the world's biodiversity. As if this were not enough, Wallace became a bold and controversial public figure, campaigning on such issues as compulsory vaccination, parliamentary reform, and the rights of workers and colonised peoples. he was for many years president of the Land Nationalisation Society, and an ardent critic of the injustices of 19th century capitalism. Later in his life he engaged with radical thinkers such as William Morris, Edward Bellamy, Henry George, Robert Blatchford and Ebeneza Howard in envisaging just and sustainable alternative social and economic futures. Alfred Russel Wallace: Explorer, Evolutionist, Public Intellectual gives a succinct account ofWallace's life, before going on to analyse in more detail the development of his ideas on natural selection, his disputes with Darwin on sexual selection and human evolution, and the development of his political ideas. In each topic, Benton brings the story up to date, and assesses Wallace's ideas in the light of today's thinking.
Homage to Gaia : the life of an independent scientist
The correspondence of Charles Darwin. Vol. 14, 1866
The correspondence of Charles Darwin. Vol. 10, 1862
Personalities of Russian amateur botany, 1. Leontius Petrovich Alexandrov (1857-1929), and the neglected protologue of Alchemilla propinqua H.Lindb.
Galileo Galilei, when the world stood still
Amateur botanist Jacob Fellman (1793-1875), priest of northernmost Finland at Utsjoki in 1820-1831, was the first Finn to study the flora of northernmost East Fennoscandia. He did several long expeditions to Lapponia inarensis (Finland), to East Finnmark (Norway) and to the western Kola Peninsula region (Northwest Russia). His main publications include lists of the species of those areas, as well as their localities and frequencies (J. Fellman 1831, 1835). His memoirs (J. Fellman 1906a) also contain a great deal of plant information. Fellman was also interested in economic plants and phenological observations....
Alexander von Humboldt (1769–1859) was an intrepid explorer and the most famous scientist of his age. In North America, his name still graces four counties, thirteen towns, a river, parks, bays, lakes, and mountains. His restless life was packed with adventure and discovery, whether he was climbing the highest volcanoes in the world or racing through anthrax-infected Siberia or translating his research into bestselling publications that changed science and thinking. Among Humboldt’s most revolutionary ideas was a radical vision of nature, that it is a complex and interconnected global force that does not exist for the use of humankind alone.
The correspondence of Charles Darwin. Vol. 13, 1865 : supplement to the correspondence, 1822-1864
Charles Darwin : the concise story of an extraordinary man
Nature writings : The story of my boyhood and youth ; My first summer in the Sierra ; The mountains of California ; Stickeen ; Selected essays
Science as a career choice : theoretical and empirical studies
Meaning of nature in professor Torild Branderś life, and his heritage to nature conservation
The story of my boyhood and youth
Nature's saviours : celebrity conservationists in the television age
Explorers' sketchbooks : the art of discovery & adventure
The prince of botanists, Carl Linnæus
The voyage of the Beagle
The correspondence of Charles Darwin. Vol. 12, 1864
Himself & other animals : a portrait of Gerald Durrell
The collected papers of Albert Einstein. Vol. 10, The Berlin years: correspondence, May-December 1920 and supplementary correspondence, 1909-1920
Kingdom of ants : Jose Celestino Mutis and the dawn of natural history in the New World
The correspondence of Charles Darwin. Vol. 16, 1868
No man's garden : Thoreau and a new vision for civilization and nature
The gene : an intimate history
Isaac Vossius (1618-1689) : between science and scholarship
Electrified sheep and other bizarre experiments
Peter Kalm's North American journey : its ideological background and results
They made our world : five centuries of great scientists and inventors
Faraday (1791-1867) in 90 minutes
Finnish botanists actively studied the flora of Karelia (Karelian Republic) and the Kola Peninsula (Murmansk Region) when Finland was a Grand Duchy of Russia in 1809-1918. J. Fellman's expeditions in 1829 were the first notable botanical expeditions to the area. Geologically and floristically the area was similar to Finland, and exploring the area was considered to be a national duty for Finnish biologists. Almost 40 Finnish scientists who travelled on the Kola Peninsula collected significant amounts of herbarium specimens from there. The specimens are mostly in H, but duplicates were distributed widely. The collectors include M. Aschan, W. M. Axelson (Linnaniemi), V. Borg (Kivilinna), M. Brenner, V. F. Brotherus, R. Envald, J. Fellman, N. I. Fellman, C. W. Fontell, E. af Hällström, H. Hollmén, P. A. Karsten, A. Osw. Kihlman (Kairamo), F. W. Klingstedt, H. Lindberg, J. Lindén, A. J. Malmberg (Mela), J. Montell, F. Nylander, J. A. Palmén, V. Pesola, P. A. Rantaniemi, J. Sahlberg, and G. Selin. A short description is given of the biographies of the most important collectors with notes on their itineraries. Details of the collections from the Kola Peninsula are mostly taken from the vascular-plant specimens kept in the Finnish main herbaria and entered in the Floristic database Kastikka of the Finnish Museum of Natural History. As to bryophytes, lichens and other fungi, only a small proportion has been entered into the database. A network of biogeographic provinces for the Kola Peninsula was created by Finnish scientists in the mid 1800s, and it is still commonly used. Changes in the boundaries of provinces in the peninsula are discussed. The herbarium data are given according to the provinces.
Invention of Nature : the adventures of Alexander von Humboldt, the lost hero of science
Charles Darwin and the evolution revolution
Alfred Russel Wallace : explorer, evolutionist, public intellectual - a thinker for our own times?
Great scientists
The correspondence of Charles Darwin. Vol. 17, 1869
Endeavouring Banks : exploring collections from the Endeavour voyage 1768-1771
The Boyle papers : understanding the manuscripts of Robert Boyle
The autobiography of Charles Darwin
The Cambridge companion to Galileo
Family background of Peter Forsskål, Linnaean disciple born in Finland
Mary Somerville : science, illumination, and the female mind
Evolution : selected letters of Charles Darwin 1860-1870
A magnificent history of the gene and a response to the defining question of the future: What becomes of being human when we learn to "read" and "write" our own genetic information? Siddhartha Mukherjee has a written a biography of the gene as deft, brilliant, and illuminating as his extraordinarily successful biography of cancer. Weaving science, social history, and personal narrative to tell us the story of one of the most important conceptual breakthroughs of modern times, Mukherjee animates the quest to understand human heredity and its surprising influence on our lives, personalities, identities, fates, and choices.
The correspondence of Charles Darwin. Vol. 15, 1867
From books to bezoars : Sir Hans Sloane and his collections
François Péron : an impetuous life : naturalist and voyager
Academician Ilmari Hustich 70 years
Angels and ages  : a short book about Darwin, Lincoln, and modern life
Arthur Harry Chuch : the anatomy of flowers
Georg Wilhelm Steller : the pioneer of Alaskan natural history
Science with a human face : the activity of the Czechoslovak scientists František Šorm and Otto Wichterle during the Cold War
Darwin in Scotland : Edinburgh, evolution and enlightenment
Newton, his friends and his foes
The Malay archipelago : the land of the orang-utan, and the bird of paradise : a narrative of travel, with studies of man and nature
Harald Lindberg - a Finnish botanist
Asimov's biographical Encyclopedia of science and technology : the lives and achievements of 1195 great scientists from ancient times to present chronologically arranged
A passion for nature : the life of John Muir
Nasty nature
The voyage of Carles Darwin
A life of Sir Francis Galton : from African exploration to the birth of Eugenics
Decoding the language of God : can a scientist really be a believer? : a geneticist responds to Francis Collins
My life : a record of events and opinions
The collected papers of Albert Einstein. Vol. 8, The Berlin years: correspondence, 1914-1918
Great natural history books and their creators
The naturalist in Britain : a social history
The world treasury of physics, astronomy, and mathematics
The Naturalist's directory : containing names, addresses and special subjects of study of professional and amateur naturalists of North and South America, etc : and a list of periodicals dealing with the subjects of natural history, also a list of Natural History Museums, and dealers announcements
The bonehunters' revenge : dinosaurs, greed, and the greatest scientific feud of the gilded age
Carl Linnaeus : pioneer of modern botany
Scientists and their discoveries
Book review : Professor Risto Tuomikoski Memorial Issue
Darwin : texts commentary
Correspondence between Spencer Fullerton Baird and Louis Agassiz - two pioneer American naturalists
The collected papers of Albert Einstein [English translation]. Vol. 8, The Berlin years : correspondence, 1914-1918 : [English supplement translation]
In pursuit of butterflies : a fifty-year affair
'The Sensorium of God' is the second of a trilogy of novels inspired by the dramatic struggles, personal and professional, and key historical events in man's quest to understand the Universe / WorldCat.
The collected papers of Albert Einstein. Vol. 7, The Berlin years : writings, 1918-1921
Cavendish : the experimental life
The journey of Anders Sparrman
The conjuror's bird
We are all stardust : scientists who shaped our world talk about their work, their lives, and what they still want to know
Scientists : the lives and works of 150 scientists. Vol. 2, G-O
My first summer in the Sierra
Selected writings
Eminent lives in twentieth-century science & religion : second revised and much expanded edition. With chapters on: Rachel Carson; Charles A. Coulson; Theodosius Dobzhansky; Arthur S. Eddington; Albert Einstein; Ronald A. Fisher; Julian Huxley; Pascual Jordan; Robert A. Millikan; Ivan P. Pavlov; Michael I. Pupin; Abdus Salam; Edward O. Wilson
Rebel giants : the revolutionary lives of Abraham Lincoln & Charles Darwin
The voyage of the "Beagle"
Revealing new worlds : three Victorian women naturalists
The prince of botanists, Carl Linnaeus
Leontius Petrovich Alexandrov (1857-1929) was a paediatric surgeon (in urology) in Moscow. As an amateur botanist he collected plants in 1914-1924, mostly Alchemilla, in Moscow and its nearest vicinities, as well as in the former Yaroslavl, Vyatka and Perm Regions. His collections, including types of Alchemilla, are housed at the Komarov Botanical Institute (LE) and the Herbarium of the Museum of History and Culture of the Central Kama Region in Sarapul, Udmurt Republic, Russia....
Darwin and the barnacle
A definitive biography traces the life of John Muir from his boyhood in Scotland up to his death on the eve of World War I and offers important insights into the passionate nature of America's first great conservationist and founder of the Sierra Club.
Clarence Luther Herrick : pioneer naturalist, teacher, and psychobiologist
Made from this earth : American women and nature
The compleat naturalist : a life of Linnaeus
Robert Boyle reconsidered
Elephants on acid and other bizarre experiments
The Voyage of the Beagle
The winged wonders : butterfly, moth and bird expeditions to Siberia and North America
Women of science : righting the record
The anthropology of expeditions : travel, visualities, afterlives
Charles Darwin : the man and his influence
Math and the Mona Lisa : the art and science of Leonardo da Vinci
Darwin : a life in science
The collected papers of Albert Einstein. Vol. 11, Cumulative index, bibliography, list of correspondence, chronology, and errata to volumes 1-10
Darwin : [texts, backgounds, contemporary opinion, critical essays]
The collected papers of Albert Einstein [English translation]. Vol. 10, The Berlin years: correspondence, May - December 1920 and supplementary correspondence, 1909-1920
Bomb, book and compass : Joseph Needham and the great secrets of China
Leonardo da Vinci : the marvellous works of nature and man
The poetics of natural history : from John Bartram to William James
The correspondence of Charles Darwin. Vol. 11, 1863
Jacques-Yves Cousteau : exploring the wonders of the deep
Genes, genesis, and God : values and their origins in natural and human history
Imperial nature : Joseph Hooker and the practices of Victorian science
A reason for everything : natural selection and the British imagination
Linnaeus : nature and nation
Origins : selected letters of Charles Darwin 1822-1859
