http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12160 Korean language literature
Korean language literature
Korean poetry in classical Chinese : encounters between man and nature
The trap of history
The Koguryŏ annals of the Samguk sagi
Pine River and lone peak : an anthology of three Chosǒn dynasty poets
Understanding Koreans and their culture
Mareun kkot = Weathered blossom
The vegetarian : a novel
There a petal silently falls : three stories
Songs of the dragons flying to heaven : A Korean epic
I am the clay
Treacherous translation : culture, nationalism, and colonialism in Korea and Japan from the 1910s to the 1960s
Another man's city : a novel
The salmon who dared to leap higher
A history of the early Korean kingdom of Paekche : together with an annotated translation of the Paekche annals of the Samguk sagi
Questioning minds : short stories by modern Korean women writers
Transgressor of the nation
Values of Korean people mirrored in fiction. Vol. 1
Understanding modern Korean literature
Sandae : Korea's intangible cultural asset no. 2
The cruel city : and other Korean short stories
Cloud path, journey of a wandering monk
Human acts : a novel
The Columbia anthology of modern Korean poetry
The old Korean poetry : grammatical analysis and translation
"Provides the first historical account in English of the complex interrelations of literature and socialist ideology in colonial Korea. It details the origins, development, and influence of a movement that has shaped twentieth-century Korean politics and aesthetics alike through an analysis that simultaneously engages some of the most debated and pressing issues of literary historiography, Marxist criticism, and postcolonial cultural studies"--Provided by the publisher.
Reflections on a mask : two novellas
Values of Korean people mirrored in fiction. Vol. 2
Understanding Korean literature
The Classical poetry of Korea
Anthology of Korean poetry : From the earliest era to the present
Writers of the Winter Republic : literature and resistance in Park Chung Hee's Korea
A history of Korean literature
Koreans in Soviet Central Asia
Early Korean literature : selections and introductions
I'll be right there : a novel
It's fun being young in Korea
Reading North Korea : an ethnological inquiry
Making Korean literature
The Korean way of tea : an introductory guide
The anthology of Korean poetry : throughout 2000 years = Hanguk si icheonnyeon seonjip. (1)
Enough to say it's far : selected poems of Pak Chaesam
A guide to Korean literature
The real modern : literary modernism and the crisis of representation in colonial Korea
Explorations in Korean literary history
Han Joong Nok : reminiscences in retirement
Haeseol yeokju Hunminjeongeum = Hun-Min-Jeong-Eum "right sounds to educate the people" Explanation and translation
Epistolary Korea : letters in the communicative space of the Chosŏn, 1392-1910
The bamboo grove : an introduction to sijo
This is the first English translation of selected poems by one of the most important and unusual modern poets of South Korea. In contrast to the strident political protests found in the poetry of many of his contemporaries, Pak Chaesam's work is characterized by intimate portraits of place, nature, childhood, and human relationships, and by indirection, nostalgia, and reflectiveness. Often focused upon the border of this world and some other, Pak writes with a spareness of presentation, but a cornucopia of imagery, meticulously exploring objective and subjective realms of existence and memory. Encouraging the reader to see and listen, and to allow the sensory to reshape the analytical, Pak's poetry opens up new realms of experience. A fellow Korean poet described Pak's poetry as being "the most exquisite expression of the Korean sense of han," or melancholy.
Postwar Korean short stories : an anthology ; translated and edited with an introduction by Chong-un Kim
Ulhwa, the shaman : a novel of Korea and three stories
Vision of a Phoenix : the poems of Hŏ Nansŏrhŏn
The contemporary Korean poets : Korean poetry since 1920
Korean tea classics
Native speaker
Factory girl literature : sexuality, violence, and representation in industrializing Korea
Bincheo
Tilting the jar, spilling the moon : poems from Koryo, Choson, and contemporary Korea
The life of the salmon is a predictable one: swimming upstream to the place of its birth to spawn, and then to die. This is the story of a salmon whose silver scales mark him out as different - who dares to leap beyond his fate. It's a story about growing up, and about aching and ardent love. For swimming upstream means pursuing something the salmon cannot see: a dream. Translated for the first time into English, The Salmon Who Dared To Leap Higher is a wise, tender and inspiring modern fable about finding freedom and a harmony with nature we have either forgotten or lost in the binding realities of life.
Modern Korean literature : an anthology
Peace under heaven
An introduction to Korean literature
Twentieth-century Korean literature
Actes de la 9e conférence annuelle 10-15 avril 1985 = Proceedings of the 9th annual conference 10-15 April, 1985.
Gaemiui tap = Tower of ants
Crisis of gender and the nation in Korean literature and cinema : modernity arrives again
Anthology of Korean literature from early times to the nineteenth century
The man she loved
"Examines the critical and literary production of Pak T'aewon, Kim Yujŏng, and Yi T'aejun, whose works confront the "crisis of representation" from loss of faith in language as a vehicle of meaningful reference to the world. Bridging literary and colonial studies, this re-reading of modernist fiction within the imperial context illuminates links between literary practice and colonial discourse"--Provided by publisher.
Gyujanggak doseo Jungguk bon jonghap mongnok = Catalogue of Chinese books and manuscripts in the Kyujang-gak collection
Modern Korean literature : (1945-1990)
A grey man
Han Sŏrya and North Korean literature : the failure of socialist realism in the DPRK
Words of farewell : stories by Korean woman writers
"By expanding the definition of "epistle" to include any writing that addresses the intended receiver directly, JaHyun Kim Haboush introduces readers to the rich epistolary practice of Chosŏn Korea. The Chosŏn dynasty (1392-1910) produced an abundance of epistles, writings that mirror the genres of neighboring countries (especially China) while retaining their own specific historical trajectory. Written in both literary Chinese and vernacular Korean, the writings collected here range from royal public edicts to private letters, a fascinating array that blurs the line between classical and everyday language and the divisions between men and women. Haboush's selections also recast the relationship between epistolography and the concept of public and private space. Haboush groups her epistles according to where they were written and read : public letters, letters to colleagues and friends, social letters, and family letters. Then she arranges them according to occasion : letters on leaving home, deathbed letters, letters of fiction, and letters to the dead. She examines the mechanics of epistles, their communicative space, and their cultural and political meaning. With its wholly unique collection of materials, "Epistolary Korea" produces more than a vivid chronicle of pre- and early modern Korean life. It breaks new ground in establishing the terms of a distinct, non-European form of epistolography."-- Back cover.
A washed-out dream
A hundred love poems from old Korea
Literature and film in Cold War South Korea : freedom's frontier
Available for the first time in English, the ten short stories by modern Korean women collected here touch in one way or another on issues related to gender and kinship politics. All of the protagonists are women facing personal crises or defining moments in their lives as gender-marked beings in a Confucian, patriarchal Korean society. Their personal dreams and values have been compromised by gender expectations or their own illusions about female existence. They are compelled to ask themselves 'Who am I?' 'Where am I going?' 'What are my choices?' Each story bears colorful and compelling testimony to the life of the heroine. Some of the stories celebrate the central character's breakaway from the patriarchal order; others expose sexual inequality and highlight the struggle for personal autonomy and dignity. Still others reveal the abrupt awakening to mid-life crises and the seasoned wisdom that comes with accepting the limits of old age. The stories are arranged in chronological order, from the earliest work by Korea's first modern woman writer in 1917 to stories that appeared in 1995 - approximately one from each decade. Most of the writers presented are recognized literary figures, but some are lesser-known voices. The introduction presents a historical overview of traditions of modern Korean women's fiction, situating the selected writers and their stories in the larger context of Korean literature. Each story is accompanied by a biographical note on the author and a brief critical analysis. A selected bibliography is provided for further reading and research.
The Silla annals of the Samguk sagi
The proletarian wave : literature and leftist culture in colonial Korea, 1910-1945
Korean literature : its classical heritage and modern breakthroughs
The guest
The square : a novel
Soldiers on the cultural front : developments in the early history of North Korean literature and literary policy
Modern Korean short stories
Three days in that autumn
The daily life of Ku-poh the novelist
