http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12176 dangerous situations
dangerous situations
Checkmate
The gift of fear : survival signals that protect us from violence
Neverwhere
Hazard identification in winter navigation
Personal safety and self defence
Managing crises : responses to large-scale emergencies
Aircraft incident at Kajaani airport, Finland, 1. October 1996 : TC-INC, DC-9-83 (MD-83)
Visions and revisions : performance, memory, trauma
Aircraft incident at Vaasa airport, Finland on 16 August 1999 : SE-LIN, Fokker 50, VN-21, Vinka
The outdoor survival handbook
Where the streets had a name
Aircraft safety : accident investigations, analyses, and applications
Protection of assets : crisis management
Baby & child emergency first aid : simple step-by-step instructions for the most common childhood emergencies
Keeping kids safe, healthy, and smart
Emergency management exercises : from response to recovery, everything you need to know to design a great exercise
Electrical safety : a quide to the causes and prevention of electrical hazards
China's crisis management
The comprehensive handbook of school safety
TopGear. 15
Prepardeness now! : [an emergency survival guide]
Workplace violence : planning for prevention and response
Visions and Revisions brings the fields of performance studies and trauma studies together in conversation where they inform crucial themes such as trauma, testimony, witness, and spectatorship. While performance studies is increasingly addressing trauma and how to represent it, attention is still often relegated to high-brow forms of art and political theater. The contributors here fill a critical gap, raising questions about how popular and mediatized performances that memorialize the trauma might also be viewed through performance theory. They also look at how performance studies might shift it's focus from the visual to the sensorial and material-as a method of rethinking the act of witness-and in doing so offer a fresh perspective on performance and trauma studies. -- taken from back cover
Program design with Pascal : principles, algorithms, and data structures
The herd boy
Making sense of Chernobyl nine years after : TV news reception study of the environmental disaster
Hospital and healthcare security
The unresponsive bystander : why doesn't he help?
Baby & child emergency first aid : Simple step-by-step instructuions for the most common childhood emergencies
A-Z of hell : Ross Kemp's how not to travel the world
Accidents occurring between 1986 and 1996 within the domain of the Safety Technology Authority of Finland
Safety planning manual for the Youth Centre Villa Elba
Workplace violence : before, during, and after
Basics of short baton
National reporting systems for patient safety incidents : a review of the situation in Europe
Johnny Swanson
A review to European Union Directives concerning the major accident hazards
Summary: Violent situations and preparedness against violence in pharmacies.
The dangerous journey : a tale of Moomin Valley
Introduction to executive protection
Emergencies in public law : the legal politics of containment
New York City
Using information from incident reporting system as part of developing patient safety.
Hazard identification methods
In the zone : epic survival stories from the mountaineering world
Improving the forklift traffic safety at logistics terminals
Guidelines for hazard evaluation procedures
TopGear. 14
As luck would have it : incredible stories from lottery wins to lightning strikes
Journalism at risk : threats, challenges and perspectives
Contemporary security management
The kings of the crash masters : rallying in Finland
Extreme survival : wilderness, terrorism, air, sea, land
One breath away
Passenger and crew behavioural analysis in emergency situations : project final report
Safety of the integrated navigation system of a ship in fault situations
M/S Finnclipper, karilleajo Kapellskärin edustalla 20.01.2004 = M/V Finnclipper, grounding off Kapellskär 20.01.2004 : translation of the original Finnish report
Gravity 3D, [+2D]
"This book presents a comprehensive overview of crisis management in China. It considers economic, political and military crises, and also natural disasters and public health problems. In each area it considers the nature of potential crises and their possible effects, and the degree to which China is prepared to cope with crises."--Publisher's description.
Workplace safety
Incident reporting in shipping : experiences and best practices for the Baltic Sea
Danger-situations and defence strategies
Gravity 3D
Chemical risk analysis
When technology fails : a manual for selfreliance, sustainability, and surviving the long emergency
Inherent safety and process design : a literature study
Midnight thief
Topgear : back in the fast lane : tuotantokausien 1 & parhaat palat
Divers' view of occupational risks and risk taking
Born survivor : survival techniques from the most dangerous places on earth
Looks at the differences between martial arts and violence, with information on such topics as expectations of martial arts training, thinking critically about violence, and adapting training methods to reality.
ATC incidents near Vihti VOR radio beacon on 25.10.1997 and 20.8.1997, Finland
Safety for tourists - an introduction : travel industry safety passport / text, illustrations and layout: Ajatus Oy ; [publication was created by Santasport Institute and Ajatus Oy]
Tout à coup! = Suddenly!
Bomb threat : a guide to bomb threat awareness for organizations
Judo with words : an intelligent way to counter verbal attacks
Safety and security at Radisson SAS Royal : creation of booklet information for emergency situations
Veterinary emergency and critical care procedures
Meditations on violence : a comparison of martial arts training & real world violence
The SAS combat handbook
Safety for tourists - an introduction : travel industry safety passport
"Written by veteran law enforcement and family counseling professionals, the second edition of this guidebook shows students and parents how to stay safe at school. The book pinpoints personal safety issues of importance to all educators and explains how to analyze schools for security risks. It also includes proven methods for averting crime, improving school safety, and avoiding becoming a victim. Additional chapters explore teachers liability and rights and discuss the concept of emotional survival"-- Provided by publisher.
This is NOT a fire drill : crisis intervention and prevention on college campuses
Defusing the angry patron : a how-to-do-it manual for librarians and paraprofessionals
Travel wise : how to be safe, savvy and secure abroad
Introduction to hazard control management : a vital organizational function
This is a project based thesis. The author is creating a Booklet for Emergency Situations at Radisson SAS Royal Hotel in Helsinki. The thesis is in two parts: a report that will analyze Safety and Security matters from a theoretical point of view and then from the practical point of view of the Hotel. The second part is a short booklet with instructions for the reception workers in case of emergency situations.     The author realized that, in the hotel there were plenty of information and standards regarding Safety and Security, but not in the same place. Mostly because the Hotel is influenced by two realities: Sokotel and Radisson. Skotel instructions regard mostly practical situations, while Radisson instructions regard mainly general standards. The author has been collecting all those information and put them together.     The aim of the report is to give a better understanding of Safety and Security in hotel business  in a general point of view and more specifically the aim of the booklet is to give practical instructions to the worker in case of emergency situations.
Hazard mitigation in emergency management
Strategies of coping with fright and risk onboard Norwegian fishing/whaling vessels
Dangerous marine animals
Hazop and Hazan : identifying and assessing process industry hazards
Improving the forklift traffic safety at logistics terminal
An introduction to emergency exercise design and evaluation
Practical security training
TopGear. 13
Spirits in the stars
The world's most dangerous places
The counselling interview : a guide for the helping professions
Aircraft incident at Joensuu airport, Finland on 11 April 1997 : TC-INC, DC-9-83 (MD-83)
What the jackdaw saw
Literature, disaster, and the enigma of power : a reading of 'Moby-Dick'
Staying safe at school
The rescue
Business continuity and homeland security : the theory and practice
A management model for physical risks in the care work
Fisheries and aquaculture emergency response guidance
