http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12191 representative democracy
representative democracy
The mediation of class interests in the parliamentary arena
The life and death of democracy
Based on Walls' long-standing engagement with the Horn of Africa, this book offers a comprehensive and fine-tuned account of the current political landscape of the Somali regions, with a particular focus on Somaliland. It details the country's transition to the current multi-party democracy, and the formation of a hybrid system based on both consensus and representative decision making processes. Somalilanders' impressive ability to manage crises, often at the last moment, and their careful negotiation of nation-state politics and Somali custom are painstakingly examined, offering a powerful counter-narrative to that of the 'failed state' that tends to dominate the region. Walls' analysis of the successes and challenges that lie ahead resonate beyond Somaliland. This book is an essential read for researchers, policy-makers and practitioners with an interest in governance and politics in the region.
Electoral engineering : voting rules and political behavior
Deliberative politics : essays on democracy and disagreement
Democracy's privileged few : legislative privilege and democratic norms in the British and American constitutions
Accountability and corruption : a study into political institutions as referees between principals and agents
Representatives of the people? : parliamentarians and constituents in Western democracies
The political economy of democratic institutions
The democracy sourcebook
Democracy, accountability, and representation
Spaces of democracy : geographical perspectives on citizenship, participation and representation
The challenge of democratic representation in the European Union
The vote : how it was won and how it was undermined
Democracy after liberalism : pragmatism and deliberative politics
International dimensions of democracy
The political representation of immigrants and minorities : voters, parties and parliaments in liberal democracies
People vs. government : the responsiveness of American institutions
People's representatives : theory and practice of parliamentary democracy in Tanzania
Democracy and fundamentalism
Parliamentary democracy : is there a perfect model?
Interest representation in the European Union
The Constitution of deliberative democracy
British politics
Jeremy Bentham and representative democracy : a study of the Constitutional code
Democracy and the limits of self-government
Debating deliberative democracy
Democracy's infrastructure : the role of procedural fairness in fostering consent
The 'democratic deficit' of the European Union is a much discussed concern of politicians and commentators, and this insightful collection argues that this is a result of the multi-level nature of EU governance. Focusing on the EU, this volume examines the problems multilevel governance causes for democratic legitimacy by placing it in a comparative and theoretical context, and explores how challenges faced by the EU compare with those faced by traditional federal systems worldwide. Through a combination of theoretical perspectives and empirical research, this book offers the means to evaluate the various explanations for the problems facing democracy within the EU and shows how legitimacy and accountability can be improved.
Between-election democracy : the representative relationship after election day
Defending politics : why democracy matters in the twenty-first century
Institutional change and political continuity in Post-Soviet Central Asia : power, perceptions, and pacts
The Federalist Papers and the new institutionalism
Voting procedures
The strain of representation : how parties represent diverse voters in Western and Eastern Europe
"How has the process of political representation changed in the era of globalization? The representation of interests is at the heart of democracy, but how is it that some interests secure a strong voice, while others do not? While each person has multiple interests linked to different dimensions of his or her identity, much of the existing academic literature assumes that interests are given prior to politics by a person's socioeconomic, institutional, or cultural situation. This book mounts a radical challenge to this view, arguing that interests are actively forged through processes of politics. The book develops an analytic framework for understanding how representation takes place - based on processes of identification, mobilization, and adjudication - and explores how these processes have evolved over time. Through a wide variety of case studies, the chapters explore how actors identify their interests, mobilize them into action, and resolve conflicts among them"--
Representation, nation and time : the political rhetoric of the 1866 parliamentary reform in Sweden
The breakthrough of representative democracy in Finland
Representative democracy in Britain today
Democratic values in the Muslim world
Partisan politics, divided government, and the economy
Participation and democracy in the twenty-first century city
The tyranny of the majority : fundamental fairness in representative democracy
Parliaments and coalitions : the role of legislative institutions in multiparty governance
Democracy administration
Parliaments and organized interests : the second steps
Multilayered representation in the European Union : parliaments, courts and the public sphere
Representative democracy : principles and genealogy
Decisions and elections : explaining the unexpected
Policy making at the second tier of local government in Europe : what is happening in provinces, counties, départements and Landkreise in the on-going re-scaling of statehood?
Deliberative democracy and the plural polity
On liberty ; Representative government ; The subjection of women : three essays
Redescriptions : yearbook of political thought, conceptual history and feminist theory. Vol. 14
A Somali nation-state : history, culture and Somaliland's political transition
The principles of representative government
The logic of democracy : reconciling equality, deliberation, and minority protection
Foundations of democracy in the European Union : from the genesis of parliamentary democracy to the European Parliament
Volume 14 opens with two contributions to ancient rhetoric and philosophy, and to their modification among later thinkers. The second cluster of articles includes a discussion on the Finnish 19th-century concept of "woman", an intellectual biography of a German-American scholar and a review article of a Spanish conceptual history dictionary. The third theme connects to debates on democracy in the journal's previous volumes with articles on the conceptualisation of emergency with a focus on Sweden, on the relationship between democracy and resentment, as well as a proposal for the parliamentarisation of elections.
The significance of borders : why representative government and the rule of law require nation states
The legislative process of the European Parliament : what does the parliament represent?
Voting paradoxes and how to deal with them
Comparative democratic politics : a guide to contemporary theory and research
Behind the ballot box : a citizen's guide to voting systems
"This book confronts and discusses different conceptions of political representation with respect to their application to the system of multi-level governance in the European Union. Political representation is an essentially contested concept. Its meaning has evolved with the development of representative democracy at the level of the nation state, and normative theories of political representation often evolved as a reflection on developing practices rather than the other way around. Since the EU is not a conventional nation state, and since the effectiveness and legitimacy of classic notions of political representation at the level of the national state has also become a matter of dispute, the EU has become a playground for the development of alternative or additional conceptions of democracy. The contributions to this volume evaluate these alternative conceptions with regard to both their effectiveness and their legitimacy, and combine both conceptual and empirical analyses." --Publisher's description.
"The Future of Representative Democracy poses important questions about representation, representative democracy and its future. Inspired by the last major investigation of the subject by Hanna Pitkin over four decades ago, this ambitious volume fills a major gap in the literature by examining the future of representative forms of democracy in terms of present-day trends and past theories of representative democracy. Aware of the pressing need for clarifying key concepts and institutional trends, the volume aims to break down barriers among disciplines and to establish an interdisciplinary dialogue among scholars. The contributors emphasise that representative democracy and its future is a subject of pressing scholarly concern and public importance. Paying close attention to the unfinished, two-century-old relationship between democracy and representation, this book offers a fresh perspective on current problems and dilemmas of representative democracy and the possible future development of new forms of democratic representation"--
Silent democracy, noisy media
Policy representation in Western democracies
Realities of representation : state building in Early Modern Europe and European America
The politics of representation in the global age : identification, mobilization, and adjudication
With public confidence in representative institutions dropping to distressing levels, it is time for political theorists to reconnect issues of representation to considerations of justice, rights, citizenship, pluralism, and community. Representation and Democratic Theory investigates theoretical and practical aspects of innovative political representation in the early twenty-first century. It reveals the complexity of contemporary political representation and the importance of re-invigorating public life outside legislatures, political parties, and competitive elections. A crucial supplement to empirical studies of conventional political representation this book offers a timely and thought-provoking contribution to contemporary democratic theory. It will be a necessary and welcome addition to the libraries of many political and social scientists.
Democratic autonomy : public reasoning about the ends of policy
What makes the EU viable? : European integration in the light of the antebellum US experience
Electoral laws and the survival of presidential democracies
Innovating democracy : democratic theory and practice after the deliberative turn
Political representation and legitimacy in the European Union
A democratic audit of the European Union
Deliberative democracy in Australia : the changing place of Parliament
Representation
Political representation and European Union governance
Democratic dilemmas of multilevel governance : legitimacy, representation and accountability in the European Union
Political constitutionalism : a republican defence of the constitutionality of democracy
Political accountability
Public choice III
Elections by design : parties and patronage in Russia's regions
Deliberation, participation and democracy : can the people govern?
The European Parliament, the national parliaments and European integration
Minority representation and the quest for voting equality
Democratic representation in Europe : diversity, change, and convergence
Parliamentary government in the Nordic countries at a crossroads : coping with challenges from Europeanisation and presidentialisation
The representative claim
Representation and democratic theory
Markets and democracy : exiting the tyranny of the majority
The end of representative politics
Gender matters : female policymakers' influence in industralized nations
Valerie O'Regan examines the relationship between female policymakers and policy outputs. Her primary concern is whether female policymakers are associated with the advancement of women's issues in the policy realm. Although this question is important in the study of representation theory, there has been surprisingly little research on the topic, and it has tended to provide limited, often contradictory results. O'Regan's research design and analysis utilizes time-series, cross-sectional procedures to examine the effects of the independent variables on the dependent variables over time, across countries. Data from 22 countries during the period of 1960-1994 were analyzed in two separate segments. The first analysis involved three general policy measures that address two types of women's issue policies - employment and social. The second analysis involved two measures for policy comprehensiveness employing equal wage legislation. The findings for the first analysis are positive regarding the relationship between the presence of female policymakers and the presence of women's issue policies. The findings for the second analysis highlight the difficulties of developing valid measures of policy substance. Scholars and other researchers involved with women and politics and legislative behavior will find the study of particular interest.
Contested traditions? : the use of three national holidays in contemporary Hungary
Essays on the decision-making in representative democracy
Foundations and frontiers of deliberative governance
Referendums and representative democracy : responsiveness, accountability and deliberation
Disorganized capitalism : contemporary transformations of work and politics
Deliberative democracy : essays on reason and politics
Law, pragmatism, and democracy
The Future of Representative Democracy
