http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12183 national product
national product
The competitive position of the Nordic wood industry in Germany : intangible quality dimensions
Purchasing power parities and real expenditures in the Baltic countries : European Comparison Programme 1993.
Policy and economic performance in divided Korea during the Cold War era : 1945-91
Abstract.
Trade restrictions affecting international trade in non-wood forest products
Trends in international distribution of gross world product
Measuring the eco-efficiency of welfare generation in a national economy : the case of Finland
Kansantalouden tilinpito 2003 = Nationalräkenskaper 2003 = National accounts 2003.
Forest products annual market review 2010-2011
Work and wealth : a human valuation
Utilization of non-wood forest products by indigenous and migrant communities in the Philippines
National accounts statistics. Main aggregates and detailed tables
Technology, duality, and foreign trade : the GNP function approach to modeling imports and exports
International Fur Trade : Trends, Challenges, Prospects
Finnish economy : structural indicators 2004
Unstat trade data as basis for analysis and projection of forest products trade flows
Despite increased economic and market uncertainty, China's GDP statistics still point to almost 7% growth, which is in line with official growth targets. According to the statistics, the deceleration of growth has been very smooth. This has once again raised suspicions over the reliability of Chinese GDP data. However, although there is much room for improvement in the coverage and transparency of the Chinese statistics, recent studies do not generally find evidence of significant or systematic falsification of GDP figures..
Using the Yield Curve in Predicting Real Economic Growth : Application to Finland
Agriculture in the GATT: an analysis of alternative approaches to reform
Quarterly national accounts
Macroeconomics : theory and policy
Gender equality in global value chains and the role of Aid for Trade in promoting gender equality and women’s employment in developing countries
The global economy is expected to grow by a full 3% annually in 2017-2018, i.e. only slightly faster than in 2016. World trade growth will remain slow relative to GDP growth, as in recent years. In the United States and China, economic growth will continue to be strong and will sustain global growth. A slight rise in the oil price will support gradual economic recovery in Russia. Euro area growth is expected to remain relatively brisk, driven by domestic demand. Brexit will cast a shadow over the growth outlook, particularly for the United Kingdom but also to some extent for the rest of Europe. Emerging economies will continue to develop at a relatively steady pace during the forecast period and are not expected to be much affected by the dip in European growth..
Is there a Laffer curve between private output and public sector employment?
Why has Africa become a net food importer : explaining Africa agricultural and food trade deficits
Trade negotiations and international agriculture
Forest products : world outlook projections : projections of consumption and production of wood-based products to 2000.
Global growth remains sluggish
National accounts for the first quarter of 2015.
OECD-FAO agricultural outlook
Nominal income as an intermediate target for monetary policy
Potentials : design in the field : new discourse on craft development 1-2
Achievement of the employment objective requires faster economic growth
Executive summary.
On the potentials and pitfalls of green NNP welfare measures : a summary of recent research
Guidelines on statistics of tangible assets
Mismeasuring our lives : why GDP doesn't add up
One of the key objectives of the Government Programme is to raise the employment rate to 72% by the end of the parliamentary term. This means increasing the current number of people in employment by just over 100,000 by the end of 2019. If near-term economic growth is to remain around 1%, i.e. as foreseen in the baseline forecast, achievement of the objective will be unlikely. On the basis of the alternative scenario, attainment of the employment objective in the Government Programme requires markedly faster economic growth than at present. GDP growth in 2017-2019 should average 2.5% annually, i.e. about 1.3 percentage points faster than the baseline suggests, in order for the objective to be attained..
Growth trends and business cycles in the Finnish forest sector, 1900-2000
Expenditure trends in OECD countries 1960-1980
Why has world trade slowed?
Good capitalism, bad capitalism, and the economics of growth and prosperity
Review and appraisal of progress made by the Republic of Yemen in the implementation of the programme of action for the least developed countries for the 1990s
Long-range economic projection
Universal and accessible design for products, services, and processes
Confidence indicators and their relationship to changes in economic activity
Economic outlook
"The Korean peninsula during the Cold War provided a cruel but historically unparalleled real-world "experiment" in the relationship between polity and material advance: an ethnically and culturally homogenous nation was, in 1945, suddenly divided by an arbitrary boundary line and then subjected to two radically different and adversarial political economies for successive decades on end. Assessing the competition between the North and South Korean economies from partition to the end of the Soviet era, Nicholas Eberstadt argues that the storyline is not quite as simple as the now-prevailing narrative suggests (that centrally-planned economies are doomed to fail against market-oriented alternatives). Rather, he suggests, the race for material progress was just that: a race, the results of which were far from preordained at the outset. In Policy and Economic Performance in Divided Korea during the Cold War Era: 1945-91, Eberstadt presents an impressive compilation of hard-to-find comparative data on economic performance for the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK, or North Korea) and the Republic of Korea (ROK, or South Korea) over two critical generations. By a number of indicators, Eberstadt argues, Kim Il Sung's North Korea actually outperformed South Korea for much of this period -- not only in the years immediately following partition, but perhaps also into the 1970s. To explain these surprising results, Eberstadt details the impact of government policies on the course of growth of both economies and offers some unorthodox observations about material performance under these two contending polities. He finds that prevailing economic development theory on such issues as planned-versus-market economies, military burden, and the relationship between material advance and poverty, may require reexamination in light of the experience of the two Koreas between partition and the end of the Cold War." --Back cover.
International trade and agriculture
Real gross product in OECD countries and associated purchasing power parities
Fair trade coffee in Nicaragua : impacts of certified production on cooperatives, farmers and laborers
Economic contribution of copyright-based industries in Finland 2005-2008
In the wake of a second export price shock late last year, the Bank of Finland now expects Russian GDP to contract 3% in 2016. Our new forecast assumes the price of oil averages slightly over $40 a barrel this year, about 60% below the 2014 average. With the economy shrinking and depressed export earnings, Russian imports should fall another 10% this year..
In Finland, economic growth has been weak since the onset of the financial crisis. According to the most recent forecast by the European Commission, GDP growth in Finland is expected to remain among the slowest in the euro area in the coming years - alongside Greece. The factors underlying the subdued development in GDP can be examined by comparing Finland with other small EU countries, i.e. the Netherlands, Belgium, Ireland, Austria, Sweden and Denmark. These countries constitute a meaningful peer group because they are relatively open economies with a similar degree of development..
Uncertainty about the condition of the global economy increased in August-September. Concerns relate particularly to China, whose decelerating growth has unnerved the markets. In the Bank of Finland forecast, global growth will be 3.0%, 3.2% and 3.5% in 2015, 2016 and 2017, respectively. In addition to developments in China, the fact that world trade growth is past its peak weakens the outlook for the global economy compared with earlier predictions. There are downside risks to the forecast for the global economy..
Macro markets : creating institutions for managing society's largest economic risks
Special and differential treatment under the WTO Agreement on Agriculture
Determining Compatibility in 23 Countries for an Innovative Finnish Concrete Pile Cutter : Case Study: MotoCut Ltd
Kansantalouden tilinpito : aikasarjat 1975-2002 = National accounts : time series. Osa 2, Uudistetut taulukot 1975-1988 = Revised tables 1975-1988
Situation and outlook series. International agriculture and trade reports. China
As projected in earlier forecasts, Chinese economic growth continues to slow. 2015 GDP growth overall should average around 7 % p.a., and then the growth is expected to fall to around 6 % p.a. in 2016 and 2017. China faces the challenge of creating new engines of growth and managing its existing problems. This calls for determined reforms that inevitably will also bring about various kind of disturbances in the economy. Given decelerating growth and rising indebtedness, the risk that the Chinese economy underperforms this forecast is rising..
Difficulties in emerging economies weigh on global growth
CE marking, product standards and world trade
On 4 December 2015, Statistics Finland published advance quarterly national accounts data containing the latest statistical data on Finnish economic developments in the third quarter of 2015..
Why is Finland trailing its peers?
Food security in the long term
GDP growth in Russia : Different Capital Stock Series and the Terms of Trade
World trade grew for decades considerably faster than global GDP. In recent years, the growth of international trade has slowed to the level of the GDP growth rate. Is the most hectic phase of globalisation already history? It would seem that, in the latter part of the first post-millennium decade, it was for the most part permanent structural factors that took centre stage, while transitory cyclical factors played only a minor role. Forecasts suggest world trade growth relative to global GDP is not likely to gain significant momentum in the immediate years ahead..
The affluent society
National accounts for the first quarter of 2016.
Product juggernauts : how companies mobilize to generate a stream of market winners
Measuring the wealth of nations : the political economy of national accounts
The role of cites in controlling the international trade in forest products : implications for sustainable forest management
Importing biological products from Germany to China
Economic and social survey of Asia and the Pacific : 2006 : energizing the global economy
Consulting Finnish successes : implementing innovation in international markets
The Bank of Finland forecasts a global growth rate of 2.8% in 2016, rising only slightly to 3.2% in 2017-2018. The growth pick-up reflects a recovery of the emerging economies suffering from the recession. World trade growth in the forecast period will be close to world GDP growth. The forecasts for the United States and the EU22 are more moderate than previously, but growth should still exceed the estimated potential growth rate. The growth forecast for China in 2016-2017 remains at 6%, from which it is expected to slow to 5% in 2018..
Analysis of production and trade in forest products of Tanzania
Human capital, dynamic inefficiency and economic growth
Kansantalouden tilinpito = National accounts. 1995-2001 : uudistetut taulukot = revised tables
National income and flow-of-funds analysis
International economics : theory and policy
Growing prosperity : the battle for growth with equity in the twenty-first century
National accounts for the third quarter of 2015.
China develops, growth slows
Convergence : The Concept and its Empirical Evidence among the Member States of the European Union : The Evaluation of the Impact of the Newest Enlargement and the Extent of Trade on Convergence Process
Are Chinese GDP statistics reliable?
Does debt relief lead to economic growth?
Gross Domestic Product as a Modern-day Economic Indicator
A global study of regional trade flows of five groups of forest products
According to the most recent quarterly national accounts, real GDP in the first quarter of 2016 grew by 0.6% quarter on quarter and 1.6% year on year. The latest quarterly national accounts data signal similar economic developments for early 2016 than the data previously published, i.e. economic growth continued, supported by private investments and private consumption. Real GDP growth in the first quarter was slightly stronger than suggested by preliminary data. The figures for the fourth quarter of 2015 were also revised upward. The economy has now grown for two consecutive quarters..
Historical national product statistics of Sweden. 1, Growth rate tables 1861-1978
Macroeconomic essentials : understanding economics in the news
Uncertainty in global economy has increased
Do measurement errors in GDP announcements cause output fluctuations?
The poor man's index and Soviet economic growth in 1960-1989
According to the most recent quarterly national accounts, real GDP in the first quarter of 2015 contracted by 0.1% quarter on quarter but remained unchanged year on year. The quarterly national accounts data signal a broadly similar economic development to the indicator data previously published, i.e. the economy was continuing to contract..
Agriculture and the GATT: rewriting the rules
Income redistribution and the statistical foundations of economic policy
Finnish GNP-series 1954/1-1990/4 : small shock persistance or trend stationarity? : some evidence with variance ratio estimates
Russia's economy and imports to contract further
Is there a Laffer curve between aggregate output and public sector employment
Agriculture in the European Union : statistical and economic information 2002
Measures of leisure, equality and welfare
Current issues in resource accounting
Decoupling in the transport sector : relative changes in CO2 emissions from transport and GDP in world countries 1975-2005
