http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12157 level of education
level of education
Social class in science class
Home ownership and mortality : a register-based follow-up study of 300 000 Finns
Limits of meritocracy : how fields of study and gender segregation affect social stratification in Finland
Studies on earnings dynamics and uncertainty in return to education
Raising educational standards by means of school effectiveness : a quantitative study of ten senior high schools in the Ashanti region of Ghana
Problem solving and constitution of knowledge at work
Graduate employment and entry into further education
Dimishing educational differences in breast cancer mortality among finnish women : a register-based 25-year follow up
Educational differentials in male mortality in Russia and northern Europe : a comparison of an epidemiological cohort from Moscow and St. Petersburg with the male populations of Helsinki and Oslo
The culture of professionalism : the middle class and the development of higher education in America
Dealing with female brain-drain in Rural Europe : results from the central Europe project women
Well-being in Finland: A comparison of municipalities and residential differentiation in two cities
Sammanfattning. - English abstract.
Investing in education : analysis of the 1999 world education indicators
Labour market matching with heterogenous job seekers
Education at a Glance : OECD indicators
Utdanning og sosial bakgrunn = Education and social background
World social situation in the 1990s
Essays on earnings and human capital in Kenya
Occupational and educational structures of the labour force and levels of economic development
Poverty, participation, and democracy : a global perspective
Education and postponement of maternity : economic analyses for industrialized countries
Girls' schooling, women's autonomy and fertility change in South Asia
Literacy and power : the Latin American battleground
Labour market challenges and improving functioning of labour market : summary of the expert group report
Socio-demographic factors and incidence of caesarean sections in Mozambique
"Across the developed world, most of us who work now earn our living in the service sector. However, the issue of what kind of service economy is sustainable and desirable, both in economic and social terms, is rarely debated. This book argues that this needs to change. National governments have emphasized the role of skills in achieving international competitiveness, higher living standards, and social inclusion. However, even prior to the 2008 financial crisis, problems of over-qualification, skills wastage, and poor job quality were becoming difficult to ignore. This raises important questions about what kind of service sector jobs will be on offer to meet the aspirations of an increasingly qualified workforce and what role can governments play in raising the skills required in jobs and the quality of jobs and services? Work organization and job design are key factors shaping the skill content of work and the opportunities workers have to deploy their skills and capabilities. Through cross-national comparative research, this book examines whether and why service sector jobs vary across countries. Drawing upon detailed empirical research, the jobs of vocational teacher, fitness instructor, and cafe worker in the UK, Norway, and France are compared, allowing an exploration of the role of national institutions, sectors, and organisations in shaping work organization and job quality. The findings contribute to the comparative study of work organization, the relationship between skills and performance, the role and purpose of education and the prospects for better jobs in 'the age of over-qualification'."--Book jacket.
Self-selected self-employed : the role of education in success
Population and women : proceedings of the United Nations Expert Group Meeting on population and women, Gaborone, Botswana, 22-26 June 1992
Educational structure of population
The education-jobs gap : underemployment or economic democracy
Social indicators : the EU and social inclusion
Social indicators are an important tool for evaluating a country's level of social development and for assessing the impact of policy. Such indicators are already in use in investigating poverty and social exclusion in several European countries and have begun to play a significant role in advancing the social dimension of the European Union as a whole. The purpose of this book is to make a scientific contribution to the development of social indicators for the purposes of European policy-making. It considers the principles underlying the construction of policy-relevant indicators, the definition of indicators, and the issues that arise in their implementation, including that of the statistical data required. It seeks to bring together theoretical and methodological methods in the measurement of poverty/social exclusion with the empirical practice of social policy. The experience of Member States is reviewed, including an assessment of the National Action Plans on Social Inclusion submitted for the first time in June 2001 by the fifteen EU governments. The key areas covered by the book are poverty, including its intensity and persistence, income inequality, non-monetary deprivation, low educational attainment, unemployment, joblessness, poor health, poor housing and homelessness, functional illiteracy and innumeracy, and restricted social participation. In each case, the book assesses the strengths and weaknesses of different indicators relevant to social inclusion in the European Union, and makes recommendations for the indicators to be employed. Indicators for Social Inclusion in the European Union is being published at a critical stage in the evolution of the social agenda of the European Union. It is hoped that the report will play a role in widening public debate about the social dimension of Europe and that it will be of value to the social partners, to non-governmental and grass roots organizations, and to those living in poverty and social exclusion. It seeks to provide both a constructive background document at a crucial juncture in the evolution of the social dimension of the European Union and a reference work of continuing value.
Agora-1 : raising the level of diplomas and their distribution on the labour market: the lessons of the past and prospects for the future
Persistent elitism in access to higher education in Ghana
Smoking status and relative weight by educational level in Finland 1978-1995
Forecasting sectors, occupational activities and qualifications in the Federal Republic of Germany : a survey on research activities and recent findings
Education and innovative capabilities
Education and fertility : a study on patterns and mechanisms among men and women in Finland
Education of medical personnel working in northern regions
The impact of family background on the choice and returns of education in Finland : does gender matter?
The social inheritance of education : equality of educational opportunity among young people in Finland
Effects of women's education on fertility and child care
Grappling with the Oral Skills: The learning processes of the low-educated adult second language and literacy learner
Socioeconomic differentials in mortality in Finland and the United States : the role of education and income
Equality in death? : how the social positions of individuals and families are linked to mortality
Tibetan market participation in China
The labour market by education and occupation to 2000
Human capital and corporate growth
What Doesn’t Work for the Lowest Level Literacy Learners and Why?
Education at a glance : OECD indicators 2005
Schooling, family background and adoption : is it nature or is it nurture?
Labour market transitions in Finland : does background matter?
The effects of marriage partners' socio-economic positions on the risk of divorce in Finland
Education, tenure and innovation in manufacturing firms
Nordic education : key data 2012.
Social background, education and childbearing before 30 : the experience of the Stockholm metropolitan birth cohort
Testing the Reading Ability of Low Educated ESOL Learners
Does educational achievement help to explain income inequality
Abstract (s. 7).
Koulutusaika kotitalouksien tuloerojen selitystekijänä = Schooling as an explanatory factor of the income differencies in households
Pre-service teachers' objectives, challenges, and experience of practical work
Changes in the household structure of the Finnish elderly by age, sex and educational attainment in 1987–2035
Deaf people and the labour market in Sweden : Education - Employment - Economy
The long-term impact of birth order on health and educational attainment / Kieron Barclay
Health, skills and labor market success
Competences, innovation and profitability of firms
Finnish yearbook of population research. 42, 2006
Integrating all young people into society through education and training. Vol. 1, Proceedings of the meeting, Brussels, 7 and 8 May 1998
Studies on higher education choices and spatial labour markets
Mobility of the highly educated labour force
Cortical thickness analysis in early diagnostics of Alzheimer's disease
Impact of education on age of marriage
Essays on the intergenerational transmission of disadvantage : the role of prenatal health and fertility
School context and delinquency
Changes in socioeconomic differences in youth health in the 1980s and the 1990s
Inequalities in lung cancer mortality by the educational level in 10 European populations
International mobility of the highly skilled
Summary (s. 5-9).
Skill distribution of recruits in Finnish industry
The users of hypnotics and anxiolytics in Denmark and Finland
Highlights from Education at a glance
Inequality in incomes and access to education : a cross-country analysis
Schooling the rustbelt kids : making the difference in changing times
Studies on the determinants of migration and the spatial concentration of labour
Population and development : the search for selective interventions
Pathways to health : determinants of health, health behaviour and health inequalities in early adulthood
Education at a glance : OECD indicators 2003
Literature as an educational tool for enhancing emancipatory learning : a literary analysis of the Mozambican writer Paulina Chiziane's novel Niketche
Food habits and related biomarkers in Pitkäranta, Russia, and North Karelia, Finland : trends and educational differences, 1992-2007
Education and mental disorders : a 31-year follow-up in the Northern Finland 1966 birth cohort
Socioeconomic inequalities in alcohol related cancer mortality among men : to what extent do they differ between Western European populations?
Cognitive functioning in alcohol and other substance use disorders in young adulthood : a genetic epidemiological study
Adolescent predictors of adult social and psychiatric adversities : a prospective follow-up study of the Northern Finland 1966 Birth Cohort
Differences in well-being are examined at two regional levels. First, variations in well-being are studied based on municipal statistics by three indices that represent different aspects of life. The examination shows that the most problematic areas are in eastern and northern Finland. Second, residential differentiation is examined in two metropolitan areas, Helsinki and Tampere, through two variables: families with children and residents with university education. Metropolitan Helsinki is divided into socially distinctive residential areas. Low levels of education and the threat of unemployment concentrate in the northern and eastern parts of the city. Such clear socio-economic differentiation cannot be found in Metropolitan Tampere.
Editorial : Special issue on Second Language and Literacy Acquisition of Low-Educated Adult Immigrants
Educated people, migration and European integration
Skills in the age of over-qualification : comparing service sector work in Europe
Studies in human capital, ability and migration
Children and families at risk : new issues in integrating services
Women's education & fertility behaviour : recent evidence from the demographic and health surveys
Sammandrag: Befolningens utbildningsstruktur 31.12.2000. - Summary: Educational level of the population on 31 December 2000
Higher education policy in Finland
Religion, economics, and demography : the effects of religion on education, work, and the family
Converging Perspectives in the LESLLA Context
Trends and policies in privatisation = Tendances et politiques des privatisations
Education and research 2007-2012 : development plan
Social determinants of health behaviours : Finbalt Health Monitor 1998-2008
Preliminary findings from a survey on the economic and labour market situation of Finnish artists
Makers of the India phenomenon
