http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12164 government platforms
government platforms
Strategy for the national languages of Finland : Government resolution
A renewing, human-centeric and competitive Finland : the National Knowledge Society Strategy 2007-2015
Global economic institutions : critical writings on global institutions. Volume 2, Trade
Surveying Corporate Performance after M&A activity : the case of South Africa
Media system and news selections in Namibia
Palaako el채v채 mets채? : metsiensuojelun tavoitteita 2000-luvun Suomessa = A comprehensive conservation programme for Finland's forests in the 21st century
Abstract.
Global economic institutions : critical writings on global institutions. Volume 1, General
Multilateral institutions : a critical introduction
Ministers as strategic political leaders? : strategic political streering after NPM reforms in Finland
Ministers as strategic political leaders? : strategic political steering after NPM reforms in Finland
Encyclopedia of the United Nations and international agreements
The contributions of specialized institutes and non-governmental organizations to the United Nations Criminal Justice Program : in honor of Adolfo Beria di Argentine
Programme of Prime Minister Jyrki Katainen's government
Trust beyond borders : immigration, the welfare state, and identity in modern societies
Evaluation of sustainable development in Finland : summary
Party policy and government coalitions
Decentralisation in the agricultural sector in Malawi : policies, processes and community linkages
Government action plan for gender equality 2004-2007
From cherry-picking to control : migrant labour and its exploitation in Finnish governmental policies
Pharmaceutical policy not yet incorporated into the government programme
The Finnish Workplace Development Programme : a small giant? : evaluation report
Programme management within the Finnish Government
Executive summary (s. 1-18).
Government strategy document 2007.
Black economic empowerment policy in South Africa and its impact on Finnish companies
Spanish economy : new government aims to enhance productivity
Administration of development initiatives by non-governmental organisations : a study of their sustainability in Bangladesh and Nepal
Coalition governments in western Europe
Data and Goliath : the hidden battles to collect your data and control your world
Government action plan for gender equality 2012-2015
The Finnish Government's mid-term policy review process : summary
Summary (1 s.).
The Finnish workplace development programme : a small giant? : evaluation report
Government Action Plan for Gender Equality 2004-2007
Global economic institutions : critical writings on global institutions. Volume 4, Environment
A renewing, human-centric and competitive Finland : the National Knowledge Society Strategy 2007-2015
Evaluation : Finnish partnership agreement scheme
Programme of Prime Minister Matti Vanhanen's second cabinet
Government action plan for gender equality 2016-2019
From Beijing to Finland : the plan of action for the promotion of gender equality of the Government of Finland
A climate of injustice : global inequality, North-South politics, and climate policy
Abstract (s.3): Evaluation of Finnish Patnership Agreement Scheme.
Analysis and politics
Hallituksen ulkosuomalaispoliittinen ohjelma 2006-2011 = Regeringens utlandsfinl채ndarpolitiska program = Government policy programme for expatriate Finns
Global economic institutions : critical writings on global institutions. Volume 3, Finance
