http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12143 crime films
crime films
The many Watsons
Murder on the Orient Express
Columbo : the complete second season. 2.
Sin City : recut & extended edition
Rear window
Above suspicion. [2], Red Dahlia
"A GlassHouse book."
The Mexican
Raymond Chandler on screen : his novels into film
Law and popular culture : a course book
Iron maze
The disappearance of Alice Creed
The trouble with Harry
Sherlock Holmes : prelude to murder
Resisting arrest : detective fiction and popular culture
Crime jazz : music in the second degree
"In the contemporary fascination with images of crime, violence gets under our skin and keeps us enthralled. The Scene of Violence explores the spectator's encounter with the cinematic scene of violence - rape and revenge, homicide and serial killing, torture and terrorism. Providing a detailed reading of both classical and contemporary films - for example, Kill Bill, Blue Velvet, Reservoir Dogs, The Matrix, Psycho, The Accused, Elephant, Seven, Thelma & Louise, United 93, Zodiac and No Country for Old Men - Alison Young returns the affective processes of the cinematic image to the study of law, crime and violence. Engaging with legal theory, cultural criminology and film studies, the book unfolds both our attachment to the authority of law and our identification with the illicit. Its original contribution is to bring together the cultural fascination of crime with a nuanced account of what it means to watch cinema. The Scene of Violence shows how the spectator is bound by the laws of film to the judgment of the crime-image."--P. [i].
The complete Christie : an Agatha Christie encyclopedia
Double indemnity
Columbo : the complete second season. 3.
Sharon Tate and the Manson murders
The lookout
Pulp fiction : collector's edition
The man who wasn't there
Brick
Film noir 101 : the 101 best film noir posters from the 1940s-1950s
Sherlock Holmes : woman in green
Criminology goes to the movies : crime theory and popular culture
New Hollywood : der amerikanische Film nach 1968 : the American film after 1968
More than night : Film noir in its contexts
Money, women, and guns : crime movies from Bonnie and Clyde to the present
Get rich or die tryin'
Brit noir : the pocket essential guide to british crime fiction, film & TV of the British Isles
Sherlock Holmes : terror by night
Vasikka = The informant
Beretta 70 : roaring themes from the thrilling Italian policefilms 1971-80
Dreams and dead ends : the American ganster/crime film
The first comprehensive biography of Sharon Tate: Hollywood star, wife of Roman Polanski, victim of Charles Manson, and symbol of the death of the 1960s.
British crime film : subverting the social order
The crime films of Anthony Mann
Cold in July
The scene of violence : cinema, crime, affect
Encyclopedia mysteriosa : a comprehensive guide to the art of detection in print, film, radio, and television
"Unless the threat of death is behind them" : hard-boiled fiction and film noir
Blind man
America is elsewhere : the noir tradition in the age of consumer culture
To catch a thief
Pulp fiction to film noir : the Great Depression and the development of a genre
A better tomorrow 1
Sherlock Holmes and the secret weapon
Crime movies : from Griffith to the Godfather and beyond
Private Eye : Detectives in the Movies
Dead man's shoes
Ocean's eleven : Ocean's twelve ; Ocean's thirteen
British crime cinema
The Mighty Quinn
Born to lose : the gangster film in America
Columbo : the complete second season. 4.
Leaves of grass
In the electric mist
Edison : city of crime
Crime fictions : subverted codes and new structures
Gran Torino
Torchwood. 1. tuotantokausi
Agatha Christie and archaeology
The mechanic
Murder on the Orient express
Public enemies : the gangster movie A-Z
Unless the threat of death is behind them : hard-boiled fiction and film noir
Scarface : music from the original motion picture soundtrack
Columbo : the complete second season. 1.
The underneath
Evil under the sun
Television antiheroines : women behaving badly in crime and prison drama
"This new crime fiction adapted brilliantly to the screen, birthing a cinematic genre that was christened "film noir." This volume provides a detailed exploration of film noir, tracing its evolution, the influence of such legendary writers as Dashiell Hammett and Raymond Chandler, and the films that propelled this dark genre to popularity in the mid-20th century"--
Brotherhood. Tuotantokausi 1.
Starring Sherlock Holmes : a century of the master detective on screen
Love and A .45
Narc
Coen brothers collection
Brit noir : the pocket essential guide to the crime fiction, film & TV of the British Isles
Unfinished business : screening the Italian Mafia in the new millenium
Raymond Chandler and film
