http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12105 advisers
advisers
This title explores and compares trends in public management reform over the last 40 years in Britain, France, and Canada. It suggests that the rise and spread of managerialism in public bureaucracies is a process driven by the material interests of the management consultants who became powerful policy actors in public administration.
Blood song
Doing business in Russia : based on the example of Saint Petersburg and Northwestern Russia. Episode 2, Preparing for business : win the battle before getting engaged in it!
Thomas Cromwell : the untold story of Henry VIII's most faithful servant
Dear fairy godmother : a lift-the-flap book
Rise of the Vulcans : the history of Bush's war cabinet
The coaching manual : the definitive guide to the process, principles and skills of personal coaching
Security consulting
The Hopkins touch : Harry Hopkins and the forging of the alliance to defeat Hitler
Democratization of expertise? : exploring novel forms of scientific advice in political decision-making
Innovative advisory services in the virtual world : an empowerment perspective
Bush's brain : how Karl Rove made George W. Bush presidential
Zbig : the strategy and statecraft of Zbigniew Brzezinski
Developing knowledge-based client relationships : the future of professional services
The chosen one
The role of presidential advisory systems in US foreign policy-making : the case of the National Security Council and Vietnam, 1953-1961
Wolf Hall ; and, Bring up the bodies
Counselor : a life at the edge of history
Wolf Hall
Catherine the Great & Potemkin : the imperial love affair
To change China : Western advisers in China 1620-1960
Cockroach
The competition of ideas : the world of the Washington think tanks
Cardinal choices : presidential science advising from the atomic bomb to SDI
Bring up the bodies
Believer : my forty years in politics
The legendary strategist, the mastermind behind Barack Obama's historic election campaigns, shares a wealth of stories from his forty-year journey through the inner workings of American democracy.
How to effectively design and deliver virtual advisory services can be a mystery to many public and private organisations. This study examines the interesting phenomenon of providing virtual advisors to assist users in accomplishing their tasks in the digital world. Based on a thorough analysis of abundant typical applications in various business and government sectors, this book discusses the current status and future trends of virtual advisory services in digital environments. This book also reveals exactly what users expect from such services, and what they hate! It provides thought-provoking guidelines for best practice in the design and provision of virtual advisors on e-portals.
Flashback
Backstage Wall Street : an insider ́s guide to knowing who to trust, who to run from, and how to maximize your investments
Dispatches from the war room : in the trenches with five extraordinary leaders
The trusted advisor
Running the world : the inside story of the National Security Council and the architects of American Power
Point Omega
Training in developing nations : a handbook for expatriates
Building the new managerialist state : consultants and the politics of public sector reform in comparative perspectives
Client-centered consulting : getting your expertise used when you're not in charge
