http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12139 upward trend
upward trend
The boom and the depression : a simple schok interpretation
A bivariate autoregressive probit model : predicting U.S. business cycle and growth rate cycle recessions
Topical comment : essays in dynamic economics applied
The boom and the depression : an analysis within the aggregate-demand - aggregate-supply framework
Cyberpath to development in Asia : issues and challenges
'A Dutch miracle' : job growth, welfare reform and corporatims in the Netherlands
New perspectives on economic growth and technological innovation
The future of the global economy : towards a long boom?
The bubble economy : Japan's extraordinary speculative boom of the '80s and the dramatic bust of the '90s
The boom and the depression : a note on the identification of aggregate supply shocks
Two hundred years ago, the first Industrial Revolution sparked a dramatic acceleration in the quantity of goods and services available to the average citizen--a trend of steadily increasing real income per capita that continues to this day. Since that time, economists have struggled to develop systematic explanations for what caused the sudden, rapid increase, why the economy keeps growing, and why the rate of growth varies in different time periods and nations. In this book, F. M. Scherer traces the evolution of economic growth theory from the Industrial Revolution to the present. Emphasizing technological change as the most crucial dynamic force for growth, Scherer analyzes early hypotheses that paid little attention to new technologies, follows the emergence of theories that increasingly emphasized technological change, and reviews the current state of economic growth theory. Pointing out a lack of solid microbehavioral foundations to support contemporary "new growth" ideas, Scherer then supplies some foundational "bricks" concerning financial investment and human capital, and concludes by exploring the prospects for sustaining rapid growth into the next century. F. M. Scherer is Aetna Professor of Public Policy and Corporate Management in the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University and former chief economist of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. His numerous publications include Competition Policies for an Integrated World Economy (Brookings, 1994).
Trade, growth and technical change
The U.S. expansion : was it demand- or supply-led
Asian dawn : recovery, reform and investing in the new Asia
World boom ahead : how business and consumer will prosper
