http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1210 roads
roads
The martian chronicles
A study on road connections between Finland and the Murmansk Region
Maintenance techniques for road surfacings : assessmen choice of treatment, planning, implementation
New Zealand's South Island : road trips
Saving historic roads : design and policy guidelines
100 greatest manmade wonders
The landscape below ground : proceedings of an International workshop on tree root development in urban soils
Roads and road transport in an underdeveloped country : a case study of Uganda
Opening cross-disciplinary dialogue : a virtual workshop on methodology
Snelweg : highways in the Netherlands
Shadow of the Silk Road
Road maintenance management systems in developing countries : report
Investigating roads
Technology trees and tools : constructing development graphs for digital games
Amazing journeys : 22 of the world's most legendary road trips
The Chinese mobile game market
In which year was the Atari Lynx released? To which character are Pikmin sidekicks? Who was on the cover of Fifa 95? And is Mario Teaches Typing a real game? This fantastic quiz book contains six hundred questions (and answers!) to test your knowledge, from basics a total noob would know all the way through to trivia that would challenge Satoru Iwata himself. With sections including bestsellers, genres, anagrams, henchmen, collectables, accessories and many more, this is an excellent addition to any gamer’s bookshelf.
Environmental impact assessment of roads : report
Pandora Walker unwittingly unleashes cyber Armageddon on her seventeenth birthday and must play a virtual reality game in order to save the world.
Hazardous road locations : identification and counter measures
Developing Distribution Channels for the Chinese Textile Industry
Law and justice in Tokugawa Japan : materials for the history of Japanese law and justice under the Tokugawa shogunate 1603-1867. 6-D, Property : legal precedents
The view from the cheap seats : a collection of introductions, essays, and assorted writings
Dragon age : the stolen throne
Learn Unity for 2D game development
Informal roles within eSport teams : a content analysis of the game 'Counter-Strike: Global Offensive
Off the beaten track : selected day drives in Southern Africa
Steam Greenlight for first-time developers : explaining Steam Greenlight from a game developer's perspective
Physics and metaphysics in the Hitchhiker Series (1979-1992) by Douglas Adams
Beginning 3D game development with unity 4
1998 10th PIARC International Winter Road Congress, 16-19 March in Luleå, Sweden : technical report. Volume 1, Topic 1A: Winter road maintenance policies: strategy. - Topic 1B: Winter road maintenance policies: organization
The roads of ancient Cyprus
From Vision to Reality : Making of a 3D Environment
Roman marble quarries in southern Euboea and the associated road systems
Lean Pre-production for Independent Game Development
Abstract: From Vision to Reality: Making of a 3D Environment.
Distribution channels : understanding and managing channels to market
The Roads of Roman Italy offers a complete re-evaluation of both the evidence and the interpretation of Roman land transport. The book utilises archaeological, epigraphic and literary evidence for Roman communications, drawing on recent approaches to the human landscape developed by geographers.
Finnish Road Administration environmental policy and action plan  2001-2005
1998 10th PIARC International Winter Road Congress, 16-19 March in Luleå, Sweden : technical report. Volume 2, Topic 2: Ice and snow control methods
Lithuania in the trans-european transport system : 1997.
Geometric road design standards : proceedings of the symposium on methods for determining geometric road design standards
Guangxi roads development project in the People's Republic of China
Highways : construction, management, and maintenance
Routes, roads and landscapes
Creating a 3D Game Character Model
The eye of minds
Game design secrets : do what you never thought possible to market and monetize your iOS, Facebook, and Web games
Road strengthening
Optimisation of road alignment by the use of computers : a report prep. by an OECD Road Research Group July 1973
Climate change, energy, sustainability and pavements
The railway children
Land travel and communications in Tudor and Stuart England : achieving a joined-up realm
Fifty key figures in science fiction
Around India in 80 trains
Minimizing reflection and frost heave crackings in flexible and semi-rigid road pavements
Maintenance of rural roads : principles of a road maintenance management system
Conservation of shadows
Faculty staff perspective on interprofessional education in the pharmacy curriculum : drivers, barriers and development needs
Tiivistelmä: From Vision to Reality: Making of a 3D Environment
Abstract book : International Transdisciplinary Conference : culture(s) in sustainable futures : theories, policies, practices : Helsinki, Finland 6-8 May 2015
Vietnamese confectionery market analysis and entry plan : case: Candyking Finland Oy
Beginning DirectX 11 Game Programming
Sparrow Hill Road
Influence of transport infrastructure on nature
Possibilities of telework as an organisational tool for the flexible arrangement of teachers' work from the teacher's viewpoint
Fair and intelligent transport : working group final report
After being killed by a man who is trying to use her soul to gain immortality, Rose Marshall, still sixteen, has been on the run for sixty years, trying to outrace the man and regain her freedom.
Journey to the center of the earth
Ancient road networks and settlement hierarchies in the New World
Roads in Russian art
New road types : summary on test roads in Finland
Laws relating to federal aid in construction of roads
Interdisciplinary accountability in the evaluation of research proposals : prospects for academic quality control across disciplinary boundaries
Winter road maintenance methods in Finland
Roads, Indians and the environment in the Amazon : from Central Brazil to the Pacific Ocean
Focusing on low volume roads in the Northern periphery
Lean pre-production for independent game development
Handbook of road technology
Route 66 : road trips
A history of roads
Landscapes of movement : trails, paths, and roads in anthropological perspective
Traffic capacity of major routes : report
English elements in the spoken discourse of Finnish teenagers playing an English video game
Roads
Wildlife and roads : the ecological impact
On Southern English roads
Roads, indians and the environment in the Amazon : from central Brazil to the Pacific Ocean
The highway and the city
La via Francigena : the paths of the pilgrims
Road Traffic Monitoring Using Noise Sensor Networks;Vehicle Speed Detection
Regulation of the Use and Protection of Public Roads
Highways, byways, and road systems in the pre-modern world
Writing for video game genres : from FPS to RPG
U.S. 1, America's original main street
The roads that led to Rome
Manual on forest roads in Bhutan. Part. 1, Planning, surveying, construction and protection works
Finnish Railway Statistics
Mobile weather measurement station - testing and configuring
Compulsory music course from an enterprise approach (pedagogical approach)
Researching potential customers for the video game as a service in the European market
Tiesanasto = Vägnomenklatur = Strassenfachwörter = Technical road terms
Body, epistemology, interpretation : Friedrich Nietzsche and Karl Kerényi
Roadwork : theory and practice
Design guide for environmental barriers
Roman Roads in Britain
Exploring Roman Britain
Abstract (s. 9).
Summary (s. 17-28).
Toll financing and private sector involvement in road infrastructure development : report
The roads of Roman Italy : mobility and cultural change
The Improvements for Indie Game Development
The Chinese Mobile Game Market
The tropical garden city : its creation and maintenance
Nature conservation 2 : the role of corridors
Goods transport by road
Earth roads : a practical manual for the provision of access for agricultural and forestry projects in developing countries
Road maintenance management system : a simplified approach
Optimal selection and routing of road surface measurements
On roads : a hidden history
Monetization in computer games
Outcome of endonasal endoscopic dacryocystorhinostomy in adults
INFLUENCE OF MARKETING LOGISTICS ON THE CONTAINER TRANSPORTATION BY ROAD-, WATER- AND RAILWAYS IN EUROPE
Planning for man and motor
The road to Santiago : magical route to other lands
Abstract (s. 4). Ececutive summary (s. 5-6).
Sewero La-ma-u - a phonetic approach to literacy teaching in Zambia
Multidisciplinary Design Optimization in an integrated CAD/FEM environment
Transport investment in railways to generate knowledge transfer from interfirm worker mobility
All roads lead to the American city
Road maintenance management : concepts and systems
Water in roads : methods for determining soil moisture content and pore water tension
Shanxi road development project II in the People's Republic of China
Practical road safety auditing
Impact of Introduction of IFRS in Russia on Tourism Industry Case: Aeroflot and Russian Railways
Pavement management systems : road transport research
Auckland & the Bay of Islands : road trips
Road condition management of low traffic volume roads in the northern periphery
Route 66 road trip
With this guide to the basics, you'll get in on the game of digital game design while you learn the skills required for storyboarding, character creation, environment creation, level design, programming, and testing. - Teaches basic skill sets in the context of current systems, genres, and game-play styles. Demonstrates how to design for different sectors within gaming including console, PC, handheld, and mobile. Explores low-poly modeling for game play. Addresses character and prop animation, lighting and rendering, and environment design. Discusses the path from concept to product, including pre- and post-production. Includes real-world scenarios and interviews with key studio and industry professionals.
Long-life surfaces for busy roads
Roads : an anthropology of infrastructure and expertise
Quality of EIS support and maintenance services
Heavy trucks, climate and pavement damage
Developing distribution channels for the chinese textile industry
Differences in taxation on heavy goods vehicles in Europe
The ultimate video game quiz book
Grand tour of Italy : road trips
Regional code of practice for reduced-impact forest harvesting in tropical moist forests of West and Central Africa
Italían lakes : road trips
Different faces of the Japanese distribution system : low voltage AC drives
1998 10th PIARC International Winter Road Congress, 16-19 March in Luleå, Sweden : technical report. Volume 3, Topic 3: Special winter road problems in urban areas. - Topic 4: Maintenance information and other support systems for winter road management. - Topic 5: Interaction between people, road and vehicles
Via Baltica feasibility study
Suomen matkailukartta = Turistkarta över Finland = Touristenkarte ú̈ber Finnland = Tourist map of Finland
Roads in the landscape : criteria for their planning, layout and design
The highways & byways of England : their history and romance
The calling
Installation process and development idea interlocking concrete paving stones in buildings
Abstract (s. 4). Summary (s. 5-10).
Large-scale water simulation in games
Network-attached storage for small companies : case: Design Foundation Finland
Applicability of portable tools in assessing the bearing capacity of forest roads
Tensions in human-technology research
Fairy paths & spirit roads : exploring otherworldly routes in the old and new worlds
Road vehicles : measurement of road surface friction
Suspension geometry and computation
Tropical deforestation solutions, ethics and religions
Forest roads provide access to logging sites and enable transportation of timber from forest to mills. Efficient forest management and forest industry are impossible without a proper forest road network. The bearing capacity of forest roads varies significantly by weather conditions and seasons since they are generally made of poor materials and the constructed layers may be mixed with subgrade. A bearing capacity assessment is valuable information when trafficability is uncertain and rutting is obvious. In this study, bearing capacity measurements were carried out using the light falling weight deflectometer (LFWD), the dynamic cone penetrometer (DCP) and the conventional falling weight deflectometer (FWD). The aim was to compare their measurement results in relation to road characteristics and moisture conditions. Data were collected from 35 test road sections in four consecutive springs and during one summer. The test road sections had measurement points both on the wheel path and the centre line. The data show logical correlations between measured quantities, and the study presents reliable regression models between measuring devices. The results indicate that light portable tools, the DCP and the LFWD, can in most cases be used instead of the expensive falling weight deflectometer on forest roads..
Roads : archaeology and architecture
Transport and communications in Africa and India : an Africa quarterly supplement
Storage and transportation of 32% calcium chlorade
Roman roads and milestones of Asia Minor = Kücük Asya'daki Roma Yollari ve Miltaşlari. Fasc. 2:1-2, An interim catalogue of Milestones = Miltaşi ara kataloǧu
Route 66 adventure handbook
Children of the mind
The war of the worlds
Design implications for digital scratch-card games
Every boy should have a man
The Silk Road : China and the Karakorum Highway : a travel companion
Abstract.
Compaction and paving : theory and practice
On the road
Two-cylinder odyssey : a study of motorcycle travel literature
Tuscany : road trips
Billy Connolly's Route 66 : the big yin on the ultimate American road trip
Impact of introduction of Ifrs in Russia on tourism industry : case: Aeroflot Russian airlines and Russian railways
Interdisciplinary studies journal
Advergaming developer's guide : using Macromedia Flash MX 2004 and Director MX
The Impact of Applying Rolling Highway on State Company for Land Transport in Iraq
Abstract: Building a cognitive gaming platform : User centric gaming experiences with organic movement. The increasing focus on efficiency and optimizing the way people think and work has led to a new area of serious gaming – cognitive games. The rise of modern web rendering technologies has enabled the creation of visually interesting cognitive games on browser based technologies. The goal of this study was to assess the applicability of using modern browser technologies to create a user centric cognitive gaming platform and the useof mathematical formulas in organic rendering. The approach discusses the current market situation and the products and methods of cognitive gaming as well as the technologies involved. The user centric approach is studied through user experience design as well as graphic design and animation aspects. The reference implementation is project CCA; a user centric cognitive gaming platform built on top of Adobe Flash that uses seemingly organic movement rendering. The technical implementation is discussed from the platform client-server aspect as well as an overview of the structure of the front end architecture. The rendering engine methods go through the 2D –based rendering of mathematical formulas, the use of continuous Bezier curves in organic movement and the creative ways of using Perlin noise to generate textures as well as movement. Optimization of complex rendering and platform building is an essential part of the process. The results show the viability of using modern browser based technologies in the creation of a cognitive gaming platform. Through the use of optimization and creative mathematical solutions, as well as tending to user experience needs a successful product is built. The project platform is used in medical trials, as well as the Science Changing the World Exhibition shown in science centers around Europe. This study stands as a testament to the possibilities of cognitive end user training and a guide on the aspects of building a successful gaming platform.
Economic design of low-traffic roads : report
Roman roads in Judaea. 2, The Jaffa-Jerusalem roads
National km-tax for passenger cars cost estimation
Bridge rehabilitation and strengthening : report
Slow road to Brownsville : a journey through the heart of the Old West
Road surface characteristics : their interaction and their optimisation
"The unparalleled network of roads in the empire of ancient Rome was a remarkable achievement--yet this Roman road network is just the most notable example of an important feature of many pre-modern societies worldwide. Highways, Byways, and Road Systems in the Pre-Modern World presents a comparative analysis of several sophisticated systems of overland transport and communication networks across pre-modern cultures. Featuring contributions from an international team of scholars, these readings delve deeply into the societal, cultural, and religious implications of various transportation networks around the globe. The latest research from the Mediterranean and the Near East is brought together with fresh work from the Americas, Africa, and Asia to reveal the significance and logistics of the movement of people and ideas in the pre-modern world. Highways, Byways, and Road Systems in the Pre-Modern World sheds important new light--and fills a gap in contemporary scholarship--by exploring the importance and interconnectedness of the countless physical pathways of peoples and cultures"--Provided by publisher.
Use of a portable falling weight deflectometer; "loadman"
Multispectral satellite image understanding : from land classification to building and road detection
The stars were right
Creating Retail Business in the German Market for Slash Proof Gear : Case Oy Pomaco Ab
After two hundred years of exile, King Maric has allowed the legendary Grey Wardens to finally return to Ferelden. When they come home, however, they bring dire news: one of their own has escaped into the Deep Roads and aligned himself with their ancient enemy, the monstrous darkspawn.  The Grey Wardens need Maric's help, and he reluctantly agrees to lead them into the passages he traveled through many years before, chasing after a deadly secret that will threaten to destroy not only the Grey Wardens but also the kingdom above.
Integrating 3d into the 2d game character work flow
Road climate variations related to weather and topography
Research and design advances in roads and structures : papers presented at the 10th IRF World Meeting = Progressos en la investigación y diseno de caminos y estructuras. [TS - 3]
"An enthralling collection of nonfiction essays on a myriad of topics--from art and artists to dreams, myths, and memories--observed in #1 New York Times bestselling author Neil Gaiman's probing, amusing, and distinctive style. An inquisitive observer, thoughtful commentator, and assiduous craftsman, Neil Gaiman has long been celebrated for the sharp intellect and startling imagination that informs his bestselling fiction. Now, The View from the Cheap Seats brings together for the first time ever more than sixty pieces of his outstanding nonfiction. Analytical yet playful, erudite yet accessible, this cornucopia explores a broad range of interests and topics, including (but not limited to): authors past and present; music; storytelling; comics; bookshops; travel; fairy tales; America; inspiration; libraries; ghosts; and the title piece, at turns touching and self-deprecating, which recounts the author's experiences at the 2010 Academy Awards in Hollywood. Insightful, incisive, witty, and wise, The View from the Cheap Seats explores the issues and subjects that matter most to Neil Gaiman--offering a glimpse into the head and heart of one of the most acclaimed, beloved, and influential artists of our time"--
Roman roads of Europe
Structural design of pavements. Part 2, Design of earth and gravel roads
Finnish Road Administration : research and development strategy,  2002-2007
New Mexico's royal road : trade and travel on the Chihuahua Trail
Impacts from new roads on tourism and outdoor recreation : environmental impact linkages and assessment as strategy
Shards and ashes
Changes in forest landscape structure in southern Finland in the late 1900's
Nine's legacy : I am number four: the lost files
Financing transportation networks
The history of roads : from amber to motorway
Building a cognitive gaming platform : User centric gaming experiences with organic movement
From Vision to Reality: Making of a 3D Environment
Catalogue of road surface deficiencies : supplement to the report, Maintenance techniques for road surfacings October 1978.
Traffic & highway engineering
Guangxi roads development II project in the People's Republic of China : June 2004.
