http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12107 MP (file formats)
MP (file formats)
Digital Right Management : Is the Music Industry Alienating the Consumer?
PC music : the easy guide
iPod and philosophy : iCon of an ePoch
Digital rights management : is the music industry alienting the consumer?
The sound on sound book of recording & production techniques for the recording musician
Digital rights management : is the music industry alienating the consumer?
Blues scatitudes : vocal improvisations on the blues
Teaching with the tools kids really use : learning with web and mobile technologies
Digital technologies and the museum experience : handheld guides and other media
The kindly ones : a novel
MP3 FYI : digital music online : your Q&A guide to MP3
iPod, therefore I am
The Digital Songstream : mastering the world of digital music
I used to play cello : An innovative method for adults returning to play
Girl from the train
The twelve
iPhone SDK programming : developing mobile applications for Apple iPhone and iPod Touch
MP3 encoding and music industry
Theory and evaluation of basic music and speech codecs
Digital home recording
iPhone open application development
MP3 : the meaning of a format
Cracking the TOEFL iBT
Fan's affect for music record formats : from vinyl LP to MP3
The American accent guide : a comprehensive course on the sound system of American English
MP3 and the digital music revolution : turn your PC into a CD-quality digital jukebox!
An introduction to each of the iPod's onboard applications: connecting to the internet, sending and receiving e-mail, listening to music, watching videos, and synchronizing calendars.  In addition there are hints, tips and suggestions to make the most of the iPod's hidden potential.
MP3 for musicians : promote your music career online
Incredible iPhone apps for dummies
The land of painted caves
Spatial audio processing : MPEG surround and other applications
Websites for musicians
Tourism and mobilities : local - global communities
The perfect thing : How the iPod shuffles commerce, culture and coolness
Napster: Music for the Masses : Technological breakthrough which set music free
How music got free : a story of obsession and invention
"The biggest trend in museum exhibit design today is the creative incorporation of technology. Digital Technologies and the Museum Experience: Handheld Guides and Other Media explores the potential of mobile technologies (cell phones, digital cameras, MP3 players, and PDAs) for visitor interaction and learning in museums, drawing on established practice to identify guidelines for future implementations."--BOOK JACKET.
iPod shuffle fan book : Life is a playlist
The handbook of MPEG applications : standards in practice
iPhone SDK 3 programming : advanced mobile development for Apple iPhone and ipod touch
MP3 Pro : get your music now!
Obstructive sleep apnea from symptoms to follow-up
Taking your iPod touch to the max
Professional iPhone and iPod touch programming : building applications for Mobile Safari
New practical Chinese reader. 1, Textbook
Pro Tools all-in-one for dummies
Streaming audio : the FezGuys' guide
Publishing music online
iPod : the missing manual
H.264 and MPEG-4 Video compression : video coding for next-generation multimedia
A riveting story of obsession, music, crime, and money, featuring visionaries and criminals, moguls and tech-savvy teenagers. It's about the greatest pirate in history, the most powerful executive in the music business, a revolutionary invention and an illegal website four times the size of the iTunes Music Store. Journalist Stephen Witt traces the secret history of digital music piracy, from the German audio engineers who invented the mp3, to a North Carolina compact-disc manufacturing plant where factory worker Dell Glover leaked nearly two thousand albums over the course of a decade, to the high-rises of midtown Manhattan where music executive Doug Morris cornered the global market on rap, and, finally, into the darkest recesses of the Internet. Through these interwoven narratives, Witt has written a thrilling book that depicts the moment in history when ordinary life became forever entwined with the world online--when, suddenly, all the music ever recorded was available for free. Witt introduces the unforgettable characters--inventors, executives, factory workers, and smugglers--who revolutionized an entire artform, and reveals for the first time the secret underworld of media pirates that transformed our digital lives.--From publisher description.
The rough guide to the Internet
The art of downloading music
Download! : how the internet transformed the record business
Comparison of audio codecs in mobile environment
Principles of digital audio
The sound on sound book of music technology : a survivor's guide
iTunes 6 and iPod : for Windows and Macintosh
Complete Vietnamese
Pro Tools puts professional recording and music production software in the hands of anyone with the appropriate hardware and the knowledge to use it. Musician and recording engineer Jeff Strong guides you through the latest version of this complex program, offering twice the content of the official guide at a lower price. Eight minibooks cover recording basics, getting started with Pro Tools, recording audio, editing audio, managing MIDI, mixing, mastering, and getting your music to the masses. •	The latest version of Pro Tools offers a whole range of new possibilities for the recording artist; this soup-to-nuts guide explains everything you need to know to take full advantage of it. •	Written by a professional musician and recording engineer who has authored two previous editions of this book as well as Home Recording For Musicians For Dummies and Drums For Dummies. •	Eight minibooks cover recording basics, getting started with Pro Tools, recording audio, editing audio, managing MIDI, mixing, mastering, and distributing your music. •	Explains how to configure your computer and attach hardware, proper microphone settings, steps for getting your music to sound the way you want, tips on putting your tracks together professionally, and much more.
Sonic boom : Napster, MP3, and the new pioneers of music
Music & the internet revolution
Podcasting for dummies
Newnes guide to television and video technology
The blasphemer : a novel
The sound on sound book of recording and production techniques : for the recording musician
MP3 power! with Winamp
The impact of digitization of music on the business models of record labels and consumer habits
The chaperone : a novel
As husbands go : a novel
iPod touch for dummies
A study of implementing MP3-player in a mobile phone
Popular music : topics, trends & trajectories
Developing a portable tool for compressed digital music playback
The postmistress : a novel
iPhoneTM 3GS : portable genius
How to do everything with MP3 and digital music
My smartphone and other digital accessories
Ipod touch for dummies
Digital home recording : tips, techniques, and tools for home studio production
Sound moves : iPod culture and urban experience
Why be happy when you could be normal?
How to remix
The prophet
I used to play : an innovative method for adults returning to play. Flute
