http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12177 motels
motels
This Bachelor's thesis is a product type study commissioned by New Sun Gate Motel. The motel is located in Lake Worth, Florida. The objective is to create an Orientation Manual for trainees and new employees. The theoretical framework discusses tourism business in Florida, job orientation, dif-ferent kinds of learning styles and cultural research. The empirical part contains intro-duction of tasks, project plan and implementation. In addition, the results and evalua-tion have been considered in the empirical part. The theoretical framework serves as a basis for producing an effective and clear Orien-tation Manual. The material improves learning and adapting to a new job and working culture. The study resulted an Orientation Manual for New Sun Gate Motel. The Orientation Manual contains all the information a new trainee/employee needs in order to cope individually. In addition, the operating area of the company is introduced. Lake Worth, Florida and the motel are introduced in the Orientation Manual, followed by a presentation of tasks by means of pictures to clarify the instructions. In addition, the folder includes a checklist for job orientation. The list is used to support the tutor.
Modern hotel and motel management
Trends in the hotel/motel business : transient, resort, motels-motor hotels
The hotel and restaurant business
Check-in, check-out : managing hotel operations
Hotelliopas = Hotel guide Finland 1996 : congressguide, bathing establishments
Turisti - majoitus 2008 : hotelliopas = Hotel guide Finland : camping sites, holiday villages, congress guide, spas
Motel advertising and promotion
Bates motel. Season one
Suomen majoitusliikkeet 2006 = Accommodation in Finland 2006 = Übernachtung in Finnland 2006
Your career in hotels and motels
Bates motel. Season two
Accident prevention for hotels, motels, and restaurants
Practical hotel-motel cost reduction handbook
Marketing in action for hotels-motels-restaurants
Hotel and motel management and operations
Principles and practice of management in the hospitality industry
Hotels & motels : valuations and market studies
Hotelliopas : congressguide, bathing establishments = Hotel guide Finland 2002.
Introduction to the hospitality industry
Orientation manual for New Sun Gate Motel
Introduction to Management in the Hospitality Industry
The motel industry in the United States : small business in transition
Tourism and the lodging sector
Opportunities in hotel and motel careers
Legal aspects of hotel, motel and restaurant operation
Teacher's manual for hotel-motel marketing
Outdoor advertising ...for hotels and motels : when, where, why, how
Cold comes the night
Introduction to the hospitality industry : workbook
Managing computers in the hospitality industry
Suomen majoitusliikkeet 2001 = Accommodation in Finland = Übernachtung in Finnland
Hotels, motels and condominiums : design, planning and maintenance
Hotelliopas : congressguide, bathing establishments = Hotel guide Finland 2001.
Introduction to modern food and beverage service
Motels, hotels, restaurants and bars : an architectural record book
Hotel and motel sales, marketing and promotion : strategies to impact revenue and increase occupancy
Uniform system of accounts and expense dictionary for motels-motor hotels, small hotels
Bates motel. Season three
Suomen majoitusliikkeet 2003 = Accommodation in Finland 2003 = Übernachtung in Finnland 2003
400 answers to 26 motels problems : discussions of timely significant problems by motor operators themselves
Interiors book of hotels & motor hotels
Americans on the road : from autocamp to motel, 1910-1945
Turisti - majoitus 2009 : hotelliopas = Hotel guide Finland : camping sites, holiday villages, congress guide, spas
