http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12112 Pteridophyta
Pteridophyta
The plantfinder's guide to garden ferns
On Dicroidium, probably a pteridospermous leaf, and other leaves now removed from this genus
Guide to the vascular plants of central French Guiana. Part 1, Pteridophytes, Gymnosperms, and Monocotyledons
Native ferns and fern allies of Ynnan China in colour
Illustrated flora of ferns and ferns allies of South pacific Islands
Flora Malesiana : Series 2, Ferns and fern allies. Vol. 3, Polypodiaceae, Davalliaceae, Azollaceae, Cheiropleuriaceae, Equisetaceae, Matoniaceae, Plagiogyriaceae
A modern multilingual glossary for taxonomic pteridology
Reference manual of fern spores
Ferns of Florida
Plants of Alberta : trees, shrubs, wildflowers, ferns, aquatic plants & grasses
Flora of the Indiana dunes : a handbook of the flowering plants and ferns of the Lake Michigan, coast of Indiana and of the Calumet District
Phloroglucinol derivatives in Dryopteris sect. Fibrillosae and related taxa (Pteridophyta,Dryopteridaceae)
The pteridophytes of Suriname : an enumeration with keys of the ferns and fern-allies
Studies in Hawaiian pollen statistics. Part 1, The spores of the Hawaiian pteridophytes
Spore flora of Taiwan
Sporal regeneration of bracken (Pteridium aquilinum (L.) Kuhn.) in Finland in the light of the dimensions and the age of its clones
Hardy ferns
Common ferns and fern allies
New combinations in Haplopteris (Pteridophyta: Vittariaceae)
A world of ferns
Annotated list of flowering plants and ferns of Point Pelee Ont., and neighbouring districts
Pteridology in perspective : proceedings of the Holttum Memorial Pteridophyte Symposium, Kew 1995
Intragametophytic selfing does not reduce reproduction in Dryopterix filix-mas
A field guide to ferns
Liverworts, mosses and ferns of Europe
Pteridophyte hybrids
A field guide to ferns and their related families : northeastern and central North America
The ferns of Great Britain, and their allies the club mosses, pepperworts, and horsetails
The flora of Canada. Part 2, Pteridophyta, Gymnospermae, Monocotyledoneae
A nomenclatural note on the Fennoscandian Diphasium complanatum
Flora of Japan : (in English)
Ferns, fern allies and conifers of Australia : a laboratory manual
Problems of cytology and evolution in the pteridophyta
A guide to the flowering plants and ferns of Iceland
A manual of the spores of New Zealand Pteridophyta : a discussion of spore morphology and dispersal with reference to the identification of the spores in surface samples and as microfossils
Pollen and spores of Chile : modern types of the Pteridophyta, Gymnospermae, and Angiospermae
Ferns & fern-allies of Tripura (North East India)
Atlas of distribution of pteridophytes in Rwanda (Central Africa) = Atlas de la distribution des ptéridophytes au Rwanda (Afrique Centrale)
Scandinavian ferns : a natural history of the ferns, clubmosses, quillworts, and horsetails of Denmark, Norway, and Sweden
Collins guide to the grasses, sedges rushes and ferns of Britain and Northern Europe
Taxonomic revision of three hundred Indian subcontinental Pteridophytes with a revised census-list : a new picture of fern-taxonomy and nomenclature in the Indian subcontinent
Flora Malesiana : Series 2, Pteridophyta. Vol. 2 : 1, Tectaria group
Conspectus of southern African Pteridophyta : an enumeration of the Pteridophyta of Angola, Botswana, Lesotho, Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, South Africa (including the Marion Island group), Swaziland, Zambia and Zimbabwe
A field guide to the ferns & lycophytes of Louisiana : including east Texas, southern Arkansas, and Mississippi
The first botanical collectors in Nepal : the fern collections of Hamilton, Gardner, and Wallich : lost herbaria, a lost botanist, lost letters, and lost books somewhat rediscovered
Ferns and lycophytes in Amazonia : diversity patterns and usefulness as habitat indicators
Grasses, ferns, mosses & lichens of Great Britain and Ireland
Genetic diversity and population structure in the outcrossing populations of Equisetum arvense and E. hyemale (Equisetaceae)
Southern African ferns and fern allies
Ecological variation in the rain forests of Peruvian Amazonia : integrating fern distribution patterns with satellite imagery
Himalayan ferns : a guide to Polystichum
Illustrated flora of East Texas. Volume one, Introduction, pteridophytes, gymnosperms, and monocotyledons
Revised list of Hawaiian Pteridophyta
Biology and evolution of ferns and lycophytes
Atlas florae Europaeae : distribution of vascular plants in Europe. 1, Pteridophyta (Psilotaceae to Azollaceae)
Colour identification guide to the grasses, sedges, rushes and ferns of the British Isles and North-Western Europe
Liebmann's Mexican ferns : his itinerary, a translation of his "Mexicos Bregner," and a reprinting of the original work
Which native fern ? : a simple guide to the identification of New Zealand native ferns
Factors influencing the toxicity of fern extracts
Marin flora : an illustrated manual of the flowering plants, ferns, and conifers of Marin County, California
Resultados botanicos de la expedicion de la universidad central de Venezuela a la region del Auyantepui en la Guayana Venezolana, Abril de 1956. 3, Hymenophyllopsis Universitatis, a New Species endemic to Guayana and its relatives
Michigan flora : a list of the fern and seed plants growing without cultivation
Pteridophyte flora of Nilgiris, South India
Growth and reproductive characteristics in artificially formed clonal gametophytes of Dryopteris filix-mas (Dryopteridaceae)
Cryptogamic botany. Vol. 2, Bryophytes and pteridophytes
Atlas florae Europaeae : distribution of vascular plants in Europe. 1; 2, Pteridophyta (Psilotaceae to Azollaceae); Gymnospermae (Pinaceae to Ephedraceae)
Fern ecology
Ferns and fern allies of Texas
Pollen and spore morphology : plant taxonomy. Pteridophyta
Index to botanical monographs : a guide to monographs and taxonomic papers relating to phanerogams and vascular cryptogams found growing wild in the British Isles
Trichomanes, Hymenophyllum, and Genera Hymenophyllacearum
The ferns and fern-allies (Pteridophyta) of the Cape Verde Islands, West-Africa
New species syndrome in Indian pteridology and the ferns of Nepal
Flowering plants and ferns of St. Helena
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2000.
Spores. Ferns : Microscopic illusions analyzed. Vol. 2, Varied plant groups introduce true ferns through spore tetrad structure
Authors of scientific names in Pteridophyta : list of authors of names of ferns and fern allies with recommended standard forms of their names including abbreviations
Developmental biology of fern gametophytes
Arkansas ferns and fern allies
Atlas florae Europaeae : distribution of vascular plants in Europe. 1 : Pteridophyta (Psilotaceae to Azollaceae)
The families and genera of vascular plants. Vol 1, Pteridophytes and gymnosperms
Atlante corologico delle Pteridofite nell'Italia nordorientale : 96. pubblicazione del Museo Civico di Rovereto = distribution atlas of the pteridophytes of north-eastern Italy
A natural history of ferns
Flora of the Indiana dunes : a handbook of the flowering plants and ferns of the Lake Michigan , coast of Indiana and of the Calumet District
Research materials of Pteridophytes in China. 1
The morphology of Pteridophytes : the structure of ferns and allied plants
Ferns and fern allies of Guatemala. Part 3, Marsileaceae, Salviniaceae, and the fern allies
Taxonomy of Thelypteris subgenus Steiropteris, including Glaphyropteris (Pteridophyta)
The correlation between the size of Finnish bracken (Pteridium aquilinum (L.) Kuhn.) clones and certain periods of site history
Synopsis of the Lycopodiophyta and Pteridophyta of Africa, Madagascar and neighbouring islands
Flora of Australia. 48, Ferns, gymnosperms and allied groups
The pteridophytic flora of Eastern India. Vol. 1
Vascular flora of Inari Lapland. 1., Introduction and Lycopodiaceae - Polypodiaceae
A new species of Asplenium (Aspleniaceae, Pteridophyta) from Equatorial Guinea
Studies on the variability of Diphasium (Lycopodium) complanatum
Pteridophyta of Peru. Part 6, 22. Marsileaceae - 28. Isoetaceae
The pteridophytes of Mexico
Guide to the vascular plants of central French Guiana. Part 2, Dicotyledons
Abstract: Inari Lapland is situated in N Finland between 68° and 70° N. lat. (area c. 20,000 km²). It has been floristically studied by the authors since 1954; the Kevo Subarctic Research Station, established in 1957, has formed the base for most of the excursions. The bedrock consists chiefly of granulite, acid and poor in nutrients. The area is sparsely populated, and the influence of man is slight and restricted. The northern parts are dominated by subarctic and subalpine birch forests (Betula pubescens ssp. tortuosa) ; in the south, pine forests (Pinus sylvestris) are prevailing. The lower limit of treeless alpine areas varies approximately between 300 and 400 m. The relation of the floristic composition to elevation, northernliness, maritimity, bedrock, and human activities is discussed. - The total number of the floristically studied areas amounts to 2445. A total of 41 ferns and fern-allies, 2 subspecies and 2 hybrids are reported. A distribution map is given for each, and their general distribution, frequency in the area, vertical distribution, ecology, and relation to the soil, and to the human activities is discussed.
Studies on Equisetum hybrids in Fennoscandia
