http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12126 batik
batik
Batik : art and craft
Japanese stencils : The Victoria and Albert colour book
JAPANESE STYLE : TEXTILE DYEING PATTERNS. 3.
Shibori: The art of fabric tying, folding, pleating and dying
The technique of batik
Batik : the art of fabric decorating and painting in over 20 beautiful projects
THE ART OF BATIK / FLOWERS AND LANDSCAPES
Introducing batik
The glory of batik : the Danar Hadi collection
Indonesian batik : processes, patterns and places
Decoration on fabric
Batik for artists and quilters
Ideas and techniques for fabric design
The World of rõzome : wax-resist textiles of Japan
Creating with batik
Contemporary batik and tie-dye : methods, inspiration, dyes
Batik : modern concepts and techniques
Batik : drawn in wax : 200 years of batik art from Indonesia in the Tropenmuseum collection
Historic textiles of India at the Calico Museum. Vol. 4, Indian tie-dyed fabrics
African textiles : looms, weaving and design
Focus on batiks : traditional quilts in fun fabrics
Textiles of South-East Asia
JAPANESE STYLE : TEXTILE DYEING PATTERNS. 1.
Surface design for fabric
Hands on dyeing
Hand painted textiles for the home
Fifties furnishing fabrics
Textiles for this world and beyond : treasures from insular Southeast Asia
Design on fabrics
Fabric and yarn dyer's handbook
H'mong batik : a textile technique from Laos
Print magic : the complete guide to decorative printing techniques
In her hands : craftswomen changing the world
Tie and dye : as a present-day craft
Japanese style. 2, Textile design patterns
Batik : Get started in a new craft with easy-to-follow projedts for beginners
INTRODUCTION TO BATIK
The great T-shirt book! : make your own spectacular, one-of-a-kind designs
Batik with Noel Dyrenforth
Crafts for the classroom
Getting started in batik
Batik dan mitra = Batik and its kind
Batik : creating and identity
Japanese style. 1, Textile design patterns
Batik : the art and craft
Contemporary tie and dye textiles of Indonesia
Traditional Indonesian textiles
Dyeing for fibres and fabrics
Japanese style. 4, Textile dyeing patterns
Batik : fabled cloth of Java
The silk painting workshop : painting, marbling and batik for beginners
Terrific t-shirts : hundreds of ways to create your own great designs1dChris Rankin
The big book of home crafts. 2
Hand block printing & resist dyeing
Shibori : a beginner's guide to creating color & texture on fabric
A handbook of indigo dyeing
Batik for beginners
Indonesian textiles
Textile dyeing : the step-by-step guide and showcase
Hippie crafts : creating a hip new look using groovy '60s crafts
Print style : hand-printed patterns for home decoration
Batik : get started in a new craft with easy-to-follow projects for beginners
The ultimate t-shirt book
Indonesian batik & ikat : textile art-threads of continuity
Shibori : Creating color and texture on silk
Painted eggs : using dyes, watercolours, gouache, pencil and inks
Fabric painting & dyeing for the theatre
Batiks and beyond : quilts from fabulous fabrics
Batik : from the courts of Java and Sumatra
"Surface Design for Fabric is a comprehensive, how-to guide to more than 60 surface design techniques for various fabrics and leather--ranging from traditional to experimental. Clear, step-by-step instructions and photographs demonstrate surface design techniques, allowing readers to quickly grasp the material and further explore and experiment on their own. Irwin covers a broad range of surface design techniques including: dyeing, staining, removing color, resists, printing and transfer, fiber manipulation, fabric manipulations, embroidery, and embellishments. Each chapter begins with a brief description and historical overview of the technique, and includes a fabric selection quick guide, tools and materials, how to set up your workspace, application methods and safety guidelines for each technique. Photographs and designer biographies showcase surface design techniques used in real-world designs. The final chapter offers advice on how to combine techniques to create commercial and avant-garde surface design. This modern studio resource clearly guides readers in the creation of beautiful, innovative, and professional surface designs"--
Creative batik
Practical batik : a contemporary approach to a traditional craft
