http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12148 German language
German language
Fast German in a day : "now you're talking!"
Start German : Michel Thomas Method : listen, connect, speak
Improve your German
One-day German
German : CD-pack with phrase book
The German language in America : a symposium
German : the complete course. 2A
Beginner's German : Teach yourself books
Deutsch konkret : a German course for young people. Workbook 1 : chapters 1-10
Talk to me : Deutsch : the conversation method
Interlingual phraseology in Der Vorleser by Bernhard Schlink : a contrastive analysis of the English and French translation
German : the complete course. 2, Intermediate/part B.
1000 first words in german
A structural and semantic analysis of the German modal "mögen"
German for starters. Study book
Essential German vocabulary
Deutsch konkret : a German course for young people. Workbook and glossary 1 B : chapters 6-10
Colloquial German. 2, The next step in language learning
German For dummies
Prosa der Gegenwart : a collection of contemporary German prose
Counter-figures : an essay on antimetaphoric resistance : Paul Celan's poetry and poetics at the limits of figurality
I'll believe it when I see it : a study of English and German teachers' beliefs about and use of motivational strategies
Willkommen! : a first course in German
Teach yourself : improve your German
Basic German : a grammar and workbook
Developing writing skills in German
Learn in your car German complete
Folktales of Germany
New basic German
Pocket Oxford German dictionary : German - English, English - German
German for your Trip
Oxford duden : German dictionary
A model of standard German intonation
Drive-in German
Take off in German : the complete language-learning kit
Learn German with Paul Noble
German in 10 minutes a day
Collins German grammar & practice
Tripleplay plus! German : multimedia games & conversations
German in a week
Using German : a guide to contemporary usage
German : the complete course. 3B
German : the complete course. 2B
The representation of multilingualism in the speeches of the European Commissioner for Multilingualism Leonard Orban from 2007 to 2010
Using german : a guide to contemporary usage
Theories of the propositions : ancient and medieval conceptions of the bearers of truth and falsity
Tuomioistuinsanasto = Domstolsordlista = Glossary of court terms = Glossar der Gerichtsterminologie = Vocabulaire de la justice
Prior linguistic knowledge matters : the use of the partitive case in Finnish learner language
The German handbook : your guide to speaking and writing German
The Oxford paperback German dictionary : German-English, English-German : Deutsch-English, Englisch-Deutsch
A linguistic atlas of Pennsylvania German
The Oxford colour German dictionary Plus : German-English, English-German = Deutsch-Englisch, Englisch-Deutsch
The politics of citizenship tests : time, integration and the contingent polity
Interpreting Management and policy in Finland, United Kingdom and Germany
German : the complete course. 1B
German : the complete course. 2, Intermediate/part A.
The German language
Phonetics and diction in Singing : Italian, French, Spanish, German
Silence and the relevance of differing discourse cultures in language teaching : a quest for strategies to enhance conversation in language courses
German : the complete course. 1A
On particle verbs and similiar constructions in German
German conversation
Exploring the German language
German dictionary
Sociocultural aspects of translating and interpreting
German: an essential grammar
Complete German
Schaum's outlines German vocabulary
Internationales Wörterbuch der Abkürzungen von Organisationen = International dictionary of organizations. 2, I - R
German : the complete course. 3A
Let's learn German : picture dictionary
Living German : a grammar-based course
Sprache und Gesellschaft in deutschsprachigen Ländern : Beiträge eines Werkstattgesprächs des Goethe-Instituts York in Zusammenarbeit mit dem Department of Language and Linguistic Science der Universität York am 16./17.9.85 in York
The Environmental Dictionary EnDic covers a wide field of environmental protection and nature conservation - e.g. such fields as meteorology, hydrology, environmental engineering, water supply and wastewater treatment, waste management, and the environmental policy of the EU.
The passive in German : the view from cognitive grammar
Speak German with confidence
