http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12184 test subjects (persons)
test subjects (persons)
International ethical guidelines for biomedical research involving human subjects
Effects of added endurance or strength training on cardiovascular and neuromuscular performance of conscripts during the 8-week basic training period
Men with asthma since youth : prognosis, impact of work and effect on work ablity
Medical research on humans : legal and ethical aspects on encroaching physical integrity in medical research.
Interactive two-step training and management strategy for improvement of the quality of point-of-care testing by nurses : implementation of the strategy in blood glucose measurement
Lost memory of skin
Issues in socially desirable responding and personality research
The Oxford textbook of clinical research ethics
The pathway from infertility to motherhood through assisted reproductive technology (ART)
At the Pneumatic Institution in Bristol, founded in the closing years of the eighteenth century, dramatic experiments with gases precipitated not only a revolution in scientific medicine but also in the history of ideas. Guided by the energy of maverick doctor Thomas Beddoes, the Institution was both laboratory and hospital - the first example of a modern medical research institution, but when its members discovered the mind-altering properties of nitrous oxide, or laughing gas, their experiments devolved into a pioneering exploration of consciousness with far-reaching and unforeseen effects.This riveting book is the first to tell the story of Dr. Beddoes and the brilliant circle who surrounded him: Erasmus Darwin, Samuel Taylor Coleridge, and Robert Southey, who supported his ideas; James Watt, who designed and built his laboratory; Thomas Wedgwood, who funded it; and, his dazzling young chemistry assistant, Humphry Davy, who identified nitrous oxide and tested it on himself, with spectacular results. Medical historian Mike Jay charts the chaotic rise and fall of the Institution in this fast-paced account, and reveals its crucial influence - on modern drug culture, attitudes toward objective and subjective knowledge, the development of anaesthetic surgery, and the birth of the Romantic movement.
Double standards in medical research in developing countries
The atmosphere of heaven : the unnatural experiments of Dr. Beddoes and his sons of genius
Bad Pharma : how drug companies mislead doctors and harm patients
On the fire dynamics of vehicles and electrical equipment
"Doctors and patients need good scientific evidence to make informed decisions. But instead, companies run bad trials on their own drugs, which distort and exaggerate the benefits by design. When these trials produce unflattering results, the data is simply buried. All of this is perfectly legal. In fact, even government regulators withhold vitally important data from the people who need it most. Doctors and patient groups have stood by too, and failed to protect us. Instead, they take money and favours, in a world so fractured that medics and nurses are now educated by the drugs industry. Patients are harmed in huge numbers. Ben Goldacre is Britain's finest writer on the science behind medicine, and 'Bad Pharma' is a clear and witty attack, showing exactly how the science has been distorted, how our systems have been broken, and how easy it would be to fix them." -- (Fourth Estate)
Realization of informed consent in health research
The fantastic laboratory of Dr. Weigl : how two brave scientists battled typhus and sabotaged the Nazis
How to become a star : 12 simple steps to celebrity & fame : image, talent, auditions, media
Override : my quest to go beyond brain training and take control of my mind
Mengele : the complete story
Cortical discrimination of speech sounds in children with Asperger syndrome as determined with the multi-feature mismatch negativity paradigm
The Septimus wave
Ethical issues in clinical research : a practical guide
The professional guinea pig : Big Pharma and the risky world of human subjects
Principles of medical law
Can you really rewire an adult brain? In theory the answer is 'yes', but there's a problem: no one seems to know exactly how to do it. In Override, Caroline Williams sets off on a mission to find out. Delving into the latest studies on brain plasticity, which indicate that brain games don't actually do much to make you smarter, she tries to square that finding with the reality of brain plasticity - that the brain adapts physically as we learn something new. Visiting top neuroscientists in their labs, she volunteers herself as a guinea pig in neuroscience studies, challenging researchers to make real changes to her - functioning, but imperfect - brain. She seeks to improve on her own weaknesses, such as a limited attention span and a tendency to worry too much, and then branches out into more mysterious areas such as intelligence, creativity, and the perception of time. Trying everything from high-tech brain stimulation to meditation, adding bolt-on senses and retraining her stress response, Override is a very intimate, fascinating journey into discovering what neuroscience can really do for us - and, crucially, whether it's worth all the bother.
Bad pharma : how medicine is broken, and how we can fix it
English summary: Medical research on humans : legal and ethical aspects on encroaching physical integrity in medical research.
