http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12182 national income
national income
National accounts studies of the ESCWA region. Bulletin
Yearbook of national accounts statistics
Executive summary (s. i-ii).
Purchasing power parities and gross domestic product in real terms : results 1985 = Parités de pouvoir d'achat et produit intérieur brut réel : résultats 1985
The family in the American economy
Handbook of income distribution. Vol. 1
Income distribution theory
Chinese economic performance in the long run : second edition, revised and updated : 960-2030 AD
The income of nations : theory, measurement, and analysis : past and present : a study in applied economics and statistics
Work and wealth : a human valuation
National accounts in Latin America and the Caribbean
Structuring corporate capital gains tax system in the European Union : a comparative Finnish perspective
Income, employment, and economic growth
Wages, cost of living and national income in Sweden 1860-1930. Vol. 3, part II
Evidence in income redistribution by governments
The distribution of the product
State, economy, and society in Western Europe 1815-1975 : a data handbook in two volumes. Vol.2, The growth of industrial societies and capitalist economies
Wages, cost of living and national income in Sweden 1860-1930. Vol. 1, The cost of living in Sweden 1830-1930
The challenge of African economic recovery and development
Business cycles and national income
The income of nations. Part 2, Theory and methodology
The concept of income : a multi-disciplinary analysis
Measuring inequality
Nominal income as an intermediate target for monetary policy
Trends in private investment in thirty developing countries
National income and economic growth
National incomes and international trade : a quantitative analysis
National income and nature : externalities, growth and steady state
The new system of national accounts
The CES and Par income distribution reconsidered
Estimating the long-run relationship between income inequality and economic development
Wages, cost of living and national income in Sweden 1860-1930. Vol. 3, part I
IQ and the wealth of nations
International trade and the national income multiplier
Summary (s. 9-12).
Bureaucrats in business : the economics and politics of government ownership
Growing prosperity : the battle for growth with equity in the twenty-first century
School differences and inequities in educational outcomes : PISA 2000 results of reading literacy in Finland
The farm and the city
Kansantalouden tilinpito 2003 = Nationalräkenskaper 2003 = National accounts 2003.
Principles of macroeconomics
Services : measuring real annual value added
UNCTAD statistical pocket book
Essays in honour of Lord Robbins
Convergence of European transition economies and EU : what do the data show
National income and the environment
Economic change : selected essays in business cycles, national income, and economic growth
The role and limits of government : essays in political economy
Income of the American people
National income in dynamic economies
The real national income of Soviet Russia since 1928
Ragnar Frisch and the great depression : a study in the interwar history of macroeconomic theory and policy
The share of wages in the national income : an enquiry into the theory of distribution
Essentials of economics
National environmental accounting : bridging the gap between ecology and economy
World comparison of incomes, prices and product
The essence of the economy
Systems of social accounts
The macroeconomic environment
The productivity of a nation : the measurement of technical change in the total production system (example: Finland 1970-1985)
The poor man's index and Soviet economic growth in 1960-1989
National accounts at a glance 2009
The Finnish success in Pisa - and some reasons behind it : Pisa 2000
Economics : the science of prices and incomes
Regional sales performance evaluation and its challenges in a multinational enterprise
Understanding consumption
Towards a new global age : challenges and opportunities : policy report
The national income of communist China
National income and social accounts : an Australian study
This book presents the concepts, theory and applications in a clear and concise manner. The eighteen chapters of the book are divided into two main parts, progressing from micro to macro economics, illustrated throughout by the use of examples. The third edition updates the real world data and includes a new chapter on the economic implications of major environmental factors such as pollution and traffic congestion, and expanded material on long-run production, regional policy, monetary union, deregulation and aggregate demand and supply.  KEY FEATURES clear and straightforward  ideal as an introductory text  up to date with all recent policy changes and European developments numerous illustrative examples and self-test questions with answers.   CONTENTS 1.The nature and scope of economics  2.Demand supply and marketing equilibrium   3.Elasticity   4.Consumer theory  5.Production and costs   6.Theory of the firm: perfect competition and monopoly   7.Theory of the firm: monopolistic competition and oligopoly  8.Wages   9.Interest, profits and rent  10.National income accounting  11.National income determination  12.Unemployment  13.Inflation  14.Money and banking  15.Public expenditure and finance  16.International trade and protection  17.The balance of payments and exchange rates  18.Impact of environmental factors  19.Managing the economy  Index.
Soviet national income and product 1940-48
Volkswirtschaftliche Gesamtrechnungen = Comptes nationaux = Conti nationali = Nationale rekeningen = National accounts
Country economic review : Cook Islands
The intertemporal choice of households under incomplete markets in general equilibrium
Productivity in Scandinavia in the 20th century : a comparative view
Computable general equilibrium analysis of income distribution policies in Zimbabwe
National accounts of OECD countries. Vol. 3b, Financial balance sheets : stocks
National accounts ESA : 1970-1978 : detailed financial tables
Asian socioeconomic development : a national accounts approach
Summary and conclusions (s. 15-22).
National accounts at a glance
The ladder of competitiveness : how to climb it
The real national income of Soviet Russia since 1928.
Macro markets : creating institutions for managing society's largest economic risks
Measuring the wealth of nations : the political economy of national accounts
Russia and its neighbours : uneasy relationships
National accounts of OECD countries. Vol. 3a, Financial accounts : flows
Historical statistics 1960-1994
Dynamic forces in capitalist development : a long-run comparative view
The income of nations. Part 1, History
The politics of debt in Argentina, Brazil and Mexico : economic stabilization in the 1980s
OECD regions at a glance
National income and flow-of-funds analysis
Revealing demand for an actual public good
Technological transformation in the Third World. Vol. 4, Developed countries
The OECD STAN database for industrial analysis : 1974-1993 = La base de données STAN de l'OCDE pour l'analyse de l'industrie : 1974-1993
United Nations international comparison project : Phase 2 : International comparisons of real product and purchasing power
Declining labour share, evidence of a change in underlying production technology?
Political arithmetic : Simon Kuznets and the empirical tradition in economics
Increasing industrial competitiveness
Statistical abstract of the ESCWA region
Wages, cost of living and national income in Sweden 1860-1930. Vol. 2, part II
Asia per capita : why national incomes differ in East Asia
The income of nations and persons : an introduction to economics
The world economy
Wages, cost of living and national income in Sweden 1860-1930. Vol. 2, part I
F-distribution as a model for income distribution : presented as a contributed paper at the European meeting of the Economic society in Budapest, September 5.-8.1972
If women counted : a new feminist economics
Northern lights on PISA 2009 : focus on reading
The distribution of economic well-being : conference on economic well-being, University of Michigan, 1974
Rich man, poor man
The revaluation of women's work
Nordic historical national accounts since the 1880s
National income and expenditure
PISA06 Finland : analyses, reflections and explanations
Unified Arab statistical abstract
Personal wealth from a global perspective
The stock-flow consistent approach : selected writings of Wynne Godley
An introduction to national income analysis
Labor supply and the distribution of economic well-being : a case study of Lesotho
