http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12190 pseudoscience
pseudoscience
"How do we know if a treatment works, or if something causes cancer? Can the claims of homeopaths ever be as true ? or as interesting as the improbable research into the placebo effect? Who created the MMR hoax? Do journalists understand science? Why do we seek scientific explanations for social, personal and political problems? Are alternative therapists and the pharmaceutical companies really so different, or do they just use the same old tricks to sell different types of pill? We are obsessed with our health. And yet ? from the media?s ?world-expert microbiologist? with a mail-order PhD in his garden shed laboratory, via multiple health scares and miracle cures, to the million pound trial that Durham Council now denies ever existed ? we are constantly bombarded with inaccurate, contradictory and sometimes even misleading information. Until now. Ben Goldacre masterfully dismantles the dodgy science behind some of the great drug trials, court cases and missed opportunities of our time, but he also goes further: out of the bulls---, he shows us the fascinating story of how we know what we know, and gives us the tools to uncover bad science for ourselves." - product description.
Intelligently designed : how creationists built the campaign against evolution
Encyclopedia of pseudoscience
Bad science : quacks, hacks, and big pharma flacks
Debunked! : ESP, telekinesis, and other pseudoscience
Mesmerized : powers of mind in Victorian Britain
Voodoo science : the road from foolishness to fraud
Bright-sided : how the relentless promotion of positive thinking has undermined America
Critical thinking, science, and pseudoscience : why we can't trust our brains
Archaeological fantasies : how pseudoarchaeology misrepresents the past and misleads the public
The scientific endeavor : a primer on scientific principles and practice
In Is that a fact? Dr. Joe Schwarcz helps you separate fact from fiction amid the storm of misinformation that today's media throws at us. Dr. Joe questions the reliability and the motives of "experts" in this engaging and critical look at what's fact and what's plain nonsense when it comes to deciding what to eat, what chemicals to avoid, and what's best for the environment.
The use and misuse of scientific concepts in psychology
The river of ink : media epistemology, ontology and imagology in the light of science, pseudoscience and technology material in six major Finnish newspapers in 1990 : a discourse analytical study
Are universes thicker than blackberries : discourses on Gödel, magic hexagrams, Little Red Riding Hood, and other mathematical and pseudoscientific topics
While exposing quack doctors and nutritionists, bogus credentialing programs, and biased scientific studies, the author takes the media to task for its willingness to throw facts and proof out the window in its quest to sell more copies. He also teaches you how to evaluate placebo effects, double-blind studies, and sample size, so that you can recognize bad science when you see it.
50 popular beliefs that people think are true
The unpersuadables : adventures with the enemies of science
Boundary-work and the vulnerability of academic status : the case of Finnish nursing science
Quantum leaps in the wrong direction : where real science ends and pseudoscience begins
The two fundamental problems of the theory of knowledge
Were the Chinese the first to discover America in 1421? Did Jesus and Mary Magdalene have children together? Did extra- terrestrials visit the Earth during prehistory and teach humans how to build pyramids and stone structures? These are only a few of the controversial and intriguing claims that Ronald Fritze investigates in this book.
Smile or die : how positive thinking fooled America and the world
The heretics : adventures with the enemies of science
Philosophy of pseudoscience : reconsidering the demarcation problem
Unauthorized Freud : doubters confront a legend
Science tales : lies, hoaxes, and scam
Strange linguistics : a skeptical linguist looks at non-mainstream ideas about language
" Tracing the growth of creationism in America as a political movement, this book explains why the particularly American phenomenon of anti-evolution has succeeded as a popular belief. Conceptualizing the history of creationism as a strategic public relations campaign, Edward Caudill examines why this movement has captured the imagination of the American public, from the explosive Scopes trial of 1925 to today's heated battles over public school curricula. Caudill shows how creationists have appealed to cultural values such as individual rights and admiration of the rebel spirit, thus spinning creationism as a viable, even preferable, alternative to evolution. In particular, Caudill argues that the current anti-evolution campaign follows a template created by Clarence Darrow and William Jennings Bryan, the Scopes trial's primary combatants. Their celebrity status and dexterity with the press prefigured the Moral Majority's 1980s media blitz, more recent staunchly creationist politicians such as Sarah Palin and Mike Huckabee, and creationists' savvy use of the Internet and museums to publicize their cause. Drawing from trial transcripts, media sources, films, and archival documents, Intelligently Designed highlights the importance of historical myth in popular culture, religion, and politics and situates this nearly century-old debate in American cultural history. "--
Denying AIDS : conspiracy theories, pseudoscience, and human tragedy
Science and pseudoscience in clinical psychology
"Tracing the growth of creationism in America as a political movement as opposed to a science-religion issue, this book explains why anti-evolution, this peculiarly American phenomenon, has succeeded, as measured in terms of popular appeal. Conceiving the history of creationism as a strategic public relations campaign, it emphasizes ways that media have been used to spin creationism as a viable, even preferable, alternative to evolution. Understanding creationists' campaigns means understanding their popularity and appeal in American culture. Beginning with the rise of fundamentalism in the early 20th century, Edward Caudill traces the movement through the rest of the 20th and into the 21st century. He illustrates how the 1925 Scopes trial created the contours of the modern debate over evolution. Its primary combatants--Clarence Darrow and William Jennings Bryan--became the celebrity representatives of opposing sides in the battle over teaching evolution in public schools. He then draws parallels between the media's role in the Scopes trial and subsequent political campaigns against evolution represented by Moral Majority of the 1980s, the 2005 cases in Kansas and Dover, PA, current anti-evolution politicians, such as Sara Palin and Mike Huckabee, and highlight creationism's recent gravitation toward museums and websites as a medium of communication. Caudill draws from media sources, trial transcripts, films, as well as the archives to highlight the importance of historical myth in popular culture, religion, and politics and situate this nearly century-old debate in American cultural history"--
The sound of one hand killing
Invented knowledge : false history, fake science and pseudo-religions
Why Freud was wrong : sin, science, and psychoanalysis
Everything you know about science is wrong
Is that a fact? : frauds, quacks, and the real science of everyday life
The Lomborg deception : setting the record straight about global warming
The church of scientology : a history of a new religion
Encyclopedia of dubious archaeology : from Atlantis to the Walam Olum
Scientology is one of the wealthiest and most powerful religions to emerge in the past century. This book demonstrates how Scientology has reflected the broader anxieties and obsessions of postwar America, and raises profound questions about how religion is defined and who gets to define it.
Pseudoscience and the paranormal : a critical examination of the evidence
The prevalence of humbug and other essays
Science and earth history : the evolution/creation controversy
Philosophy of science and the occult
The demon-haunted world : science as a candle in the dark
Order and surprise
Digging holes in popular culture : archaeology and science fiction
The Baltic origins of Homer's epic tales : the Iliad, the Odyssey, and the migration of myth
Interweaves personal memoir and investigative journalism with the latest neuroscience and experimental psychology research to reveal how the stories individuals tell themselves about the world shape their beliefs, leading to self-deception, toxic partisanship, and science denial.
Beyond the hoax : science, philosophy and culture
Nonsense on stilts : how to tell science from bunk
