http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12111 ferns
ferns Filicinae
Botanisk atlas = A botanical atlas. Bind 2, Mosser, bregner, padderokker, ulvefødder, naaletræer, nedstamning = Mosses, ferns, conifers, horsetails, lycopods, phylogeny
Abstract: Inari Lapland is situated in N Finland between 68° and 70° N. lat. (area c. 20,000 km²). It has been floristically studied by the authors since 1954; the Kevo Subarctic Research Station, established in 1957, has formed the base for most of the excursions. The bedrock consists chiefly of granulite, acid and poor in nutrients. The area is sparsely populated, and the influence of man is slight and restricted. The northern parts are dominated by subarctic and subalpine birch forests (Betula pubescens ssp. tortuosa) ; in the south, pine forests (Pinus sylvestris) are prevailing. The lower limit of treeless alpine areas varies approximately between 300 and 400 m. The relation of the floristic composition to elevation, northernliness, maritimity, bedrock, and human activities is discussed. - The total number of the floristically studied areas amounts to 2445. A total of 41 ferns and fern-allies, 2 subspecies and 2 hybrids are reported. A distribution map is given for each, and their general distribution, frequency in the area, vertical distribution, ecology, and relation to the soil, and to the human activities is discussed.
Evolutionary history and taxonomy of neotropical marattioid ferns : studies of an ancient lineage of plants
Mating system and distribution of enzyme genetic variation in bracken (Pteridium aquilinium)
The complete book of plant propagation
Guia de samambaias e licófitas da REBIO Uatumã - Amazônia Central = Guide to the ferns and lycophytes of REBIO Uatumã - Central Amazonia
A modern multilingual glossary for taxonomic pteridology
This technical paper presents a global review on the use of aquatic macrophytes as feed for farmed fish, with particular reference to their current and potential use by small-scale farmers. The review is organized under four major divisions of aquatic macrophytes: algae, floating macrophytes, submerged macrophytes and emergent macrophytes. Under floating macrophytes, Azolla, duckweeds and water hyacinths are discussed separately; the remaining floating macrophytes are grouped together and are reviewed as 'other floating macrophytes'. The review covers aspects concerned with the production and/or cultivation techniques and use of the macrophytes in their fresh and/or processed state as feed for farmed fish. Efficiency of feeding is evaluated by presenting data on growth, food conversion and digestibility of target fish species. Results of laboratory and field trials and on-farm utilization of macrophytes by farmed fish species are presented. The paper provides information on the different processing methods employed (including composting and fermentation) and results obtained to date with different species throughout the world with particular reference to Asia. Finally, it gives information on the proximate and chemical composition of most commonly occurring macrophytes, their classification and their geographical distribution and environmental requirements
Molteno ferns : late Triassic biodiversity in southern Africa
Taxonomic treatment of the fern genus Lindsaea Dryand. ex Sm. in Ecuador
American fern journal
Functional traits characterizing drought tolerance in tropical ferns
Hawaiian endemic fern lineage Diellia (Aspleniaceae) : distribution, population structure and ecology
Flora of the Guianas : series B: ferns and fern allies. Fasc. 3, Hymenophyllaceae
A survey of phenolic compounds in Dryopteris and related fern genera. Part. 2, Phloroglucinol derivatives in subgenus Dryopteris (Pteridophyta, Dryopteridaceae)
Biogeographical and ecological study of fern genus Danaea
Use of algae and aquatic macrophytes as feed in small-scale aquaculture : a review
Chromosome counts on the fern genus Gymnocarpium (Dryopteridaceae) from Finland
Ferns & fern-allies of Tripura (North East India)
Ecology : principles and applications
Flora of the Guianas : series B: ferns and fern allies. Fasc. 6, Dryopteridaceae, Nephrolepidaceae, Oleandraceae, Thelypteridaceae
Utilization of SDS-PAGE of whole cell proteins for characterization of Azolla species
Flora of the Guianas : series B: ferns and fern allies. Fasc. 4, Dennstaedtiaceae, Hymenophyllopsidaceae
Fern families and genera of China = Familiae generaque Pteridophytorum Sinicorum
Phloroglucinol derivatives in subgenera Erythrovaria and Nephrocystis and related taxa (Pteridophyta, Dryopteridaceae). Part 3, A survey of phenolic compounds in Dryopteris and relaxed fern genera
Genetic variation in the endangered fern Adiantum reniforme var. sinense (Adiantaceae) in China
The pteridophytes of Suriname : an enumeration with keys of the ferns and fern-allies
Welsh ferns : a descriptive handbook
Cryptogamic botany. Vol. 2, Bryophytes and pteridophytes
Gray's manual of botany : a handbook of the flowering plants and ferns of the Central and Northeastern United States and adjacent Canada
The Arabic plant names of Peter Forsskål's flora Aegyptiaco-Arabica
Ferns and fern allies of Texas
Mesoscale patterns in the species composition and distributions of rain forest plants
Ferns of Jamaica : a guide to the pteridophytes
New combinations in Haplopteris (Pteridophyta: Vittariaceae)
Green plants : their origin and diversity
Vascular flora of Inari Lapland. 1., Introduction and Lycopodiaceae - Polypodiaceae
A new species of Asplenium (Aspleniaceae, Pteridophyta) from Equatorial Guinea
Ferns and lycophytes in Amazonia : diversity patterns and usefulness as habitat indicators
Pteridophyta of Peru. Part 6, 22. Marsileaceae - 28. Isoetaceae
Flora of tropical East Africa. Dryopteridaceae
Four tropical, closely related fern species belonging to the genus Adiantum L. are genetically distinct as revealed by ISSR fingerprinting
Garden plants of Japan
Ecological variation in the rain forests of Peruvian Amazonia : integrating fern distribution patterns with satellite imagery
Flora of Surinam : (Dutch Guyana).. Suppl
New Phloroglucinol derivatives in Dryopteris subimpressa (Pteridophyta, Dryopteridaceae)
