http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12140 gross national product
gross national product
Analyzing changes in macro-level drivers of country-specific emissions : the role of consumption, technology and trade
Eurostat-OECD methodological manual on purchasing power parities
Sveriges nationalprodukt 1861-1951 = The gross domestic product of Sweden 1861-1951
China develops, growth slows
Uncertainty about the condition of the global economy increased in August-September. Concerns relate particularly to China, whose decelerating growth has unnerved the markets. In the Bank of Finland forecast, global growth will be 3.0%, 3.2% and 3.5% in 2015, 2016 and 2017, respectively. In addition to developments in China, the fact that world trade growth is past its peak weakens the outlook for the global economy compared with earlier predictions. There are downside risks to the forecast for the global economy..
International health expenditure and GDP : new multivariate cointegration data results
Kansantalouden tilinpito = National accounts. 1995-2001 : uudistetut taulukot = revised tables
Output gaps and the government budget balance : the case of Finland
Handbook of international economic statistics
Principles of macroeconomics
Trends in international distribution of gross world product
Macroeconomic essentials : understanding economics in the news
Kansantalouden tilinpito 2003 = Nationalräkenskaper 2003 = National accounts 2003.
Global growth remains sluggish
International comparison of gross domestic product in Europe
Decoupling in the transport sector : relative changes in CO2 emissions from transport and GDP in world countries 1975-2005
Annual national accounts
Integration and conditional convergence in the enlarged EU area
In Finland, economic growth has been weak since the onset of the financial crisis. According to the most recent forecast by the European Commission, GDP growth in Finland is expected to remain among the slowest in the euro area in the coming years - alongside Greece. The factors underlying the subdued development in GDP can be examined by comparing Finland with other small EU countries, i.e. the Netherlands, Belgium, Ireland, Austria, Sweden and Denmark. These countries constitute a meaningful peer group because they are relatively open economies with a similar degree of development..
Do measurement errors in GDP announcements cause output fluctuations?
World-wide purchasing power parity
Technology, duality, and foreign trade : the GNP function approach to modeling imports and exports
The world economy : a millennial perspective
Where is the wealth of nations? : measuring capital for the 21st century
The global economy is expected to grow by a full 3% annually in 2017-2018, i.e. only slightly faster than in 2016. World trade growth will remain slow relative to GDP growth, as in recent years. In the United States and China, economic growth will continue to be strong and will sustain global growth. A slight rise in the oil price will support gradual economic recovery in Russia. Euro area growth is expected to remain relatively brisk, driven by domestic demand. Brexit will cast a shadow over the growth outlook, particularly for the United Kingdom but also to some extent for the rest of Europe. Emerging economies will continue to develop at a relatively steady pace during the forecast period and are not expected to be much affected by the dip in European growth..
Faltering growth of Eastern Europe : Ranking of productivity and its dynamics
Macroeconomics : theory and policy
Economic outlook
Russia's economy and imports to contract further
What relationship exists between Macroeconomic indicators and house price changes in Finnish cities?
The world economy : a millenial perspective
Nokia : a big company in a small country
Sport as an industry in Finland : exploring the economic significance, contributions, and development of the sport sector as an industry
Studies in short-term national accounts and long-term economic growth
According to the most recent quarterly national accounts, real GDP in the first quarter of 2016 grew by 0.6% quarter on quarter and 1.6% year on year. The latest quarterly national accounts data signal similar economic developments for early 2016 than the data previously published, i.e. economic growth continued, supported by private investments and private consumption. Real GDP growth in the first quarter was slightly stronger than suggested by preliminary data. The figures for the fourth quarter of 2015 were also revised upward. The economy has now grown for two consecutive quarters..
Why is Finland trailing its peers?
Implications of the Asian crisis on estimating internationally comparable national income
Improving school leadership. Vol. 1, Policy and practice
Summary (s. 9-13).
Using the Yield Curve in Predicting Real Economic Growth : Application to Finland
As projected in earlier forecasts, Chinese economic growth continues to slow. 2015 GDP growth overall should average around 7 % p.a., and then the growth is expected to fall to around 6 % p.a. in 2016 and 2017. China faces the challenge of creating new engines of growth and managing its existing problems. This calls for determined reforms that inevitably will also bring about various kind of disturbances in the economy. Given decelerating growth and rising indebtedness, the risk that the Chinese economy underperforms this forecast is rising..
Measuring the wealth of nations : the political economy of national accounts
Gross Domestic Product as a Modern-day Economic Indicator
Does debt relief lead to economic growth?
On Finland's economic growth and convergence with Sweden and the EU15 in the 20th century
Is there a Laffer curve between aggregate output and public sector employment
Why are more redistributive social security systems smaller? : a median voter approach
The Finnish economy 1960-1985 : growth and structural change
Economic and social survey of Asia and the Pacific : 2006 : energizing the global economy
The Bank of Finland forecasts a global growth rate of 2.8% in 2016, rising only slightly to 3.2% in 2017-2018. The growth pick-up reflects a recovery of the emerging economies suffering from the recession. World trade growth in the forecast period will be close to world GDP growth. The forecasts for the United States and the EU22 are more moderate than previously, but growth should still exceed the estimated potential growth rate. The growth forecast for China in 2016-2017 remains at 6%, from which it is expected to slow to 5% in 2018..
Money, income and employment
Executive summary.
Despite increased economic and market uncertainty, China's GDP statistics still point to almost 7% growth, which is in line with official growth targets. According to the statistics, the deceleration of growth has been very smooth. This has once again raised suspicions over the reliability of Chinese GDP data. However, although there is much room for improvement in the coverage and transparency of the Chinese statistics, recent studies do not generally find evidence of significant or systematic falsification of GDP figures..
Full Product Transparency (FTP) is a clear mechanism for showing the environmental impacts of your products and it has been shown to revolutionise and align consumer behaviour, supply chains, policy-making and reporting. This DoShort will provide you with an understanding of how this works and how to implement FTP in your organization.
The macroeconomic environment
New perspectives on economic growth and technological innovation
The economic accounts of the European Union 1996
The new geography of global income inequality
A community of fifteen : key figures
Productivity in Scandinavia in the 20th century : a comparative view
Effects of the oil price on Finnish economy
GDP : a brief but affectionate history
National accounts for the first quarter of 2016.
Regions : statistical yearbook 2000
According to the most recent quarterly national accounts, real GDP in the first quarter of 2015 contracted by 0.1% quarter on quarter but remained unchanged year on year. The quarterly national accounts data signal a broadly similar economic development to the indicator data previously published, i.e. the economy was continuing to contract..
Finnish GNP-series 1954/1-1990/4 : small shock persistance or trend stationarity? : some evidence with variance ratio estimates
Convergence : The Concept and its Empirical Evidence among the Member States of the European Union : The Evaluation of the Impact of the Newest Enlargement and the Extent of Trade on Convergence Process
GDP growth in Russia : Different Capital Stock Series and the Terms of Trade
Uncertainty in global economy has increased
Purchasing power parities and real expenditures in the Baltic countries : European Comparison Programme 1993.
Mismeasuring our lives : why GDP doesn't add up
National accounts for the third quarter of 2015.
The gross domestic product of Sweden and its composition 1861-1955
Full product transparency : cutting the fluff out of sustainability
In the wake of a second export price shock late last year, the Bank of Finland now expects Russian GDP to contract 3% in 2016. Our new forecast assumes the price of oil averages slightly over $40 a barrel this year, about 60% below the 2014 average. With the economy shrinking and depressed export earnings, Russian imports should fall another 10% this year..
Intangible capital - driver of growth in Europe
Forecasting inflation and GDP growth : automatic leading indicator (ALI) method versus Macro Econometric Structural Models (MESMs) Duo Qin...[et al.]
Economics today : the macro view
The UK enjoys stable and strong economic growth
Are Chinese GDP statistics reliable?
Structural change in US newsprint demand : GDP and price elasticities
World trade grew for decades considerably faster than global GDP. In recent years, the growth of international trade has slowed to the level of the GDP growth rate. Is the most hectic phase of globalisation already history? It would seem that, in the latter part of the first post-millennium decade, it was for the most part permanent structural factors that took centre stage, while transitory cyclical factors played only a minor role. Forecasts suggest world trade growth relative to global GDP is not likely to gain significant momentum in the immediate years ahead..
Economic contribution of copyright-based industries in Finland 2005-2008
Principles of marcroeconomics
On 4 December 2015, Statistics Finland published advance quarterly national accounts data containing the latest statistical data on Finnish economic developments in the third quarter of 2015..
Quarterly national accounts
National accounts statistics. Main aggregates and detailed tables
The World Bank atlas
Nominal income as an intermediate target for monetary policy
Convergence of real GDP per capita in the EU15 area : how do the accession countries fit in?
Expenditure trends in OECD countries 1960-1980
Achievement of the employment objective requires faster economic growth
Economic contribution of copyright-based industries in Finland 2009-2012
Volkswirtschaftliche Gesamtrechnungen = Comptes nationaux = Conti nationali = Nationale rekeningen = National accounts
Regional economic repercussions of an economic crisis : a sectoral analysis
Why has world trade slowed?
Economic growth, welfare and and sustainable development
Difficulties in emerging economies weigh on global growth
IQ and the wealth of nations
Current issues in resource accounting
Oil price shocks and the macroeconomy in Finland
Purchasing power parities and gross domestic product in real terms : results 1985 = Parités de pouvoir d'achat et produit intérieur brut réel : résultats 1985
National accounts for the first quarter of 2015.
Two hundred years ago, the first Industrial Revolution sparked a dramatic acceleration in the quantity of goods and services available to the average citizen--a trend of steadily increasing real income per capita that continues to this day. Since that time, economists have struggled to develop systematic explanations for what caused the sudden, rapid increase, why the economy keeps growing, and why the rate of growth varies in different time periods and nations. In this book, F. M. Scherer traces the evolution of economic growth theory from the Industrial Revolution to the present. Emphasizing technological change as the most crucial dynamic force for growth, Scherer analyzes early hypotheses that paid little attention to new technologies, follows the emergence of theories that increasingly emphasized technological change, and reviews the current state of economic growth theory. Pointing out a lack of solid microbehavioral foundations to support contemporary "new growth" ideas, Scherer then supplies some foundational "bricks" concerning financial investment and human capital, and concludes by exploring the prospects for sustaining rapid growth into the next century. F. M. Scherer is Aetna Professor of Public Policy and Corporate Management in the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University and former chief economist of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. His numerous publications include Competition Policies for an Integrated World Economy (Brookings, 1994).
"The surprising finding of this book is that, contrary to conventional wisdom, global income inequality is decreasing. Critics of globalization and others maintain that the spread of consumer capitalism is dramatically polarizing the worldwide distribution of income. But as the demographer Glenn Firebaugh carefully shows, income inequality for the world peaked in the late twentieth century and is now heading downward because of declining income inequality across nations. Furthermore, as income inequality declines across nations, it is rising within nations (though not as rapidly as it is declining across nations). Firebaugh claims that this historic transition represents a new geography of global income inequality in the twenty-first century."--Jacket.
One of the key objectives of the Government Programme is to raise the employment rate to 72% by the end of the parliamentary term. This means increasing the current number of people in employment by just over 100,000 by the end of 2019. If near-term economic growth is to remain around 1%, i.e. as foreseen in the baseline forecast, achievement of the objective will be unlikely. On the basis of the alternative scenario, attainment of the employment objective in the Government Programme requires markedly faster economic growth than at present. GDP growth in 2017-2019 should average 2.5% annually, i.e. about 1.3 percentage points faster than the baseline suggests, in order for the objective to be attained..
