http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12192 Amish
Amish
Our Amish neighbors
The dead will tell
Highly acclaimed in previous editions - with more than 85,000 copies in print - this classic work by John Hostetler has been expanded and updated to reflect current research on Amish history and culture, as well as the new concerns of Amish communities throughout North America. In this fourth edition of Amish Society, Hostetler takes the reader inside Amish culture and explains the nature of Amish religious beliefs and ceremonies, community and family life, tensions with worldly values, and interactions with outsiders. He offers updated information on a variety of topics, including Amish population trends, land use and farming practices, and relations with the state. Amish communities - found primarily in Pennsylvania, Ohio, and Indiana - continue to attract millions of tourists each year. Yet most visitors, misled by stereotypes and commercial attractions, do not have the opportunity to understand the Amish as they really are. Indeed, the simple dress and traditional habits of the Amish tend to mask the complexity of their way of life. John Hostetler's portrait of the Amish people effectively captures the depth and diversity of their enduring culture. John A. Hostetler is the author of "Amish Roots: A Treasury of History, Wisdom, and Lore" and "Hutterite Society", both available from Johns Hopkins.
The amish
Amish literacy : what and how it means
The riddle of Amish culture
Plain diversity : Amish cultures and identities
The world of amish quilts
A gift of grace
The authors argue that the intensely private and insular Amish have devised creative ways to negotiate with modernity that have enabled them to thrive in America. The transformation of the Amish in the American imagination from "backward bumpkins" to media icons poses provocative questions. What does the Amish story reveal about the American character, popular culture, and mainstream values? Richly illustrated, The Amish is the definitive portrayal of the Amish in America in the twenty-first century.
Sunshine and shadow : The amish and their quilts
Strangers at home : Amish and Mennonite women in history
Amish : the art of the quilt
Breaking silence
Plain perfect : a Daughters of the promise novel
20 most asked questions about the amish and mennonites
How to make an Amish quilt : more than 80 beautiful patterns from the quilting heartland of America
The Amish struggle with modernity
Crossing over : one woman’s exodus from Amish life
Growing up Amish
The language of textiles : description and judgement in textile pattern composition
Among the Amish
The Anabaptist idea and the way of practicing care : reconsidering the meaning of life in the 21st century
Amish society
Growing up Amish : the Rumspringa years
Growing up Amish : a memoir
A quiet and peaceable life
Elfrieda, a world-renowned pianist, glamorous, wealthy, happily married: she wants to die. Yolandi, divorced, broke, sleeping with the wrong men as she tries to find true love: she desperately wants to keep her older sister alive. But Elf's latest suicide attempt is a shock: she is three weeks away from the opening of her highly anticipated international tour. Can she be nursed back to "health" in time? Does it matter? As the situation becomes ever more complicated, Yoli faces the most terrifying decision of her life.
The Amish
Quilts from the indiana amish
An Amish Christmas : December in Lancaster County ; three Amish Christmas novellas
Who are the amish?
Amish women : lives and stories
Redemption
Garden spot : Lancaster county, the old order Amish, and the selling of rural America
The quilt digest. [1]
Plain pursuit : a Daughters of the promise novel
Amish quilt patterns
Abstract: The old Amish quilt : an attempt to transform a tradition.
Amish quilts
Growing up amish : a memoir
Amish crib quilts
Plain promise : a Daughters of the promise novel
All my puny sorrows
The Amish in the American imagination
Small amish quilt patterns
Decorative arts of the Amish of Lancaster country
The love letters
Amish doll quilts : Dolls, and other playthings
A history of the Amish
The Amish quilt
Selling the Amish : the tourism of nostalgia
Amish enterprise : from plows to profits
For the reputation of truth : politics, religion, and conflict among the Pennsylvania Quakers, 1750-1800
The Amish school
World dress
Thrill of the chaste : the allure of Amish romance novels
Murder freshly baked
The Amish wedding and other special occasions of the old order communities
The Amish and the state
Amish peace : simple wisdom for a complicated world
