http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12193 growth models
growth models
Scots pine transfer effect models for growth and survival in Sweden and Finland
Abstract.
Growth and yield models for Eucalyptus camaldulensis in the marracuene region, Mozambique
Diversity and pattern in plant communities
Essays on the economics of intellectual property rights
Intellectual property protection strength in a "Pool of knowledge"
Prediction of Scots pine increment using a multivariate variance component model
A method for risk analysis in cereals
Adaptation of light interaction computations to stand growth models
Post-harvest height growth of Norway spruce seedlings in northern Finland peatland forest canopy gaps and comparison to partial and complete canopy removals and plantations
Predicting crop phenology
Simulation and systems management in crop protection
Estimating individual tree growth using non-parametric methods
An integrated simulation model of hay growth, harvesting and barn drying
A method for using random parameters in analyzing permanent sample plots
Local models for forest canopy cover with beta regression
Application of data from permanent experiments and forest inventories in the development of growth models applied in forest management planning
An economic analysis of hardwood treatment in Loblolly pine plantations - a whole rotation dynamic programming approach
Modeling plant and soil systems
Aging in a currency union with endogenous growth
Growth and phenology of hybrid aspen clones (Populus tremula L. x Populus tremuloides Michx.)
The potential, cost-efficiency and impacts of intensified management of Finnish forests for next 100 years were assessed using a national-level scenario analysis. This document serves as a technical description of the applied models and methods, but also includes a brief synthesis of the results. Data from the 10th Finnish National Forest Inventory was used to forecast the consequences of alternative management scenarios. Four final scenarios were constructed using MOTTI stand simulator and linear programming package J. Business-as-usual -scenario was compared to three other options that aimed either at high quality raw material, intensive management resulting both quantity and quality of timber, or at low-cost-low-output (extensive) forestry. If the intensity of forest management will remain at the current level, the growing stock will increase. Increasing amount of high quality raw material for forest industry can be produced but it necessitates also increase in annual management practices. For example, treatment areas of young stand management should be doubled compared to current areas in order to maintain or increase cutting removals of high quality wood. It is possible to increase annual removals in a sustainable manner by applying more intensive forest management that also improves profitability nearly 50%. The annual removals can be ca. 40% higher than the current level, and the annual energy wood removal can be over 10 mill m3. Despite increased removals, sustainable wood and biomass production during next 100 years can be achieved. Intensively managed forest are more efficient capturing carbon from atmosphere than extensively managed forests, but the climate impacts depend on the use of removed carbon (end-products made from the removed wood biomass).
Modelling spatial dependence in an irregular natural forest
Modeling Forest Growth with Management Data: A Matrix Approach for the Italian Alps
Essays on information and communications technology, structural change, and economic growth
Spatial turns of manufacturing since 1970.
Latent growth curve modeling
Economic-ecological interactions in sustainable use of forest resources
An outline of a system of individual tree growth models for ecological applications in multipurpose forestry planning
Early stages of technology intensive companies
Process-based models and forest management
Modelling forest growth and yield : applications to mixed tropical forests
Multilevel linear mixed model for tree diameter increment in stone pine (Pinus pinea) : a calibrating approach
Forest simulation systems : proceedings of the IUFRO Conference November 2-5, 1988 Berkeley, CA
Estimation of agricultural crop production using satellite information = Satelliittikuvien käyttö maatalouden sadontuotannon arvioinnissa
Research on growth and yield with emphasis on mixed stands : proceedings from Sessions of S4.01 "Mensuration, Growth and Yield" at the IUFRO CENTENNIAL Meeting Berlin/Eberswalde, Germany August 31-September 4, 1992
Scenario analysis for the biomass supply potential and the future development of Finnish forest resources
A review of growth and yield models for plantation forests in eastern and Southern Africa
Cost-plus-loss analyses of forest inventory strategies based on kNN-assigned reference sample plot data
Patterns as the basis for forest modelling
Mathematical modelling of forest ecosystems : proceedings of a workshop organized by Forstliche Versuchsanstalt Rheinland-Pfalz and Zentrum für Praktische Mathematik Lambrecht/Pfalz, May 27-31, 1991
The allocation of carbohydrates
Calculation system for large-scale forest inventory
Growth and yield models in simulation: some historical perspectives
Plant growth modeling for resource management. Vol 1, Current models and methods
Conceptual analysis and an insider's empirical case of growth venturing for sustainability
Creating a learning society : a new approach to growth, development, and social progress
Analysis of growth and yield of Pinus sylvestris L. and Picea abies (L.) Kars. in Finland, Lithuania and Spain using two different models
In this study, we developed models of transfer effects for growth and survival of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) in Sweden and Finland using a general linear mixed-model approach. For model development, we used 378 provenance and progeny trials with a total of 276 unimproved genetic entries (provenances and stand seed check-lots) distributed over a wide variety of climatic conditions in both countries. In addition, we used 119 progeny trials with 3921 selected genetic entries (open- and control pollinated plus-tree families) for testing model performance. As explanatory variables, both climatic indices derived from high-resolution gridded climate datasets and geographical variables were used. For transfer, latitude (photoperiod) and, for describing the site, temperature sum were found to be main drivers for both survival and growth. In addition, interaction terms (between transfer in latitude and site altitude for survival, and transfer in latitude and temperature sum for growth) entail changed reaction patterns of the models depending on climatic conditions of the growing site. The new models behave in a way that corresponds well to previous studies and recommendations for both countries. The model performance was tested using selected plus-trees from open and control pollinated progeny tests. Results imply that the models are valid for both countries and perform well also for genetically improved material. These models are the first step in developing common deployment recommendations for genetically improved forest regeneration material in both Sweden and Finland..
Forestry futures : proceedings of Midwestern forest mensurationists, great lakes forest growth and yield cooperative, and the Forestry Canada modeling working group joint workshop Sault Ste. Marie Ontario August 20-23, 1991
Capital accumulation and employment cycles in a model of creative destruction
In this article, the geographical transformation of the Finnish manufacturing sector since the 1970s is analysed. Changes in manufacturing employment by municipalities are used as central indicators of the transformation. The urban-rural shift, deindustralisation, and emergence of the new economy have all occurred during the last three decades.A trend surface analysis indicates that manufacturing employment increased all over the country in the 1970s. The growth was higher the more northern and eastern the municipality's location. This pattern was conformable to the goals of the Finnish regional policy of the 1970s. Deindustrialisation plagued the economy from the early 1980s to the mid-1990s, and its negative labour force impacts were focused especially on the southern mature industrial cities. The industrial policy of the 1980s was without much result. Finally, the crisis of the early 1990s ruined a considerable part of industrial performance everywhere in the country. The era of telecommunications-driven economic growth in the 1990s led to the geographical pattern of growing employment in few urban areas and some localities adjacent to cities. The long, vigorous growth period (up to the year 2001), comparable with the growth of the late 1960s and early 1970s, diffused to rural municipalities, but the geographical pattern of this boom was oriented more towards the west and south than in the 1970s.
Estimating forest growth and carbon balance based on climate-sensitive forest growth model and remote sensing data
Predicting the growth response to thinning for Scots pine stands using individual-tree growth models
Toddler care book : a complete guide from 1 to 5 years old
The Lignum functional-structural tree model
Transcriptional regulation of endothelial lipase and the role of VEGF-A in lipid metabolism
The most similar neighbour reference in the yield prediction of Pinus kesiya stands in Zambia
Timing and intensity of precommercial thinning and their effects on the first commercial thinning in Scots pine stands
Dynamics of biological systems
Equilibrium curves and growth models to deal with forests in transition to uneven-aged structure : application in two sample stands
Assessment of fuelwood resources in acacia woodlands in the Rift Valley of Ethiopia : towards the development of planning tools for sustainable management
Analyses of the growth of Scots pine : matching structure with function
Growth model for mini-rotation plantations = Lyhytkiertoviljelmän kasvumalli
Height growth, site index, and carbon metabolism
Recruitment models for Norway spruce, Scots pine, birch and other broadleaves in young growth forests in Norway
Plant growth modeling for resource management. Vol. 2, Quantifying plant processes
Evaluation of importance of sapwood senescence on tree growth using the model lignum
Forest dynamics : SILVI-STAR: a comprehensive monitoring system
Effects of CO2 increase and climate change in growth and development of Scots pine forests : a modelling study
Growth analysis defining plant and weather interactions in timothy, meadowfescue and red clover mixture in Northern Sweden
Ecological forest management handbook
Growth models for uneven-aged stands
Impacts of climate change on forest growth : a modelling approach with application to management
Photosynthate allocation and soil nitrogen: a model study
Resource and market projections for forest policy development : twenty-five years experience with the US RPA Timber Assessment
The construction of European pine stand model
Effects of air impurities on forest growth and tree mortality: results based on a computer model
Challenges for growth in small Finnish software firms : a multiple-case study
A dynamic model for prediction of developmental rate of the pot plant Senecio x hybridus Hyl
Distance-dependent models for predicting the development of mixed coniferous forests in Finland
Condition, growth, and projected yield of lodgepole pine and interior spruce 20 years after rehabilitation of an understocked site in north-central British Columbia : the Stony Lake trial
Optimal management of the Umbundu traditional land use system in the central Highlands region of Angola
Establishment and height development of harvested and naturally regenerated Scots pine near the timberline in North-East Finnish Lapland
Generating 3D sawlogs with a process-based growth model
Site quality curves for birch stands in north-western Spain
Modelling trees, stands and forests : proceedings of a workshop in August 1985 at the University of Melbourne. Organised by Research Working Group No. 2 (Mensuration and Management) of the Australian Forestry Council, Forestry Section , The University of Melbourne and CSIRO Division of Forest Research
Crop loss assessment and pest management
Thinning response and thinning bias in a young Scots pine stand
Modelling the growth and properties of stem and wood of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) as related to silvicultural management with implications for sawing yield and properties of sawn pieces
Growth of annual dicotyledonous weeds : analyses using relative growth rate (RGR) and unit production ratio (UPR)
Effect of species composition on economic return in amixed stand of Norway spruce and Scots Pine
Forest growth and yield modeling
SIMO : adaptable simulation and optimization for forest management planning
A simplified carbon partitioning model for Scots pine to address the effects of altered needle longevity and nutrient uptake on stand development
Comparison of thinning methods in a Scots pine stand on drained peatland : a simulation study
Spatial growth model for Scots pine on drained peatland
The growing business handbook : inspiration & advice from successful entrepreneurs & fast growing UK companies
A model for implementing sustainable and qualitative growth in the EU
Stand management assistant (SMA) : a tool for designing stand management guidelines based on stochastic optimization
Modeling structural-functional relationships in whole-tree growth : resource allocation
Growth models for predicting stand development
Growth trends in European forests : studies from 12 countries
Cardiological studies in mice : special emphasis on gene therapy, imaging and ECG findings
Theoretical production ecology: reflections and prospects
Process-based modelling of tree and stand growth : towards a hierarchical treatment of multiscale processes
Simulation of ecophysiological processes of growth in several annual crops
Tree stand development and carbon sequestration in drained peatland stands in Finland : a simulation study
Summary.
Plant and crop modelling : a mathematical approach to plant and crop physiology
Analysis of growth and yield of Pinus sylvestris L. and  Picea abies (L.) Kars. in Finland, Lithuania and Spain using two different models
A process-based growth model for the grass stage pine seedlings
Individual-tree basal area growth models for scots pine, pubescent birch and Norway spruce on drained peatlands in Finland
Influence of autumn cutting time and weather on growth potential and growth of timothy (Phleum pratense L.) and red clover (Trifolium pratense L.)
An aggregated, process-based stand growth model
Updating stand level inventory data applying growth models and visual interpretation of aerial photographs
Estimating individual tree growth with the k-nearest neighbour and k-most similar neighbour methods
Multilevel modelling of height growth in young Norway spruce plantations in southern Finland
Structural analyses of Scots pine stand for process based stand growth models
Integrating forest information over space and time : [proceedings of the] IUFRO Conference 13-17 January, 1992 Canberra, Australia
Modern methods for auxological screening of growth disorders in children
"Completely updated and expanded new edition of this widely cited book, Modelling Forest Growth and Yield, 2nd Edition synthesizes current scientific literature, provides insights in how models are constructed, gives suggestions for future developments, and outlines keys for successful implementation of models. The book describes current modeling approaches for predicting forest growth and yield and explores the components that comprise the various modeling approaches. It provides the reader with the tools for evaluating and calibrating growth and yield models and outlines the steps necessary for developing a forest growth and yield model".
International symposium on growth and yield control in vegetable production, Berlin, German Democratic Republic, May 22-25, 1989
Testing a large-scale forestry scenario model by means of successive inventories on a forest property
Forecasting probability distributions of forest yield allowing for Bayesian approach to management planning
Willow growth as a function of climate, water and nitrogen
Evaluation of growth models used in the Swedish Forest Planning System Heureka
State and change of forest ecosystems - Indicators in current research : proceedings from the ESF workshop. What properties of a forest ecosystem give the best information on state and change, March 21-24, 1983, Uppsala, Sweden
Growth analysis of timothy, meadow fescue and red clover mixture in northern Sweden
Optimal harvesting for even-aged Norway spruce stands using an individual-tree growth model
