http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12163 building blocks (playthings)
building blocks (playthings)
Brick wonders : ancient, modern, and natural wonders made from LEGO
Brick vehicles : amazing air, land, and sea machines to build from LEGO®
Making toys that teach : with step-by-step instructions and plans
Beautiful Lego® : wild!
The unofficial LEGO Mindstorms NXT 2.0 inventor's guide
The LEGO neighborhood book : build your own town!
50 years of the Lego brick
The Lego build-it-book. Vol. 2, More amazing vehicles
Fantastic contraptions
The cult of Lego
Build your own galaxy : the big unofficial Lego builder's book
LEGO awesome ideas
The Lego ideas book : you can build anything!
LEGO DC comics super heroes : character encyclopedia
Constructional toys
Standing small : a celebration of 30 years of the lego minifigure
This "volume of the...Lego builders' books series addresses beginners as well as skilled builders who want to improve their building techniques and create individual and lifelike buildings, vehicles and all kinds of other fancy designs. Step-by-step instructions help the reader to come up with their own personal Lego masterpiece. The authors clearly demonstrate how to build 'around the corner' or put Lego bricks together so no studs can be seen from the outside. Furthermore cobblestone pavement or various buildings consisting of skeleton framing elements can be created. Plenty of new modules can be created when people start using the bricks for purposes other than intended / WorldCat.
Brick wonders : ancient, natural & modern marvels in LEGO
Architecture on the carpet : the curious tale of construction toys and the genesis of modern building
The unofficial Lego builder's guide
Lego Star Wars visual dictionary
Cool creations in 35 pieces
The Lego build-it-book. Vol. 1, Amazing vehicles
Exploring learning : young children and blockplay
Brick flicks : 60 cult movie scenes & posters made from Lego
The Lego adventure book : cars, castles, dinosaurs & more!
Cool cars and trucks
The LEGO handbook : everything you need to know about LEGO
LEGO Ninjago : masters of spinjitzu : character encyclopedia
The Lego adventure book. 3, Robots, planes, cities & more!
Building robots with Lego® MindstormsTM : the ultimate tool for Mindstorms maniacs!
Just brick it
Build your own Lego vehicles
The unofficial LEGO Technic builder's guide
LEGO® collector : collector's guide = Sammler Katalog
Brick by brick : how LEGO rewrote the rules of innovation and conquered the global toy industry
Lego Star Wars : the visual dictionary
Presents the LEGO action figures based on the DC universe, describing each figure and vehicle, their variations, when they were made, and the playsets in which they appear / WorldCat.
"What can you build with just 35 LEGO bricks? Sean Kenney shows you 75 models he has made using some of the most common pieces available. Follow the instructions, tips, and techniques to create whatever you can imagine"--Page [4] of cover.
Lego tips, tricks, and building techniques : the big unofficial Lego builders book
The unofficial lego builder's guide
The LEGO architect
Ninjago, masters of Spinjitzu : the visual dictionary
A constructivist approach to block play in early childhood
Unleash your imagination as you journey through the wide-ranging world of LEGO building. Filled with bright visuals, step-by-step breakdowns of 40 models and nearly 150 example models from the world's best builders. Learn to build robots, planes, cities, and much more. Whether you're brand-new to LEGO or have been building for years, this book is sure to spark your imagination and motivate you to keep creating!. / WorldCat.
The Lego adventure book. 2, spaceships, pirates, dragons & more!
Helps readers harness the capabilities of the LEGO MINDSTORMS NXT set and effectively plan, build, and program NXT 2.0 robots, offering an overview of the pieces in the NXT set, practical building techniques, instruction on the official NXT-G programming language, and step-by-step instructions for building, programming, and testing a variety of sample robots.
Uses LEGO models to explore Neoclassical, Art Deco, Brutalist, Modernist, and other architectural styles. Each chapter includes a discussion of the architectural movement, photographs of famous real-life buildings, and a gallery of LEGO models, with step-by-step building instructions / WorldCat.
Lego DC comics super heroes : character encyclopedia
How to hire and develop your next top performer : the five qualities that make salespeople great
Brick wonders : ancient, natural & modern marvels in LEGO®
Brick wheels : amazing air, land & sea machines to build from LEGO®
365 things to do with LEGO® bricks
The LEGO book
Music of the spheres : from prototyping to product realization
