http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p121 sagas
sagas
Sagas and popular antiquarianism in Icelandic archaeology
The sagas of Icelanders : a selection
Sturlunga saga including the Islendinga saga of lawman Sturla Thordsson and other works
Skaldsagas : text, vocation, and desire in the Icelandic sagas of poets
Njals saga, the greatest of the sagas of the Icelanders, was written around 1280. It tells the story of a complex feud, that starts innocently enough in a tiff over seating arrangement at a local feast, and expands over the course of 20 years to engulf half the country, in which both sides are effectively exterminated, Njal and his family burned to death in their farmhouse, the other faction picked off over the entire course of the feud. Law and feud feature centrally in the saga, Njal, its hero, being the greatest lawyer of his generation. No reading of the saga can do it justice unless it takes its law, its feuding strategies, as well as the author's stunning manipulation and saga conventions. In 'Why is your axe bloody' W.I. Miller offers a lively, entertaining, and completely orignal personal reading of this lengthy saga.
The Nine Saga Studies collected in this volume concern such diverse topics as masculinity, dreams, ghosts, and education in witchcraft. Together they form an attempt to take saga scholarship into a new direction with a strong focus on both highly modern and classical human concerns and emotions, away from the traditional emphasis on origins and authorship.
On the sources of the Ásmundarsaga kappabana
Dialogues with tradition : studying the Nordic saga heritage
The academy of Odin : selected papers on old Norse literature
"The medieval Norse-Icelandic saga is one of the most important European vernacular literary genres of the Middle Ages. This Introduction to the saga genre outlines its origins and development, its literary character, its material existence in manuscripts and printed editions, and its changing reception from the Middle Ages to the present time. Its multiple sub-genres - including family sagas, mythical-heroic sagas and sagas of knights - are described and discussed in detail, and the world of medieval Icelanders is powerfully evoked. The first general study of the Old Norse-Icelandic saga to be written in English for some decades, the Introduction is based on up-to-date scholarship and engages with current debates in the field. With suggestions for further reading, detailed information about the Icelandic literary canon, and a map of medieval Iceland, this book is aimed at students of medieval literature and assumes no prior knowledge of Scandinavian languages"
The Wineland millennium : saga and evidence
"Speak useful words or say nothing" : Old Norse studies
Abstract.
Categorizing otherness in the kings' sagas
The destruction of Da Derga's hostel : kingship and narrative artistry in a mediaeval Irish saga
The story of Jonatas in Iceland
Saga af Viktor ok Blavus : a fifteenth century Icelandic Lygusaga
The Norse Atlantic saga : being the Norse voyages of discovery and settlement to Iceland, Greenland, America
The use of magic in transformations, weather and entrapments by Finnar, Bjarmar and other inhabitants of the north in the fornaldarsögur (ca. 1200-1400)
Searcing for the Sami in early Icelandic sources
Evil and the earth : the symbolic background of Mörđr Valgarđsson in Njáls saga : a study in medieval allegory
Heimskringla : history of the kings of Norway
Faroe-Islander saga : a new English translation
The saga mind
Eirik the Red and other Icelandic sagas
The Edda songs and sagas of Iceland : a lecture by George Browning
The Faber book of northern legends
Grendel's mother : the saga of the Wyrd-Wife
Icelandic histories & romances
The problem of Icelandic saga origins : a historical survey
Egil the viking poet : new approaches to Egil's saga
Studies in the Gísla saga
Magic and kingship in Medieval Iceland : the construction of a discourse of political resistance
Eddas and sagas : Icelands̓ medieval literature
Heimskringla, or the chronicle of the kings of Norway. Vol. 2
The story of Burnt Njal
Vo̜lsunga saga : The saga of the Volsungs : the Icelandic text according to MS Nks 1824 b, 4°
Jómsvíkinga saga = The saga of the Jomsvikings
Categorizing otherness in the Kings' Sagas
Bibliography of the Icelandic sagas and minor tales
The saga of Grettir the strong
Iceland : land of the sagas
Kings' sagas and Norwegian history : problems and perspectives
Inclinate aurem : oral perspectives on early European verbal culture : a symposium
Sagas about Icelanders : Exhibition of a book : exhibition catalogue
Sagas, saints and settlements
Karlamagnús saga = The saga of Charlemagne and his heroes. Vol. 3, [Parts V-X]
Sturlunga saga : including the Islendinga saga of lawman Sturla Thordsson and other works. 1
Eyrbyggja saga : the vellum tradition
Creating the medieval saga : versions, variability and editorial interpretations of Old Norse saga literature
Njáls saga and its Christian background : a study of narrative method
Old Norse-Icelandic literature : a short introduction
Saints and sagas : a symposium
Heimskringla, or the chronicle of the kings of Norway. Vol. 1
Messages from the otherworld : the roles of the dead in medieval Iceland
Two heroes of Nordic epics : Kaukomieli and Grettir the Strong
The Saga of Olaf Tryggvason
Younger Icelandic manuscripts and Old Norse studies
Sturlunga saga : including the Islendinga saga of lawman Sturla Thordsson and other works. 2
Irish sagas and folk-tales
The sagas of Kormák and The sworn brothers
"Eigi er sá heill, er í augun verkir" : eye pain in thirteenth- and fourteenth-century Íslendingasögur
Njáls saga : a critical introduction
The social life of dreams : a thousand years of negotiated meanings in Iceland
Women and their lives as portrayed in the writings of Anglo-Saxon England and Medieval Iceland
The illustrated guide to viking martial arts
A genuinely unique European treasure, this volume bristles with the Viking verses of Rognvaldr, Earl of Orkney, recorded in Orkneyinga Saga. Full of highly stylised, often grotesque images, Ian Crockatt's masterly translations convey the skill, vigour and daring of the original. Skaldic poetry is one of the most elaborate and original in European literature and this collection finally brings it to the deserved attention of the English-language reader. Rich narratives and old Norse mythology blend with familiar place-names and landscapes to create a peculiarly alluring, sometimes comic, world that never quite settles around the reader. Spirited and generous, these poems give us precious glimpses of a life lived to the full.
The growth of the medieval Icelandic sagas (1180-1280)
The universal vampire : origins and evolution of a legend
The partisan muse in the early Icelandic sagas (1200-1250)
Between paganism and Christianity in the North
Feud in the Icelandic saga
The sagas of the Viking kings : Heimskringla
The trolls in Bárðar saga - playing with the conventions of oral texts?
Categorising Christ within an age-ǫld paradigm : : the 'kenning system' and shifting cultural referents
Eddas and sagas : Iceland ́s medieval literature
Icelandic sagas and manuscripts
Where the shadows lie
Icelanders and the kings of Norway : mediaeval sagas and legal texts
Norse mythology : legends of gods and heroes
Sigvatr Þórðarson's Vestrfaravísu and Cnut the Great's conquest of Norway in 1028
Norse sagas translated into English : a bibliography
Mythes et religions scandinaves
The Confederates & Hen-Thorir
Viga-Glums saga : with the tales of Ögmund Bash and Thorvald Chatterbox
Seasons in the literatures of the medieval North
Dialogues with the Viking Age : narration and representation in the sagas of the Icelanders
Knytlinga saga : the history of the kings of Denmark
The Cambridge introduction to the old Norse-Icelandic saga
Viking language. Volume 1, Learn Old Norse, runes, and Icelandic sagas
Crimsoning the eagle's claw : the Viking poems of Rognvaldr Kali Kolsson, Earl of Orkney
Hrafnkel's saga and other Icelandic stories
Bjarmaland (also Biarmaland, Biarmia, Byarmia, Bjarmia) and its inhabitants (Bjarmar, Beormas, Biarmar) are known to us through c. 30 medieval written sources, most of them written in Norse, a few in Latin and one in Anglo-Saxon. Majority of the texts were written during the 13th century, but the stories they relate may nevertheless be of earlier date. The Kings' Sagas in particular often refer to 10th century events. Oldest of the sources is the so-called Ohthere's account, a 9th century Anglo-Saxon text added to the OE Orosius translation. The rest of the sources are of Norse-Icelandic origin including a number of konungasögur, a few chronicles and íslendingasögur, some texts of geographical nature, a couple of þáttr, and a number of fornaldarsögur as well as six annals. Additionally Haralds saga gráfeldar contains a few skaldic verses.Written sources locate Bjarmaland to the White Sea. The words Terfinna land connect the location with the Kola Peninsula and the environs of the Varzuga River whereas the name Gandvík guides our interest towards the Kantalahti Bay of the White Sea. The name 'Vína' can be connected with either the Northern Dvina River or Viena Karelia. Written sources portray the Bjarmians as permanently settled group of Baltic Fennic speaking people that lived in the north of Europe since the Viking Age (first mentioned in writing in the 9th century) until the early Middle Ages (mid-13th century). Involvement in the international fur trade is implied and continuous contacts with Norwegians with both looting and trade as integral part of interaction are present in the descriptions. The Bjarmians cannot be connected ethnically with any existing group of people but must be considered as a group of their own. The origin of the specific ethnical identity most likely lies in economical interaction (trade with furs and possibly other items) with neighbouring areas. Since 12th-13th centuries new settlers moved to the northern areas and many political and economical changes occurred in Northern Fennoscandia and Russia, all of which would have contributed to a change that left the Bjarmians out of written sources.
Guta saga : the history of the Gotlanders
Focusing on discourses of magic in thirteenth - fourteenth century Icelandic texts that are concerned with kingship, this book examines the performative and ideological functions of texts dealing with magic in contexts of social and political conflict. This volume examines the performative and ideological functions of texts dealing with magic in contexts of social and political conflict. While the rites, representations, and agents of medieval Scandinavian magic have been the object of numerous studies, little attention has been given to magic as a discourse. As a consequence, Old Norse sources mobilizing magic have been analysed mainly as evidence for a stable extra-textual phenomenon. This volume breaks with this perspective. The book focuses on the use of discourses of magic in thirteenth- and fourteenth-century Icelandic texts concerned with kingship. It is argued that Icelanders constructed magic as a discursive answer to the increasingly pressing question of how to deal with the reality of their subordination to kings. This they did by telling stories of flattering Icelandic successes over kings brought about by magic in a bid to challenge dominant definitions and the social and political status quo. The book thus follows the conditions of emergence that made these subversive discourses of magic meaningful; it describes the various forms they were given, the various constraints weighing upon their use, and the particular political goals they served.
The Icelandic sagas
Scandinavian folk legends and Icelandic sagas
To the cultures of medieval northwestern Europe, the annual changing of the seasons was a material and economic reality that strongly informed the labour, travel and ritual calendars. However, while there has been much research into the interplay between society and its physical surroundings as reflected in medieval literature, the seasonal aspect of this dynamic has hitherto been neglected. This book analyses the narrative and psychological functions of seasonal settings in the literatures of medieval England and Iceland from the eighth to the fourteenth century, including such important texts as Beowulf and Sir Gawain and the Green Knight. Dealing with both the material realities and the figurative functions of the seasonal cycle, it interprets seasonal spaces in myth and literature as conventionalised environments, where society deals with outside threats and powers which manifest themselves in marginal landscapes.
Oedipus borealis : the aberrant body in old Icelandic myth and saga
Francia et Germania : studies in Strengleikar and Þiðreks saga af Bern
The book of settlements = Landnámabók
Understanding outlawry in medieval Iceland
Little Red Riding Hood uncloaked : sex, morality, and the evolution of a fairy tale
The Saga of the Völsungs : together with excerpts from the Nornageststháttr and three chapters from the Prose Edda
Versatility in versification : multidisciplinary approaches to metrics
The Viking discovery of America
Law and literature in medieval Iceland : Ljósvetninga saga and Valla-Ljóts saga
Myths of the Norsemen : retold from the Old Norse poems and tales
Holy vikings : saints' lives in the old icelandic kings' sagas
The problem of Icelandic saga origins
Imagining the supernatural north
A sweeping epic of the Viking Age, Grettir's Saga follows the life of the outlaw Grettir the Strong as he battles against sorcery, bad luck, and the vengefulness of his enemies. Among the most famous and widely read of Iceland's sagas, this new translation features extensive illustrative material to elucidate the story.
Germanic traditions of the theft of the thunder-instrument (ATU 1148B) : an approach to Þrymskviða and Þórr's adventure with Geirrøðr in Circum-Baltic perspective
The Santangelos
'Why is your axe bloody?' : a reading of Njáls Saga
Gaelic influence in Iceland : historical and literary contacts : a survey of research
Viking Language 1: Learn Old Norse, Runes, and Icelandic Sagas (the first book in the Viking Language Series) is a new introduction to Old Norse and Icelandic. The beginner has everything in one book: Graded lessons, reading passages, vocabulary, grammar exercises, and pronunciation. A full complement of maps, runic inscriptions and culture sections explore the civilization, legends, and myths of the Vikings. The lessons follow an innovative word frequency strategy, a method that speeds learning. Because the grammar of Modern Icelandic has changed so little from Old Norse, the learner is well on the way to mastering Modern Icelandic.
Bibliography of old Norse-Icelandic studies. 1978
The medieval saga
Danish kings and the Jomsvikings in the greatest saga of Oláfr Tryggvason
Nine saga studies : the critical interpretation of the Icelandic sagas
Northern antiquity : the post-medieval reception of Edda and saga
Pagan words and Christian meanings
"This new English translation tells the story of the first settlers on these wind-swept islands at the edge of the Scandinavian world. The translation is accompanied by a brief introduction, explanatory notes, genealogical and chronological tables, detailed maps and an excerpt from Jomsvikings' Saga which informs missing passages from the Faroe-Islander Saga manuscripts"--Provided by the publisher.
Old Norse made new : essays on the post-medieval reception of Old Norse literature and culture
Editing skaldic verse and the problem of prosimetra
Translating the medieval Icelandic romance-sagas
Homage to Georges Dumézil
From myth to fiction : the saga of Hadingus
The complete sagas of Icelanders : including 49 tales
Lokrur, Lóðurr and late evidence
Chaos & love : the philosophy of the Icelandic family sagas
Fagrskinna : a catalogue of the Kings of Norway
Seven Viking romances
The matter of the North : the rise of literary fiction on thirteenth-century Iceland
Icelandic sagas, eddas, and art : treasures illustrating the greatest mediaeval literary heritage of Northern Europe
