http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12165 maritime law
maritime law
The law of the sea : a select bibliography
Maritime terrorism and international trade
Marine issues : from a scientific, political and legal perspective
The Iranian threat to close the Strait of Hormuz : a violation of international law
Southampton on shipping law : institute of maritime law
Brice on maritime law of salvage
Competition and regulation in shipping and shipping related industries
Delivery clauses in bills of lading
Carrier's liability under the Hague, Hague-Visby and Hamburg rules
Origin and development of the law of the sea : history of international law revisited
Marine scientific research and the law of the sea
The VII ECMLR : contracts in shipping - flexibility, foreseeability, reasonableness
SIMPLY : Scandinavian Institute of Maritime Law yearbook 2006.
The law of the sea : progress and prospects
The Law of the Sea : national legislation, regulations and supplementary documents on marine scientific research in areas under national jurisdiction
Six Lectures on the Hague Rules
The international law of the ocean development : basic documents. Vol. 2
Pacific-ACP states regional legislative and regulatory framework for deep sea minerals exploration and exploitation
Carriage of goods by sea
Casebook on carriage by sea
The law of the sea : documents. Vol. 2, Second session, 1984 : Spring meeting: Kingston, 19 March - 13 April 1984 [and] Summer meeting: Geneva, 13 August - 5 September 1984
Russia's international legal claims in its adjacent seas : the realm of sea as extension of sovereignty
The right of hot pursuit in international law
Seerecht : Terminologie des Seerechtsübereinkommens = Law of the sea : terminology of the convention on the law of the sea
Research, international law and the sea in man's future
Basic documents. Vol. 1, Convention on the International Maritime Organization
The limitation of shipowners' liability : the new law
Third United Nations Conference on the Law of the Sea : official records
SIMPLY : Scandinavian Institute of Maritime Law yearbook 2003.
Introduction to maritime law
Lees' laws of British shipping and of marine assurance
International and legal problems of the Gulf
Bes' chartering and shipping terms
Port state control and jurisdiction : evolution of the port state regime
Current developments in Arctic law : Volume 2
Marine claims handbook
Third United Nations Conference on the Law of the Sea : official records. Vol. 17, Resumed eleventh session : New York, 22 and 24 September 1982 ; Final part of the eleventh session and conclusion of the conference : Montego Bay, 6 to 10 December 1982 : plenary meetings : documents
Straits in international navigation : contemporary issues
Ocean states : archipelagic regimes in the law of the sea
Introduction to maritime law : the Scandinavian perspective
The law of the sea : definition of the continental shelf : an examination of the relevant provisions of the United Nations convention on the law of the sea
Piracy in comparative perspective : problems, strategies, law
Shipping practice : with a consideration of the law relating thereto
Safety at sea regulations and their impact in private maritime law
Piracy: sea and air : a report to the International Law Association, Committee on Piracy (Sea and Air)
Encyclopedia of public international law. 11, Law of the sea, air and space
Law, force, and diplomacy at sea
The international law of bays
Third United Nations Conference on the Law of the Sea : official records. Vol. 13, Ninth    session : New York, 3 March - 4 April 1980 : summary records of meetings : documents
The role of international customary law in the law of the sea : the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea of 1982
Third United Nations Conference on the Law of the Sea : official records. Vol. 15, Tenth session : New York, 9 March - 16 April 1981 ; Resumed tenth session : Geneva, 3-28 August 1981 : summary records of meetings : documents
Selected master theses : Utvalgte masteroppgaver
Canada's Arctic waters in international law
China's marine legal system and the law of the sea
Toward a new international marine order : proceedings of the NIO Youth Seminar held in Amsterdam, August 1980
Rivers in international law
Negotiating the law of the sea
Uses of the seas
Unit limitation of carriers liability : the Hague rules art. IV (5), a study in comparative maritime law
SIMPLY : Scandinavian Institute of Maritime Law yearbook 1999.
Limitation of liability for maritime claims
Gard guidance on maritime claims and insurance
Shipping and contracting
Third United Nations Conference on the Law of the Sea : official records. Vol. 14, Resumed ninth session : Geneva, 28 July - 29 August 1980 : summary records of meetings : documents
The public order of the oceans : a contemporary international law of the sea : Myres S. McDougal, William T. Burke
Africa and the international law of the sea : a study of the contribution of the African states to the Third United Nations Conference on the Law of the Sea
Resource exploitation in the Arctic : incorrect diagnoses, misinterpretations  and wrong solutions – how to avoid these?
Maritime boundary
Selected document forms used in shipping
Scandinavian maritime law : the Norwegian perspective
Sea piracy law : selected national legal frameworks and regional legislative approaches = Droit de la piraterie maritime
Norwegian cargo insurance
The law of the sea of the Arctic : with special reference to Canada
Law of the sea
The United States and the rule of law in international affairs
Cases and materials on international law
The draft maritime code of the Netherlands
The law of general average
Grotius and the law of the sea
The law and custom of the sea
Legal issues arising out of Corfu Channel case of 1949
Warranties in marine insurance
Cases and materials on the carriage of goods by sea
Casebook on carriage of goods by sea
Readings in international law from the Naval War College review, 1947-1977. 1, Role of international law and an evolving ocean law
Law of the sea in East Asia : issues and prospects
The Baltic Sea : new developments in national policies and international cooperation
Law for the world ocean
Dictionary of shipping law
Collision cases, judgments and diagrams
Archaeological and/or historic valuable shipwrecks in international waters : public international law and what it offers
L'Europe et la mer : pêche, navigation et environnement marin = Europe and the sea : fisheries, navigation and marine environment
The law of the sea : marine scientific research : legislative history of article 246 of the United Nations convention on the law of the sea
The law of admiralty
Conventions internationales de droit maritime : textes = International conventions on maritime law : texts
The new order of the oceans : the advent of a managed environment
Protection of a non-contractual party under the Rotterdam rules
Maritime law
SIMPLY : Scandinavian institute of maritime law yearbook 2013.
Sulphur regulations for shipping - why a regional approach : scientific and economic arguments in IMO documents 1988-1997
Foreign ships and foreign waters : British, American, German and Scandinavian court practice in collision cases
Higgins and Colombos on the international law of the sea
The Soviet Union and the law of the sea
Indonesia and the law of the sea
SIMPLY : Scandinavian Institute of Maritime Law yearbook 2005.
The UN Convention on the Law of the Sea : impact and implementation
Maritime code of the People's Republic of China = Hai shang fa
The law of the sea : the European Union and its member states
The law of demurrage
United States responses to excessive maritime claims
International contract, commercial and maritime law : compendium
Maritime affairs : a world handbook : a reference guide for modern ocean policy and management
The naval arms race
The law of the sea : documents 1983 - 1989. Vol. 11, Documents available in 1990
IMO regulations relating to double-hull structure and their effects on existing tankers : over-aged tankers will choose demolition, not conversion
HSC revisions need to be focused
Enforcement of maritime claims
Cases & materials on the carriage of goods by sea
The 1982 convention on the law of the sea : proceedings
The actions of the Arctic states respecting the continental shelf : a reflective essay
The changing law of the sea : western hemisphere perspectives
The evolution of the law of the sea : a study of resources and strategy with special regard to the polar regions
Liner conferences in competition law : a comparative analysis of European and Chinese law
General trends in maritime and transport law 1929-2009
SIMPLY : Scandinavian Institute of Maritime Law yearbook 2004.
Maritime security - current problems in the Baltic Sea : conference in cooperation with the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea, May 9th-11th, 2007
Third United Nations Conference on the Law of the Sea : official records. Vol. 16, Eleventh session : New York, 8 March - 30 April 1982 : summary records of meetings : documents
Bernaerts guide to the 1982 United Nations Convention on the Law of the sea : including the text of the UN Convention and final act
Law of the sea : Caracas and beyond
Salvage from the sea
The law of the sea
Maritime law of salvage
The other moratorium : freezing central arctic fisheries as the ice withdraws
The law of the sea : offshore boundaries and zones
Payne and Ivamy's carriage of goods by sea
SIMPLY : Scandinavian Institute of Maritime Law yearbook 2000.
The effect of foreign elements in collision litigations in the United States : [a study of the judicial attitude in the law of conflict of laws]
Shipwrecks in international and national law : focus on wreck removal and pollution prevention : papers from a seminar 13-17 June 2007, Kasnäs, Finland
Protecting the oceans beyond national jurisdiction: strengthening the international law framework
Third United Nations Conference on the Law of the Sea : official records. Vol. 12, Resumed eighth session : New York, 19 July - 24 August 1979 : summary records of meetings : documents
Index of multilateral treaties on the law of the sea
New directions in the law of the sea : documents
Disaster at sea
Trading fish, saving fish : the interaction between regimes in international law
The international law of the sea
For centuries, warranties have played a significant role in the law of marine insurance and in this book Baris Soyer offers a comprehensive and authoritative examination of warranties in marine insurance. The book sets out the current law on marine insurance warranties as well as exploring the legal remedies available when a marine insurance warranty is breached. The third edition is brought up to date with significant discussion of recent case law including: Kosmar Villa Holidays v. Trustees of Syndicate; Pratt v Aigaion Insurance Co; Argo Systems FZE v. Liberty Insurance (Pte); The Buana Dua, The Princess of the Stars, The Nancy, and Garnat Trading & Shipping (Singapore) Pte Ltd v. Baominh Insurance Corporation with a view to identifying their impact on established legal principles. The third edition also goes on to evaluate the impact of the changes that will be introduced in this area by the Insurance Act 2015. This Act will alter the warranty regime significantly but it is also expected to have an impact on other risk alteration clauses such as condition precedents, suspensory warranties and exclusion clauses. This book is essential reading for postgraduate students and academics in international commercial law and marine insurance law as well as insurers and legal practitioners.
Piracy : air and sea
SIMPLY : Scandinavian Institute of Maritime Law yearbook 2002.
The law of the sea and maritime boundary delimitation in South-East Asia
The Aegean maritime disputes and international law
A new convention for the carriage of goods by sea - the Rotterdam Rules : an analysis of the UN Convention on Contracts for the International Carriage of Goods Wholly or Partly by Sea
General average : law and practice
From manganese nodules to lunar regolith : a comparative legal study of utilization of the natural resources in deep seabed and outer space
A note on the European Union's integrated maritime policy
The maritime law of Europe. Vol. 1- 2
SIMPLY : Scandinavian Institute of Maritime Law yearbook 2001.
The concept of common heritage of mankind in the law of the sea : perspectives and ramifications
The law of the sea : enforcement by port states legislative history of article 218 of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea
Introduction to maritime law : chapters 1-20 and 22
International organizations and the law of the sea : documentary yearbook
The Swedish maritime code = Sjölagen 1994.
International law
The modern law of pilotage
Merchant shipping legislation
The Law of the Sea : baselines: national legislation with illustrative maps
Foreign ships and foreign waters : British, American, German and Scandinavican court practice in collision cases
