http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12109 electromagnetic compatibility
electromagnetic compatibility
Evaluation of industrial wireless communications systems' security
NetHawk Clock Source
Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) : Part 4 : Testing and measurement techniques : Section 1 : Overview of immunity tests . Basic EMC publication (IEC 1000-4-1 : 1992)
The worldwide success of wireless communications was originally fueled by the possibility to replace existing cables with wireless solutions. This phenomenon imposed the development of security engineering as a multidisciplinary field. Although wireless solutions can reduce installation costs and allow introducing new services, the end–users expect it to have the same level of security as they would normally have with wired solutions. Secure communications is an important part of the overall security of industrial wireless communications systems (IWCS).The aim of this thesis is to develop new security engineering methodologies for IWCS. The author develops countermeasures against confidentiality and integrity attacks and carries out a security analysis covering the protocol, electromagnetic and physical layer. In the first part of the thesis, Host Identity Protocol (HIP) is utilized to secure communication in an intra–vehicular network. Simulations and measurement campaigns are also conducted to evaluate the impact of the overhead on security in a tunnel, considering line–of–sight (LOS) and non–LOS (NLOS) scenarios.Electromagnetic analysis (EMA) is an important step in the development of safety–related systems. Today, the increasing usage of smaller integrated circuit also increases the susceptibility to electromagnetic (EM) interference. From near–field (NF) to far–field (FF) transformation, a method for the evaluation of the emissions leakage is investigated. The virtual EM (VEM) interface of the device–under–test (DUT) is studied, and it is described how an adversary can exploit it for denial of service (DoS) attacks. An effective jamming attack model is studied, and the theoretical calculations are validated with experiment–based results.Finally, focusing attention on physical layer security, two algorithms are developed. Active radio frequency fingerprinting (RFF) implements the exchange of a public key during the setup of secure communication. Afterwards, utilizing a jamming receiver in conjunction with the spread spectrum (SS) watermarking technique, the watermark–based blind physical layer security (WBPLSec) protocol is presented. The analysis and results indicate how the WBPLSec seems to be a valuable technique for deploying physical layer security by creating a secure region around the receiver.
Controlling radiated emissions by design
As the constantly changing workload has been a problem in the TCC Nokia OTA, EMC and SAR type approval laboratory, there is a need to evolve the training process of a new employee and to re-think the division of tasks within the laboratory This thesis explains the meaning of and the reason for OTA, EMC and SAR measurements. Also the purpose and advantages of the international standard ISO/IEC 17025 are discussed briefly. The research section goes through the testing procedure i.e. actions before the testing, the testing itself and finally the actions after testing. The goal is to clarify how to organize the training process in a rational way and how the tasks in the laboratory should be divided among the employees. The research was carried out by observing the laboratory personnel in their work and by interviewing them. In addition to that, also studying the international standard ISO/IEC 17025 and the working instructions produced by the employees of each testing area had a major role in the research. As outcome, there is a rough plan how the tasks in the laboratory could be divided to get the efficiency and quality optimized and a plan to organize an efficient training for a new employee. The point in the task division is to make the test operators do the simplest and repetitive tasks and thereby relieve time for the test engineers and test system managers to concentrate on their own tasks. The test operators training should start with a short introduction to the organization and the testing areas, and finally to the testing equipment. The training for running the measurements should be made one test at a time, from the beginning to the end. Naturally, the most efficient way would be to start the training from the easiest test, but it would be difficult to organize, so the training follows the ongoing testing. Other actions related to testing, making reports, daily checks and calibrations, can be trained when ever they are considered to be needed.
Proceedings of the 18th International Conference on Electromagnetic Disturbances, EMD 2008.
Automated video monitoring of equipment under test for electromagnetic compatibility radiated immunity test
Abstract: EMC design in product and certification process.
A modular test method for chargers against compliance test limits
EMC for printed circuit boards : basic and advanced design & layout techniques
Electromagnetic compatilbility (EMC): Part 4: Testing and measurement techniques : Section 7: General guide on harmonics and interharmonics measurements and instrumentation, for power supply systems and equipment connected thereto (IEC 1000-4-7 : 1991)
Wireless sensor networks : architectures and protocols
A wireless LAN EMC test solution development for mobile devices
The Guide to the EMC directive 89/336/EEC
Practical variable speed drives and power electronics
Class-D speaker amplifier EMC requirements
EMC shielding
Equipment for general lighting purposes : EMC immunity requirements
Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC). Part 3-2 = Partie 3-2, Limits - Limits for harmonic current emissions (equipment input current ≤ 16A per phase), (IEC 61000-3-2:2005/A2:2009)
Advanced modeling in computational electromagnetic compatibility
Power supply cookbook
Verification of numerical modeling of EMC problems in printed wiring board design
Platform interference in wireless systems : models, measurement, and mitigation
Study on the Conductivity of Coated Steel Plate
TETRA : the advocate's handbook
Testing for EMC compliance : approaches and techniques
Trilogy of magnetics : design guide for EMI filter design, SMPS & RF circuits
Abstract: Administration of EMC standards and regulations.
The investigation of Embedded System Electromagnetic Radiation by using Automatic Near-Field Measurements
Interference-free electronics : electromagnetic compatibility : the design, verification and use of interference-free systems and printed circuit boards within industrial process automation and the utilities industry
Compatibilité électromagnétique (CEM) : Partie 4 : Techniques d'essai et de mesure : Section 7 : Guide général aux mesures d'harmoniques et d'interharmoniques, ainsi qu'à l'appareillage de mesur, applicable aux réseaux d'alimentation et aux appareils qui y sont raccordés = Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) : Part 4 : Testing and measurement techniques : Section 7 : General guide on harmonics and interharmonics measurements and instrumentation, for power supply systems and equipment connected thereto
EMI troubleshooting techniques
EMI control methods and techniques
Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC). Part 3-2 = Partie 3-2, Limits - Limits for harmonic current emissions (equipment input current ≤ 16A per phase)
Electromagnetic compatibility handbook
Electromagnetics explained : a handbook for wireless/RF, EMC and high-speed electronics
EMC for product designers
Electromagnetic compatibility of a control system : EMC protection of Azimuth thruster control systems
Interference-free electronics : design and applications : the design and use of interference-free systems and printed circuit boards within industrial process automation and the utilities industry
Practical radio-frequency handbook
EMC for systems and installations
Printed circuit board design techniques for EMC compliance : a handbook for designers
Compatibilité électromagnétique (CEM) : Partie 4 : Techniques d'essai et de mesure : Section 4 : Essais  d'immunité aux transitoires électriques rapides en salves: : Publication fondamentale en CEM = Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) : Part 4 : Testing and measurement techniques : Section 4 : Electrical fast transient/burst immunity test : Basic EMC publication
Electromagnetic compatibility in railways : analysis and management
Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) = Compatibilité électromagnétique (CEM). Part 3-2 = Partie 3-2, Limits - Limits for harmonic current emissions (equipment input current ≤ 16A per phase) = Limites - Limites ppour les émissions de courant harmonique (courant appelé par les appareils ≤ 16A par phase)
Electromagnetic compatibility engineering
EMC for printed circuit boards
EMI Troubleshooting cookbook for product designers
Electromagnetic interference and compatibiblity. 3, EMI control methods and techniques
Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC). Part 1-5, General - High power electromagnetic (HPEM) effects on civil systems
Proceedings of the XV International Conference on Electromagnetic Disturbances, EMD 2005. : overvoltages in power, electronic and computer engineering
Introduction to electromagnetic compatibility
Noise reduction techniques in electronic systems
Inductive components and EMC
Voltage quality in electrical power systems
This Bachelor's thesis was commissioned by the Degree Programme in Information Technology in HAMK University of Applied Sciences. The aim of the study was to take a look at EMC Shielding, how it is applied and what different options there are for designers and manufacturers. This thesis also takes a look at EMC in general. In addition, it takes also discusses the EMC Directive currently in use in the EU and the requirements that need to be met before an electronic apparatus can be put into use. The main sources used for this thesis were relevant literature and also some documents found on the Internet.    The outcome of this thesis resulted in an information package that has useful knowledge about setting up EMC shielding in projects that involve electronics. Electromagnetic interference has become a serious challenge for circuit designers, and it will most likely become an even bigger problem in the future.
Nordtest EMC Seminar in Copenhagen, 7-8 May 1996.
RF disturbances produced by high-power photovoltaic solar plants
The design of CMOS radio-frequency integrated circuits
Electromagnetic compatibility in power systems
EMC design in product and certification process
EMC : electromagnetic theory to practical design
Radiated EMI measurements on variable frequency drivers
This text combines the fundamentals of electromagnetics with numerical modeling to tackle a broad range of current electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) problems, including problems with lightning, transmission lines, and grounding systems. It sets forth a solid foundation in the basics before advancing to specialized topics, and allows readers to develop their own EMC computational models for applications in both research and industry.
Proceedings of the XVI International Conference on Electromagnetic Disturbances, EMD 2006.
Design and implementation of near-field measurement probes
EMC at component and PCB level
Circuit modeling for electromagnetic compatibility
Electromagnetic compatibility in power electronics
Transmission lines in digital systems for EMC practitioners
Learn the new skills needed to work with today's high-speed digital electronic systemsFollowing this text's clear explanations and examples, EMC practitioners will quickly master the new transmission line concepts and skills needed to analyze and design today's high-speed digital electronic systems. The author focuses on modern transmission lines in which the conductors that interconnect the electronic modules are "electrically long" (i.e., longer than one-tenth of a wavelength). Moreover, throughout the text, the author explores the increasingly important issues of crosstalk and system integrity, helping readers avoid many common pitfalls in the analysis and design of electronic systems.Transmission Lines in Digital Systems for EMC Practitioners begins with a discussion of the fundamental concepts of waves, wavelength, time delay, and electrical dimensions, and then examines the effect of electrically long conductors on signal integrity. Next, the book explores:. Time domain analysis of two-conductor lines. Frequency domain analysis of two-conductor lines. Crosstalk in three-conductor lines. Approximate inductive-capacitive crosstalk model for electrically short lines. Exact crosstalk prediction modelThroughout the text, the PSpice program is used as a computational aid to simulate digital systems and determine crosstalk and system integrity. A quick PSpice tutorial is provided for readers who are unfamiliar with the program. The text also offers numerous illustrations to help readers visualize complex concepts and design methods. In addition, experimental results are set forth to verify mathematical results.Transmission Lines in Digital Systems for EMC Practitioners is an essential guide for students and engineers who need to keep pace with the growing demand for ever faster digital electronic systems.
Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMC) : Part 4 : Testing and measuring techniques : Section 16 : Conducted disturbances in the range DC to 150 kHz : Immunity test : Basic EMC Publication
Compatibilité électromagnétique (CEM) : Partie 4 : Techniques d'essai et de mesure : Section 1 : Vue d'ensemble sur les essais d'immunité : Publication fondamentale en CEM = Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) : Part 4 : Testing and measurement techniques : Section 1 : Overview of immunity tests : Basic EMC publication
Evaluation of industrial wireless communications systems’ security
Training a test operator for a accredited radio spectrum laboratory
XIX International Conference on Electromagnetic Disturbances, EMD 2009.
Solid-state power conversion handbook
Automotive handbook
Principles and techniques of electromagnetic compatibility
Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC). Part 3-2 = Partie 3-2, Limits - Limits for harmonic current emissions (equipment input current ≤ 16A per phase), (IEC 61000-3-2:2005/A1:2008)
Electronics : a systems approach
Compatibilité électromagnetique (CEM) : Partie 4 : Techniques d'essai et de mesure : Section 2 : Essai d'immunité aux décharges électrostatiques : Publication fondamentale en CEM = Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) : Part 4 : Testing and measurement techniques : Section 2 : Electrostatic discharge immunity test : Basic EMC Publication
