http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12162 Lego toys
Lego toys
Brick wonders : ancient, modern, and natural wonders made from LEGO
Lego Star Wars. R2-D2 the Brave : 2-in-1 Flip Over Reader. Han Solo's adv 2-ientures : 2-1 Flip Over Reader
Constructional toys
Lego star wars : the complete saga : Wii
Cool creations in 35 pieces
Lego friends : character encyclopedia
Using brickOs with LEGO Mindstorms RCX brick and establishing infrared communication
Go Inside the LEGO Like You've Never Seen. With insider access, Brick by Brick reveals how LEGO- faced with the growing rage for electronic toys, few barriers to entry for competitors, and ultra demanding consumers (ten-year-old boys)- reinvented the innovation rule book and transformed itself into one of the world's most profitable, fastest-growing companies. Learn how LEGO's leaders resolve the trade-offs confronting every organization: How do you give people the room to innovate while retaining focus? How do you allow autonomy while ensuring accountability? How do you deliver over the short term while building for the long term? Whether you're a senior executive looking to make your company grow, an entrepreneur building a start-up from scratch, or a fan who wants to instill some of that LEGO magic in your career, Brick by Brick will teach you how to build your own innovation advantage, brick by brick.
Designing lego brick and its mould for manufacturing
Just brick it
The unofficial LEGO Technic builder's guide
Secret world of the ninja
Brick by brick : how LEGO rewrote the rules of innovation and conquered the global toy industry
Lego Star Wars : the visual dictionary
Where's the pizza boy? : a search-and-find book
"What can you build with just 35 LEGO bricks? Sean Kenney shows you 75 models he has made using some of the most common pieces available. Follow the instructions, tips, and techniques to create whatever you can imagine"--Page [4] of cover.
Lego tips, tricks, and building techniques : the big unofficial Lego builders book
Lego legends of Chima : power up!
Revenge of the Sith
Lego Jurassic world : Xbox 360
Unleash your imagination as you journey through the wide-ranging world of LEGO building. Filled with bright visuals, step-by-step breakdowns of 40 models and nearly 150 example models from the world's best builders. Learn to build robots, planes, cities, and much more. Whether you're brand-new to LEGO or have been building for years, this book is sure to spark your imagination and motivate you to keep creating!. / WorldCat.
The Lego adventure book. 2, spaceships, pirates, dragons & more!
Lego DC comics super heroes : character encyclopedia
Brick wonders : ancient, natural & modern marvels in LEGO®
Building Robots with LEGO® Mindstorms® NXT
The LEGO book
Lego Batman 3 : beyond Gotham : Nintendo 3DS
Lego Pirates of the Caribbean : the video game : Xbox 360
Lego and Arduino projects
A beautiful, four-color book that showcases an epic LEGO universe. Full of advanced models guaranteed to inspire, as well as simpler models with building instructions / WorldCat.
LEGO Harry Potter characters of the magical world
Battle of the Mask Makers  : Ryder Windham
The Lego ideas book : you can build anything!
Forbidden Lego : build the models your parents warned you against!
Standing small : a celebration of 30 years of the lego minifigure
Brick by brick : how LEGO rewrote the rules of innovation and conquered the global toy history
Creating cool MINDSTORMS® NXT robots
Lego Jurassic world : Wii U
Gathering of the Toa
LEGO space : building the future
LEGO® collector : collector's guide = Sammler Katalog
Abstract: Using BrickOs with LEGO Mindstorms RCX brick and establishing infrared communication.
Presents the LEGO action figures based on the DC universe, describing each figure and vehicle, their variations, when they were made, and the playsets in which they appear / WorldCat.
Ninjago, masters of Spinjitzu : the visual dictionary
A guide to stop-motion LEGO animation, with instructions and exercises covering all the steps in the filmmaking process. Includes equipment suggestions, sound and lighting tips, animation and special effects techniques, storyboarding exercises, tricks for designing sets, and acting methods for minifigs / Library of Congress.
Uses LEGO models to explore Neoclassical, Art Deco, Brutalist, Modernist, and other architectural styles. Each chapter includes a discussion of the architectural movement, photographs of famous real-life buildings, and a gallery of LEGO models, with step-by-step building instructions / WorldCat.
Perfect pets
The ultimate Lego book
Architecture on the carpet : the curious tale of construction toys and the genesis of modern building
365 things to do with LEGO® bricks
Lego city undercover : Wii U
Island of lost masks
Brick vehicles : amazing air, land, and sea machines to build from LEGO®
The LEGO neighborhood book : build your own town!
The LEGO animation book : make your own LEGO movies!
The Lego build-it-book. Vol. 2, More amazing vehicles
Lego Batman 3 : beyond Gotham : PS4
Fantastic contraptions
The cult of Lego
Build your own galaxy : the big unofficial Lego builder's book
LEGO awesome ideas
Tournament of elements
LEGO DC comics super heroes : character encyclopedia
Lego Jurassic world : Indominus Rexin pako
The unofficial lego mindstorms nnxt investor's guide
I love that minifigure
This "volume of the...Lego builders' books series addresses beginners as well as skilled builders who want to improve their building techniques and create individual and lifelike buildings, vehicles and all kinds of other fancy designs. Step-by-step instructions help the reader to come up with their own personal Lego masterpiece. The authors clearly demonstrate how to build 'around the corner' or put Lego bricks together so no studs can be seen from the outside. Furthermore cobblestone pavement or various buildings consisting of skeleton framing elements can be created. Plenty of new modules can be created when people start using the bricks for purposes other than intended / WorldCat.
Brick city : LEGO for grown ups
Lego Star Wars visual dictionary
Students' problem solving in the LEGO/Logo learning environment
Lego city undercover : the chase begins : Nintendo 3DS
Justice League vs. Legion of doom
Brick flicks : 60 cult movie scenes & posters made from Lego
Cool cars and trucks
The LEGO handbook : everything you need to know about LEGO
LEGO Ninjago : masters of spinjitzu : character encyclopedia
The Lego adventure book. 3, Robots, planes, cities & more!
Lego Jurassic world : PlayStation 4
Lego Jurassic world : PlayStation 3
The unofficial lego builder's guide
Small scenes from a big galaxy
Lego Jurassic world : PS3
LEGO®-based therapy : how to build social competence through LEGO®-based clubs for children with autism and related conditions
Justice League : cosmic clash
Building a better business using the LEGO SERIOUS PLAY method
Rasta-haired Väinämöinen and other beings in their peculiar world : humour and intertextuality in Our Kalevala
Dino safari : a lego adventure in the real world
Beautiful Lego® : wild!
The world of lego toys
Lego Batman 2 : DC super heroes : Xbox 360
Lego star wars : the complete saga : Xbox 360.
Knights & castles : a Lego adventure in a real world
Justice league : Gotham city breakout
Lego Ninjago : shadow of Ronin : Nintendo 3DS
Lego Justice league : Gotham kaaoksessa
Lego Batman : the videogame : PlayStation 3
Arduino and Lego projects
Awesome adventures
The unofficial Lego builder's guide
Lego Pirates of the Caribbean : the video game : Wii
Lego minifigure year by year : a visual history
The Lego build-it-book. Vol. 1, Amazing vehicles
The Lego adventure book : cars, castles, dinosaurs & more!
Attack of the legion of doom!
Lego star wars III : the clone wars : Xbox 360.
The LEGO architect
Lego star wars III : the clone wars : Wii
Lego Jurassic world : Xbox One
Lego The hobbit : Wii U.
Brick wheels : amazing air, land & sea machines to build from LEGO®
