http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12127 electronic forms
electronic forms
PDF forms using Acrobat and LiveCycle Designer bible
Abstract: The Universal Web Based Exams Software.
Head rush Ajax
Handbook of Web surveys
Integrated marketing communications emphasizing future marketing communications solution : company X case study
The Universal Web Based Exams Software
Designing effective Web surveys
Handbook of Web Surveys presents a self-contained guide to methodological issues related to web surveys, covering both theoretical and practical aspects of the topic. The book first approaches the subject of web survey design, addressing the main question: How can an electronic questionnaire be designed such that respondents can complete it on the Internet without introducing (too many) errors? The second portion of the book is devoted to sampling issues and helping readers understanding how proper samples for web surveys can be selected to allow for unbiased estimation of population characteristics. The authors also explore the topics of under-coverage, self-selection, adjustment weighting, and propensity scores as they pertain to effective web survey development. Each chapter follows the same easy-to-follow format. Following an introduction, a description of theory is presented along with key formulae. Next, the discussed theory is applied to a real data set and accompanied with illustrative descriptions. Example sets and exercises are spread throughout each chapter, and a summary provides a brief overview of main points and concepts. Real data is used throughout the book, and a related Web site features additional data sets, interactive simulations, and solutions to exercises.
Web style guide : basic design principles for creating web sites
Working papers in economic sociology : economic and sociological studies in turbulent times
The form book : best practice in creating forms for printed and online use
Customisable multitenant web form with JSF and MySQL
Question evaluation methods : contributing to the science of data quality
Code service in social and health care : process description of the THL Code Service
Forms that work : designing Web forms for usability
General overview of XForms and Orbeon forms
Payment system for Peda Oy personal image design
Advanced methods for conducting online behavioral research
Conducting online surveys
Using web and paper questionnaires for data-based decision making : from design to interpretation of the results
The environment in marketing communications of any business is constantly changing and developing. New technological advancements, globalization, the Internet and others communication channels open new paths for business marketers. Consumer marketing has many opportunities to reach audience via media for example. In business-to-business marketing the rules are quite different and noise surrounding the messaging is difficult to recognize and block. Company X provides industrial and municipal solutions in both domestic and global markets. There are varieties of communications strategies available which is why I saw this as an opportunity to learn about something that is very current and valuable for the company. Though the company has many successful strategies already existing, I wanted to come up with some new ideas. Web Medias are the trendiest channels in current business and knowledge on that are is quite narrow. This is why the main focus in this thesis surrounds the web environment. The future IMC implementations of Company X are also discussed. The literature review is collected from web sources that tend to be more up to date and books provided by local libratory and online archives. Also, a research case study was conducted in order to evaluate the current online visibility of the company.
Evaluation system for software professionals (J2ME)
The outcomes of regional health information exchange in health care delivery
Abstract: General overview of XForms and Orbeon forms.
Teach yourself .NET Windows forms in 21 days
Creating dynamic forms with Adobe LiveCycle Designer
Handbook of research on electronic surveys and measurements
Web form design : filling in the blanks
