http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12156 educational background
educational background
The economics of education : human capital, family background and inequality
Education, equality and human rights : issues of gender, 'race', sexuality, disability and social class
Learning-in-context : an ethnographic investigation of mediated learning experiences among Ethiopian Jews in Israel
The social inheritance of education : equality of educational opportunity among young people in Finland
PISA 2009 results. Vol. 2, Overcoming social background : equity in learning opportunities and outcomes
Abstract.
Higher education and social class : issues of exclusion and inclusion
Globalization and education : integration and contestation across cultures
Understanding family diversity and home-school relations : a guide for students and practitioners in early years and primary settings
The international classroom : challenging the notion
Reading between the lines : teachers and their racial/ethnic cultures
Synthése (s. 13-17).
Temperament, socioeconomic status and cardiovascular risk : the longitudinal cardiovascular risk in young Finns study
Growing up girl : psychosocial explorations of gender and class
Parental involvement and academic success
Modernising vocational education and training : fourth report on vocational education and training research in Europe : executive summary
Prepares you for the rapidly evolving world of health care with a comprehensive yet focused survey of nursing topics affecting practice, as well as the issues facing today's nurse managers and tomorrow's nurse leaders. Newly revised and updated, Barbara Cherry and Susan Jacob provide the most practical and balanced preparation for the issues, trends, and management topics you will encounter in practice.
Encouraging student interest in science and technology studies
The bell curve : intelligence and class structure in American life
Social background and educational career : research perspectives on equality of educational opportunity
Changes in the household structure of the Finnish elderly by age, sex and educational attainment in 1987–2035
Social habitus and the impact of socio-cultural factors on vocational behavior of adolescents : a cross-national comparison of French and Finnish students
Culture and cognition in information technology education
Rediscovering apprenticeship : research findings of the International Network on Innovative Apprenticeship (INAP)
Essays in empirical labour economics : family background, gender and earnings
Where do upper secondary school students come from? : case: Oulu region
Vocational education : international approaches, developments and systems
Educational differentials in male mortality in Russia and northern Europe : a comparison of an epidemiological cohort from Moscow and St. Petersburg with the male populations of Helsinki and Oslo
Responding to changing student demographics in Finland : a study of teachers' developing cultural competence
Apprenticeship : from practice to theory and back again
Trends in learning structures in higher education : project report
Lifelong learning in Europe : differences and divisions. Volume 2, Strategies of social integration and individual learning biographies
Not in all walks of life? : social differences in suicide mortality
Education and the family : passing success across the generations
The icebreakers : Somali-speaking youth in metropolitan Helsinki with a focus on the context of formal education
Achievement-related behavior of early adolescents : presentation and discussion of three analyses
The impact of family background on the choice and returns of education in Finland : does gender matter?
Level and balance of achievement
The actual foundation of the conference industry in Tampere took an appropriate shape after the establishment of Tampere Hall in 1990. Since then Tampere has been very active in promoting and organizing conferences of all kinds. The purpose, thus, of this study was to describe the process of organizing and managing conferences and analyze the conference industry in the Tampere Region. Sources of conference theories were used to describe the historical background of the industry's origin, its development and current trend. Data for analysis of Tampere as a conference destination were obtained through a standard questionnaire during the 23rd European Conference on Biomaterials (ESB 2010) at Tampere Hall on 11-15 September 2010. Quantitative analysis of the data was conducted through SPSS. The findings indicate that the industry dates back in 1884 during the congress of Vienna and developed into a proper industry in America in the 20th century. The findings reveal also that the process of organizing and managing conferences is a long procedure that involves several key players and encompasses other sectors such as tourism. It has also been noted that conference industry in Tampere existed even before the advent of Tampere Hall. It was due to Tampere being active in research, education and theater culture, plus due to the decline of the early industry in the region that brought about the establishment of purpose-built conference center - Tampere Hall. Conferences is an international industry that still grows. Despite offering massive employment opportunities and contributing to the world economy it lacks consistent data for quantification. There are less conference related courses in universities and the demand for professionals is on the increase. More courses on meeting events should be introduced in universities as a proactive approach in developing the industry in the region. Tampere Convention Bureau should work together with academic institutions to devise a method of managing meeting events records, and studies need to be carried out on the environmental impact of conference tourism. Key words: Conference, meetings industry, meeting events, tourism.
Economics of wage differentials and public sector labour markets
"Americans are taught to believe that upward mobility is possible for anyone who is willing to work hard, regardless of their social status, yet it is often those from affluent backgrounds who land the best jobs. Pedigree takes readers behind the closed doors of top-tier investment banks, consulting firms, and law firms to reveal the truth about who really gets hired for the nation's highest-paying entry-level jobs, who doesn't, and why.Drawing on scores of in-depth interviews as well as firsthand observation of hiring practices at some of America's most prestigious firms, Lauren Rivera shows how, at every step of the hiring process, the ways that employers define and evaluate merit are strongly skewed to favor job applicants from economically privileged backgrounds. She reveals how decision makers draw from ideas about talent--what it is, what best signals it, and who does (and does not) have it--that are deeply rooted in social class. Displaying the "right stuff" that elite employers are looking for entails considerable amounts of economic, social, and cultural resources on the part of the applicants and their parents.Challenging our most cherished beliefs about college as a great equalizer and the job market as a level playing field, Pedigree exposes the class biases built into American notions about the best and the brightest, and shows how social status plays a significant role in determining who reaches the top of the economic ladder"--
Education in South Sudan : status and challenges for a new system
Schooling and social capital in diverse cultures
Educational and gender equality in vocational education : the case of commercial education in Finland
Conference tourism in the Tampere region
Schooling, family background and adoption : is it nature or is it nurture?
Caught in the middle : contradictions in the lives of sociologists from working-class backgrounds
Young teachers and reluctant learners
Consultation process on the European Commission's memorandum of lifelong learning : analysis of national reports
The ethnic crucible : harmony and hostility in multi-ethnic schools
Equal opportunities? : the labour market integration of the children of immigrants
Best or second best choice? : polytechnic education in the lives of engineering students
Education, unemployment and labour markets
Adolescent predictors of adult social and psychiatric adversities : a prospective follow-up study of the Northern Finland 1966 Birth Cohort
Education and the family background of the young in Finland
Summary (s.9-12).
Modernising vocational education and training : fourth report on vocational training research in Europe : background report. Vol. 2
Berg encyclopedia of world dress and fashion. Volume 10, Global perspectives
School differences and inequities in educational outcomes : PISA 2000 results of reading literacy in Finland
Management fads in higher education : where they come from, what they do, hy they fail
Individual and contextual factors predicting educational and occupational career success
The long-term impact of birth order on health and educational attainment / Kieron Barclay
Persistent elitism in access to higher education in Ghana
Learning from the margins : young women, social exclusion and education
Making spaces : citizenship and difference in schools
Strangers in paradise : academics from the working class
American education
Contemporary nursing : issues, trends, & management
Providing an objective assessment of the influence of parental involvement and what aspects of parental participation can best maximize the educational outcomes of students, this volume is structured to guide readers to a thorough understanding of the history, practice, theories, and impact of parental involvement. Cutting-edge research and meta-analyses offer vital insight into how different types of students benefit from parental engagement and what types of parental involvement help the most. Unique among works on the topic, Parental Involvement and Academic Success : uses meta-analysis to enable readers to understand what the overall body of research on a given topic indicates; examines research results in terms of their practical implications; and, focuses significantly on the influence of parental involvement on minority students' academic success. Important reading for anyone involved in home-school relations/parental involvement in education, this book is highly relevant for courses devoted to or which include treatment of the topic.
School achievement, family factors and smoking prevention : a three-year follow-up of a smoking prevention programme in Helsinki
School choice and diversity : what the evidence says
Abstract (1 s.).
Socio-economic homogamy and its effects on the stability of cohabiting unions
Psychosocial processes of health behaviour change in a lifestyle intervention : influences of gender, socioeconomic status and personality
Educational choice in Sweden : studies on the importance of gender and social contexts
School context and delinquency
Education and longer working lives : a longitudinal study on education differences in the late exit from working life of older employees in Finland
Matching heterogeneous job seekers and vacancies : empirical studies using Finnish data
Is little brother nothing but trouble? : educational attainment, returns to schooling and sibling structure
Literacy skills for the world of tomorrow : further results from Pisa 2000
Is timing everything? : a longitudinal perspective on adult transitions, their antecedents, and psychological implications
