http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1213 electric power
electric power
2010 Electric Power Quality and Supply Reliability : June 16-18, 2010, Kuressaare, Estonia : conference proceedings : PQ2010 : 7th International Conference
Power system quality assessment
Operation and control in power systems
Introduction to electrical power systems
Communication networks and systems for power utility automation. Part 7-1, Basic communication structure : Principles and models = Réseayx et systèmes de communication pour l'automatisation des systèmes électriques. Partie 7-1, Structure de communication de base : Principes et modèles
Electrical energy systems
Electric universe : the shocking true story of electricity David Bodanis
Electrical energy in agriculture
"Online video course with powerpoint slides for each chapter at www.cusp.umn.edu; site also contains links to important research reports, an entire set of student programs in MATLAB, and sets of power system sample data sets for use in student exercises"--
On reliability and performance analyses of IEC 61850 for digital SAS
Sähköenergian mittaus : sanasto (fi, en) = Electricity metering : glossary of terms (fi, en)
Assessment of privatization of the electric power sector in selected ESCWA member countries. Vol. 2, Case study of Egypt
Public policy and the diffusion of technology : an international comparison of large fossil-fueled generating units
Energy consumption in households
Power generation, operation, and control
Market research on Led Products in Finland : Case: Z-Sen Automatic Electric Co. Ltd.
Competition and new technology in the electric power sector
Preparation and characterisation of MnCo[sub 2]O[sub 4] and Raney nickel catalysts for alkaline fuel cells
Phase voltage control and filtering in a converter-fed single-phase customer-end system of the LVDC distribution network
Power definitions and the physical mechanism of power flow
Energy balances and electricity profiles
Energy intermittency
Regional Electricity Market Design
"Since publication of the second edition, there have been extensive changes in the algorithms, methods, and assumptions in energy management systems that analyze and control power generation. This edition is updated to acquaint electrical engineering students and professionals with current power generation systems. Algorithms and methods for solving integrated economic, network, and generating system analysis are provided. Also included are the state-of-the-art topics undergoing evolutionary change, including market simulation, multiple market analysis, multiple interchange contract analysis, contract and market bidding, and asset valuation under various portfolio combinations"--
Applied mathematics for restructured electric power systems : optimization, control, and computational intelligence
Power quality improvements of wind farms : towards sustainable development for the next generation
Energy supply and consumption
Kilowatts at work : electricity and industrial transformation in the Nordic countries
50 Hz electric and magnetic fields of electricity power transmission
Harmonics in power systems of ships with electrical propulsion drives. Part 1, Effects on the equipment
Physics
PV System Design and Feasibility Study for Juhannuslehto Business Park
The power sector and industrial development in Nigeria : case company, Power Holding Company of Nigeria
This paper discusses the Russian electricity reform process up until late 2010. In particular, the paper situates the Russian reform in the international context by comparing it with the experiences of other countries. Further, the paper strives to underline the importance of the reform for the Russian economy at large, both as an inevitable step to avoid a looming energy crisis and as a striking example of implementing a liberal, large-scale economic reform in Putin's Russia.   .
Deregulation of the electricity sector in the EU : legal aspects
Dynamic environmental indicators for smart homes:assessing the role of home energy management systems in achieving decarbonisation goals in the residential sector
Assessment of privatization of the electric power sector in selected ESCWA member countries. Vol. 1, An overview
Cost reduction of permanent magnet synchronous machines
Bolt of fate : Benjamin Franklin and his electric kite hoax
Electrical installations handbook
Expert System Applications in Power Systems
Small-scale wind power : design, analysis, and environmental impacts
How to liberalize a thousand TWh market? : restructuring the Russian power sector
Impacts of capacity remunerative mechanisms on cross-border trade
Multifractality in Nordic electricity markets
Electricity market reform is currently an ongoing process in Russia, promoting competitive wholesale and retail sectors.The overall goal of the reform is to attract investments and to improve the efficiency of the Russian electricity industry.The growing economy is consuming more and more electricity and the old capacity is deteriorating.There have been electricity shortages already and more severe ones are forecasted to occur this winter.Russia needs to speed up the reform and continue the stable development of its economy in order to attract investments to the sector.This could improve the situation in the medium term, but in the short term significant progress can be achieved by improving the efficiency of the electricity sector.  Keywords: Russia, electricity, liberalisation .
Communication networks and systems for power utility automation. Part 7-2, Basic communication structure : Abstract communication service interface (ACSI)
Monitoring the hot-spot temperature and cumulative ageing of distribution transformers
Intelligent information services in environmental applications
Spare part management of an electricity distribution network
Dynamic characteristics of grid-connected three-phase Z-Source inverter in photovoltaic applications
Basic electrical power and machines
Valuation, hedging and speculation in competitive electricity markets : a fundamental approach
External environmental costs of electric power : analysis and internalization : proceedings of a German-American workshop, held at Ladenburg, FRG, October 23-25, 1990
Active filter design
Electrical circuit theory and technology
Energy efficient lighting systems in buildings with integrated photovoltaics
Transmission & distribution world
Supply chain development of photovoltaic energy systems : a critical analysis of the consumer's role : case study Ghana
Russko-anglijskij slovar' : (dlâ èlektroènergetiki) = Russian-English : (for electric power engineering) ; Anglo-russkij slovar' : (dlâ èlektroènergetiki) = English-Russian : (for electric power engineering)
Electrical power system essentials
Customer benefits of demand-side management in the Nordic electricity market
Factors affecting stable operation of grid-connected three-phase photovoltaic inverters
Inhibited electrical discharges in air
Modeling and experimental investigation of lightning arcs and overvoltages for medium voltage distribution lines
Electronics technology : devices and circuits
'Eco' trends ensure increased uptake of electric drives
Abstract: New energy performance certificate.
Russian electricity sector / reform and prospects
Electricity
New advances in power systems : proceedings of the 7th WSEAS international conference on power systems
Hydroelectricity and Development in Northern Finland and Northern Québec
IVO International review
Physics for engineers and scientists
Assessment of privatization of the electric power sector in selected ESCWA member countries. Vol. 4, Case study of Yemen
Power quality improving with virtual flux-based voltage source line converter
Test methodology and characterization of batteries for remote power applications
Fundamentals of thermophotovoltaic energy conversion
Electricity metering equipment (a.c.) = Equipment de comptage de l'électricité (c.a.). Part 21 = Partie 21, Particular requirements - Static meters for active energy (classes 1 and 2) = Prescriptions particulières - Compteurs statiques d'énergie active (classes 1 et 2)
Energy consumption of workstations and external devices in school of business and information technology
Issues in discontinuous space-vector modulation and grid-current control of three-wire three-level static synchronous compensator
Power conversion of renewable energy systems
Hughes electrical and electronic technology
Guide to electric power generation
Communication networks and systems for power utility automation. Part 7-4, Basic communication structure : Compatible logical node classes and data object classes
Communication networks and systems for power utility automation. Part 7-3, Basic communication structure : Common data classes = Réseayx et systèmes de communication pour l'automatisation des systèmes électriques. Partie 7-3, Structure de communication de base : Classes de données communes
Solar Energy : A Sustainable Solution to Rural Electricity Problems in Nigeria
Review of insufficient power supply and effort to promote renewable energy technologies in Ghana
Solar Energy Automobile
Phases of a network : from a breakthrough to a national system
Power supply, energy management and catenary problems
Swedish retail electricity distribution : a non-parametric approach to efficiency and productivity change
The energy and energy distribution of auroral electrons
Communication networks and systems for power utility automation. Part 7-420, Basic communication structure : distributed energy resources logical nodes
Electric and hybrid-electric vehicles. Engines and powertrains
A probabilistic method for comprehensive voltage sag management in power distribution systems
How to succeed with a thousand TWH reform? : restructuring the Russian power sector
Europe's energy position : annual report
Power from the wind
Models of Financing Smart Grid Projects Abroad
Perspectives on Russia's energy sector
Integrating low voltage distribution systems to distribution automation
Solar Photovoltaic
The synthesis and characterization of screen printed (Bi, Pb)-Sr-Ca-Cu-O superconducting thick films
Sectoral approaches in electricity : building bridges to a safe climate
Electrical power systems quality
Power system operations and electricity markets
Pienjännitekeskukset : standardi = Low-voltage switchgear and controlgear assemblies. Osa = Part 1, Yleiset vaatimukset = General rules
Assessment of privatization of the electric power sector in selected ESCWA member countries. Vol. 3, Case study of Jordan
Power system harmonic analysis
The electrical manufacturers 1875-1900
Understanding power quality problems : voltage sags and interruptions
Switched mode power supplies : design and construction
Positive persuasion : designing enjoyable energy feedback experiences in the home
Computational intelligence applications in smart grids : enabling methodologies for proactive and self-organizing power systems
Linear time-invariant systems
Pienjännitekeskukset : standardi = Low-voltage switchgear and controlgear assemblies. Osa 2 = Part 2, Ammattikäyttöön tarkoitetut kojeistot = Power switchgear and controlgear assemblies
Voltage-sourced converters in power systems : modeling, control, and applications
Energy sector in Russia : economic and business outlook
Analysis Of Biomass Waste Potentials For Electrical Energy Generation In Ghana
In situ calibration of voltage transformers on the Swedish National Grid
Renewable electricity in Europe : current state, drivers, and scenarios for 2020
Electrical and nuclear energy : focus science series
Economic perspectives and social acceptance of possible increase in the small scale hydropower plants in Finland
Building services engineering
Electronic power control
Opportunities for Finnish firms in Nepal's energy sector : research on hydropower
Electricity metering equipment (a.c.) = Equipment de comptage de l'électricité (c.a.). Part 22 = Partie 22, Particular requirements - Static meters for active energy (classes 0,2 S and 0,5 S) = Prescriptions particulières - Compteurs statiques d'énergie active (classes 0,2 S et 0,5 S)
Hydropower Reservoir and Sedimentation : A Study of Nam Ngum Reservoir
Life Cycle Assessment and Comparison of Power, Light, and Content Options for the SunEdu Project
Electricity metering equipment (a.c.) = Equipment de comptage de l'électricité (c.a.). Part 23 = Partie 23, Particular requirements - Static meters for active energy (classes 2 and 3) = Prescriptions particulières - Compteurs statiques d'énergie active (classes 2 et 3)
Dynamic cooperative electricity exchange in a power pool
Measuring willingness to pay for electricity : July 2002
No analysis of the Russian economy today can ignore the role of energy production. Russia is the world's largest producer of crude oil and natural gas, the world's third largest consumer of energy and a global giant in hydrocarbon exports. But just how big is the actual contribution of oil and gas production to national economic output? Who is discovering, pumping and shipping Russia's oil? What is the energy sector's role in government revenue and Russia's external balance? This issue of BOFIT Online comprises nine short articles with timely insights into the challenges facing Russia's energy sector.  Key words: Russia, energy, natural gas, oil, state economy, electricity production .
The evolution of electric power transmission under deregulation : selected readings
Distributed electricity generation and its possibilities for meeting and the targets of energy and climate policies
Electricity from renewable resources : status, prospects and impediments
Sähköenergian mittaus : Electricity metering. Osa 2 = Part 2, Sähköenergiamittaristandardit = Electricity metering equipment standards
The Wind farm effect to the Distribution system
Condition monitoring and assessment of power transformers using computational intelligence
Building services handbook
Electricity market reform : an international perspective
Supplying small solar photovoltaic systems to Hanoi, Vietnam
The adoption of photovoltaic micro production systems in Finland
Transient stability of power systems : a unified approach to assessment and control
A model for electric power capacity expansion planning under uncertain conditions
Electrochemical technologies for energy storage and conversion. Vol. 1 & Vol. 2
"This book addresses energy supply intermittency systematically. Offering a scholarly assessment and collection of the existing literature, the text describes different levels of variability for traditional and renewable energy sources, presenting detailed solutions for handling energy intermittency through trade, collaboration, demand management, and active energy storage. It also provides simulation studies regarding resource time-flow, energy conversion devices, and demand structure to assist energy planners and system-responsible entities in government agencies and private energy enterprises in evaluating the technical viability of the proposed solutions"--
Solar energy perspectives
Electricity in the Russian Barents region
Enterprises energy sustainability: ICT approach
Series active power filter in power conditioning
Technical improvements of Windside wind turbine systems
Households' willingness to engage in demand response in the Finnish retail electricity market : an empirical study
Business Opportunities of Solar Photovoltaic Home Systems in Vietnam : case study: FOSERA Co. Ltd.
The strategic implications of China's energy needs
Renewable Energy Systems : Advanced Conversion Technologies and Applications
The electrical engineering handbook. Systems, controls, embedded systems, energy, and machines
Configuration management of medium voltage electricity distribution network
Practical electrical network automation and communication systems
Cross-border transmission capacity development : experiences from the Nordic electricity markets
Electric power system applications of optimization
Electric power systems
Capacity market in Russia : addressing the energy trilemma
Smart grid : linking sustainable electricity provision and consumption
"A component in the America's Energy Future study, Electricity from Renewable Resources examines the technical potential for electric power generation with alternative sources such as wind, solar-photovoltaic, geothermal, solar-thermal, hydroelectric, and other renewable sources. The book focuses on those renewable sources that show the most promise for initial commercial deployment within 10 years and will lead to a substantial impact on the U.S. energy system. A quantitative characterization of technologies, this book lays out expectations of costs, performance, and impacts, as well as barriers and research and development needs. In addition to a principal focus on renewable energy technologies for power generation, the book addresses the challenges of incorporating such technologies into the power grid, as well as potential improvements in the national electricity grid that could enable better and more extensive utilization of wind, solar-thermal, solar photovoltaics, and other renewable technologies."--Publisher's description.
Managing energy price risk
Wind-solar Hybrid Power System
Risks and prospects of smart electric grids systems measured with real options
High voltage circuit breakers : design and applications
Lights out : a cyberattack : a nation unprepared : surviving the aftermath
Electricity trade in Europe : review of economic and regulatory challenges
Uninterruptible power supplies and standby power systems
Rechargeable batteries applications handbook : Gates Energy products
Evaluation of renewable energy development in power generation : system dynamics approach for the Nordic Countries
Electric power principles : sources, conversion, distribution and use
Communication networks and systems in substations. Part 10, Conformance testing
Finding value in big data : statistical analysis of large data sets with applications in electric power systems
Edison to Enron : energy markets and political strategies
"Around the world, countries and companies are investing in solar generation capacity on an unprecedented scale, and, as a consequence, costs continue to fall and technologies improve. This publication gives an authoritative view of these technologies and market trends, in both advanced and developing economies, while providing examples of the best and most advanced practices.  It also provides a unique guide for policy makers, industry representatives and concerned stakeholders on how best to use, combine and successfully promote the major categories of solar energy: solar heating and cooling, photovoltaic and solar thermal electricity, as well as solar fuels." --
Do current electricity market designs ensure a sufficient electricity supply at all times? This topic is currently the subject of intense debate across Europe, and several major countries such as Germany, the UK, France and Italy have decided that additional measures - so-called capacity remuneration mechanisms - are needed to supplement current market designs. This report describes and analyses the advantages and disadvantages of a range of measures proposed or currently implemented across Europe, and includes both best estimates of how the implementation of these measures will impact Nordic electricity prices as well as recommendations to the Nordic countries regarding a cost-efficient path to ensuring the Nordic security of supply.
Diffusion of smart meters in Central East Europe
