http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12228 practical nurses
practical nurses
Interactive two-step training and management strategy for improvement of the quality of point-of-care testing by nurses : implementation of the strategy in blood glucose measurement
Community health promotion : challenges for practice
The art, science and spirit of nursing
Community as partner : theory and practice in nursing
Neoliberal postcolonialism in the media : constructing Filipino nurse subjects in Finland
Ethnically diverse patients’ perceptions and expectations on the importance of culturally competent care in primary health care settings : A Literature Review
Primary care visits in the Finnish occupational health services and their connections to prevention and work-related factors
Hartman's nursing assistant care : long-term care
Abstract: Primary care nurses' attitudes toward depression and its treatment.
A textbook for nursing assistants
My patient - my nurse : a guide to primary nursing
National core curricula for health care education at lower level in Finland : translation of the main parts
Internet as a trade union tool : WageIndicator and Finnish nurses as an example
Nursing-related qualities, personality and work satisfaction : assistant nurses in a ten-year perspective
Psychiatric and mental health essentials in primary care
Promotion of school community staff's occupational well-being in co-operation with occupational health nurses : participatory action research in Eastern Finland in 2001-2004
Educating generalists : flexibility and identity in auxiliary nursing in Finland
Peer facilitation and multifaceted intervention in guideline implementation : enhancing care of cardiovascular diseases in primary care
Workplace culture in primary health care : the connection to nursing-sensitive outcomes
Community health nursing : frameworks for practice
Public health skills : a practical guide for nurses & public health practitioners
Health-related quality of life in school children : validation of instrument, child self assessment, parent-proxy assessment and school nursing documentation of health check-ups
My patient - my nurse
English summary.
The purpose of the study was to describe the experiences of registered nurses working in the reception of primary health care about their own abilities of recognizing and broaching violence against women in relationships. We also included the necessity of further education to the study. The material was collected by using the methods of focused interview by interviewing two registered nurses in the reception of primary health care who have been working 9-22 years. The acquired materials were analyzed by inductive material-oriented analyzing method. Results show that registered nurses experience recognition and broaching of domestic violence challenging and difficult without physical signs. Registered nurses experience that they need more charges and education about domestic violence. The use of questionnaires about violence was seen useful. Experience of domestic violence issues were seen helpful and important. Based on the results there is a small amount of further education and it was needed. Different kind of questionnaires was seen useful for broaching. In the future there could be developed a thesis as a project about recognition and broaching of domestic violence. The thesis could be a guide book or an education day. It would be also interesting to study from children ́s perspectives the experiences of living in a violent family or the effects of registered nurse ́s own background and own experiences to broaching.
The experiences and perception of Somali clients and Finnish nurses in primary health care services
The participation of informal caregivers and care quality in the hospital care of elderly patients aged 75 or older : a time series study in three care settings
Near you
Public health nursing in primary health care based on the population responsibility principle
Community health nursing : primary health care in practice
