http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1223 cars
cars automobiles
Launching Avant Compact Multi-functional Loaders in Southeast Asia  : Golf, Construction, Landscaping and Property Maintenance Industries
THE CONCISE ILLUSTRATED BOOKOF MODERN SPORTS CAR
Business plan for establishing an auto car-washing service in Hanoi, Vietnam
VW Polo : owners workshop manual
Policies and strategies for effective local governance : fiscal autonomy of the district assemblies in Ghana
My little book of cars
Seat Ibiza & Cordoba : [Oct 1993 to Oct 1999 (L to V registration) petrol & diesel] : service and repair manual
Things that go
Speed management : a road safety manual for decision-makers and practitioners
First book of tractors and trucks
Effective outsourcing throughout the supply chain in the automotive industry
Automobile electrical and electronic systems : The Haynes manual for understanding and troubleshooting automobile electrical and electronic systems
Reducing Emissions by Practical Solutions in Port of Mussalo
Motor mouth
The World of automobiles 19 : Star-Swe. 19.
Converting a 90 ́s Nissan 200SX into a Flexible Fuel Vehicle.
Amy & Roger's epic detour
Moottoriajoneuvot = Motorfordon = Motor vehicles in Finland. 2006.
The world's great marques
The World of automobiles 20 : Swi-TVR. 20.
Traffic : why we drive the way we do (and what it says about us)
This Bachelor's thesis was commissioned by a firm called “IGO Toiminimi“ and the aim of it was to develop a web application to help both the company and private users to post and advertise cars they are selling, renting or exchanging. To develop this application few technologies and tools were used. They include PHP, MySQL, HTML, JavaScript, CSS, Bootstrap (to design the interface) and Sublime Text (as a source code editor). It was able to use these tools and technologies by integrating each other to give the desired output. As a result there is a working program that runs in a “localhost” server connection. Users can register and log in to the system in order to interact with the application. As it has not been tested on a real working server on a web, in future the development requires more options for the users for a better interaction with the system in a user friendly and easy way. More technologies might also need to be introduced for a faster and better outcome.
Classics monthly : e-lehti
Lengthening the life cycle of automobiles as a business idea : Case studies Fangmbeng & Son’s Shipping ay
Analysis of the quality of wastewater from the service stations located in the operative area of Helsinki Region Environmental Services Authority
The World of automobiles 14 : Oil f-Pet. 14.
Sports cars : the world's hottest sports cars in 500 great photos
Ford chronicle : a pictorial history from 1893
Design and Simulation of Tail Lifts for Truck
The Safety Design Research of a LNG Carrier Vehicle
How to build real hot rods
Quality management implementation in Russian automotive industry. Case: PKC Group Russian unit "AEK".
The World of automobiles 15 : Peu-Rai. 15.
Importing classic cars : business plan, execution and previous outcomes
A Fuel Cell Application and Beijing Air Pollution Control
REMOTE CONTROLLED CAR HEATER USING A RASPBERRY PI
The Way of Chery to Achieve the Most Successful Auto Brand in China
Design of Dedicated Elevator for 4S Shop Car Maintenance
The World ́s Strangest Automobiles
How to build your own engine coffee table
THE ILLUSTRATED ENCYCLOPEDIA OF AUTOMOBILES
Saab turbo : 99 and 900 series
The car makers
The World of automobiles 17 : Rolls-Sh. 17.
Event marketing in car industry : case: Carfest
Luxury toys
Automotive Ethernet
The world of cars
Car rental for employees' business trips :  survey in Turku region
The World of automobiles 22 : Wal-Zul & subject guide. 22.
Online Business Strategy: Mazda Motor Europe GmbH
Market Opportunities for Automotive Components Used in Non-automotive Applications Manufacturing : Estonian Industrial Market
Car Alarm System Engineered In Arduino Environment
Sperling and Gordon outline the problem in full and assign blame squarely where it belongs--on the auto-industry, short-sighted government policies, and consumers. They consider the issue from all angles and take up such topics as getting beyond the gas-guzzler monoculture, breaking Detroit's hold on energy and climate policy, the search for low-carbon fuels, California's pioneering role, and more. --  Promising advances in both transportation technology and fuel efficiency together with shifts in traveler behavior, they suggest, offer us a way out of our predicament. -- Ultimately, the authors contend that the two places that have the most troublesome emissions problems, California and China, are the most likely to become world leaders on these issues
GREAT SPORTS CARS OF THE WORLD
Cars : facts at your fingertips
The World of automobiles 1 : Aa-aus. 1.
Solar Energy Automobile
Great Britain's best trips : 36 amazing road trips
Mighty trucks
The World of automobiles 2 : Aus-Bri. 2.
This research focused in comparing the received customer feedback of the worldwide operating Sixt Rent a Car in the franchise countries Finland and Sweden. Objective of the thesis was to find out the differences in the success factors between the two neighbouring markets, discovering points of development in for customer satisfaction. The main research method was quantitative desktop study on the received customer feedback for observation period of one year. The main research was reinforced by qualitative research into the received verbal feedback commentary and by expert interviews with the management personnel of Sixt Finland and Sixt Sweden. The development suggestions are intersection of the research findings and the theoretical framework addressing service management, customer behaviour, customer satisfaction and the concepts of customer journey mapping and quality perception. Factual market differences between the countries concerning car rental industry were also addressed to ensure the validity and relevance of the study. Main findings of the research revealed that for the observation period, the overall received customer feedback was slightly better in favour of Sixt Sweden. Main reasons covered in the conclusions include differing organizational structures, difference in the vehicle fleet composition and cultural differences between the countries and organizations. Relating to the market size of the countries, also the business volumes can be seen as one factor affecting customer feedback. The development suggestions introduced are centred on the importance of customer-based thinking. Various themes e.g. customer service situations, communication, vehicles, premises and attitudes of the customer service personnel are covered in the development draft.
Utilizing social media in marketing and brand building
Charging of electric vehicles is becoming more and more common. Charging of electric vehicles does not only need a functioning infrastructure but also various information systems to handle data in the process. The purpose of this thesis was to study how a completely new information system for handling energy information collected in the process of charging electric cars could be built by using existing energy sector information systems. The research problem for this thesis was provided by Empower IM Oy. The research for this thesis was mainly done by studying the OCPP protocol and design documents of Empower IM’s information systems. Some of the information was collected by interviewing specialists and by participating in meetings and presentations. The end result of this thesis is a data model for ESSP, a study of the OCPP protocol and use cases how the OCPP is used in ESSP functions. The data model describes how the objects of electric vehicle charging are modelled using the EnerIM CIS database.
Gamification in automotive marketing : A conceptual framework for implementation
Lorries, trucks and vans : 1927-1973
Crash into you
Development of a prototybe web shop
Do you need to get up to date with the world's most popular networking technology? With this resource you will discover everything you need to know about Ethernet and its implementation in the automotive industry. Enhance your technical understanding and better inform your decision-making process so that you can experience the benefits of Ethernet implementation. From new market opportunities, to lower costs, and less complex processes; this is the first book to provide a comprehensive overview of automotive Ethernet. Covering electromagnetic requirements and physical layer technologies, Quality of Service, the use of VLANs, IP, and Service Discovery, as well as network architecture and testing, this unique and comprehensive resource is a must have, whether you are a professional in the automotive industry, or an academic who needs a detailed overview of this revolutionary technology and its historical background.
The Online Market of Wheels and Tires in Russia
Street rod U.S.A
Social contagion of autonomous motivation among professional educators : as a resource of leadership in schools
Automation of electric vehicle and development prospects
Tough trucks
Vintage cars : the finest prewar automobiles
The World of automobiles 13 : Mosp-Oil a. 13.
Lonely Planet Pacific Coast highways road trips
Car and driver: e-lehti
How to draw trucks and cars
Development of a strategy to attract and keep business customers
The world's strangest automobiles
Custom cars
Handbook of driving simulation for engineering, medicine, and psychology
Route 66 : road trips
Richard Scarry's cars
The new art of autobiography : an essay on the Life of Giambattista Vico written by himself
The age of cars
Automotive engineering : powertrain, chassis system and vehicle body
Aspects of electric vehicles and demand response in electricity grids
MUSCLE CARS
The World of automobiles : an illustrated encyclopedia of the motor car. 5, Dai/Enf
The World of automobiles 4 : Chit-Daf. 4.
Noddy and his car
Lets talk about vehicles
The World of automobiles : an illustrated encyclopedia of the motor car. 3, Bri/Chir
Motor cars : 1770 - 1940
Where do diggers sleep at night?
THE ROLE OF AVIS IN TOURISM DEVELOPMENT IN NIGERIA
Land Rover : the story of the car that conquered the world
Ireland's best trips : 34 amazing road trips
Effects of electric vehicles charging on the power system
Development, implementation and evaluation of an architecture for vehicle-to-vehicle and vehicle-to-infrastructure networking
The World of automobiles 10 : Jar-Lin. 10.
Classic cars : the golden years
Big rigs : on the road with the world's best semi trucks
The World of automobiles 16 : Ral-Rolla. 16.
Gliadin-specific immune responses in the development and prediction of celiac disease in children
Can you see what I see? : Trucks & cars
The World of automobiles 7 : Fren-Gre. 7.
Automotive engineering
Max power : top mad motors, top totty, top ice, top cruises, top speed, top book
Significance of the car industry in EU countries
Motor trend : e-lehti
CARS INTERNATIONAL 1990.
My first book of sounds
Dogs in cars
The World of automobiles : an illustrated encyclopedia of the motor car. 4, Chit/Daf
Moottoriajoneuvot = Motor vehicles in Finland. 1999.
The big noisy book of things that go
WORLD CARS 1975.
Behavioural adaptation and road safety : theory, evidence, and action
Modern car technology
Ford Fiesta service and repair manual
Volvo 940  : service and repair manual
The World of automobiles : an illustrated encyclopedia of the motor car. 7, Frer/Gre
Gears and gear drives
Cars
Conversion Of An Ordinary Car To Fuel-cell Vehicle
Scirocco as a Game Controller : Friday Test #2
The World of automobiles : an illustrated encyclopedia of the motor car. 8, Gro/Hot
Future Orientation and Outlook for Vehicle and Transportation Bachelor Education in Oulu UAS
Automotive factory network renewal
Pathogenesis and autoimmunity initiated by a viral protein-induced apoptotic bodies
This thesis is targeting to develop and engineer a burglar alarm system prototype using the software and hardware environment Arduino, which is originally manufactured by Smart Projects. The system under development provides a versatile theft inhibition hardware configuration for the holder of the system. It also provides vehicle localization enabling features in case of theft. In the final project, the aim is not to reach commercial benefit. The aim is to get familiar with software libraries and information offered by Arduino environment, GPS utilizing standard NMEA0183 and SIM900 with AT commands. This project examines burglar alarm system engineering from a commercially neutral point of view. Most of the sources have been published by companies, but without these essential resources it would be extremely complicated to engineer the software. In process of this final project, the functional requirements and hardware are defined. Then the embedded software is implemented. Finally, the achievements are explored and the final outcome is discussed. With the available resources for the project, it was feasible to create a project plan. The project plan describes how the burglar alarm system should work. A partial software was engineered and it was ready to use few AT commands. Also, the hardware design was put together. The GSM/GPRS Quadband module was assembled into the Arduino Mega 2560, and an anti-theft immobilizer relay was soldered into a circuit board. The PIR-sensor was acquired and connected to the Arduino Mega 2560.
Exporting of Used Automobile Parts from Finland to Nigeria
Cars we loved in the 1980s
The World of automobiles : an illustrated encyclopedia of the motor car. 21, Two/Wag
Tools and rules : cars
Modern sports cars
As quintessentially British as a plate of fish and chips or a British Bulldog, the boxy, utilitarian Land Rover Defender has become an iconic part of what it is to be British.
The great book of muscle cars by the auto editors of consumer guide
Italy's best trips : 40 amazing road trips
The World of automobiles 12 : Mercu-Mosk. 12.
Connected vehicles : can V2V communication and internet connectivity improve safety?
Model Based Engineering : Robot Car
Muscle cars : the meanest power on the road
Selection criteria for car rental customers at Helsinki Airport : Customer survey
Differences in taxation on heavy goods vehicles in Europe
The new encyclopedia of motorcars 1885 to the present
Analysis of Success Factors of Mergers and Acquisitions in the Automotive Industry
Improving the supply chain management for car spare parts
Noddy and the driving lesson
Scirocco as a Game Controller : Friday Test #1
The World of automobiles : an illustrated encyclopedia of the motor car. 2, Aus/Bri
The encyclopedia of cars
Building a foundation for an energy station service platform
Worth
NFT : Not for tourists guide to Los Angeles 2016
New England's best trips : 31 amazing road trips
The Pacific Northwest's best trips : 32 amazing road trips
Dream cars : style for tomorrow
Portsmouth city bus route online information system
ATZ offhighway : ATZ extra
Improving the aerodynamics of a cooling system of a Formula Student car
Two billion cars : driving towards sustainability
Carbon footprint of the raw materials of an urban transit bus : case study: diesel, hybrid, electric and converted electric bus
Renewing Marketing Strategy in Kenyan Automobile Industry
The World of automobiles 9 : How-Jag. 9.
Constructing identities in San Andreas : characterizing the protagonists in Grand Theft Auto V
Great cars
Tutkimus henkilöauton kriitillisistä korroosiokohdista = Investigation of critical corrosion points of some passanger cars in Finland
World cars 1981.
The World of automobiles : an illustrated encyclopedia of the motor car. 20, Swi/TVR
A-Z of cars 1945-1970
The World of automobiles 3 : Bri-Chir. 3.
A Marketing Analysis of Jiangling Motors Co., Ltd., China
The world's fastest cars
The World of automobiles : an illustrated encyclopedia of the motor car. 12, Mercu/Mosk
Ford-based kit cars
Promoting CarP, through marketing communication tools
Grease machines : a complete guide to hot rods and customized cars of the fifties
France's best trips : 38 amazing road trips
USA on the road
The World of automobiles : an illustrated encyclopedia of the motor car. 1, Aa/Aus
The World of automobiles : an illustrated encyclopedia of the motor car. 22, Wal/Zu & Subject Guide
Melvin might?
National km-tax for passenger cars cost estimation
"This book presents an exhaustive compilation of state-of-the-art research and theory into the causes and consequences of behavioral adaptation in road transport/road safety and systems. It brings together earlier and more recent theories on behavioral adaptation, combined with practical advice and methods to minimize the potential impact of behavioral adaptation on the road transport system and road user safety. This text is an essential component of any road safety library, benefiting researchers, practitioners, designers and policy-makers interested in maximizing safety while encouraging innovation and excellence in road transport-related design"--
Customer satisfaction development research : comparison of the customer feedback success factors of Sixt Finland and Sixt Sweden
Gender and the telephone : voice and emotions shaping and gendering space
Cars We Loved In The 1950s
The World of automobiles 11 : Lis-Merce. 11.
Racing cars
The world of automobiles : an illustrated encyclopedia of the motor car. 11, Lis/Merce
Preliminary thermodynamic design of a stirling cooler for mobile air conditioning systems : technical report
The last summer of us : where do we go from here?
The World of automobiles 5 : Dai-Enf. 5.
A man called Ove
California's best trips : 33 amazing road trips
A study of Vico's autobiography, this volume places the work within the development of the genre. The author argues that Vico made the telling of his own life an application of his philosophy on human history and considers it in relation to Augustine's "Confessions" and Descartes' "Discourse".
Starting a Small Business in Tampere Region in Finland : Business plan
The World of automobiles 6 : Eng-Fren. 6.
The World of automobiles 18 : Si-Stan. 18.
Art of the Corvette
Loyalty marketing in automobile dealerships : case: car dealer X
A STUDY OF THE PROFITABILITY OF A CAR IMPORT TO FINLAND
Adding value through social media : case Autokiila
Hydrogen fuel cell vehicle and a stand-alone renewable energy-based refuelling station
Stanley's garage
Elite cars : an exciting look at the most expensive, exotic, and elegant cars in the world
The World of automobiles 8 : Gro-Hot. 8.
Europe's best trips : 40 amazing road trips
The Sebastian Vettel quiz book : 100 Questions On The German Racing Driver
In the EU countries, the car industry is of greatest significance to GDP and employment in Germany and some countries in East-Central Europe. In these countries a shock to the car industry could have a heavy impact on the national economy. The industry accounts for some 10% of the EU's goods exports..
VW Polo : owners workshop manual : step-by-step maintenance and repair
Sports-cars and convertibles
The World of automobiles : an illustrated encyclopedia of the motor car. 6, Eng/Fren
The World of automobiles : an illustrated encyclopedia of the motor car. 19, Star/Swe
The complete idiot's guide to trouble-free car care
Autocar : Helsinki
The World of automobiles 21 : Two-Wag. 21.
Reallocating local transport bus fleet for competitive tendering contracts : case: Koiviston Auto Corporation
Trabant trek : crossing the world in a plastic car
