http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12202 nonfiction (literature)
nonfiction (literature)
The new Fontana dictionary of modern thought
Goethe : the Collected Works 12
Haunted America FAQ : all that's left to know about the most haunted houses, cemeteries, battlefields, and more
A historical catalogue of scientists and scientific books from the earliest times to the close of the nineteenth century
Does it really rain frogs?
Select bibliography
"Pirates have been a subject of fascination for hundreds of years, inspiring a mixture of terror and admiration. The existence of a pirate held appeal to many--a life of violence, danger, comradeship and plunder often seemed preferable to a life of low pay and poor conditions aboard a merchant ship. Narrowing the 'Golden Age of Piracy' to a brief but bloody decade in the early 18th century, Angus Konstam and David Rickman here cast aside the myths and stereotypes surrounding the pirate of this time and instead present what pirate life and appearance was really like in the most fascinating period of their history."--P. [4] of cover.
Inspired guesswork : Tieto-Finlandia
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 1987 = statistisk årsbok för Finland = statistical yearbook of Finland
Using books in the primary school
Religion, learning and science in the 'Abbasid period
Wool
History of Indian literature. 3, 2, Scientific literature
Pirate : the Golden Age
A companion to digital humanities
New children's and youth books
Matters of fact : aspects of non-fiction for children
Translating knowledge in the Early Modern Low Countries
The reading of theoretical texts : a critique of criticism in the social sciences
The ultimate business library : 50 books that shaped management thinking
Rhetoric and representation : exploring the cultural meaning of the natural sciences in contemporary popular science writing and literature
Information comics : knowledge transfer in a popular format
Bibliography : literature concerning the northern parts of Finland, Norway and Sweden published in the years 1950-1959
Getting it published : a guide for scholars and anyone else serious about serious books
Asian American literature. Volume 2, Prose : fiction and non-fiction
Writing nonfiction : turning thoughts into books
Philosophy through literature : the cognitive value of philosophical fiction
Countdown to non-fiction writing : step by step approach to writing techniques for 7-12 years
Excellent and entertaining non-fiction for children
Public libraries in Finland / Gateways to knowledge and culture
Semantics : a bibliography, 1979-195
Will ants save mankind?
Child birth
With Christmas in Mind
Music in the British Isles 1700 to 1800 : a bibliography of literature
My first book about how things grow
The poetic of the bit : the interpretation and textual processes of digital fiction from an ergodic semiotic perspective.
Suomen tieteellisten kirjastojen opas = Finlands vetenskapliga bibliotek : en orientering = Guide to the research libraries of Finland
Informational text in K-3 classrooms : helping children read and write
Darkness over Denmark : the Danish resistance and the rescue of the Jews
Big book of sea creatures
Do you have students whose nonfiction writing is formulaic, devoid of energy and voice? In Making Nonfiction from scratch bestselling PD and children's book author Ralph Fletcher offers a candid critique of how nonfiction writing is often taught in schools and gives teachers the inspiration and strategies they need to help their students write authentic nonfiction. Skilled nonfiction writers draw on strategies, techniques, and craft found in other genres: poetry, comedy, even mystery. Without those elements, nonfiction would be dry and dull. Making Nonfiction from Scratch helps bring all of those aspects together and shows how each genre can enrich nonfiction writing. Ralph emphasizes the power of choice, mentor texts, and nonfiction read-alouds in making nonfiction an everyday part of classrooms. 'Classroom Connection' sections throughout the book suggest immediate, practical strategies for putting the ideas in the book to use. Two case studies and a chapter on the dos and don'ts of nonfiction writing instruction round out this short, practical book. Any informational writing should be insightful, accurate, and well organized -- but it doesn't have to be boring. Ralph invites you to make your classroom a place where students can create delicious nonfiction full of passion, voice, and insight.
Write fantastic non-fiction and get it published
Quantifiers and their translation in children's non-fiction
The Circle
I am Pilgrim : a thriller
Learning the hard way : how a narrative structure can bring out the positive power of failure
An international Handel bibliography = Internationale Händel-Bibliographie (1959-2009)
Differences between fact and fiction : an analysis of selected cohesive aspects and their effect on readability in Dan Brown's Da Vinci code
Western musicologist on Hindustani music
Covers what narrative writers need to know, from understanding story theory and structure, to mastering point of view and such basic elements as scene, action, and character, to drafting, revising, and editing work for publication. This book reveals the stories behind the stories.
A handbook of Korea
Bibliografi musik : koleksi Perpustakaan Nasional RI = The bibliography of music : collection of National Library of Indonesia
"A literary analysis of the popular genre of the informal primatology field narrative. Explores the works of Jane Goodall, Dian Fossey, Robert Sapolsky, and others in the contexts of scientific, literary, and conservation discourses"--
Encyclopedia of Latin American and Caribbean literature, 1900-2003
A brief guide to C. S. Lewis
Ultimate visual dictionary 2001.
Book 2010 : development trends in the book trade - summary
Die Orgelbauerfamilie Silbermann : Bibliographie zu ihrem Leben und Werk = Silbermann - a family of organ builders : a bibliography of their life and work
The eye of minds
On documentation of scientific literature
How much do you know about the world of Harry Potter? Do you know every creature, spell, and Hogwarts professor? Who played each character in the films? And what about the many uses for dragon blood? This amazing quiz book features 400 questions to test your knowledge of everything Potter. Moving from easy questions that a muggle could answer through to trivia that the Wizengamot would consider beyond them, this book will be fun for the whole family. Test your Harry Potter knowledge and see if you are the ultimate fan!
Ballet in England : a bibliography and survey : c. 1700-June 1966
Odd man out? : the self-educated philosopher and his social analyses of 19th-century Finland
Bibliography of semiotics : 1975-1985
Starting to fail : what startups can learn from failure
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 1989 = statistisk årsbok för Finland = statistical yearbook of Finland
The extent of empirical evidence that could inform evidence-based design of programming languages : a systematic mapping study
Making nonfiction from scratch
The traditional folk music and dances of Spain : a bibliographical guide to research. Volume 1
Market research
The treatise on perspective : published and unpublished / edited by Lyle Massey
Indian music literature : a compendium
YEARBOOK OF NORDIC STATISTICS 1977.
Lappi = Lappland : Keskiyön auringon maa = Midnattssolens land = The land of midnight sun = Das Land der Mitternachtssonne ; Matti Poutvaara
Storycraft : the complete guide to writing narrative nonfiction
Mannerheim-bibliografia = A select bibliography of Marshal Mannerheim
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 1985/86 = statistisk årsbok för Finland = statistical yearbook of Finland
Storytelling apes : primatology narratives past and future
Can we save the tiger?
The encyclopedia of wood : a tree-by-tree guide to the world's most versatile resource
Canadian locations for international polar science literature
Japan : an illustrated encyclopedia
Britain and the world, 1789-1901
The sea chart / the illustrated history of nautical maps and navigation charts
The book of imaginary beings
The story of science : from the writings of Aristotle to the big bang theory
The shift omnibus
Early years non-fiction : a guide to helping young researchers use and enjoy information texts
Knowing poetry : verse in medieval France from The rose to the rhétoriqueurs
The Introvert & Extrovert in Love : making it work when opposites attract
The history of music : an index to the literature available in a selected group of musicological publications
Translating Cultural References in Non-fiction : a study with two history texts
The Hungarian writer of the Lost Time : memory and poetical imitation in Krúdy Gyula’s work
Conducting research literature reviews : from the Internet to paper
The Beatles bibliography : a new guide to literature
The Usborne illustrated encyclopedia : the natural world
"In this extraordinary book, conservationist Martin Jenkins and illustratorVicky White celebrate some of the world's most endangered species and show us why, though nothing is simple, we can and must try to save them"--Back cover.
The reading group handbook : everything you need to know to start your own book club
"Studies in polar research" - a polar monograph series
My big book of facts
Finnish children's and youth books. 8, virikkeitä 3/2002
Modern news reporting
Earth
The new book of knowledge : the children's encyclopedia
Reference in two types of texts
The illustrated history of rock music
The Beatles bibliography : a new guide to literature. Supplement 2013
Fallen eagle : The last days of the third reich
Finland : a cultural encyclopedia
Birth
Harry Potter : the amazing quiz book
