http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12296 forms (physical qualities)
forms (physical qualities)
Genetic and phenotypic variation of the moose <i>(Alces alces)</i>
Usually geomorphology, structural geology and engineering geology provide descriptions of slope instability in quite distinctive ways. This new research is based on combined approaches to providing an integrated view of the operative slope processes. 'Slope Tectonics' is the term adopted here to refer to those deformations that are induced or fully controlled by the slope morphology, and that generate features which can be compared to those created by tectonic activity. Such deformation can be induced by the stress field in a slope which is mainly controlled by gravity, topography and the geological setting created by the geodynamic context. The content of this book includes slope-deformation characterization using morphology and evolution, mechanical behaviour of the material, modes of failure and collapse, influence of lithology and structural features, and the role played by controlling factors. The contributions cover broad aspects of slope tectonics that attempt to underline a multidisciplinary approach, which should create a better framework for studies of slope instability.--
Effects of direct payments on farm performance : the case of dairy farms in northern EU countries
The rise of blended learning - students’ perspectives
Empirical studies on multiangular, hyperspectral, and polarimetric reflectance of natural surfaces
Grammar-based Data Extraction Language (GDEL)
Ipod touch for dummies
Colors versus shapes
Shape : talking about seeing and doing
The artist's guide to perspective
Unveiling the story through portraits : portraiture in social-artistic work
The function of form
Experienced and expected support needs in local sustainable energy action planning (SEAP)
Multidisciplinary Design Optimization in an integrated CAD/FEM environment
Richard Scarry's shapes & opposites
Heat Conduction & Heat Pump Technologies
Distributed multi-objective optimization methods for shape design using evolutionary algorithms and game strategies
Interaction of mire microtopography, water supply, and peat accumulation in boreal mires
Structural landforms : landforms associated with granitic rocks, faults and folded strata
First words : art charts
Climate, earth processes and earth history
The dynamics of foreign versus second language development in Finnish writing
Non-distorting farm support to enhance global food production
Abstract (s. 4) .
Abstract: Well-being in low-income families with children.
Enhancing organizational ambidexterity of the Finnish Defence Forces’ supply chain management
Geometry of conics
1,001 symmetrical patterns book & CD : a complete resource of pattern designs created by evolving symmetrical shapes
The counterfactive mood in Forest Enets and its origin
High precision roundness : final report
Rhetoric and public speech in English republicanism 1642-1681
Pattern-tastic treasure hunt : spot the odd one out with nature
Gender equality in global value chains and the role of Aid for Trade in promoting gender equality and women’s employment in developing countries
Land use response to agricultural policy and market movements on Finnish dairy-farms
Insectism : textile design inspired by visual impression of insects
Expressing social distance in Polish discourse : the use of the grammatical category of person
Chambers adult learners' guide to numeracy: improve your number skills
Touch and feel playbook
My very first book of shapes
Vector pattern library : 200 vector patterns
Input and interaction in deaf families
In this review I examine the geographical patterns of the Finnish mires and the role of regional and local factors that lead to their spatial differentiation. Finland can be divided into three roughly latitudinal mire zones (from south to north): the raised bog zone, the aapa mire zone, and the palsa mire zone. The development of the raised bogs is linked to the dominance of Sphagnum, leading to the growth of a thick peat layer that rises above the level of the mineral soil. The gross morphology of an aapa mire is typically inclined and concave. Here, Sphagnum species are less dominant, probably due to spring floods which keep the mire surface minerotrophic. Both raised bogs and aapa mires have typically regularly-patterned microtopography. Seasonal movements of microtopographical features of the aapa mires reflect the morphological dynamism of the mires. Mires are also important sources of information regarding past environmental changes. Their growth pattern is affected by environmental conditions and they respond sensitively to the changes in effective humidity and other climatic variables. Most of the present microtopographical patterns have formed during the last 3,000 years as a response to gradual cooling of climate. Research on Finnish peat deposits has shown, however, that not all peat-stratigraphical changes are caused by past climate variations. They can also be due to the natural growth dynamics of the mires, such as the long-term development towards drier conditions on the surface of the raised bogs, the rhythmic growth pattern of the low hummocks, and the local changes in water table resulting from growth of hummocks and hollows.
The internationalization through franchising : choices, learning and contract terms in the full-service restaurant industry
My first Oxford book of numbers
Grant information for researchers
Understanding nature : case studies in comparative epistemology
Irish sign language : a cognitive linguistic account
Stripy horse : just for you!
Growth, crown structure and seed production of birch seedlings, grafts and micropropagated plants
This book provides a wide variety of useful examples for each stage of the design process including the creative brief, concept development, design process, printing, display, and marketing. while imparting practical information, examples throughout surprise and inspire. --Résumé de l'éditeur.
Elmer's world : touch and feel
Using die-cut pages the story explores the shapes and colors of an apple tree through the passing of the seasons.
The rise of blended learning : students' perspectives
Nature's patterns : a tapestry in three parts. [Flow]
Poetry into song : performance and analysis of lieder
Virtuality and digital nomadism : an introduction to the LIVE Project (1997-2000)
Landscape studies : an introduction to geomorphology
Rock, time, and landforms
Shape reconstruction from generalized projections
Abstract: Order or autonomy? The concept of power in the Finnish constitutional debate of 1918.
During the recent years blended learning has become more common strategy in higher education. In Oulu University of Applied Sciences School of Business and Information Management blended learning was developed in a project where about 20 teachers from two degree programs developed courses from the point of view of individual, blended and online learning. A focus group interview was organised with voluntary students in order to get insights to student's experiences.     Students wish that they would have activities and feedback along the course - not big assignments or exam at the end of the course. Blended learning should be tied to real life cases which are connected to theories. Two-way interaction plays a critical role when blended learning is used in order to avoid the isolation of students. Learning Cafe type of assignments, where talented students' expertise could be used in coaching, received excellent feedback because of the better interaction.
Polymorphism and versatile solvate formation of thiophanate-methyl
An invariant approach to statistical analysis of shapes
Deformation of glacial materials
The symmetries of things
Practical Business Establishment in Finland : Case: Vietasia private trader
Pure and compensated efficiency of Swedish dairy farms
The concept of form and its change in the music of the Beatles
Elementary dirichlet series and modular forms
Turn the tabs to discover 7 kinds of patterns and 70 first words to see and say in this book with a nature theme.
Richard Scarry's first little learners treasury
Australian sign language (Auslan) : an introduction to sign language linguistics
Learn all about shapes
Mitochondrial form and function in pancreatic β-cells and brown adipocytes
Impacts of agri-environmental policies on land allocation and land prices
Towards a theory of aspectual nesting for new testament Greek
A complex case : a morphosyntactic approach to complexity in early child language
Rethinking Plato's forms
What can you spot? : my first learning
Probabilistic modeling of landscape development and surface water body formation
Conifer crown profile models from terrestrial laser scanning
The effect of topography on the volume of forest growing stock
Khatt va dayirah = Line and circle
An introduction to each of the iPod's onboard applications: connecting to the internet, sending and receiving e-mail, listening to music, watching videos, and synchronizing calendars.  In addition there are hints, tips and suggestions to make the most of the iPod's hidden potential.
Architecture : form, space, & order
Do more faster : techstars lessons to accelerate your startup
Reactive crystallization of an inorganic compound
Design sources for pattern
The study of landforms : a textbook of geomorphology
Design!:  a lively guide to design basics for artists & craftspeople
Local institutions, biological conservation and management of ecosystem dynamics
Prior linguistic knowledge matters : the use of the partitive case in Finnish learner language
Blobitecture : waveform architecture and digital design
Impacts of state aid rules on the voluntary tasks of municipalities in support of local livelihood
Computational Studies of NMR and magneto-optical rotation parameters in water
Nature's patterns : a tapestry in three parts. [Branches]
Business Angels in Brazil : starting up a venture to unite Brazilian entrepreneurs and foreign investors
Canada's heritage of glacial features = L'héritage glaciaire du Canada
Mallet shows how the basic elements of design-- line, scale, distance, shape, color, and other sensory associations-- can open the viewer's outlook toward board perspectives or, conversely, can lock us up in a cage.
Geometric patterns
No abstract
Rethought forms : how do they work?
Operation mode choice and efficiency in the context of perceived uncertainty : case of Finnish firms in Asia
Modelling the rejection probability of a quality test consisting of multiple measurements
Effective package design balances aesthetic considerations such as shape, color, materials, typography, imagery, and printing techniques with practical requirements such as shelf display, branding, and marketing requirements. Packaging Essentials is an end-to-end instructive and motivating guide for meeting package design challenges with resourcefulness, creativity, and practicality. --
Rewriting loss : melancholia, ethics, and aesthetics in selected works by Chuang Hua, Maxine Hong Kingston, and Fae Myenne Ng
The potter's directory of shape and form
Summary.
This new edition uses full-color photos to demonstrate how to work with lighting, location, angle, composition, physical characteristics, and environment in either portrait or candid situations. Professional photographer and veteran author Erin Manning offers invaluable advice for handling the unique challenges of photographing babies, large and small groups, and action.
Inspirational objects : a visual dictionary of simple, elegant forms
Experimental pattern sourcebook : 300 inspired designs from around the world
Comments on the Morphology of Nouns in Mishnaic Hebrew: Nouns attested and unattested in Biblical Hebrew
Priming capacities of endophytic <em>Methylobacterium</em> sp. on potato (<em>Solanum tuberosum</em> L.)
Walter's wonderful web : a book about shapes
An evaluation of the effects of national aids for Southern Finland
Pattern + palette sourcebook. 4 : a comprehensive guide to choosing the perfect color and pattern in design
Nature design : from inspiration to innovation
What you must know about photographing people -- Equipment basics -- Working with light -- Composing your portraits -- Capturing portraits -- Families and groups -- Kids -- Babies -- Action shots -- Postproduction, sharing, and saving.
Geometry in nature : exploring the morphology of the natural world through projective geometry
Apples and robins
Two-hundred pages of inspiring package designs from around the world deliver insight on the practices of highly accomplished package designers. --
New forms of urban governance in European cities : focusing on cultural policies
Elements of design : Rowena Reed Kostellow and the structure of visual relationships
Predicting the growth response to thinning for Scots pine stands using individual-tree growth models
Natural art forms : 120 classic photographs
Slope tectonics
Packaging essentials : 100 principles for package design
Biodiversity policies in commercial boreal forests : optimal design of subsidy and tax combinations
Heart on a plate
Classic forms : a source book for architects, designers, turners, and craftspeople
Application of time-dependent many-body perturbation theory to excitation spectra of selected finite model systems
Promoting children's welfare in the Nordic countries
Materials, form and architecture
Societas Europea – The new European Company : The one fits all Model, facilitating European Trade?
Regional crown profile models were derived for three conifer species of the interior northwestern USA from terrestrial laser scans of eighty-six trees across a range of sizes and growing conditions. Equations were developed to predict crown shape from crown length for Pseudotsuga menziesii, Pinus ponderosa, and Abies lasiocarpa from parametric curves applied to crown-length normalized laser point clouds. The 95th width percentile adequately described each crown's outer limit; alternate width percentiles produced little profile shape variation. For P. menziesii and P. ponderosa, a scaling parameter-modified beta curve gave the most accurate fit (using cross-validated Mean Absolute Error) to aggregated 95th width percentile points. For A. lasiocarpa, beta and Weibull curves (equivalently modified) produced similar results. For all species, modified beta and Weibull curves fit crown points with less error than conic or cylindrical profiles. Crown profile curves were species-specific; interchanging among species increased error significantly. Laser-derived crown base metrics provided objectivity and consistency, but underestimated field-derived base heights through inclusion of dead branches. Profile curve parameters were not correlated with tree or stand characteristics suggesting that crown shape is not strongly conditioned by size and site factors. However, laser sampling necessarily favored more open growing conditions, potentially under-representing variations in crown shape associated with social position. Overall, Terrrestrial Laser Scanning (TLS) lends itself to detailed measurements of external crown architecture with occlusion-imposed limits to characterization of internal features. Yet, the time and cost of collecting and processing individual tree data precludes use of TLS as a common field sampling tool.
Discontinuity as theoretical foundation to pedagogy:existential phenomenology in Otto Friedrich Bollnow’s philosophy of education
Stem straightness and compression wood in a 22-year-old stand of container-grown Scots pine trees
Landscape mosaic in the treeline ecotone on Mt Rodjanoaivi, Subarctic Finland
"So much more  than just a web course"
Take a circle
The objective of this paper is to differentiate the landscape in the treeline ecotone in Subarctic Finland with an examination of its mosaic structure and functional role in treeline dynamics. Highly varying topography is a key factor controlling drainage conditions, vegetation, local climates and soils. Natural drainage classes, soil data (pH, Corg, Nt, C/N ratio, moisture) and dominant vegetation were used to characterize site conditions and to show the grouping of six representative sites along a synthetic topographical transect (model). The abrupt increase in soil moisture and pH values at the distal end of the lowest zones indicates a relatively sharp and ecologically important limit between well drained sites (ridge tops, upper valley side, interfluves) and valleys with both poorly and very poorly drained sites. Remains of birch wood in wind-scarps, hummocks and peaty layers give evidence of former open birch forest in present treeless sites. Forest decline has enforced the contrasts in site conditions between windswept and snow accumulating topography. The landscape mosaic and resultant site conditions are strongly influencing treeline dynamics and consequently, the landscape mosaic needs to be carefully considered when discussing the possible effects of the changing climate in the treeline ecotone.
A sketch of the phonology and grammar of Rajbanshi
On the existence of optimal shapes in contact problems : perfectly plastic bodies
The compensatory effect of environmental subsidies for agri-environmental output constraints was evaluated through a comparative analysis observing the 'pure' efficiency, as a benchmark for prevailing production conditions, and the 'compensated' efficiency, as a proxy indicator of the compensation. An unbalanced data panel covering 3578 Swedish dairy farms in the period 2002-2012 was used. The analysis showed that in the study period, environmental farm support decreased the differences in farm revenue generated by agri-environmental output constraints in Sweden. However, the environmental support distribution did not succeed in meeting regional needs, so difficulties in farmers' ability to generate output in southern and central forest and valley areas of Sweden were visible. Furthermore, the environmental agricultural support had only a partial subsidisation effect on 'green' farm management practices, with full compensation being achieved for organic and capital-extensive farming, whereas low livestock density farming was not sufficiently compensated. This analysis reveals incentives with policy implications for farm economic performance and provides direct input to future policy recommendations for environmental support allocation.
Complete digital photography
Development of virtual learning material
Draw better : learn to draw with confidence
From art to landscape : unleashing creativity in garden design
Geomorphology : geomorphic processes and surficial geology
Endovascular and surgical revascularizations for chronic lower limb ischemia : 5- to 10-year outcome
Comparison of the polymorphs and solvates of two analogous fungicides a case study of the applicability of a supramolecular synthon approach in crystal engineering
Changing spaces of education : new perspectives on the nature of learning
HFST tool for morphology: An efficient open-source package for construction of morphological analyzers
Digital nature photography and Adobe Photoshop
Design! : a lively guide to design basics for artists & craftspeople
Metonymy and grammaticalization of necessity in Finnish
Frost-sorted block concentrations in western Inari, Finnish Lapland
Reductive and generative approaches to morphological variation of keywords in monolingual information retrieval
Indirectivity and resultativity in Tundra Nenets
Visualizations : the nature book of art and science
The grown-up siblings : history and functions of Western Uralic *kse
Paddington and the disappearing sandwich
Envisioning the garden : line, scale, distance, form, color, and meaning
Plantation memories : episodes of everyday racism
Design as art
The planting design handbook
A Data Conversion Program for μShapeTM Binary File
Morphological analysis of land forms : a contribution to physical geology
Access to Finnish law
The representations of social support from external resources by families raising children with severe disability in connection with dolphin assisted therapy
The physiography of Arctic Canada : with special reference to the area south of Perry Channel
Nature's patterns : a tapestry in three parts. [Shapes]
Just folklore : analysis, interpretation, critique
Map of the sources of Snake River : with its tributaries together with portions of the headwaters of the Madison and Yellowstone from surveys and observations of the Snake River Expedition
The modern theory of solids
Mires of Finland: Regional and local controls of vegetation, landforms, and long-term dynamics
Buy-to-let investments in Spain : Investing as a Private Person versus Establishing a Company
Learn with Maisy
English summary: Character names taking shape : Word formation, structure and meaning relationships of Finnish-language personal names in full-length, animated Disney feature films.
Bon tonkhritsamat  = Shapes & things
Taking your iPod touch to the max
Design by nature : using universal forms and principles in design
Atlas of landforms
Anglo-Scandinavian language contacts and word order change in early English
The photography teacher's handbook : practical methods for engaging students in the flipped classroom
Business subsidies and bureaucratic behaviour : a revised approach
Light - science & magic : an introduction to photographic lighting
Aspects of administrative support in implementing inclusive education :  a case study of three finnish comprehensive schools
Patterns in Estonian bogs as depicted in color kite aerial photographs
Repeatability in automatic sorting of curved Norway spruce saw logs
The visual mind II
Topics in Uduk phonology and morphosyntax
Zoomorphic : new animal architecture
Portrait and candid photography photo workshop
Shapes
V&A Pattern : pop patterns
Landform studies from Australia and New Guinea
A new science of life : the hypothesis of formative causation
