http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12240 cheese
cheese
Ingredients offers an indispensable guidance: Over 2000 culinary ingredients are in this book, each introduced with pictures and described with tips on appearance, consistency, taste and use.
The world atlas of cheese
The telling room : a story of love, betrayal, revenge, and the world's greatest piece of cheese
The history of Stilton cheese
The art of natural cheesemaking : using traditional, non-industrial methods and raw ingredients to make the world's best cheeses
"Tasting Wine and Cheese explains how to taste, evaluate and appreciate wine and cheese, helping you learn how 'taste' works, how to think about food and wine in general, and how to bring them together in combinations that will bring a smile to your face! But, learning is only half the fun. Tasting Wine and Cheese accompanies you on a tasty safari into pairing principles through individual chapters that highlight wines and the cheeses that love them. Each chapter (sparkling, white, red and dessert/fortified) presents individual wine types in a clear, informative way that is at once an excellent reference and entertaining. Simply look up the grape you're drinking that night, and a wealth of pairing information is at your fingertips. There's even a chapter on using condiments in your pairings to add another layer of flavor to your combinations,"--Amazon.com.
Dairy technology 2
"For the first time ever, the legendary chef collects and updates the best recipes from his six-decade career. With a searchable DVD demonstrating every technique a cook will ever need. In his more than sixty years as a chef, Jacques Pepin has earned a reputation as a champion of simplicity. His recipes are classics. They find the shortest, surest route to flavor, avoiding complicated techniques. Now, in a book that celebrates his life in food, the world's most famous cooking teacher winnows his favorite recipes from the thousands he has created, streamlining them even further. They include Onion Soup Lyonnaise-Style, which Jacques enjoyed as a young chef while bar-crawling in Paris; Linguine with Clam Sauce and Vegetables, a frequent dinner chez Jacques; Grilled Chicken with Tarragon Butter, which he makes indoors in winter and outdoors in summer; Five-Peppercorn Steak, his spin on a bistro classic; Meme's Apple Tart, which his mother made every day in her Lyon restaurant; and Warm Chocolate Fondue Souffle, part cake, part pudding, part souffle, and pure bliss. Essential Pepin spans the many styles of Jacques's cooking: homey country French, haute cuisine, fast food Jacques-style, and fresh contemporary American dishes. Many of the recipes are globally inspired, from Mexico, across Europe, or the Far East. In the accompanying searchable DVD, Jacques shines as a teacher, as he demonstrates all the techniques a cook needs to know. This truly is the essential Pepin. "--
Artisan vegan cheese : from everyday to gourmet
Ripened cheeses : the effects of fat modifications on sensory characteristics and fatty acid composition
Pfizer cheese monographs. Vol. 7, Blue-veined cheeses
Copper and bacteria related to Finnish Emmental cheese
Cheese: chemistry, physics and microbiology. Vol. 2, Major cheese groups
The Yorkshire Dales : cheese trail: a guide to the traditional cheeses of the Dales
An outbreak caused by Streptococcus equi subsp. zooepidemicus associated with consumption of fresh goat cheese
All cheeses great and small : a life less blurry
Food for thought
Tasting wine & cheese : an insider's guide to mastering the principles of pairing
Advances in the microbiology and biochemistry of cheese and fermented milk
The cheese handbook : a guide to the world ́s best cheeses : over 250 varieties described, with recipes
Party fare
Cottage cheese and other cultured milk products
Service : the master's guide
Accelerating cheese proteolysis by enriching Lactococcus lactis proteolytic system with lactobacilli peptidases
Wine and cheese of France
Professional garde manger : a comprehensive guide to cold food preparation
Dairy bacteriology
Essential Pepin : more than 700 all-time favorites from my life in food
Cheese-making by full concentration of milk with membrane filtration and evaporation
Understanding cultural transmission in anthropology : a critical synthesis
Eggs, milk and cheese
Goat and sheep milk cheeses : detection of adulterations
Milk and milk products : technology, chemistry and microbiology
Cheesemaking practice
Microbiota of an unpasteurised cellar-stored goat cheese from northern Sweden
Cheese and fermented milk foods
Associative growth of lactic acid bacteria for cheese starters : acidifying and proteolytic activities and redox potential development
Modern garde manger : a global perspective
Comparative gastronomy: legal and cultural framework
The strategic farmer : a cheese producer with cold feet
Cheeses of the world : a season by season guide to buying, storing and serving
World cheese book
The cheesemonger's tales : an eclectic mix of delightful anecdotes and helpful information, based around a personal selection of twelve of the finest cheeses, and the people who make them, matched with twelve memorable wines; and much more
Cheese. Volume 2, Annotated bibliography with subject index
Whey pretreatments before ultrafiltration
Cheese. Volume 4, Annotated bibliography with subject index
The effect of oligopolistic competition on economic welfare in the Finnish food manufacturing
Cheese : chemistry, physics and microbiology. Vol. 1, General aspects
Microfiltration in cheese and whey processing
Pfizer cheese monographs. Vol. 6, Lactic starter culture technology
Cheese problems solved
Feta and related cheeses
Cheeses of the world
Cheese technology
Nitrate-free whey and edam cheese of normal quality with added nitrate
Dairy microbiology. Vol. 2, The microbiology of milk products
Fundamentals of dairy chemistry
Culinary art and traditions of Switzerland : a selection of recipes, typical regional foods, characteristic aspects of the country
A cook's guide to cheese : illustrated encyclopedia
Fundamentals of cheese science
Classic cheese cookery
On the significance of amino acids for the taste of emmenthaler cheese
Cheese ripening and technology : abstracts of IDF Symposium held in Banff, Canada, March 2000.
The mouse who sailed the seas
Laura Werlin's cheese essentials : an insider's guide to buying and serving cheese
Cheese : chemistry, physics and microbiology. Vol. 2, Major cheese groups
Pfizer cheese monographs. Vol. 3, Cottage cheese and other cultured milk products
Food and bio process engineering : dairy technology
Microbiological analyses of raw milk quality and cheese products in Asmara and surrounding, Eritrea
A colour guide to cheese and fermented milks
Making great cheese : 30 simple recipes from Cheddar to Chèvre plus 18 delicious cheese dishes
This qualitative study reports on lactic acid bacteria (LAB), yeasts and moulds isolated from three artisanal Swedish cellar-stored goat cheeses aged for 1, 3 and 5 months. Starter culture LAB dominated in the younger cheeses, and Leuconostoc pseudomesenteroides, common in raw goats' milk, had persisted from the unpasteurised milk into all the cheeses. Non-starter LAB dominated in the 5 month cheese, in particular, Lactobacillus sakei, a meat-associated LAB not previously isolated from cheese. Debaryomyces hansenii, and Penicillium and Mucor species were dominant among the yeasts and moulds, respectively. The cheese rind was not formed primarily from Penicillium species as in traditional cheeses such as Camembert - rather, mycelium from Mucor mucedo contributed to rind formation. Mould species known to produce sterigmatocystin, aflatoxins or ochratoxin A in cheese were not isolated in this study; growth of mycotoxigenic Aspergilli may have been inhibited by the cool conditions in the earth-cellar (4-6 °C).
Cheese & crackers
The Little Cheese Cookbook
Vegetarian cooking for you
Brined cheeses
Philadelphia cream cheese cookbook
Butter, fermented milks and fresh cheese : enumeration of contaminating microorganisms : colony-count technique at 30 °C : ISO 13559 : IDF 153 : international standard
Cheese : feel free to enjoy!
The cheese handbook
A complete illustrated guide to the cheeses of the world
Asher, an organic farmer and goatherd, practices a traditional, but increasingly countercultural, way of making cheese--one that is natural and grounded in both ecological principles and biological science. Readers will learn the basic elements of cheese making and various classes of cheese, including thirty-five easy-to-follow recipes, and how to: source good milk, including raw milk ; keep bacterial starter cultures and fungal ripening cultures ; make rennet--and how to make good cheese without it ; fashion cheese forms and how to improvise a cheese press ; avoid the use of unnecessary additives and chemicals; and, safely make cheese without sterilization.
Summary.
The great cheese hunt
Italy's fine cheeses
Cheese belongs to you!
Cheese yield and factors affecting its control : proceedings of the IDF seminar held in Cork, Ireland, April 1993.
Garde manger : the art and craft of the cold kitchen
101 amazing facts about cheese
Cheese starters : development and application of the Lewis system
The world encyclopedia of cheese : a guide to the world's cheese with a feast of international dishes
Practical guide for control of cheese yield
Dairy microbiology. Vol. 1, The microbiology of milk
DairyNet : hygiene control in Nordic dairies
The complete cheese cookbook
The great cheese robbery
International cuisine has long conquered our cooking and eating habits. However, regional ingredients and some that were out of fashion for a while are gaining importance again. Accordingly, the range of available domestic and international foods is broad - enriching, but also challenging, as many fruits, herbs, seasonings, fish and meat products are unknown to the consumer.
Mechanisation and automation in dairy technology
Alkaline phosphatase activity inFinnish hard cheeses and milk products
The cheeses and wines of England and France : with notes on Irish whiskey
The role of non-starter lactic acid bacteria (NSLAB) and their interactions with Lactococcus lactis in the formation of aroma compounds from amino acids in cheese
Recombinant Lactococcus starters as a potential source of additional peptidolytic activity in cheese ripening
Technology of cheesemaking
The cheese book : a definitive guide to the cheeses of the world, from fresh country cheeses to Cheddars and blues, Parmesan, Camembert and Brie, pungent goat cheeses and the richest crèmes. How they taste, how they are made, how to select and use them, their history and lore and a collection of great cheese recipes
The technology of making cheese from camel milk (Camelus dromedarius)
Effect of milk coagulation properties of herd bulk milks on yield and composition of Emmental cheese
Pfizer cheese monographs. Vol. 4, Ripened semisoft cheeses
Cheese: chemistry, physics and microbiology. Vol. 1, General aspects
Pfizer cheese monographs. Vol. 5, Swiss cheese varieties
Factors affecting the yield of cheese
Handbook of food and beverage fermentation technology
Cheesemaking : science and technology
Milk and milk products
French cheeses
Fondue cookery
Cheese & wine : a guide to selecting, pairing and enjoying
"World Cheese Book shows you how to enjoy more than 750 of the world's finest cheeses and includes tasting notes and serving tips. World Cheese Book is the comprehensive guide to cheese and covers more world cheeses, with more photography, than any other book on the subject. Discover the flavor profile, shape, and texture of just about every imaginable cheese in this exhaustive, at-a-glance reference. Written by a team of experts, each writing about their own region, World Cheese Book is a treasure trove of information for the truly adventurous cheese lover and a complete guide to the world of cheese. A tour of the finest cheese-producing countries reveals local traditions and artisanal processes -- from Europe, the United Kingdom, and Scandinavia to the Americas to Asia, Australia, and New Zealand. Images of each cheese (inside and out) give an up-close view of each variety. Step-by-step techniques show how to make cheese in your own kitchen. Complementary food and wine pairings round out the offerings in World Cheese Book with the best part of all: Learning how best to enjoy eating these uniquely wonderful cheeses."--
