http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12212 goods traffic
goods traffic
Economic of transport in the Republic of Kazakhstan
Enhancing the effeciency of freight transport by using simulation
Carriage of goods by sea
Greening downstream supply chain
Design of layout rearrangement of enterprise logistics based on the combination of slp and sha
Strategic analysis : case: Russian Cargo Service Oy
Logistics outsourcing: solution for small and medium enterprises in Vietnam
European freight transport : modern logistics solutions for competitiveness and sustainability
Lowe ́s transport managers & operators handbook 2015
Baltic port list 2006 : annual cargo statistics of ports in the Baltic Sea Region
Selective integration in supply chain management
RFID and beyond : growing your business through real world awareness
European logistics : markets, management and strategy
Review of maritime transport 2012 : report by the UNCTAD secretariat
Why not via Estonia? : an overall guide to transport, logistics, distribution and legislation
Managing transport enterprise with specialized technique during economical recession
Intermodal transport of granite from Southern Vietnam to Northern Europe : case: Sai Gon Cuu Long Logistics and Trading Company
Review of maritime transport, 2002 : report by the UNCTAD secretariat
Freight Forwarding in the Chinese Market
Managing external suppliers
Airport and aviation security : U.S. policy and strategy in the age of global terrorism
Cost-benefit and multi-criteria analysis for nodal centres for goods
Deep sea and foreign going : inside shipping, the invisible industry that brings you 90% of everything / Rose George
Eastern links in Scandinavian transport
Safe and reliable transport chains of dangerous goods in the Baltic Sea Region : key findings of the DaGoB project 2006-2007
The key areas of transport research in Finland : 4th framework programme
The Transport Manager's Handbook 1977
The freight forwarding services provider : case study Green Integrated Logistics
People's utility bicycle project
Lowe's transport mager's  & operator's handbook 2011
Drivers of demand in cargo and passenger traffic between PENTA ports
Review of maritime transport 2014 : United nations Conference on Trade and Development UNCTAD
Intermodal freight transport
Baltic port list : annual cargo statistics of ports in the Baltic Sea Region
Loader / Client : the changing environment of customer goods import. Part 1
The impact of market structure on international heavy goods vehicle road safety : exploratory findings in the Baltic sea region 2010-2011
A comparative note on the Sound toll registers, Stockholm customs accounts, and Dundee shipping lists, 1589, 1613-1622
United Nations Conference on a Convention on International Multimodal Transport : held at Geneva from 12 to 30 November 1979 (first part of the session) and from 8 to 24 May 1980 (resumed session). Vol. 1, Final act and convention on international multimodal transport of goods
This volume provides in depth analyses of: changes in international air transportations legal environment; airline companies market behavior in this new environment; trade growth in response to changing airline market behavior; and examination of the external costs and benefits associated with growth in international air transportation.
Flag discrimination : purposes, motives and economic consequences
Liability of the multimodal transport operator in the context of carriage of goods law in transition in the new independent states
Air cargo in the Finnish transportation system
Freight transport telematics architecture : final report
The Suitability of Thinking Portfolio® Software in Project Reporting. Case: Cargotec
Global climate change and transportation : coming to terms
The liberalization process in Europe : market entry barriers versus competition stimulation : cases of Germany and Hungary
Barents Link corridor : a multimodal collector to transnational northern axis of EU 2007
Attractiveness of the Finnish rail transit route : Case study: VR Group
China is the sixth most important trade partner of Finland, and Finland is China's largest  partner in Nordic region. Though ocean transportation still dominates the Finnish export to  China, air freight has shown the irreplaceable importance in consideration of speeding up delivery  to long-haul destinations, ensuring superior conditions of high value carriage, and cutting  inventory and storage costs for the customers. Not only led by this general trend but also  accompanied with a strong belief in a bright future for the two countries, air cargo carriers in  Finland are formulating their strategies to focus more on the China traffic. Lufthansa Cargo  AG (LCAG), as the second leading air carrier in Finland, also has been actively participating in  the competition.  The study is sponsored by LCAG to find out the opportunities for the company to increase  the market share of air freight traffic to China from Finland. In order to approach the main  research question, two secondary research questions were formulated as: what is the industry  structure of Finnish air freight market in respect to the China traffic, and what is the competitive  position of LCAG in this market. The research paid special attention to the scope of air  freight traffic flow from Finland to China.  Both primary and secondary data were employed to respond to the research questions. Depth  interviews with the industry experts, decision makers and most potential customers - air  freight forwarding agents - resulted in primary data. The major advantage of using depth interviews  for this particular research was that probing is effective in uncovering underlying or  hidden information, especially as the nature of the topic is complex. The period of data collection  was during the author's internship in LCAG from August 2008 to January 2009.  In conclusion, the research results reveal that air carriers in Finland are operating in an oligopoly  market structure concerning the China traffic. They are facing the shrinking demand, the  threats of the new entrants and substitutes, the increasing bargaining power from the buyer  due to the over capacity, and the fierce competition always there for them. Comparing to the  market leader, LCAG is regarded as charging higher rate but offering less perceived added  value services. However, the results of this study also indicate that LCAG does have opportunities  to increase its market share of the traffic to China in the terms of delivering consistent  high quality service, shortening the overall lead time, strengthening the cooperation with Chinese  partners, offering more value added services to improve the value of the rate charged,  tailoring forwarder management and establishing closer shipper contacts.
The present state and future prospects of Polish sea ports
Opportunities for cost reductions by the use of intermodal transports : intermodal production as an alternative for pure road production
Analysis of transport risks : empirical results from the Baltic Sea Region in 2010-2011
Flying green : IATA e-freight implementation at Lufthansa Cargo Finland
United Nations Conference on a Convention on International Multimodal Transport : held at Geneva from 12 to 30 November 1979 (first part of the session) and from 8 to 24 May 1980 (resumed session). Vol. 2, Draft convention on international multimodal transport as at the closure of the first part of the session of the conference and reports of the conference
Cargo stowage and securing : a guide to good practice
Freight forwarding in the chinese market
Lowe's transport mananger ́s & operator's handbook 2014
Market entry and the change in rail transport market when domestic freight transport opens to competition in Finland
Holistic work system design and management : a participatory development approach to delivery truck drivers' work outside the cab
Rural transport and traction enterprises for improved livelihoods
Transportation and logistics
The modern civil aircraft guide
Excellence in freight transport : how to better manage domestic and international logistics transport
The market structure analysis for international road freight transport in Latvia
Analyzing and optimizing the order process at the freight forwarder
Baltic port insight : overview of current market situation in the Baltic Sea countries and ports in ..
European Groupage Network : case: DSV Daily Pallet
Holistic work system design and management:— a participatory development approach to delivery truck drivers’ work outside the cab
Cargo Work for maritime operations
Executive summary
Adaptation of transport to climate change in Europe : challenges and options across transport modes and stakeholders
Cargo theft prevention : a handbook for logistics security
Liability of the multimodal transport operator in the context of carriage of goods law in transition in the new independent states (NIS)
Comparison between elementary starting solutions of the transportation problem
Logistics management for import : a case studies to Kärkkäinen OY, Ylivieska-84100, Finland
Valuation of goods transportation characteristics : a study of a sparsely populated area
Market study - the port of Kokkola and its competitors on the West coast of Finland
Redesign of transfer capabilities : studies in container shipping services
The logistic revolution : the rise of logistics in the mass consumption society
Intermodal transportation in the North-Western region of Russia
Operations model of future transport in basic manufacturing industry
Port operation and administration
Getting the goods : ports, labor, and the logistics revolution
Focusing on environmental pressures from long-distance transport : TERM: transport indicators tracking progress towards environmental targets in Europe
Temporary movement of Community goods in the European Community : new rules from 1st July 1985
The geography of transport systems
Review of maritime transport 2010 : report by the UNCTAD secretariat
Jane's freight containers 1978 : [ports, operators, manufacturers]
Effects of maintenance plan to fleet availability
The objective of this bachelor thesis was to study the effects the transition from air freight to maritime shipments and hub model will have on Bayer Oy?s export processes and transport planning. Furthermore, to display the benefits the transition can offer to Bayer Oy, and to understand the hub model implementation processes from the point of view of the pilot shipment to Israel. This thesis is a hybrid of the qualitative and quantitative research methods. First a throughout understanding of the transition process was achieved with the qualitative research methods, such as studying the current literature and publications released in the field. Additionally, an open-ended questioner was conducted with the research field experts in the sponsor company to gain insight of the operational changes. In order to verify the hypothesis concerning the expected benefits, a quantitative cost comparison was conducted. The cost analysis included the comparison between the direct reefer containers and airfreight, as well as between the pallet prices via hub model versus airfreight. Ancillary savings from the packing changes were also presented. The implementation process of the pilot hub model shipment to Israel was divided into four sections; route changes, TM3 planning, documentation and cost savings. The results of this thesis presented the operational changes caused by the transition, the potential cost savings and the implementation process of the pilot hub model shipment to Israel. Additionally, further research subjects were presented such as improving communication throughout the distribution chain, risk assessment for brakes in the manufacturing process and the correlation issue between the scheduling of the direct truck to HUB Velten and the container closing dates of different destinations.
C beyond : Cargotec's personnel magazine
Managing transport systems : a cybernetic perspective
Start your own freight brokerage business : your step-by-step guide to success
Cargo traffic on the Helsinki-Tallinn route
The encyclopedia of civil aircraft
Design of layout rearrangament of enterprise logistics based on the combination of slp and sha
Supply chain security : : international practices and innovations in moving goods safely and efficiently
Logistics unites markets : ILC 97, International Logistics Congress, Helsinki, May 14-16th, 1997, 12th World Congress of Logistics : summaries of the lectures
Steam : Rails to riches
Utilising crowdsourcing in a single product development project
Liability of the multimodal transport operator in the context of carriage of goods law in transition in the New Independent States
Prefasibility study : connection between Kirkenes large bulk carrier port and the Russian railway network
Osiris : optimised system for an innovative rail integrated seaport connection
Road freight transport between EEC member states : a feasibility study for a system of price indices
Review of maritime transport 2008 : report by the UNCTAD secretariat
Towards the Geopolitics of Flows : implications for Finland
Shipping and logistics law : principles and practice in Hong Kong
Attractiveness of the Finnish rail transit route : case study: VR Group
Market entry strategies and confronted barriers on liberalized railway freight markets in Sweden and Poland
Routing analysis using intermodal transport chains : case: DSV Road Oy
The container principle : how a box changes the way we think
Reference tariffs for goods transport
The American freight train
Improving air cargo express services
The Smart Transport Corridor Helsinki-St. Petersburg (FITSRUS)
In a global economy, no nation is self-sufficient. Few nations would be able to maintain their current or even adequate standard of living without international trade. The growing world trade has had a drastic effect on road transportation.  Road transportation has been growing steadily every year and along with it production costs have increased. Therefore demand for alternative transportation methods has risen. This bachelor  ́s thesis researches intermodal transportation as a cost-effective alternative for road transportation. Intermodal transportation is seen as a growing field in the land transportation industry. Traditionally, intermodal transportation has been seen as a complex and slow alternative. To challenge this argument, the study also focuses on the production capabilities of intermodal transportation. In the industry lowered production costs have always been the key factor, however environmentally sound transportation methods are becoming a trend and intermodal transportation is seen as the solution. The focus of this thesis is on a specific intermodal trade lane of Schenker AG, one of the leading logistics companies in the world. Schenker already has road transportation business in the trade lane running from Central Europe to Northern Spain, thus the current road volumes in the trade lane are known. This research presents how much the gross profit margin would increase in the trade lane  and what kind of savings would be made with the use of intermodal transportation. Results show that intermodal transportation is a viable alternative for pure road transportation. It is not only a more cost-effective way of producing, but also allegations of slow production times are denied.
World bulk fleet
Review of maritime transport 2013 : United nations Conference on Trade and Development UNCTAD
The economics of international airline transport
Experiences of transportation in Russia
Common conditions for analysis of passenger and cargo transportation in the Barents Region
Major shipping countries : trade and freight market development
Freight transportation : valuation of time and forecasting of flows
The principle of subsidiarity and the scope of Article 30 EC : the division of competences and the free movement of goods in the EC
Opportunities to increase market share of air freight to China : case study: Lufthansa Cargo Finland and Baltic states
Transport logistics
Improving cost-efficiency and reducing environmental impacts of intermodal transportation with dry port concept : major rail transport corridor in Baltic Sea Region
Business continuity management : guidance on supply chain continuity : PD 25222:2011
The impact of logistics and the supply chain on climate change
Baltic port list 2007 : annual cargo statistics of ports in the Baltic Sea Region
Cargo Key Receipt and Transport Document Replacement
COST 330 : teleinformatics links between ports and their partners : final report of the action
Review of maritime transport, 2001 : report by the UNCTAD secretariat
Goods transport by road
The thesis revealed development opportunities of the Finnish railway transit route for the transportation of bulk raw materials coming from Russia westbound. The thesis research aimed to investigate attractiveness of the Finnish railway transit route for the transportation of bulk raw materials from Russia westbound. The study revealed level of attractiveness of the Finnish railway transit route, competitive advantages and disadvantages of the Finnish transit route for the transportation of raw bulk materials, such as iron, fertilizers, oil and oil related products.  The thesis research is based on the previous studies of Jumpponen (2007), Kilpeläinen (2004) and Lautso (2005). Previous researches analyzed competitive advantages of the competing transit routes between the West countries and Russia. The main transit routes for the raw materials transportation from Russia westbound have been examined and compared, advantages and disadvantages of the Finnish rail transit route are defined and recommendations on the future development for the Finnish rail transit route are presented in the thesis. The thesis study was carried as empirical research. Data for the study was gathered by interviewing freight forwarding companies in Finland and Russia and Finnish railway authorities. The analytical approach was qualitative. Overall, eleven qualitative semi-structured interviews have been conducted and one e-mail enquiry has been received during the study process. The thesis research was commissioned by the state-owned transportation company VR Group. Therefore, implications of findings and conclusions were presented for the commissioning party. Also recommendations for the future development of the railway transit transportation have been made. The thesis research revealed the factors, affecting transit route choice for the transportation of bulk commodities westbound and the level of competitiveness of the Finnish railway transit route for the raw materials transportation westbound. The research revealed that attractiveness of the Finnish railway route is dependant on the attractiveness of the entire transit route via Finland, particularly on the ports ́ services. The main problems affecting attractiveness of the railway route as part of the entire route via Finland are the cost levels, lack of flexibility in negotiations and cooperation between railway transportation provider, ports and the other freight providing companies and participants of the transit chain via Finland. Research findings have supported theoretical background of the study, particularly, factors affecting transit route choice. However, thesis study has defined level of importance of the different factors for the railway transportation of raw bulk materials. Besides, competitive advantages of the railway transit route for the transportation of raw bulk materials differ from the competitive advantages of the route via Finland, presented in previous studies by Lautso (2005), Kilpeläinen (2004) and Jumpponen (2007). The thesis had practical importance for the commissioning party because it has revealed level of attractiveness of the railway transit route, defined advantages and disadvantages of the Finnish transit route and suggested the need for cooperation between the Finnish freight providing companies in order to increase attractiveness of the entire route via Finland. Besides, the thesis defined main factors affecting the transit route choice for raw bulk materials transporta-tion. Attractiveness of the railway transit route can be increased also by influencing those factors. Therefore, findings of the research can be used by VR Group as background for the creation of international strategy, directed at increasing attractiveness of the railway transit route via Finland for the transportation of raw materials from Russia westbound.
Rail transport services in Finland and Nigeria
Abstract:
Transition from air freight to maritime shipments and hub model : export processes at Bayer Oy
Logistics Management for Import : A case to Kärkkäinen OY
