http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12287 microsatellites
microsatellites
Evolution and applications of pine microsatellites
The role of agroecosystems for invasion of a generalist herbivore
Wireless PCs : personal communication services
New insights into the genetic basis of colorectal cancer
Optimizations of high throughput multiplex polymerase chain reaction with simple sequence repeat markers for genotyping of common walnut populations (Juglans regia L.)
Multiplex polymerase chain reaction (PCR) allows amplification of two or more pair of primers in parallel for amplification of multiple target sequences in a single reaction tube. In this study, we combined existing simple sequence repeat (SSR) markers (nuclear microsatellites) in the novel combination of multiplex PCR to study the population genetics of common walnut from Croatia. From twenty one tested SSR markers, eleven produced satisfactory results in one multiplex PCR. Population genetic results achieved from 15 samples of Croatian common walnut showed moderate genetic variability (average value: He 0.473; Ho 0.568). Our multiplex PCR allowed cost effective work concerning chemicals, plastic ware, device, and working time producing optimal results. The optimized multiplex PCR represented the best combination of eleven SSR primers for genotyping common walnut in a single PCR reaction..
Genetic structure in the North- population connectivity and social organization in the Arctic fox
Remote sensing and image interpretation
Heaven & earth : [unseen by the naked eye]
The maintenance of sexually antagonistic variation in reproductive success by negative frequency-dependence in the bank vole (Myodes glareolus)
Build your own car PC
The effects of inbreeding on the competitive ability of young common shrews (Sorex araneus)
Analysis of microsatellite sequences in Scots pine : [proceedings of Workshop WP 5.4: Forest Tree Genetics, Sekoc̨in, Poland, 24-27 August 2004]
Search for genetic variants underlying musical aptitude and related traits
Assessing the genetic integrity of tumours by microsatellite loci of forensic interest
Genetic diversity and its extended effects : fragmented pedunculate oak (Quercus robur) populations in south-western Finland
The benefits of increasing the number of microsatellites utilized in genetic population studies: an empirical perspective
Electronic communications systems : fundamentals through advanced
Soft error correcting cofiguration scrubber for the compact radiation monitor onboard the Aalto-1 satellite
Electronic communications : modulation and transmission
Assessing wolf's (Canis lupus) population size in Southwestern Finland using genetic methods
Colorectal carcinogenesis via serrated route
Heterozygosity-fitness correlations and the maintenance of genetic variation in small populations in Drosophila littoralis
Spatial-temporal genetic structuring of brown trout (Salmo trutta) populations from the Luga River in Northwest Russia
Many waders are in decline, and the number of endangered species and populations is increasing. Their protection and management requires knowledge of both ecological and genetic state of the populations. In this thesis, I studied the distribution-wide genetic variation, structure and phylogeography of the Temminck's Stint (Calidris temminckii) and Terek Sandpiper (Xenus cinereus) using microsatellites and sequence data from the mitochondrial control region and cytochrome oxidase I gene. I compared these regionally endangered species to other waders with varying evolutionary histories, breeding systems and habitat preferences to examine the levels of genetic variation and structure at different spatial scales. In addition, I studied the genetic structure of the endangered Baltic population of the Southern Dunlin (Calidris alpina schinzii) with microsatellites. I used genetic information in all three study species to determine units for conservation.The Temminck's Stint and Terek Sandpiper, both not restricted to the Arctic, had low distribution-wide structuring. They also had quite low levels of variation when compared to other species breeding at similar latitudes, indicating reductions in population sizes during past climate changes. Especially the peripheral breeding populations were differentiated and showed signs of inbreeding and genetic drift when compared to the main range. The Temminck's Stint populations at the Bothnian Bay and Yakutia, and Terek Sandpiper populations in Finland and Belarus, should be treated as separate management units. The broader interspecific comparison of waders suggests that habitat availability, mating system and the extent of philopatry may affect the genetic composition of species.The genetic analyses of the Southern Dunlin indicated strong effects of philopatry and inbreeding throughout the range. Local subpopulations at the Bothnian Bay and in Sweden need to be considered as separate management units. Management efforts at the Baltic should be focused on increasing connectivity and providing large enough breeding habitats for potential immigrants and recruits.
Epigenetic characteristics of Lynch syndrome-associated and sporadic tumorigenesis
Abstract.
The role of parental effect and relatedness on early development of vendace and whitefish in short and long winter
Marketing of forest reproductive material : the use of microsatellites for identification of registered tree clones in Finland
Molecular classification of colorectal cancer
Studies on the microstructure of the solar wind
Populations at species' range margins are expected to show lower genetic diversity than populations at the core of the range. Yet, long-lived, widespread tree species are expected to be resistant to genetic impoverishment, thus showing comparatively high genetic diversity within populations and low differentiation among populations. Here, we study the distribution of genetic variation in the pedunculate oak (Quercus robur L.) at its range margin in Finland at two hierarchical scales using 15 microsatellite loci. At a regional scale, we compared variation within versus among three oak populations. At a landscape scale, we examined genetic structuring within one of these populations, growing on an island of ca 5 km2. As expected, we found the majority of genetic variation in Q. robur to occur within populations. Nonetheless, differentiation among populations was markedly high (FST = 0.12) compared with values reported for populations of Q. robur closer to the core of its range. At the landscape level, some spatial and temporal sub-structuring was observed, likely explained by the history of land-use on the island. Overall, Q. robur fulfils the expectation of the central-marginal hypothesis of high differentiation among marginal populations, but the notable population differentiation has most likely been influenced also by the long, ongoing fragmentation of populations. Finnish oak populations may still be adjusting to the drastic habitat changes of the past centuries. Preservation of genetic variation within the remaining stands is thus an important factor in the conservation of Q. robur at its range margin..
Mating patterns of the siberian flying squirrel in Finland
Fragmentation-related patterns of genetic differentiation in pedunculate oak (Quercus robur) at two hierarchical scales
Summary.
Conservation genetics and phylogeography of endangered boreoarctic seashore plant species
How to do everythingTM : iPadTM
Phylogeography and conservation genetics of waders
The extent and causes of interspecific reproductive interactions in damselflies
Remote sensing of the environment : an earth resource perspective
Clinical isolates of Yersinia enterocolitica in Finland : identification and epidemiology
Inbreeding and the reproductive success of the common shrew in small island populations
Do male moor frogs (Rana arvalis) lek with kin?
Genetic diversity in the wild : cyclic population dynamics and population isolation
Modern electronic communication
Isolation and characterization of microsatellite loci for twenty common bryophyte species
scrubber design has been tested in a laboratory test setup and in a real-life radiation environment. Radiation testing was performed at the Radiation Effects Facility (RADEF) at the University of Jyväskylä with promising results and confirmed functionality in March 2014.
Conservation genetics of the Saimaa ringed seal : insights into the history of a critically endangered population
