http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12207 nursery rhyme
nursery rhyme
My village : rhymes from around the world
The Mother Goose word book
A rhyme in time : rhythm, speech activities and improvisation for the classroom
A study on nursery rhymes : translated or transformed from English into Finnish?
Usborne illustrated rhyming stories
Ride away on your horses : music, now I'am one
Songs and nursery rhymes of the U.S.A
Mr Bear's book of rhymes
Mother goose : nursery rhymes
Appley Dapply's nursery rhymes
Old Macdonald had a farm and other classic nursery rhymes
This little pib went to market and other rhymes
Uno dos tres : my first Spanish rhymes
The lore and language of schoolchildren
Cecily Parsley's nursery rhymes
From Mother Goose into Hanhiemo. Comparison of three Finnish translators' versions of English Nursery rhymes
Old Possum's book of practical cats
The book of songs & rhymes with beat motions : keeping the beat
Old possum's book of practical cats
Nursery rhymes
This little piggy : 30 favourite songs and rhymes about animals on 1 CD
The traditional games of England, Scotland, and Ireland : with tunes, singing-rhymes, and methods of playing according to the variants extant and recorded in different parts of the Kingdom
Green eggs and ham
Fee fi fo fum : a picture book of nursery rhymes
Pop goes the weasel : the secret meanings of nursery rhymes
A mother goose abc in a pumpkin shell
The book of echo songs : I'll sing after you
The Lucy Cousins book of nursery rhymes
The book of tapping & clapping : wonderful songs and rhymes passed down from generation to generation [for infants & toddlers]
The book of beginning circle games : let's make a circle
Reading is fun with Dr. Seuss
100 favourite nursery rhymes and songs
Chicken bedtime is really early
German-American folklore
Pop goes weasel : the secret meanings of nursery rhymes
The Hutchinson treasury of children's literature
Ladushki : russian folk rhymes and tales for little ones
The book of call & response : you sing, I sing
Head, shoulders, knees and toes
This little puffin... : finger plays and nursery games
Variation and continuity in children's counting-out rhymes
The Oxford dictionary of nursery rhymes
Intery Mintery : nursery rhymes for body, voice and Orff Ensemble
Brian Wildsmith's Favourite Nursery Rhymes
William Wegman's Mother Goose
Humpty dumpty's favourite nursery rhymes
A twister of twists, a tangler of tongues : tongue twisters
The book of wiggles & tickles : wonderful songs and rhymes passed down from generation to generation [for infants & toddlers]
A collection of songs and rhymes that involve finger play, for infants and toddlers. Includes some musical notation.
Nursery rhymes and tales : their origin and history
The Puffin Mother Goose nursery rhymes
Number rhymes : tens and teens
Action rhymes
My first book of nursery rhymes & poems
Hector Protector and As I went over the water : two nursery rhymes
Mr Bear's book of rhymes : English children's rhymes and games specially simplified for children whose first language is not English
The lure of the limerick : an uninhibited history
Nursery rhyme classics
The new vestments
Nursery rhymes : have they a role in language development = Barnrimmets betydelse för språkutvecklingen
Let's sing in English! : songs and rhymes and the story of three little pigs
The book of pitch exploration : can you voice do this?
50 favourite nursery rhymes
Under the spell of the moon : art for children from the world's great illustrators
Towards a typology of poetic forms : from language to metrics and beyond
Edward Lear's nonsense alphabet
Hip hooray!
Mother Goose
The Ladybird book of rhymes
I never saw a purple cow and other nonsense rhymes
First 1000 words
The annotated Mother Goose, : nursery rhymes old and new
Chansons et comptines du monde = Songs and nursery rhymes of the world
Icelandic-Canadian memory lore
A collection of songs and rhymes that involve finger play, for infants and toddlers.
Presents a collection of children's songs with instructions for related games which involve standing around or moving within a circle.
Old mother Hubbard and other rhymes
The Beaver book of funny rhymes
Hickory dickory dock and other nursery rhymes
Comparative study on the use of nursery rhymes and chants in ASEAN countries
Teddy Bear stories and rhymes
Head, shoulders, knees and toes... = Madax, garbo, ruugag iyo suulal..
The Dorling Kindersley book of nursery rhymes
More Tumpkin Tales
Girls' clapping games? : an expression of feminine culture?
Complete version of ye Three blind mice
The big fat cow that goes kapow!
There's an Owl in My Towel
Horton hears a who!
The electric radish and other jokes
Ballroom Bonanza : [a hidden pictures ABC book]
MOTHER GOOSE : NURSERY RHIMES / ILL. RACKHAM
Dr. Seuss' tales to treasure
Randolph Caldecott's picture books : reproduced from nineteenth-century copies in the Huntington collection
The English Kindergarten song book
Boris the spider
The little golden mother goose
The Real Mother Goose
Singing games and rhymes for early years
A collection of classic nursery rhymes illustrated with photographs of Weimaraner dogs portraying the storybook characters.
Rhymes for bedtime
Singing games and rhymes for tiny tots
Pronunciation poems for tots : englantia pienille oppijoille
English Nursery Rhymes for Young Learners
Songs and nursery rhymes of the U.S.A. = Chansons et comptines des Etats-Unis
Goodnight songs : a celebration of the seasons
Counting-out rhymes : a dictionary
Jump-rope rhymes : a dictionary
Pictures and stories from forgotten children's books
The mother goose songbook : Nursery rhymes to play and sing
The real other goose /kuv.  blanche fisch.wrigh
Mother Goose : old nursery rhymes
Grimwoods tails
My cat likes to hide in boxes
The complete book of rhymes, songs, poems, fingerplays, and chants
The nursery rhyme book
Playtime rhymes : [all our favourite rhymes]
