http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12239 soy
soy
Fortified and soft drinks
Biochemical deterioration of soybean daddawa : a condiment
The whole soy cookbook : 175 delicious, nutritiouns, eaaaaasy-to-prepare featuring tofu, tempeh and various forms of nature ́́s healthiest bean
Appetite control : the role of food composition and structure
Biodiesel production : diversification of feedstock
Host plant resistance and anti-transpirant for the control of Alectra vogelii in soybean
Legume-based fermented foods
Soybeans and their products : markets, models, and policy
Impact of selenium spray on monocarpic senescence of soybean (Glycine Max L.)
Price discovery investigation between the Chinese soybean agricultural futures and spot markets
Nutrition for healthy skin : strategies for clinical and cosmetic practice
CRC handbook of pest management in agriculture. Vol. 3
Super soya : recipes and facts for greater health
Soybean in tropical and subtropical cropping systems : proceedings of a Symposium, Tsukuba, Japan, 26 September-1 October 1983.
Treatment of acute intoxication with intravenous lipid emulsion – animal and human studies
The new extractivism : a post-neoliberal development model or imperialism of the twenty-first century?
World oilseeds : chemistry, technology, and utilization
Growth and mineral deposition in Nile tilapia (Oreochromis niloticus) fed untreated soybean meal supplemented with phytase
Social returns to soybean utilization technologies in Southwest of Nigeria
Development of Tofu using Soy isolate
Pure delicious : more than 150 delectable allergen-free recipes without gluten, dairy, eggs, soy, peanuts, tree nuts, shellfish, or cane sugar
Strain index for the uniform soybean tests : northern states, 1939 to 1990
Socio-economic impacts of bioenergy production
Vegetable soybean : research needs for production and quality improvement : proceedings of a workshop held at Kenting, Taiwan 29 April-2 May 1991
The secret financial life of food : from commodities markets to supermarkets
Evaluating soybean meal as a fish meal substitute in feeds for Atlantic salmon and rainbow trout
Food fermentation
Soybeans : chemistry, technology, and utilization
Synthesis of isoflavonoid-derivatives for immunoassay
Giant book of tofu cooking
The world of soy
Tofu mania : add tofu to 120 of your favorite dishes
Biodegradable and sustainable fibres
The intolerant gourmet
Oilseed crops
Compendium of soybean diseases
Soybeans as a food source
Determination of biogenic amines in food.
Farmageddon : the true cost of cheap meat
Accumulation of RNA in the senescing root modular cells of soybean (Glycine max (L.) Merrill) : histochemical evidence
Candlemaking the natural way : 31 projects with soy, palm & beeswax
Food security of Nigeria : institutional support through micro-credit for soyabean production
The whole soy story : the dark side of America's favorite health food
The world according to Monsanto : pollution, corruption, and the control of our food supply
Nitrogen fixation in agriculture, forestry, ecology, and the environment
Cosmeceuticals and cosmetic practice
Rapeseed meal as a supplementary protein for dairy cows on grass silage-based diet, with the emphasis on the Nordic AAT-PBV feed protein evaluation system
Microbiological quality of ogi and soy-ogi (a Nigerian fermented cereal porridge) widely consumed and notable weaning food in southern Nigeria
Abstract. - Sammanfattning. - Yhteenveto.
Water penetration sites in the testa of soybeans (Glycine max L Merril) during seed imbibition
The estrogenic action of genistein in the rodent prostatic urethra with special reference to the role of estrogen receptor subtypes (ER[alpha] and ER[beta])
Summary.
Meat and fish management
Soy supplementation and role of equol production capability in postmenopausal women using tibolone : effects on cardiovascular risk markers
Structural studies on enzymes of biotechnological and biomedical interest
Green deserts or new opportunities? : competing and complementary views on the soybean expansion in Uruguay, 2002-2013
Miso tasty : the cookbook : everyday, tasty recipes with miso - the Japanese superfood
Soybeans: chemistry and technology : edited by Allan K. Smith and Sidney J. Circle. 1, Proteins
Significance of low-isoflavone soy for human health
Vegetable oils in food technology : composition, properties and uses
Evaluation of the USDA soybean germplasm collection : maturity groups 000-IV (FC 01.547-PI 266.807)
Soybean : genetics, molecular biology and biotechnology
Soybean varietal improvement : proceedings of the International workshop, Jakarta, Indonesia 21-22 July 1984.
Modulation of conjugated linoleic acid-induced loss of chicken egg hatchability by dietary soybean oil
Candlemaking the natural way : 31 projects made with soy, palm & beeswax
Principles of crop production : theory, techniques, and technology
