http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1229 age
age
Smut : two unseemly stories
Learning and education of older workers : lifelong learning at the margin
Relationship between the rate of gestational weight gain and overweight in offspring at the age of 3 years
Socioemotional development and health from adolescence to adulthood
Matching heterogeneous job seekers and vacancies : empirical studies using Finnish data
Linking retirement age to life expectancy : what happens to working lives and income distribution
Attitudes, extramural English and ELF acquisition
Going gray : the mediation of politics in an ageing society
The time table of vegetative spreading of the Lily-of-the-valley (Convallaria majalis L.) and the Wood small-reed (Calamagrostis epigeios (L.) Roth) in southern Finland
Sensory and non-sensory factors behind the liking and choice of healthy food products
Enhancing the usability of telecare devices
Change in cognitive performance and its predictors in general population and schizophrenia in early midlife:the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1966 Study
Growing older : tourism and leisure behaviour of older adults
Ageing, demographic risks, and pension reform
Mid-life : a comic book
The aim of this work was to evaluate the frequency of diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) in children <15 years of age at the time of diagnosis of type 1 diabetes (T1D) at Oulu University Hospital over a period of 33 years (1982−2014) and throughout Finland in 2002−2005. The aim was to assess the effect of certain host characteristics (age at diagnosis, family history of T1D, T1D-associated HLA risk genotypes and participation in T1D prediction and prevention trials) on the frequency on DKA. A further aim was to assess temporal changes in the frequency of DKA.The overall frequency of diabetic ketoacidosis at the diagnosis of T1D in children <15 years was low both at Oulu University Hospital and over the whole country. A decrease in the frequency of DKA was observed at the university hospital during the years 1982−2001, but it then seemed to stabilize at just under 20.0%. The frequency in the whole of Finland during the period 2002−2005 was similar, i.e. 19.4%.The frequency of DKA at diagnosis in very young children (<2 years of age) at Oulu University Hospital decreased markedly during the period in question, being 50.0% in 1982−1991, 39.1% in 1992−2001 and 17.1% in 2002−2014 (p=0.021), and a similar decrease was seen in children <5 years (32.1% in 1982−1991, 17.7% in 1992−2001 and 13.0% in 2002−2014, p=0.007). The children aged 10−14.9 years at diagnosis, however, had an increased risk of DKA over the whole period studied here, and more attention should definitely be paid to this group in the future to reduce its DKA frequency.In the analysis of the data based on all children in Finland diagnosed with T1D in 2002−2005 the risk of DKA at diagnosis was lower in those with a first-degree relative affected by T1D. The children carrying a higher HLA-conferred risk of T1D had DKA less frequently at the manifestation of the disease.Prospective studies based on screening for HLA-DQB1-associated genetic susceptibility to T1D from cord blood and subsequent regular clinical, immunological and metabolic follow-up have been going on in Oulu University Hospital since 1995, and the children taking part have been found to have a reduced frequency of DKA (5%) at diagnosis. Genetic screening without follow-up did not prevent DKA at disease presentation.
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 2009 : Special Issue of the 16th Nordic Demographic Symposium in Helsinki
Socio-demographic factors and incidence of caesarean sections in Mozambique
Cultural anthropology : the human challenge
The weird sisters
Lifespan in the Finnish workplace : how corporate culture is influenced by aging
Your pregnancy after 35
The age of the earth
Effects of maturation and physical activity on muscle mass and strength in prepubertal girls during two-year follow-up
Reconstructing physical activity from human skeletal remains : potentials and restrictions in the use of musculoskeletal stress markers
How to age in place : planning for a happy, independent, and financially secure retirement
All the single ladies : unmarried women and the rise of an independent nation
Intermission : women, menopause and midlife
Expanding video business models beyond television : case: Live Stream Finland
The public confessions of a middle-aged woman aged 55 3/4
Motor coordination test as an indicator for skating performance in ice hockey for pre-puberty children
Contingent lives : fertility, time, and aging in West Africa
The human chapter
The first bad man : a novel
The significance of perceived development opportunities in the context of retention : comparing ageing and younger nurses
Spatial tree age structure and fire history in two old-growth forests in eastern Fennoscandia
Fit for birth and beyond : the guide for women over 35
Active ageing : controlling the (ageing) bodies
Human resource management in ageing societes : perspectives from Japan and Germany
The wedding
Aging criminals
Size- and age-related changes in tree structure and function
Effects of power versus endurance training on bone metabolism markers, serum hormone concentrations and physical performance in young athletes
Onko iällä väliä? : tutkimus suomalaisen seniorin pankkipalveluvalinnoista = Does the age matter? : the study about the bank service choices of Finnish seniors
Juvenescence : a cultural history of our age
Thinking of you
Living the good long life : a practical guide to caring for yourself and others
Needle chronologies on Pinus sylvestris in northern Estonia and southern Finland
Adult crime and social policy
Adult cognition and aging : developmental changes in processing, knowing and thinking
Versions of care technology
Lady : my life as a bitch
Managing multigenerational workforce : how to bridge the generation gaps?
Work and aging : a European perspective
Market reaction towards CEO appointments : do executive gender and age matter?
Increasing excess mortality among non-married elderly people in development countries
Managing an age diverse workforce
What do we mean when we speak of the 'late style' of a given writer, artist or composer? And what exactly do we mean by 'late Shakespeare'? Gordon McMullan argues that, far from being a natural phenomenon common to a handful of geniuses in old age or in proximity to death, late style is in fact a critical construct. Taking Shakespeare as his exemplar, he maps the development of the 'discourse of lateness' from the eighteenth century to the present, noting not only the mismatch between that discourse and the actual conditions for authorship in early modern theatre but also its generativity for subsequent projections of creative selfhood. He thus offers the first critique of the idea of late style, which will be of interest not only to literature specialists but also to art historians, musicologists and anyone curious about the relationship of creativity to old age and to death.
50-plus market : why the future is age neutral when it comes to marketing  & branding strategies
What is age? A simple question but not that easy to answer. "Unmasking Age" addresses it using data from a series of research projects relating to later life. This is supplemented by material from a range of other sources including diaries and fiction. Drawing on a long career in social research, Bill Bytheway critically examines various methods and discusses ways of uncovering the realities of age.
Demographic targeting : the essential role of population groups in retail marketing
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 46
Falling sideways
Anti-VEGF treatment of wet age-related macular degeneration : from neurophysiology to cost-effectiveness
Reconstructing physical activity from human skeletal remains:potentials and restrictions in the use of musculoskeletal stress markers
Meaning in mid-life transition
Variation in needle nutrient concentrations in the crown of Scots pine on peatland
Aspects of foreign language learning with special reference to the optimal starting age
Factors, complications and health-related quality of life associated with diabetes mellitus developed after midlife in men
Disability-free life expectancy by level of education in Finland
Hearing impairment, coping and percieved handicap in middle aged individuals with acquired hearing loss : an interactional perspective
The declining percentage of the working-age people
User-centered development of video telephony for servicing mainly older users : review and evaluation of an approach applied for 10 years
Relation of physical activity and sex steroid hormones to total body bone area and mass in premenarcheal girls
Tactical decisions of concentrate level, slaughter age and carcass weight of bulls of five beef breeds under Norwegian conditions
The power dance in research interview. Manifesting power and powerless
Counselling older clients
Psykiatrinen erikoissairaanhoito 2012 : Psykiatriska specialiserade sjukvården 2012 = Psychiatric specialist medical care 2012
I'm as old as I feel : subjective age in Finnish adults
Remarriage in old age
Being virtual : who you really are online
The time table of vegetative spreading in oak fern (Carpogymnia dryopteris (L.) Löve & Löve) and may-lily (Maianthemum bifolium (L.) F. W. Schmidt) in southern Finland
Human clocks : the bio-cultural meanings of age
The red book
Development of the elderly population in Helsinki
Shakespeare and the idea of late writing : authorship in the proximity of death
Helsinki's elite and some of its social characteristics
The assessment of biological age in man
Language development : the lifespan perspective
Long-term benzodiazepine use and the aged : time to change clinical practice
The silver market phenomenon : business opportunities in an era of demographic change
Never say die : the myth and marketing of the new old age
Finnish yearbook of population research. 45, 2010
What can parents do? : new insights into the role of parents in adolescent problem behavior
A lightweight, user-controlled system for the home
Rhyming life and death
Age and Foreign Language Learning in School
Site index curves for European aspen ( Populus tremula L.) growing on forest land of different soils in Sweden
Age-related differences in driving : are older drivers more seriel?
Effect of accumulated duration of the light period on bud burst in Norway spruce (Picea abies) of varying ages
What does it mean to be a middle-aged woman, whether in tribal and peasant societies or in the industrialized world? Typically, according to contributors to this book, it means greater freedom, sometimes including greater sexual freedom, more authority, and opportunities for social recognition. A unique collection of articles about middle-aged women in different cultures around the world, this expanded and updated volume contains two new chapters.
Optimal beef cattle management under agricultural policy reforms in Finland
"The United States is in the midst of a major demographic shift. In the coming decades, people aged 65 and over will make up an increasingly large percentage of the population: The ratio of people aged 65+ to people aged 20-64 will rise by 80%. This shift is happening for two reasons: people are living longer, and many couples are choosing to have fewer children and to have those children somewhat later in life. The resulting demographic shift will present the nation with economic challenges, both to absorb the costs and to leverage the benefits of an aging population. Aging and the Macroeconomy: Long-Term Implications of an Older Population presents the fundamental factors driving the aging of the U.S. population, as well as its societal implications and likely long-term macroeconomic effects in a global context. The report finds that, while population aging does not pose an insurmountable challenge to the nation, it is imperative that sensible policies are implemented soon to allow companies and households to respond. It offers four practical approaches for preparing resources to support the future consumption of households and for adapting to the new economic landscape"-- Publisher's summary.
Intra-specific variation in cell wall constituents of needle age classes of Pinus sylvestris in relation to soil fertility status in Southwest England
Effect of age, sex and lesion localization on language disorders in vascular brain lesions
Sporal regeneration of bracken (Pteridium aquilinum (L.) Kuhn.) in Finland in the light of the dimensions and the age of its clones
The users of hypnotics and anxiolytics in Denmark and Finland
"Totta kai se riippuu opettajasta!" : a study of success and failure attributions among Finnish students of English
Praise not the day before the night : guessing age and provenance
Laatupainotetut elinvuodet terveydenhuollon vaikuttavuuden arvioinnissa : järjestelmällinen kirjallisuuskatsaus = Use of quality-adjusted life years for the estimation of effectiveness of health care : a systematic literature review
The light of Amsterdam
The making of ageing policy : theory and practice in Europe
Labour supply and population cohorts: impact of the business cycle on labour market attachment
Pay differentials by age, education and family stage
Handbook of the life course. Volume II
In her prime : new views of middle-aged women
How old are you? The more thought you bring to bear on the question, the harder it is to answer. For we age simultaneously in different ways: biologically, psychologically, socially. And we age within the larger framework of a culture, in the midst of a history that predates us and will outlast us. Looked at through that lens, many aspects of late modernity would suggest that we are older than ever, but Robert Pogue Harrison argues that we are also getting startlingly younger--in looks, mentality, and behavior. We live, he says, in an age of juvenescence. Like all of Robert Pogue Harrison's books, Juvenescence ranges brilliantly across cultures and history, tracing the ways that the spirits of youth and age have inflected each other from antiquity to the present. Drawing on the scientific concept of neotony, or the retention of juvenile characteristics through adulthood, and extending it into the cultural realm, Harrison argues that youth is essential for culture's innovative drive and flashes of genius. At the same time, however, youth--which Harrison sees as more protracted than ever--is a luxury that requires the stability and wisdom of our elders and our institutions.
Combating age barriers in employment : research summary
Non-native speakers in call centers : the influence of language on the perceived service quality
Ketoacidosis at diagnosis of type 1 diabetes in children under 15 years of age
Sickness absence according to diagnoses among employees in food industry from 2003 to 2008
Psykiatrinen erikoissairaanhoito 2013 : Psykiatriska specialiserade sjukvården 2013 = Psychiatric specialist medical care 2013
This book discusses the empirical studies on how biological age influences foreign language learning in school. It provides a succinct overview of a complex field for both experts and researchers interested in the teaching and learning of foreign languages.
Fertility in Finland in the 1980s and 1990s : analysis of fertility trend by age and parity
Growth rings in tropical trees : proceedings of the joint session of IUFRO O5.05 Tree Ring Analysis and IAWA on Age and Growth Rate Determination in Tropical Trees, held on 18 May, 1988, in São Paulo, Brazil, during the IUFRO All Division 5 Conference
World marriage patterns 2000
Differential influence of peripheral and systemic sex steroids on skeletal muscle quality in pre- and postmenopausal women
Learning in the later years : principles of educational gerontology
Végétation forestière du Gabon = Forest vegetation of Gabon
Tree age distributions in old-growth forest sites in Vienansalo wilderness, eastern Fennoscandia
Summary.
The lonely polygamist : a novel
Do organizational and job-related factors relate to organizational commitment? : a mixed method study of the associations
Age in action : membership work and stage of life categories in talk
An econometric model of age-income profiles : a statistical analysis of Dutch income data 1958-1967
Common genetic influences on BMI and age at menarche
Quality of life. [2], The middle years
The effects of risk factors on disability : a multistate analysis of the U.S. health and retirement study
Getting to happy
Building on the success of the 2003 Handbook of the Life Course, this second volume identifies future directions for life course research and policy. The introductory essay and the chapters that make up the five sections of this book, show consensus on strategic "next steps" in life course studies. These next steps are explored in detail in each section: Section I, on life course theory, provides fresh perspectives on well-established topics, including cohorts, life stages, and legal and regulatory contexts. It challenges life course scholars to move beyond common individualistic paradigms. Section II highlights changes in major institutional and organizational contexts of the life course. It draws on conceptual advances and recent empirical findings to identify promising avenues for research that illuminate the interplay between structure and agency. It examines trends in family, school, and workplace, as well as contexts that deserve heightened attention, including the military, the criminal justice system, and natural and man-made disaster. The remaining three sections consider advances and suggest strategic opportunities in the study of health and development throughout the life course. They explore methodological innovations, including qualitative and three-generational longitudinal research designs, causal analysis, growth curves, and the study of place. Finally, they show ways to build bridges between life course research and public policy.
Girls & sex : navigating the complicated new landscape
The future for veteran trees
The year of the hare
The home of a baby boomer : a market research of the real estate needs of the baby boomer in the upstate of South Carolina; the case of Rosewood Communities Inc.
Education and longer working lives : a longitudinal study on education differences in the late exit from working life of older employees in Finland
"In a provocative, groundbreaking work, National Magazine Award&#173;-finalist Rebecca Traister, "the most brilliant voice on feminism in this country" (Anne Lamott), traces the history of unmarried women in America who, through social, political, and economic means, have radically shaped our nation.  For legions of women, living single isn't news; it's life.  In 2009, the award-winning journalist Rebecca Traister started All the Single Ladies--a book she thought would be a work of contemporary journalism--about the twenty-first century phenomenon of the American single woman. It was the year the proportion of American women who were married dropped below fifty percent; and the median age of first marriages, which had remained between twenty and twenty-two years old for nearly a century (1890-1980), had risen dramatically to twenty-seven.  But over the course of her vast research and more than a hundred interviews with academics and social scientists and prominent single women, Traister discovered a startling truth: the phenomenon of the single woman in America is not a new one. And historically, when women were given options beyond early heterosexual marriage, the results were massive social change--temperance, abolition, secondary education, and more.  Today, only twenty percent of Americans are wed by age twenty-nine, compared to nearly sixty percent in 1960. The Population Reference Bureau calls it a "dramatic reversal." All the Single Ladies is a remarkable portrait of contemporary American life and how we got here, through the lens of the single American woman. Covering class, race, sexual orientation, and filled with vivid anecdotes from fascinating contemporary and historical figures, All the Single Ladies is destined to be a classic work of social history and journalism. Exhaustively researched, brilliantly balanced, and told with Traister's signature wit and insight, this book should be shelved alongside Gail Collins's When Everything
A thousand splendid suns
Interplay of L1 transfer and age in learning English pronunciation among native speakers of Finnish and German : a comparative study
Hospital mortality of intensive care patients in Finland : insights into prognostic factors and measuring outcomes
Outcomes of collaborative medication reviews among elderly outpatients
The probability of moose damage at the stand level in southern Finland
The private lives of Pippa Lee
Tupakkatilasto 2013 = Tobaksstatistik 2013 = Tobacco statistics 2013
Sports medicine for specific ages and abilities
Wood and archaeology : acts of the European Symposium held at Louvain-la-Neuve, October 1987 = Bois et archéologie : actes dy Symposium Européen tenu à Louvain-la-Neuve, Octobre 1987
Tell the wolves I'm home: a novel
How can contemporary dance contribute to a critical discourse on age and ageing? Built on the premise that age(ing) is something we practice and perform as individuals and as a society, Susanne Martin asks for and develops strategies that allow dance artists to do age(ing) differently. As a whole, this project is an artistic research inquiry, which draws on and contributes to dance practice. The study develops, discusses, and stages practices and performances of age(ing) that offer alternatives to stereotypical and normative age(ing) narratives, which are not only part of dance but also of everyday culture.
Finnish summary.
Morphological, nutraceutical and sensorial properties of cultivated Fragaria vesca L. berries: influence of genotype, plant age, fertilization treatment on the overall fruit quality
Ageing employees and human resource management   evidence of gender-sensitivity?
The pattern of age at marriage in the United States
Diversity and the recreation profession : organizational perspectives
The men and the girls
Juvenile delinquency in Norway : three papers on: Sanctions, Alternatives, Age of Criminal Responsibility and Crime Trends
13.8 : the quest to find the true age of the universe and the theory of everything
Straight white male
The psychology of control and aging
The ordinary images : a study on stock photography and gender
You don't have to be good
The Hot Flash Club strikes again : a novel
The Botox diaries : a novel
The Nordic study on youth unemployment
Unmasking age : the significance of age for social research
Physical activity during middle age as a predictor of medication in old people
Whole : rethinking the science of nutrition
The game educator's handbook : revised international edition
Gender differences in the occurrence, prognosis and risk factor control of cardiovascular disease
Physical fitness in relation to age and sex : scientific seminar 23-24 of August 1962 Stockholm
Perceived threat and prejudice towards immigrants and Russian minorities living in Finland
An age management challenge: a study on company knowledge transfer from senior emloyees' to the company's utilization :  research of KPMG Oy Ab
The wooden sea
Demographic ageing is a reality -- within 25 years half the population of Western Europe will be over 50, one quarter over 65, and the Less Developed Countries will contain one billion elderly people. Ageing Societies examines the myths, challenges and opportunities behind these figures. Ageing Societies explores three areas: the growing necessity for extending economic activity into later life and the implications of societal ageing for the intergenerational contract and the provision of social security the changes in modern families and the implications the changes have for the provision of support and care for the ageing population the biggest demographic challenge of all: ageing in the Less Developed Countries where there is little or no infrastructure to provide long-term care or social security. Combining bio-demography, sociology, economics and development studies, Ageing Societies highlights the opportunities of an ageing population for a mature society. Age-integrated and flexible workforces, increased labour mobility, intergenerational integration, age equality and politically stable age-integrated societies are the potential benefits of a demography which will be with us for the majority of this century.
Age factors in biometric processing
Creating your perfect family size : how to make an informed decision about having a baby
Musculoskeletal disorders and physical strain among food factory workers
Mobile augmented teleguidance-based safety navigation concept for senior citizens
Paternal age, psychosis, and mortality : the Northern Finland 1966 Birth Cohort, Helsinki 1951–1960 Schizophrenia Cohort, and Finnish Nonaffective Psychosis Cohort
The brain in human aging
Peak expiratory flow is a prognostic indicator in elderly people : [letter]
Gender, physical activity and aging
That memory book : distractibility, forgetfulness and other unnerving high jinks of the middle-aged brain
Unintended pregnancy among currently pregnant maried women in Nepal
Learning together : a manual for multiage grouping
Early and late motherhood : economic, family background and social conditions
The Unit : a novel
Bone growth in pubertal girls : cross-sectional and longitudinal investigation of the association of sex hormones, physical activity, body composition, and muscle strength with bone mass and geometry
Abstract.
Applying genome-wide approach to define the genetics of low-density lipoprotein oxidation in two large cohorts
Kotihoidon laskenta 30.11.2012 : Klientinventering inom hemvården 30.11.2012 = Count of regular home-care clients on 30 November of 2012
Treatment and care for older drug users
Second chance
On distribution of growth in crown system of young Scots pine stands
Dancing age(ing) : rethinking age(ing) in and through improvisation practice and performance
Life-span development and behavior. Vol. 3
Observations on age-dimensional structure of Fucus vesiculosus : the dominating species of waters at the Barents Sea and the Kola Bay
Essays on plant size, employment dynamics and survival
"The twentieth century gave us two great theories of physics. The general theory of relativity describes the behavior of very large things, and quantum theory the behavior of very small things. In this landmark book, John Gribbin--one of the best-known science writers of the past thirty years--presents his own version of the Holy Grail of physics, the search that has been going on for decades to find a unified "Theory of Everything" that combines these ideas into one mathematical package, a single equation that could be printed on a T-shirt, containing the answer to life, the Universe, and everything. With his inimitable mixture of science, history, and biography, Gribbin shows how--despite skepticism among many physicists--these two great theories are very compatible, and point to a deep truth about the nature of our existence. The answer lies, intriguingly, with the age of the universe: 13.8 billion years."--
Dental fear among adults in Finland
Developed countries throughout the world are experiencing population ageing and the new challenges that arise from this change in the national demographic. The phenomenon of an ageing population has necessitated policy reform regarding the role of the state in providing income in retirement and the whole wider social meaning of later life. The politics of ageing have become a key issue for young and old voters alike as well as those who seek to represent them. Politicians carefully consider strategies for developing relationships with older voters in the context of both policy decisions and campaigns as issues that directly affect an ageing population often prove crucial in local and national election campaigns. "Going Grey" provides insight into how ageing and the increased proportion of older voters is being framed by the media. It investigates emerging discourses on the topic founded on economic pessimism and predictions of inter-generational conflict. By bringing together political communication and media discourses and placing them within the wider context of an ageist society this unique contribution demands us to re-think how the media portray and frame later life and examines the strategic electoral dilemmas facing political parties today. It provides an original and timely resource for scholars, students and general readers interested in understanding more about the mediation of, and the strategic campaign responses to, rapidly ageing populations.
Turning forty
Political behavior : studies in election statistics
Ageing and economic performance : dilemmas and dichotomies
Things your mother never told you
Age power : how the 21st century will be ruled by the new old
Aging and the macroeconomy : long-term implications of an older population
The study investigates parental child rearing methods, structural factors relating to the family during adolescence geographic segregation, individual resource deficits and social background of first time late live births among 32 to 37 years old women and compare to teenagers before becoming teenage mothers. The purpose is to study if results will be consistent with the hypotheses that poverty, social deprivation during adolescence and low education are causes of teen childbearing but also childlessness among elder women in the age group 32 to 37 years old. Could childlessness as well as teenage motherhood bee seen as a consequence of social deprivation and lack of educational possibilities? A discrete-time proportional hazard Cox model is applied to analyze the longitudinal observations of population-based registers covering 1980-2003 for girls born in 1966. Results show a significant economic and social gradient for first-time teenage mothers. Teenagers who had experienced family separation or who were formerly in out-of-home care in particular had an increased risk of early childbearing. Results showed that teenage mothers were in every respect in a more disadvantaged position than pregnant teenagers who had an induced abortion. Quite the opposite pattern is disclosed for late motherhood. Late first time childbirth is more commonly seen among women with a better family background and educated position than childless women in the same age group. The late first-time pregnant women who chose abortion are in a more disadvantaged position than the women who become a mother for the first time in the age group 32 to 37 years old. Conclusion: Disadvantage during adolescence is a precursor for teenage child bearing while parental unemployment and poverty are precursors of lifetime childlessness. While social disadvantage is a precursor for first time late abortion among 32 to 37 years old women, the teenage mothers are in a more disadvantage position than teenagers who choose induced abortions. Social disadvantages inflict at the same time early motherhood and childlessness because social disadvantages influence young women differently than elder women. .
The Enlightenment of age: women, letters and growing old in the French 18th century
Further work on the Kitaigorodskii roughness length mode : a new derivation using Lettau's expression on steep waves
Age, accent, and experience in second language acquisition : an integrated approach to critical period inquiry
The upright piano player : a novel
Ageing societies : myths, challenges and opportunities
Paternal age, psychosis, and mortality:the Northern Finland 1966 Birth Cohort, Helsinki 1951–1960 Schizophrenia Cohort, and Finnish Nonaffective Psychosis Cohort
Just like proper grown-ups
Profiles in cognitive aging
Finnish yearbook of population research. 43, 2007-2008
Concentration and deconcentration of Finnish population by age groups in 1975-1995
Sucrose, glucose, fructose, citric, malic, ascorbic (AA) and dehydroascorbic (DHAA) acids, total polyphenols (TP), radical scavenging activity (RSA), physicochemical and sensorial properties were determined on F. vesca Alpine (ALP) and Regina delle Valli (RDV) berries in relation to plant age and fertilisation treatment (Effective Microorganism Technology, EMT vs. traditional fertilization, TFT). ALP berries had a sum of AA and DHAA about 20% lower and TPs about 30% higher than RDV. Plant age affected most physicochemical parameters, sugars and organic acids, as well as sensorial appreciation, being them generally higher in berries produced in the second year. TPs were not affected by plant age. EMT produced an increase of 50%, 70% and 20% for TP, organic acids and RSA, respectively. Although changes in berry quality are expected with plant age, EMT cultivation of ALP should be preferred to the growth of RDV under TFT, to obtain fruits more valuable from the nutraceutical viewpoint.
