http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12224 motorcycle trials
motorcycle trials
Analysing legal transcripts : applying cognitive linguistics to transcripts from the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY)
Movement control impairment in recurrent subacute low back pain : a randomized controlled trial between specific movement control exercises and general exercises
Criminal Law and the Modernist Novel : Experience on Trial
Influences of genetic factors and regular exercise on bone in middle-aged men
This original book provides readers with an overview of the latest developments in personalized medicine clinical trials in oncology. The topics covered range from the rationale behind this new generation of clinical trials and the latest statistical models for high-throughput molecular techniques, bioinformatics, high-throughput screening molecular techniques and the challenges entailed by implementing them in daily practice. It also covers the key role of pathology in the validation of molecular results and the complex assessment of predictive biomarkers. The different topics covered are supplemented by unique concrete examples based on the SHIVA trial. The authors are all members of the French Curie Institute, one of the world's foremost cancer research institutions.
Interpreting and reporting clinical trials : a guide to the CONSORT statement and the principles of randomised controlled trials
Contents of trichothecenes in oats during official variety, organic cultivation and nitrogen fertilization trials in Finland
The hidden histories of war crimes trials
The Trial of Jesus : Cambridge studies in honour of C. F. D. Moule
Evaluation for personal injury claims
Yield, SDG lignan, cadmium, lead, oil and protein contents of linseed (Linum usitatissimum L.) cultivated in trials and at different farm conditions in the south-western part of Finland
Orthopedic manual therapy on low back pain with working adults : clinical tests, subclassification and clinical trial of low back pain
β-Glucan contents of groats of different oat cultivars in official variety, in organic cultivation, and in nitrogen fertilization trials in Finland
Cardiovascular autonomic regulation in patients with sustained hypertension of different etiology and severity
Total or subtotal hysterectomy for benign uterine diseases?
Documents on the Tokyo International Military Tribunal : charter, indictment and judgments
Neo-Babylonian trial records
Community control of hypertension : a study of trends in Finland with special emphasis on lifestyle modification
TRIALS : A RIDER'S GUIDE
In a prequel to "The Whistler" a judge handles his first murder trial, while a killer may have committed the perfect crime.
Randomization in clinical trials : theory and practice
Rye bread and glucose and insulin in healthy adults
Linseed varieties were studied in variety trials and under farm conditions in south-western Finland in the years 2007-2010. The variation in yield, oil, protein, SDG lignan, cadmium and lead contents were studied in 8 oil and 2 fibre linseed varieties. Genotypic, environmental and genotype x environment interaction variance estimates were calculated. Fibre varieties "Belinka" and "Martta" had higher protein and lower oil contents than oil linseed varieties.The SDG lignan contents of linseed varieties varied between 3635-9560 mg kg-1. Rather high genotypic variance was found in yield, oil, protein and SDG lignan contents. Variety "Laser" had lower SDG lignan content. "Abacus", "Helmi" and "Martta" had the highest SDG lignan contents. Variation in cadmium and lead contents were caused by environmental effects. The highest cadmium contents, 0.821.69 mg kg-1, were found in soils fertilized by wastewater sludge about 20 years ago and at fields with low bottom soil pH (4.1-4.5).
The fear within : spies, commies, and American democracy on trial
When Slobodan Milošević died in the United Nations Detention Unit in The Hague over four years after his trial had begun, many feared - and some hoped - that international criminal justice was experiencing some sort of death itself. Yet the Milošević case, the first trial of a former head of state by a truly international criminal tribunal and one of the most complex and lengthy war crimes trials in history, stands for much in the development and the future of international criminal justice, both politically and legally. This book, written by the senior legal advisor working for the Trial Chamber, analyses the trial to determine what lessons can be learnt that will improve the fair and expeditious conduct of complex international criminal proceedings brought against former heads of state and senior political and military officials, and develops reforms for the future achievement of best practice in international criminal law.
Effectiveness of a Mobile Phone App for Adults That Uses Physical Activity as a Tool to Manage Cigarette Craving After Smoking Cessation: A Study Protocol for a Randomized Controlled Trial
Several war crimes trials are well-known to scholars, but others have received far less attention. This book assesses a number of these little-studied trials to recognise institutional innovations, clarify doctrinal debates, and identify their general relevance to the development of international criminal law.
Evidence-based perspective on CP rehabilitation : reviews on physiotherapy, physiotherapy-related motor-based interventions and orthotic devices
Between freedom and subsistence : China and human rights
Pre-trial detention in the Baltic Sea region : a survey with conference proceedings and recommendations June 2003.
Therapeutic hypothermia after cardiac arrest : studies on neurological and cardiological outcome and prediction of outcome in hypothermia-treated patients resuscitated from out-of-hospital cardiac arrest
Product development of an A-frame
Expanded by 60% to cover a number of new topics, Legal Issues in Child Abuse and Neglect Practice offers a state-of-the-art exploration of what role the law can play in bettering the lives of victimised children.
Exercise for bone and cartilage in postmenopausal women with mild knee osteoarthritis
Analysis of technology and business antecedents for spectrum sharing in mobile broadband networks
Perspectives on the Nuremberg Trial
Pan-cancer integrative molecular portrait towards a new paradigm in precision medicine
Benzodiazepines and cognitive functioning in older adults : with emphasis on long-term use and withdrawal
Legal issues in child abuse and neglect practice
War crimes tribunals and transitional justice : : the Tokyo trial and the Nuremburg legacy
The Second PhD student Symposium of the Faculty of Health Sciences : abstracts
The last of the Scottsboro boys : an autobiography
Military tribunals
Prison religion : faith-based reform and the constitution
The right to a fair trial under the universal declaration of human rights and the international covenant on civil and political rights
Great world trials
Efficacy of Progressive Aquatic Resistance Training for Tibiofemoral Cartilage in Postmenopausal Women with Mild Knee Osteoarthritis : A Randomised Controlled Trial
Renal adenocarcinoma : clinical features and factors correlating to survival in 173 patients : a clinical investigation
Supporting community care of demented patients
Periprosthetic femoral bone loss and bone turnover after primary total hip arthroplasty
Public passions : the trial of Shi Jianqiao and the rise of popular sympathy in Republican China
They shall not die! : the story of Scottsboro in pictures : stop the legal lynching!
This book provides a unique empirical study of criminal trials in China. Western observers such as the media, politicians and the legal scholars alike, have rarely had the exposure to the vast majority of the ordinary criminal trials in China. A number of legal reforms have been implemented in Chinese criminal courts in recent years, but there has been little research on whether these reforms have been effective. This book fills that gap, by unveiling the day-to-day reality of criminal cases tried by the lowest level courts in China. The data used in this study include hundreds of criminal trial observations, complete criminal case dossiers, and a comprehensive questionnaire survey of criminal justice practitioners from one large province located in Chinas Southeast coast. These data were collected over a two-year period, with a generous research grant from the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation, by scholars already working in the Chinese legal system. The work opens with a historical framework of the Chinese criminal justice system, both Western and Chinese interpretations, and an overview of the current state of the system. It will provide unique analysis of how criminal trials are being carried out in China, with a useful context for scholars with varying levels of familiarity with the current system. The research framework for gathering data discussed in this book will also provide a useful basis for studying the criminal justice system in other regions.
Bast fibre content, fibre yield and fibre quality of different linseed genotypes
Trials fusion : PlayStation 4
Class action : the story of Lois Jenson and the landmark case that changed sexual harassment law
Cross-examination : science and techniques
Evidence-based cardiology
Evaluation of laparoscopic colposuspension and the tension-free vaginal tape procedure in the surgical treatment of female stress urinary incontinence
Helsinki heart study : baseline characteristics and feasibility of the intervention program
Treatment of obesity in children : a study on the efficacy of a family-based group program compared with routine counselling
For many years Luke-Acts has been studied as a work of history and theology. The Trial of the Gospel sets out to examine Luke's writings as an apologetic work, by focusing on those parts of Luke's story where the apologetic overtones seem most prominent - the trial narratives. By analysing the trials of all major Lukan characters - Jesus, Peter, Stephen, and Paul - Alexandru Neagoe argues that the narratives are best understood when viewed as part of Luke's apologia pro evangelio, a purpose which is in keeping with the author's declared aim to give his readers 'assurance' about the 'matters' in which they had been instructed (Luke 1:4). Neagoe concludes that the specific role of the trial narratives is to provide the framework within which important tenets of the Christian faith are themselves put 'on trial' before the reader, with the intended result of the gospel's confirmation.
The origins of adversary criminal trial
Physical work load as a risk factor for symptoms in the neck and upper limbs : exposure assessment and ergonomic intervention
Trials fusion : Xbox One
Pain management and outcome in children after adenoidectomy : a special reference to different administration routes of ketoprofen
Witness to a trial : a short story prequel to The whistler
This case study demonstrates the benefits of cognitive linguistic methods in the analysis of legal transcripts, in particular, the applications of discourse space theory, a recent cognitive linguistic theory developed by Professor Paul Chilton. Using text from a case tried before the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, these methods show us that there is more to be analysed in these transcripts than questions of law - linguistic methods can tell us more about the frames of mind of those testifying in court, which in turn reveals much about communities struggling to renew after ethnic conflict.
Effects of an eccentric training programme on hamstring strain injuries in women football players
Prevention of sports injuries : systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials
Measurement of bioactivity of immunomodulatory treatment of relapsing multiple sclerosis : with emphasis on MxA protein
Role of physical exercise, fitness and aerobic training in type I diabetic and healthy men in relation to the lipid profile, lipid peroxidation and the metabolic syndrome
Maternal pelvis, feto-pelvic index and labor dystocia
Fair trial and judicial independence : Hungarian perspectives
Designing clinical research
The trial and death of Jesus : essays on the Passion narrative in Mark
A major contribution to the literature in neurology from renowned neurointensivist Eelco F.M. Wijdicks, MD, PhD, Famous First Papers for the Neurointensivist presents and critically assesses numerous papers that have made a profound impact on the diagnosis and treatment of neurologically acute conditions. In general, there has been little historical work in acute neurologic conditions, precisely because neurology is not perceived through this perspective. Famous First Papers for the Neurointensivist addresses this problem by a scholarly treatment of early descriptions of clinical signs, syndromes and presenting the development of treatment of these acute disorders. Using a uniform and easy-to-read format, the title offers a clear reproduction of each paper's title page, a short historical note, and a brief discussion and its implications, and a final comment to provide perspective. Landmark clinical trials that apply to acute neurology are included, and the book also briefly discusses the birth of intensive care units. Ground-breaking and indispensable for all physicians and researchers interested in neurocritical care, Famous First Papers for the Neurointensivist is a unique, original reference, providing not only a single source for discovering the most important papers in the field but also a critical analysis of the impact of each paper on the development of neurocritical care.
Reaching judgment at Nuremberg
The right to fair trial in international & comparative perspective : : proceedings of a seminar convened on 9 November 1996 by the Centre for Comparative and Public Law, Faculty of Law, The University of Hong Kong in collaboration with the Regional Delegation for East Asia, International Committee of the Red Cross
Multidisciplinary rehabilitation after primary total knee arthroplasty:a study of its effects on health- related quality of life, functional capacity and cost-effectiveness
Uterine artery embolisation for leiomyomas : magnetic resonance imaging studies and a randomised prospective comparison with hysterectomy
These volumes reproduce a collection of documents relating to the Tokyo International Military Tribunal. The full text of the majority judgment, separate and dissenting opinions, charter, indictment, and rules of procedure are included. The documents are indexed and introduced by leading scholars in the field.
Pre-trial detention : human rights, criminal procedural law and penitentiary law, comparative law = Détention avant jugement : droits de l'homme, droit de la procédure pénale et droit pénitentiaire, droit comparé
Reduced muscle inactivity, sedentary time and cardio-metabolic benefits : effectiveness of a one-year family-based cluster randomized controlled trial
Clinical trials dictionary : terminology and usage recommendations
Trials fusion : PS4
Ketoprofen in tonsillectomy and adenoidectomy with special reference to the effects on surgical time, postoperative pain, adverse events and recovery after surgery
Clinical trials in rheumatology. Volume 1
Liveness : Performance in a Mediatized Culture
Acute rhinosinusitis during upper respiratory infection in children
The road to Nuremberg
The Tokyo International Military Tribunal : a reappraisal
Common sense rules of advocacy for lawyers
Contact and hybrid laser in the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia : comparison with transurethral resection of prostate
Victors' justice : the Tokyo War Crimes Trial
Genetic influences of the sex steroid pathway on fracture risk and the effect of hormone replacement therapy in early postmenopausal women
Torture in Greece : the first torturers' trial 1975.
"This book provides a practical guide to planning, tabulating, formulating, and implementing clinical research, in an easy-to-use, readable presentation"--Provided by publisher.
The Nuremberg Trials : international criminal law since 1945 : 60th anniversary international conference
Beyond justice : the Auschwitz trial
Darwin's nemesis : Phillip Johnson and the intelligent design movement
The legacy of Nuremberg : civilising influence or institutionalised vengeance?
The language of sexual misconduct cases
Contact and hybrid laser in the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia : comparison with transurethral resection of the prostate
The language of advocacy : what to say and how to say it in the courts of the English-speaking peoples
Health promotion : planning and strategies
The Milošević Trial : Lessons for the Conduct of Complex International Criminal Proceedings
The trial of the Germans : an account of the twenty-two defendants before the International Military Tribunal at Nuremburg
Cardiorespiratory fitness and physical activity in older adults : a population-based study in men and women
Sciatica:studies of symptoms, genetic factors, and treatment with periradicular infiltration
Good practice of clinical drug trials
The right to a fair trial : Article 6 of the European Convention on Human Rights
Behavioral and economic aspects of caries control
A Moral Theory of Political Reconciliation
Inside a class action : the Holocaust and the Swiss banks
Truth and due process
The last days of Jesus
Fifty years of Zionism : a historical analysis of Dr. Weizmann's 'Trial and error'
Liveness: Performance in a Mediatized Culture addresses what may be the single most important question facing all kinds of performance today. What is the status of live performance in a culture dominated by mass media?Since its first appearance, Philip Auslander's ground-breaking book has helped to reconfigure a new area of study. Looking at specific instances of live performance such as theatre, rock music, sport, and courtroom testimony, Liveness offers penetrating insights into media culture, suggesting that media technology has encroached on live events to the point where many are hardly live at all. In this new edition, the author thoroughly updates his provocative argument to take into account new digital and media technologies, and cultural, social and legal developments.In tackling some of the last great shibboleths surrounding the high cultural status of the live event, this book will continue to shape discussion and to provoke lively debate on a crucial artistic dilemma: what is live performance and what can it mean to us now?.
On the trial of Jesus
Messiah and temple : the trial of Jesus in the Gospel of Mark
Courting justice : from NY Yankees v. Major League Baseball to Bush v. Gore, 1997-2000
Acute abdominal pain in children with special reference to surgical techniques and effects of opioid analgesia on diagnostic accuracy
Technology assessment in nursing : a systematic review of the Finnish and international literature
Clinical trials : design, conduct, and analysis
The realist novel and the modern criminal trial both came to fruition in the nineteenth century. Each places a premium on the author's or trial lawyer's ability to reconstruct reality, reflecting modernity's preoccupation with firsthand experience as the basis of epistemological authority. But by the early twentieth century experience had, as Walter Benjamin put it, 'fallen in value'. The modernist novel and the criminal trial of the period began taking cues from a kind of nonexperience – one that nullifies identity, subverts repetition and supplants presence with absence. Rex Ferguson examines how such nonexperience colours the overlapping relationship between law and literary modernism. Chapters on E. M. Forster's A Passage to India, Ford Madox Ford's The Good Soldier and Marcel Proust's In Search of Lost Time detail the development of a uniquely modern subjectivity, offering new critical insight to scholars and students of twentieth-century literature, cultural studies, and the history of law and philosophy.
Scottsboro, Alabama : a story in linoleum cuts
Legal reasoning and legal writing : structure, strategy, and style
A huge number of therapeutic studies has been published in rheumatology and clinical immunology. This number grows substantially by the year. As such, it becomes increasingly difficult to keep track of this multitude of studies and the ensuing therapeutic trends. Further to this, a particular study can be referred to in a variety of ways, either as a shortened version of the title or an acronym, adding to the confusion. The book Clinical Trials in Rheumatology provides a summary of the important studies in the field for easy reference. Every study is shown with name, acronym (if in existence), authors, complete citation, study design, results, and summary. An acronym finder is supplied at the beginning of the book. This book is a valuable reference tool for rheumatologists and other clinical specialties, as well as for research scientists interested in immunomodulatory and selected other drug therapies in rheumatologic diseases.
Huanjing gongyi susong = Public interest environmental litigation
Summary.
Inside the Nuremberg Trial : a prosecutor's comprehensive account
Communicating the law : lessons from landmark legal cases
From protection to violation? : analyzing the right to a speedy trial at the Uganda Human Rights Commission
Gene transfer to the arterial wall : preclinical and clinical studies
Effectiveness of technology-based distance interventions promoting physical activity : Systematic review, meta-analysis and meta-regression
Novel pulse-echo ultrasound methods for diagnostics of osteoporosis
Human rights in criminal proceedings
Famous first papers for the neurointensivist
Appellate advocacy : principles and practice
Evidence for the ten steps to successful breastfeeding
Christ on trial : how the gospel unsettles our judgement
After Mabo : interpreting indigenous traditions
Positioning in wireless networks:non-cooperative and cooperative algorithms
Summer for the gods : the Scopes trial and America's continuing debate over science and religion
Jury decision making and social network analysis
The effect of improvisational music therapy on the treatment of depression: protocol for a randomised controlled trial
Role of statins in acute pancreatitis and symptomatic cholelithiasis
This comprehensive publication analyzes numerous aspects of the relationship between judicature and the fair trial principle in a comparative perspective. In addition, it examines the manifestation of some of the most significant elements inherent to the fair trial concept in different legal systems. Along with expansion of judicial power during the past century and with the strengthening of judicial independence, the fair trial requirement has appeared more often, especially in different international agreements and national constitutions, as the summarizing principle of what were formerly constitutional principles pertaining to judicature. Despite its generality and supranational application, the methods of interpreting this clause vary significantly among particular legal systems. This book assumes that the substantive content of this term conveys relevance to the organizational independence of judicial power, the selection of judges, and the mutual relationship between the branches of power. The comparative studies included in this collection offer readers a widespread understanding of the aforementioned correlations and will ultimately contribute to their mastery of the concept of fair trial.
Oral lichen planus – etiopathogenesis and management
Following extended periods of conflict or repression, political reconciliation is indispensable to the establishment or restoration of democratic relationships and critical to the pursuit of peacemaking globally. In this book, Colleen Murphy offers an innovative analysis of the moral problems plaguing political relationships under the strain of civil conflict and repression. Focusing on the unique moral damage that attends the deterioration of political relationships, Murphy identifies the precise kinds of repair and transformation that processes of political reconciliation ought to promote. Building on this analysis, she proposes a normative model of political relationships. A Moral Theory of Political Reconciliation delivers an original account of the failure and restoration of political relationships, which will be of interest to philosophers, social scientists, legal scholars, policy analysts, and all those who are interested in transitional justice, global politics, and democracy.
Courtroom communication strategies
Murder, courts, and the press : issues in free press/fair trial
The right to confrontation in Europe : absent, anonymous, and vulnerable witnesses
In the tradition of A Civil Action and Erin Brockovitch, Class Action is a story of intrigue and injustice as dramatic as fiction but all the more poignant because it is true. In the coldest reaches of northern Minnesota, a group of women endured a shocking degree of sexual harassment–until one of them stepped forward and sued the company that had turned a blind eye to their pleas for help. Jenson vs. Eveleth Mines, the first sexual harassment class action in America, permanently changed the legal landscape as well as the lives of the women who fought the battle. In 1975, Lois Jenson, a single mother on welfare, heard that the local iron mine was now hiring women. The hours were grueling, but the pay was astonishing, and Jenson didn't think twice before accepting a job cleaning viscous soot from enormous grinding machines. What she hadn't considered was that she was now entering a male-dominated, hard-drinking society that firmly believed that women belonged at home–a sentiment quickly born out in the relentless, brutal harassment of every woman who worked at the mine. When a group of men whistled at her walking into the plant, she didn't think much of it; when they began yelling obscenities at her, she was resilient; when one of them began stalking her, she got mad; when the mining company was unwilling to come to her defense, she got even. From Jenson's first day on the job, through three intensely humiliating trials, to the emotional day of the settlement, it would take Jenson twenty-five years and most of her physical and mental health to fight the battle with the mining company. But with the support of other women miners like union official Patricia Kosmach and her luck at finding perhaps the finest legal team for class action law, Jenson would eventually prevail. Clara Bingham and Laura Leedy Gansler take readers on a fascinating, page-turning journey, the roller-coaster ride that became Jenson vs. Eveleth and show us that Class Action is not just one woman's story, it's every woman's legacy.
The Trial of the Gospel : An Apologetic Reading of Luke's Trial Narratives
Reanimated voices : speech reporting in a historical-pragmatic perspective
