http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12213 sympathy
sympathy
To-from : designing a non-verbal reciprocal online connection : case study of Japan support flag
The psychology of sympathy
Adam Ferguson : philosophy, politics and society
What do we feel when we watch dancing? Do we 'dance along' inwardly? Do we sense what the dancer's body is feeling? Do we imagine what it might feel like to perform those same moves? If we do, how do these responses influence how we experience dancing and how we derive significance from it? "Choreographing Empathy" challenges the idea of a direct psychphysical connection between the body of a dancer and that of their observer. In this groundbreaking investigation, Susan Foster argues that the connection is in fact highly mediated and influenced by ever-changing sociocultural mores. With the term 'choreography' now being employed to describe troop movements in Iraq, the management of boardroom discussions and even the co-ordination of traffic lights, this is a reconception with ramifications not just for dance studies but for performance studies as a whole. Foster traces the changing definitions of choreography, kinesthesia and empathy from the 1700s to the present day, showing how the observation, study and discussion of dance has developed through time. Understanding this development is key to understanding physicality and the body politic.
Leading with Wisdom : spiritual-based leadership in business
Misery and company : sympathy in everyday life
Relationships of sympathy : the writer and the reader in British romanticism
Victorian fiction and the insights of sympathy : an alternative to the hermeneutics of suspicion
The marriage of minds : reading sympathy in the Victorian marriage plot
The nature of synpathy
The Art of Sympathy in Fiction : forms of ethical and emotional persuasion
Interpersonal understanding and theory of mind
Compassion : the culture and politics of an emotion
The subtlety of emotions
The art of sympathy : forms of moral and emotional persuasion in fiction
There has recently been a good deal of interest in moral sentimentalism, but most of that interest has been exclusively either in meta-ethical questions about the meaning of moral terms or in normative issues about benevolence and/or caring and their place in morality. In Moral Sentimentalism Michael Slote attempts to deal with both sorts of issues and to do so, primarily, in terms of the notion or phenomenon of empathy. Hume sought to do something like this over two centuries ago, though he didn't have the term "empathy" and used "sympathy" instead. Slote therefore attempts to give moral sentimentalism a second wind. By relying so systematically on empathy in its account of normative morality and in what it has to say about the meaning of moral vocabulary, Slote offers a unified overall ethical picture that can then be tested against ethical rationalism. Rationalism has recently dominated the scene in ethics, but by showing how sentimentalism can make coherent and intuitive sense of such preferred rationalist notions as autonomy, respect, and justice - and by showing how a sentimentalism based in empathy can deal with ethically significant aspects of the moral life that rationalism tends to ignore or skimp on - Slote hopes a wider and more active debate between rationalism and sentimentalism can be set in motion. There are signs that sentimentalist modes of thought are gaining new footholds on the way ethics is done, and this new book is very hopeful about these possibilities.
Sympathy : a philosophical analysis
Modernism and the rhythms of sympathy : Vernon Lee, Virginia Woolf, D. H. Lawrence
The romantic crowd : sympathy, controversy and print culture
Born to be good : the science of a meaningful life
American sympathy : men, friendship, and literature in the new nation
Sympathy as self-discovery : the significance of caring for others in "Betrayals"
The virtue of sympathy : magic, philosophy, and literature in seventeenth-century England
Choreographing empathy : kinesthesia in performance
What is compassion, how does it affect the quality of our lives and how can we develop compassion for ourselves and others? Humans are capable of extreme cruelty but also considerable compassion. Often neglected in Western psychology, this book looks at how compassion may have evolved, and is linked to various capacities such as sympathy, empathy, forgiveness and warmth. Exploring the effects of early life experiences with families and peers, this book outlines how developing compassion for self and others can be key to helping people change, recover and develop ways of living that increase well-being.
Justice and compassion in biblical law
"In the long eighteenth century, sympathy was understood not just as an emotional bond, but also as a physiological force, through which disruption in one part of the body produces instantaneous disruption in another. Building on this theory, Romantic writers explored sympathy as a disruptive social phenomenon, which functioned to spread disorder between individuals and even across nations like a 'contagion'. It thus accounted for the instinctive behaviour of people swept up in a crowd. During this era sympathy assumed a controversial political significance, as it came to be associated with both riotous political protest and the diffusion of information through the press. Mary Fairclough reads Edmund Burke, Mary Wollstonecraft, William Godwin, John Thelwall, William Hazlitt and Thomas De Quincey alongside contemporary political, medical and philosophical discourse. Many of their central questions about crowd behaviour still remain to be answered by the modern discourse of collective psychology"--
Western spectacle of governance and the emergence of humanitarian world politics
The evolution of sympathy in the long eighteenth century
Narrative as experience : the pedagogical implications of sympathizing with fictional characters
Eagle's shadow : why America fascinates and infuriates the world
Nonviolent communication : a language of life
The nature of sympathy
