http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12265 fuels
fuels
NOx emissions reduction in a biodiesel engine by means of EGR technology
Converting a 90 ́s Nissan 200SX into a Flexible Fuel Vehicle.
Energy use worldwide : a reference handbook
Abstract.
Biogas in Vietnam : a proposed business model in biogas sector
Biogas technology
Diesel fuel injection systems : papers presented at a seminar organized by the Combustion Engines Group of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers and held at the Institution of Mechnical Engineers on 28-29 September 1995.
Greenhouse impact assessment of some combustible fuels with a dynamic life cycle approach
Understanding the characteristics of unutilized biomass resources, such as small-diameter trees from biomass-dense thinning forests (BDTF) (non-commercially-thinned forests), can provide important information for developing a bio-based economy. The aim of this study was to describe the areal distribution, characteristics (biomass of growing stock, tree height, etc.) and harvesting potential of BDTF in Sweden. A national forest inventory plot dataset was imported into a geographical information system and plots containing BDTF were selected by applying increasingly stringent constraints. Results show that, depending on the constraints applied, BDTF covers 9-44% (2.1-9.8 M ha) of the productive forest land area, and contains 7-34% of the total growing stock (119-564 M OD t), with an average biomass density of 57 OD t ha-1. Of the total BDTF area, 65% is located in northern Sweden and 2% corresponds to set-aside farmlands. Comparisons with a study from 2008 indicate that BDTF area has increased by at least 4% (about 102 000 ha), in line with general trends for Sweden and Europe. Analyses revealed that the technical harvesting potential of delimbed stemwood (over bark, including tops) from BDTF ranges from 3.0 to 6.1 M OD t yr-1 (7.5 to 15.1 M m3 yr-1), while the potential of whole-tree harvesting ranges from 4.3 to 8.7 M OD t yr-1 (10.2 to 20.6 M m3 yr-1) depending on the scenario considered. However, further technological developments of the harvest and supply systems are needed to utilize the full potential of BDTF..
Zero-carbon energy Kyoto 2010 : proceedings of the second international symposium of global COE program "Energy science  in the age of global warming - toward CO2 zero-emission energy system"
Industry and traffic related particles and their role in human health
Construction of nuclear power and extension to a final disposal repository for spent nuclear fuel
23rd CIMAC world congress on combustion engine technology for ship propulsion, power generation, rail traction : May 7-10, 2001, Hamburg, Germany. Volume 2, Diesel engines - exhaust emission, Gas turbines - exhaust emission, Fuels, lubricants, tribology, Components
Fundamentals of motor vehicle technology
Development towards an efficient and sustainable biofuel drying
Automotive fuels and fuel systems : fuels, tanks, fuel delivery, metering, air charge augmentation, mixing, combustion and environmental considerations. Volume 2, Diesel
Bosch technical instruction. Mmotronic : Combined ignition and fuel-injection system with lambda closed-loop control
Soil and soil-water chemistry below different amounts of logging residues at two harvested forest sites in Sweden
Biohydrogen production : a protein to community level perspective study
The European Union and assembling biofuel development : topological investigations concerning the associations between law, policy and space
This paper examines Russian energy development and plans and their geopolitical implications around the turn of the new millennium. Argumentation is founded on the interpretation of the impacts of stakeholders' interests on geopolitics under new societal conditions and the legacy of past energy production and logistics. Empirical evidence consists of material from the projects of Russian companies and the plans and politics of the Russian Government for developing the energy sector.The redefined borders and the geographical shifts of energy production have brought about the orientation of Russia's energy development and interests towards the north. The former empire's parts bordering on Russia in the west, Belarus and first of all Ukraine, have become problematic due to transit payment conflicts. Consequently, Russian companies develop ports in North-West Russia as well as plan the construction of new oil and gas pipelines through the Baltic Sea Region. On the other hand, the northern location of the infrastructure plans is a geographical necessity, in the way that new oil and gas deposits lie in northern high-latitude zones. Energy stakeholders' market-oriented interests greatly influence the country's economic orientation to the advanced economies and the global economy. Thus, Russia's new energy geopolitics means economic integration and networking with partners (companies, nations and economic areas) that are able to co-operate successfully in the economic sector. In all, the energy projects and plans in Russia are derived from these restructured, pragmatic and market-led economic interests, which have led to the growing significance of gateways in North-West Russia.
Development of a dimethyl ether (DME)-fueled shuttle bus
Electrochemical technologies for energy storage and conversion. Vol. 1 & Vol. 2
Review of nuclear fuel experimental data : fuel behaviour data available from IFE-OCDE Halden project for development and validation of computer codes
Vegetable oils and their derivatives as fuels for CI engines : an overview
Towards sustainable and efficient biofuels production : use of pervaporation in product recovery and purification
Present and future automotive fuels
Diesel particulate emissions : measuremet techniques, fuel effects and control technology
The influence of cellulosic liquefaction fuel FAME and diesel fuel mixture on diesel engine performance
Oxy-fuel combustion and flue gases recirculation : apparatus development, measurements and model
Development of fuel injection equipment and compustion system for DI diesels operated on dimethyl ether
Combustion of peat : proceedings of the symposium of Commission 2 [of the International Peat Society] , Kuopio, Finland 23-26 September, 1975.
Study of emission and combustion characteristics of RME B100 biodiesel from a heavy duty DI diesel engine
Effect of open channel filter and alternative fuels on diesel particles
Climate impacts of peat fuel utilization chains : a critical review of the Finnish and Swedish life cycle assessments
Testing of conventional fuel valves with hand-operates and air-driven test devices : W50DF and W46 engines
Sustainable development : case: energy production in Namibia
Behaviour of fuel-bound nitrogen in gasification and in high-temperature NH3 removal processes
Alternative fuels utilization program : transportation technologies
SAE 2002 transactions. Section 4, Journal of fuels and lubricants
Komatsu STA 12v140 water-emulsified fuel engine
Sustainable LCA of biofuels : comparison of different types of biofuels in their life cycle stages
HCCI compustion of hydrogen, carbon monoxide and dimethyl ether
The end of oil : on the edge of a perilous new world
Physical characterization of diesel soot particles
Nuclear fuel safety criteria : technical review
Developing Biofuel Production from Food Industry Wastes in the Rural Area of Kenya.
Two billion cars : driving towards sustainability
Energy from biomass : a review of combustion and casification technologies
Analysing ethanol as an export product
Community divided : adaptation and aversion towards the spent nuclear fuel repository in Eurajoki and its neighbouring municipalities
Biogas production from energy crops and crop residues
A new clean diesel technology : demonstration of ULEV emissions on a navistar diesel engine fueled with dimethyl ether
Results from a durability test of a mustard seed oil driven tractor engine
Publications of the Fuel and Lubricant Research Laboratory in 1970-1981
Advanced biofuels and bioproducts
Sulphur content in ships bunker fuel in 2015 : a study on the impacts of the new IMO regulations and transportation costs
Fuels 2009 : mineral oil based and alternative fuels, 7th International colloquium [fuels], January 14 -15, 2009, [Ostfildern-Nellingen, Germany]
Identification and quantification of indirect land and resource use changes : challenges caused by expanding liquid biofuel production
Automotive fuels and fuel systems : fuels, tanks, fuel delivery, metering,air charge augmentation, mixing, combustion and environmental considerations. 2, Diesel
Handbook of environmental engineering calculations
The internal-combustion engine in theory and practice. Volume 2, Combustion, fuels, materials, design
Norwegian wood : chopping, stacking and drying wood the Scandinavian way
International seminar on application of powertrain and fuel technologies to meet emissions standards, 24-26 June 1996
Production of alcohols and other oxygenates from fossil fuels and renewables : final report
Essentials of Energy Technology : Sources, Transport, Storage and Conservation
Analysis of procurement processes and volumes
Thesis comprises the development of Wärtsilä 46 common rail engine fuel injection system, focusing on the period from the first engine deliveries January 2001 to January 2005. The following main parts of the system are discussed: injection pump, injection valve, accumulator, HP and LP pressure pipes, return fuel and control oil systems. The thesis was made to describe changes made in the components and reasons for these modifications during the trajectory of this engine type. The development work has been ongoing during and after engine deliveries. All the time new information is gathered from the field experience on how to improve engines and optimize components characteristics. This test and learning experience is an important part of the development work.
An experimental and theoretical study of multiphase flow in a circulating fluidized bed
Nitrous-oxide injection : [practical methods for reliable horsepower]
Market analysis of second-generation bioethanol in Vietnam : implication for business options
Study on combustion and emission characteristics of diesel engines using ethanol blended diesel fuels
Using biodiesel in Yellowstone National Park : final report of the truck in the park project
Gasoline fuel-injection system mono-jetronic
Transport System of Imported Liquefied Natural Gas in Vietnam : Case: PetroVietnam Gas Corporation
Publications of the Fuel and Lubricant Research Laboratory in 1970-June 1980
CI engine performance for use with alternative fuels, 2008
Practical petroleum tables for ship's use : rapid conversion of cubic feet to long and metric tons
The first generation biodiesel : the effects of raw material on physical properties, oxidation stability and emissions
Vapor liquid equilibrium measurements for clean fuel processes
Peat and forest biomass as an energy source : Finnish experience : report on a study tour of the ECE/UNDP Inter-Vountry Project on International Co-operative Research on Low-Calorie-Value (LCV) Solid Fuel Technology
Enhancement of biomass and lipid production of microalgae in mixed populations in waste water  : suitability to wastewater purification and biomass and lipid
Socio-technical risk governance through dyadic risk dialogue : copper corrosion as a safety challenge in the geological disposal of spent nuclear fuel
Transboundary air pollution : effects and control : report prepared within the framework of the Convention on Long-range Transboundary Air Pollution
Saccharomyces cerevisiae hiivan ksyloosifermentaation tehostaminen.
Differences in taxation on heavy goods vehicles in Europe
An appraisal of UK energy research, development, demonstration & dissemination
David Blume's alcohol can be a gas! : fueling an ethanol revolution for the 21st century
This thesis is an assignment from Wärtsilä Finland Oy. The aim of this thesis is to collect knowledge about fuel hoses used in Wärtsilä 46, Wärtsilä 46F and Wärtsilä 50 engines. This component has many problems. Those problems are presented and offered a proposal for solutions. Information to this thesis is gathered from Wärtsilä personnel and from Wärtsilä?s database. First chapters are basic information about the component. There is product and material specification and technical data about the fuel hoses. All the stakeholders and vendors are introduced. Next chapters are concerning major technical problems and some ideas on improving lifetime and profitability for customers. Most of the technical problems are not involved or caused by the company or manufactures. Handling and wrong assembling are the most common problems within the company. To understand sale?s prospect it is important to have the knowledge about life-cycle and life time expectations of fuel hoses. Information about costs is merely a comparison between all the vendors. Sales department was also a major reason to get the component?s problems solved. This department has many problems and those are described with figures and tables. This thesis was made to be an information package about fuel hoses. Thesis also contains instructions of handling and installation for this component. Major classifications and directives were introduced for Ship Power and Power Plant. Finally there is a proposal how to solve previously presented problems. The goal for these actions was to improve the life cycle efficiency and profitability and also describing the basic substance of the component.
Characterisation of wooden biofuels using near infrared spectroscopy : a pre-study
Industrial utilisation of firewood in Finland in 1927-1957.
Building a Collaborative Network for Smooth Market Penetration for Finnish Bioenergy Companies in Africa : Case: MHG Systems Oy/Feedstock Optimum Ltd
SAE Fuels and lubricants standards manual : SAE HS-23
Application of advanced simulation methods and their combination with experiments to modeling of hydrogen fueled engine emissions potentials
Material and energy balance of solid recovered fuel production
Applied combustion
23rd CIMAC world congress on combustion engine technology for ship propulsion, power generation, rail traction : May 7-10, 2001, Hamburg, Germany. Volume 4, Integrated systems, Fuels, lubricants, tribology
Hydrogen as a fuel : learning from nature
Atmospheric impact of bioenergy based on reed canary grass cultivation on organic soil
Renewable fuels, 2008
Study of oxy-fuel combustion of single coal char particles : experimental and modelling
Biofuels, solar and wind as renewable energy systems : benefits and risks
The eternal flame
Modeling carbon sequestration and timber production in a regional case study
Alternative fuels and heavy duty engines
"Expansion of biofuel investment in Africa has been supported by indebted poor governments because of perceived potential benefits such as sustainable energy development, support to poor farmers, development of rural economies and reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. However, the intensity of the biofuels political economy in poor countries worsens inequality for the vulnerable poor. This is evidenced by large-scale land acquisitions in Africa for biofuel and crop production primarily for foreign consumption - food, animal feeds and energy crops. The search for land in African countrieshas been triggered by growing concerns over food and energy security in developed countries following the global food crisis of 2008. Moreover, these recent developments in large-scale land acquisitions in Africa are not a new phenomenon, but represent the renewal of old practices incommercial agriculture, which is either conducted through purchases or long-term leases. In addition to biofuel expansion, this study notes that current large-scale land acquisitions in sub-Saharan Africa have been further driven by demands to access water resources for other commercial agricultural crops. The land purchases or leases automatically guarantee access to African water. This demand for water is a response to climate change: most industrialists believe that acquiring land near a main water reservoir will guarantee future agricultural potential. Few analyses have been done on the land-water access nexus. This article considers recent developments in large-scaleland acquisitions in Africa in terms of water security for commercial agriculture to safeguard the production of agricultural crops with a large water footprint. Using political economy analysis, this article examines national policy on these acquisitions, the rights accorded to foreign investors and how land acquisitions undermine indigenous rights to the common resources that have been the mainsource of livelihood in sub-Saharan Africa." --Publisher's description.
Biofuels : alternative feedstocks and conversion processes
Sustainable biodiesel production from microalgae cultivated with piggery wastewater
Use of biomass fuels in the brick-making industries of Sudan : implications for deforestation and greenhouse gas emission
Effects of two-spring injectors on the performance and emissions of a mustard seed oil driven tractor engine
Engine electronics
Environmental impact assessment for coal
Fuel switching, energy saving and carbon trading : three ways to control carbon dioxide emissions in the Finnish forest industry
Alternative fuels : emissions, economics, and performance
Ford P2000 hydrogen engine design and vehicle development program
Fuel flexible energy generation : solid, liquid and gaseous fuels
Rotor pilot project on M/S Estraden of Bore fleet
Sperling and Gordon outline the problem in full and assign blame squarely where it belongs--on the auto-industry, short-sighted government policies, and consumers. They consider the issue from all angles and take up such topics as getting beyond the gas-guzzler monoculture, breaking Detroit's hold on energy and climate policy, the search for low-carbon fuels, California's pioneering role, and more. --  Promising advances in both transportation technology and fuel efficiency together with shifts in traveler behavior, they suggest, offer us a way out of our predicament. -- Ultimately, the authors contend that the two places that have the most troublesome emissions problems, California and China, are the most likely to become world leaders on these issues
Study of particulate matter-, NOx- and hydrocarbon emissions from a diesel engine fueled with diesel oil and biodiesel with fumigation of hydrogen, methane and propane
Fuel cell technology for vehicles
Diesel Emissions on CD-ROM from the SAE 2004 World Congress
The proceedings of the 1995 fall technical conference of the ASME internal combustion engine division : new technology challenges for the future. Volume 3, Alternative fuels and natural gas, ICE-vol. 25-3
Process steam systems : a practical guide for operators, maintainers, and designers
Industrial and process furnaces : principles, design and operation
Biofuels : application of biologically derived products as fuels or additives in combustion engines
Biofore / : UPM's stakeholder magazine
Effect of injection pressure on ignition, flame development and soot formation processes of biodiesel fuel spray
Stump removal to control root rot in forest stands : a literature study
Global opportunities for reducing the use of leaded gasoline
Methane combustion
The aims of this study were to determine the phytotoxicity of stored rapeseed (Brassica rapa) oil (RSO) and rapeseed oil methyl ester (RME) after "spill like" contamination on the growth of barley (Hordeum vulgare) and the biodegradability of these substances in OECD 301F test conditions and in ground water. Rapeseed oil and rapeseed oil methyl ester were both stored for a period of time and their fuel characteristics (e.g. acid number) had changed from those set by the fuel standards and are considered to have an effect on its biodegradation. The phytotoxicity was tested using two different types of barley cultivars: "Saana" and "Vilde". The phytotoxic effect on the barley varieties was determined, after the growth season, by measuring the total biomass growth and the mass of 1000 kernels taken from the tests plots. Also visual inspection was used to determine what the effects on the barley growth were. These measurements suggest that both RSO and RME have a negative impact on barley sprouts and therefore the total growth of the barley. RSO and RME both decreased the total amount of harvested phytomass. The weight of 1000 kernels increased with low concentrations of these contaminants and high contamination levels reduced the mass of the kernels. The results of these experiments suggest that the stored rapeseed oil and rapeseed oil methyl ester are both phytotoxic materials and therefore will cause substantial loss of vegetation in the case of a fuel spill. The RSO and RME biodegraded effectively in the measurement period of 28 days under OECD test conditions: the degree of biodegradation being over 60%. The biodegradation in the ground water was much slower: the degree of biodegradation being about 10% after 28 days.
Peat and forest biomass as an energy source : Finnish experience : report on a study tour of the ECE/UNDP inter-country Project on International Co-operative Research on Low-Calorie-Value (LCV) Solid Fuel Technology
Crossing the energy divide : moving from fossil fuel dependence to a clean-energy future
Review, Assessment and Development of Search Engine for Residential Wood Combustion
Gasoline Fuel-injection system L-Jetronic
The biogas handbook : science , production and applications
Small-scale pellet boiler emissions : characterization and comparison to other combustion units
Medical solid waste and wastewater treatment business in Vietnam : Market analysis and developing a competitive marketing strategy for selling medical solid waste and wastewater treatment equipment
New governance in context : evaluating the EU biofuels regime
INSTALLATION, COMMISSIONING AND TROUBLE SHOOTING OF VARIABLE FREQUENCY DRIVE
Edison to Enron : energy markets and political strategies
Woodbased fuels in small-scale regional heating plants
The purpose of this thesis is to clarify the operating principles of and differences between various kinds of test benches as well as the functionality of their test bulletins. The thesis was commissioned by Wärtsilä Finland Oy in order to shed light on the use of test benches and bulletins. Sources of information were Wärtsilä`s test bulletins, databases and employees. All practical work for the thesis was carried out at Wärtsilä`s research laboratory in Turku. First, basic information about the Wärtsilä 46 and 50DF diesel engines, fuel injectors and test bulletins is provided. Then, the test benches and testing procedures are described. Finally, the improvements made to the test benches and their properties are illustrated. The thesis was a success. It provides valuable information on the use of various test benches and test bulletins and clarifies several problems that can be encountered during testing.
Ghosts of crises past : comparing Japanese policy effectiveness in the 1970s oil crises and contemporary climate change
Interlaboratory Proficiency Test 6/2014 : gross and net calorific values in fuels
Bioethanol Potential of Preserved Biowaste
Synthesis of single and mixed metal oxides for VOCs oxidation
Kierrätyspolttoaineet = Solid recovered fuels : laboratorionäytteen esikäsittelymenetelmät = methods for laboratory sample preparation
Run your diesel vehicle on biofuels : a do-it-yourself guide
The primary aim of this study was to clarify the chipping productivity and fuel consumption of tractor-powered and truck-mounted drum chippers when chipping pine pulpwood at a terminal. The secondary aim was to evaluate the impact of wood storage time on the chemical and physical technical specifications of wood chips by chipping pulpwood from eight different storage time groups, using Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) pulpwood stems logged between 2 and 21 months previously at the terminal with the above-mentioned chippers. Thirdly, the impact of sieve mesh size on the particle size distribution of wood chips from different age groups was compared by using an 80 mm × 80 mm sieve for a tractor-powered chipper and a 100 mm × 100 mm sieve for a truck-mounted chipper. With both chippers, the chipping productivity grew as a function of grapple load weight. The average chipping productivity of the tractor-powered chipper unit was 19 508 kg (dry mass) per effective hour (E0h), and for the truck-mounted chipper the average productivity was 31 184 kg E0h-1. The tractor-powered drum chipper's fuel consumption was 3.1 litres and for the truck-mounted chipper 3.3 litres per chipped 1000 kg (dry mass). The amount of extractives or volatiles did not demonstrate any statistically significant differences between storage time groups. The particle size distributions with both chippers were quite uniform, and the storage time of pulpwood did not have a significant effect on the particle size distribution in any chip size classes. One reason for this might be that the basic density of chipped wood was homogenous and there was no statistical difference between different storage times. The use of new sharp knives is likely to have affected chip quality, as witnessed by the absence of oversized particles and the moderate presence of fines. The use of narrower 80 mm × 80 mm sieves on Scots pine material does not seem to offer any benefit compared to 100 mm × 100 mm from the chip quality point of view..
The strategic value of fossil fuels : challenges and responses : conference proceedings, Houston, Texas, U.S.A., 8-11 May 1995
Market conditions for commercial distribution of biogas as transportation fuel
Bioenergy in Europe : implementation of EU directives and policies relating to bioenergy in Europe and RD&D priorities for the future
Kiinteät kierrätyspolttoaineet = Solid recovered fuels : näytteenottomenetelmät = methods for sampling
Effect of ultra-high injection pressure on diesel ignition and flame under high-boost conditions
Distribution, characteristics and potential of biomass-dense thinning forests in Sweden
Development of a hydrogen engine for a hybrid electric bus
Fuel-saving instructions for merchant ships
Biohydrogen : for future engine fuel demands
The phytotoxic effects and biodegradability of stored rapeseed oil and rapeseed oil methyl ester
Executive summary (s. 9-19).
Comparison of wood based energy related policies in Russia and Finland : case study of the Republic of Karelia and North Karelia
Waste streams for algae cultivation
Oil and fuel dictionary
Microalgae - Energy Production and Wastewater Purification : Three Scenarios for Microalgae Cultivation in the Kujala Waste Management Center
Making cars more fuel efficient : technology for real improvements on the road
Fossil fuels in a changing climate : impacts of the Kyoto protocol and developing country participation
A detailed modeling study for primary reference fuels and fuel mixtures and their use in engineering applications
Reshaping American agriculture to meet its biofuel and biopolymer roles
North-West Russia as a gateway in Russian energy geopolitics
Componen productization for lifecycle efficiency : fuel hoses for W46, W50 and W46F
Deactivation effects of biofuels on SCR catalysts
Modelling of gas and particle mixing in fluidized bed combustion of biomass
Energy : the basics
Automotive fuels reference book
Strategies and policies for air pollution abatement : 1990 major review prepared under the Convention on long-range transboundary air pollution
Automotive fuels and fuel systems : fuels, tanks, delivery, metering, mixing, and combustion and environmental considerations. Volume 1, Gasoline
Socioeconomic and environmental impacts of biofuels : evidence from developing nations
The proceedings of the 1995 fall technical conference of the ASME internal combustion engine division : new technology challenges for the future. Volume 2, Simulations, controls and lubrications, ICE-vol. 25-2
Diesel exhaust particles : effects of after-treatment, fuel and lubricant
Improvement of xylose fermentation of Saccharomyces cerevisiae
Hydrogen and its future as a transportation fuel
Civil aviation carbon dioxide emissions in China
Recycling of biomass ashes / Heribert Insam, Brigitte A. Knapp (editors)
Logging residues (LR), i.e. tops, branches, and needles, are increasingly being harvested for energy production in Fennoscandia. These residues are temporarily piled on site awaiting transport. This study was undertaken to investigate effects on the soil and soil-water chemistry below different amounts of LR at two recently harvested coniferous sites in Sweden. Seven treatments were included and the studied amounts of LR ranged from no LR left on the ground to four times the estimated LR amount of the harvested stands. Two treatments included eight times the estimated LR amount of the harvested stands but here the LR were removed after 7 or 20 weeks. Soil-water samples were collected during the first six or seven growing seasons. Effects of treatment were detected in the soil water for 11 chemical variables at the northern site, and for the NO3- and Cl- concentrations at the southern site. The strongest response was generally found in the treatment with four times the estimated LR amount, for which the highest concentrations were recorded in most cases. In the first three seasons, the water flux through the LR decreased with an increasing amount of residue. Effects on the exchangeable store of Ca2+ in the mor layer and the upper 20 cm of the mineral soil was detected at both sites. At the northern site, the weight of the remaining LR, ground vegetation and all other material above the mor layer in the treatments with two and four times the estimated LR amount was roughly twice the corresponding weights at the southern site seven years after treatment. Although strong effects on the soil-solution chemistry were detected at one of the study sites, in the treatments corresponding to two and four times the estimated logging residue amount, the effect on the leaching from an entire regeneration area is likely to be relatively small given the percentage of the area hosting these logging residue amounts (ca. 20% after stem-only harvesting and 9% after fuel-adapted felling).
State of alternative fuel technologies
The proceedings of the 1995 fall technical conference of the ASME internal combustion engine division : new technology challenges for the future. Volume 4, Combustion and emissions ICE-vol. 25-4
Effects of rotation period on biomass production and atmospheric CO2 emissions from broadleaved stands growing on abandoned farmland
Handbook of diesel engines
From the fryer to the fuel tank : the complete guide to using vegetable oil as an alternative fuel
Application of cellulosic liquefaction fuel (CLF) and fatty acid methyl ester (FAME) blends for diesel engine
The road to commercialization : Tenth International Symposium on Alcohol Fuels, November 7-10, 1993, The Broadmoor Hotel, Colorado Springs, CO
Topics in general emissions
Soving the problem of multifuel handling and feeding
Principles of energy conversion
Studies on heavy duty engine fuel alternatives
Advanced solid fuel characterization for reactivity and physical property comparison
Energiatilastot. 1999.
Hydrogen and syngas production and purification technologies
Human exposure information for EU substance risk assessment of kerosine
Performance of a small and a medium sized professional chippers and the impact of storage time on Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) stem wood chips characteristics
From waste to traffic fuel (W-Fuel)
Biofuels adoption in Nigeria : analysis of sustainability and policy issues
Land acquisitions and foreign direct investment - challenges and opportunities for developing countries : case study of Kisarawe District, Tanzania; focusing small scale farmers
Energy efficiency in transportation : alternatives for the future
Traditional fossil fuels such as diesel and gasoline have been dominating the transport fuel industry for decades. However in a situation where policies and agreements on reducing greenhouse emissions and increasing the use of renewable energy are made, it is likely that sustainable sources of energy will be increasing their market share, eventually completely or partly replacing fossil energy sources. The commissioner of this thesis operates a local biogas plant. The plant processes organic waste to produce biogas which can be refined into a transport fuel. The commissioner is planning on starting commercial distribution of biogas as a transport fuel in the year 2016. The aim of this thesis was to study and analyze the overall market conditions of biogas as transport fuel and provide recommendations on what marketing activities should be implemented by the commissioner. Thesis was made by conducting a secondary research using the available written sources and the access to industry knowledge acquired by of the commissioner. The marketing recommendations were made after conducting multiple strategic analyses, applying theory of B2B marketing, and taking notice of the realities and resources of a relatively small company. As a conclusion of this study, the commissioner was recommended to implement organized personal selling activities with the support of well-designed owned, earned and paid media. Relationship marketing practices should be implemented in order to maximize customer retention. The overall strategy of how and where to sell the product should be precisely decided, and some strategic insight and findings which were made during the research process are also presented in the report.
Household fuel and garbage combustion, street vending activities and adverse pregnancy outcomes:evidence from urban Ghana
The efficient driver's handbook : your guide to fuel efficient driving techniques and car choice
Medium speed engine application of a piezo electric actuated fuel injection valve
Biorefinery : from biomass to chemicals and fuels
Downspeeding light duty diesel passenger car with a combined supercharger and turbocharger boosting system to improve vehicle drive cycle fuel economy
The proceedings of the 1995 fall technical conference of the ASME internal combustion engine division : new technology challenges for the future. Volume 1, New technology and design, ICE-vol. 25-1
The use of lignocellulosic biomass for fermentative butanol production in biorefining processes
Solid wood-based fuels in energy production in Finland
Alternative energy for dummies®
Peat heat for Finland
Hydrogen powered Shelby Cobra: land speed record
Increase in the efficiency of heating furnace fuel consumption on the base of software package application
Effects of UO2 fuel microstructure and density on fuel in-reactor performance
Electrical low pressure impactor : modifications and particle collection characteristics
Dynamic leach testing of low-  and medium-pH injection grouts to be used in deep repositories : cementitious materials in deep geological repositories
Book of Proceedings Bioenergy from Forest 2016.
Direct operating costs of aircraft fuel systems : system architecture, analyzing methods, contribution of components
Performance and exhaust emissions of a tractor engine using mustard seed oil as fuel
Catalytic pretreatment and hydrolysis of fibre sludge into reducing sugars
Future transport power sources : executive summary
Summary (s. 7-8).
Potential of hydrogenated vegetable oil (HVO) in a modern diesel engine
A tractor engine fueled with mustard seed oil : optimization, emissions and practical experiences
Hydrogen and fuel cells : emerging technologies and applications
Mechanical development of the Wärtsilä 46 common rail engine's fuel injection system
Motorcycle fuel systems techbook
Petroleum products - fuels (class F) - specifications of marine fuels = Produit pétroliers - combustibles (classe F) - spécifications des combustibles pour la marine
Joint program on bed agglomeration and fouling in petroleum coke fired fluidized bed combustion : result report of sintering tests
Environmental impact of household biogas plants in India : local and global perspective
How sustainable biofuel business really is? : Today's issues on biofuel production
Hydrogen production by steam reforming of bio-alcohols : the use of conventional and membrane-assisted catalytic reactors
Summary (s. 4).
US Baseline briefing book : projections for agricultural and biofuel markets
Assessing the sustainability of liquid biofuels from evolving technologies : a Finnish approach
The David & Charles Manual of stoves, hearths and chimneys
Advanced reactors with innovative fuels : Second Workshop Proceedings, Chester, United Kingdom, 22-24 October 2001 : hosted by British Nuclear Fuels Limited (BNFL)
Ford hydrogen engine powered P2000 vehicle
Quantitative Characterization of Biogas Quality : A Study of Biogas Quality at Stormossen Oy
Microalgal cultivation and utilization in sustainable energy production
From global land grabbing for biofuels to acquisitions of African water for commercial agriculture
Bunkers : a guide for the ship operator
Energy : present knowledge, future trends
Combustion characteristics of a Dual Fuel diesel engine with natural gas : (study with fatty acid methyl esters used as ignition fuels)
