http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1228 life expectancy
life expectancy
The fifth Scandinavian demographic symposium, 13-16 June 1979 at Hurdalssjøen, Norway
The effects of risk factors on disability : a multistate analysis of the U.S. health and retirement study
Longevity adjustment of pension benefits
Global trends in life expectancy : a club approach
Trends in life expectancy by level of education and occupational social class in Finland 1981-2000
Revised life tables for Finland 1881-1990
The status syndrome : how social standing affects our health and longevity
Modeling mortality rates : improvements, uncertainties and effects on life annuities
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 46
Trends in mortality and differential mortality
Finnish yearbook of population research. 42, 2006
Regional model life tables and stable populations
Population data on Finland 1900-2010
Immunological boosting and personalization of oncolytic virotherapies for cancer treatment
The sense of coherence and health : the effects of the sense of coherence on risk of coronary heart disease, cancer, injuries and all-cause mortality
Life expectancy by labor force status and social class : recent period and cohort trends and projections for Finland
Mortality patterns in national populations : with special reference to recorded causes of death
The 100-year life
The Penguin state of the world atlas
Socioeconomic differences in suicide mortality by sex in Finland in 1971-2000 : a register-biased study of trends, levels, and life expectancy differences
Income and mortality - the dynamics of disparity : a study on the association between income and mortality in Finland
Humans have become much taller and heavier, and experience healthier and longer lives than ever before in human history. However it is only recently that historians, economists, human biologists and demographers have linked the changing size, shape and capability of the human body to economic and demographic change. This book presents an introduction to the field of anthropometric history, surveying the causes and consequences of changes in health and mortality, diet and the disease environment in Europe and the United States since 1700. It examines how we define and measure health and nutrition as well as key issues such as whether increased longevity contributes to greater productivity or, instead, imposes burdens on society through the higher costs of healthcare and pensions. The result is a book that is a contribution to economic and social history with important implications for today's developing world and the health trends of the future.
Finnish yearbook of population research. 44, 2009
Diet, life expectancy, and chronic disease : studies of Seventh-Day Adventists and other vegetarians
Geography and longevity : a demographic study on Sardinian centenarians
Predictors of mortality in old age : contribution of self-rated health, physical functions, life satisfaction and social support on survival among older people
Population processes and policies
Molecular mechanisms and models of aging
Multiple sclerosis in Northern Finland : epidemiological characteristics and comorbidities
Medicine has triumphed in modern times, transforming birth, injury, and infectious disease from harrowing to manageable. But in the inevitable condition of aging and death, the goals of medicine seem too frequently to run counter to the interest of the human spirit. Nursing homes, preoccupied with safety, pin patients into railed beds and wheelchairs. Hospitals isolate the dying, checking for vital signs long after the goals of cure have become moot. Doctors, committed to extending life, continue to carry out devastating procedures that in the end extend suffering. Gawande, a practicing surgeon, addresses his profession's ultimate limitation, arguing that quality of life is the desired goal for patients and families. Gawande offers examples of freer, more socially fulfilling models for assisting the infirm and dependent elderly, and he explores the varieties of hospice care to demonstrate that a person's last weeks or months may be rich and dignified.
Deaths
Multiple sclerosis (MS) is the most frequent chronic inflammatory demyelinating disease of the central nervous system leading to neurological disability in young adults. Finland belongs to the high-risk areas of MS with continuously increasing of prevalence rates. In comparison to the general population, patients with MS have an increased risk of premature mortality. The extent of comorbidity rates and their role in the outcomes of MS have not been fully investigated. The aim of this thesis was to evaluate the epidemiology and survival of MS in Northern Ostrobothnia. The neurological comorbidity and frequency of fractures in patients with MS were also investigated. All MS patients diagnosed in Oulu University Hospital during 1990–2010 were included in this study. The prevalence of MS was 103/105; the mean overall incidence was 6.3/105. Women had a 2.3-fold higher MS incidence than men. The overall incidence figures were clearly affected by a pronounced increase among females. Neurological comorbidities were common in MS patients with 17.1 % of patients suffering from some other neurological diseases in addition with MS. The most common diseases were migraine (10.4 %) and epilepsy (4.7 %). The prevalence of stroke was similar in MS patients compared to the general population, but the 21-year survival rate was significantly lower in MS patients who had suffered a stroke compared with those MS patients without stroke. MS patients experienced a high risk for fragility fractures especially vertebral fractures. The possibility of osteoporosis had been examined only 26 % patients with fragility fractures and osteoporosis was detected in the majority. The prevalence of MS in our cohort was similar to the Finnish average, but in the Seinäjoki area, the prevalence was double the national average. Although the increasing incidence of female MS has been confirmed also in other studies, the reasons for this phenomenon are unknown. The increased risk for fragility fractures may be associated with low D vitamin levels or pathogenesis of MS. These findings emphasize the role of comorbid diseases in disability and survival of MS patients and attention should be paid to these conditions also in clinical practice.
Income and mortality - the dynamics of disparity : a study on the changing association between income and mortality in Finland
Descriptive findings on the convergence of female and male mortality in Europe
Being mortal : medicine and what matters in the end
Health, longevity and life conditions in Okinawa
Longevity clubs
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 44 : special Issue of the 16th Nordic Demographic Symposium in Helsinki, 5-7 June, 2008
Measuring health-related quality of life (HRQoL) and quality-adjusted life years (QALY) in the critical care setting
The changing body : health, nutrition, and human development in the western world since 1700
Understanding and modulating aging
Linking retirement age to life expectancy : what happens to working lives and income distribution
