http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12261 notice of termination
notice of termination
The impact of corporate layoff announcements on shareholder wealth : Finnish evidence from years 2005-2008
Flexibility in the labour market : the current debate : a technical report
Managing human resources
Access to the court
The forced redundancy film club
Maintaining employee morale during plant closure
Exit from Finnish industry - does education matter?
Essays on labour demand and wage formation
Individual consequences of plant closures
Organizational downsizing and the Finnish manager from an ethical perspective
Codetermination rights of employees in the Finnish company law : a survey of the participation rights of employees in the management of an employer on the basis of the Companies Act, the Employee Representation Act and the Cooperation Act
Stock price reaction to layoff announcements in Finland : inter-industry differences
The objective of the thesis was to explore comprehensively how downsizing is implemented in the case companies and to examine the reflections on the downsizing process of the managers that have been involved in downsizing activities in their companies. The purpose was to find out what measures, if included in the downsizing implementation process could lead to a successful downsizing process and consequently come up with recommendations that could be used as a guideline in the planning and implementation of downsizing. The theoretical framework was based on literature about downsizing and organisational re-structuring, mostly the theories introduced by Kim Cameron and Sarah Freeman, Joel Brockner, Aneil Mishra and Karen Mishra, Steven Appelbaum and Magda Donia, and Gretchen Spreitzer. In addition, the views of various other authors were studied to create a solid base for conducting the empirical research. The focus was on the downsizing process and its implications as these are the core issues in the research questions. The empirical part of the study was conducted in the form of semi-structured thematic interviews with three managers from three different companies. The questions guiding the inter-views were based on the theoretical framework. The analytical approach used to analyse the findings was qualitative. The empirical findings were analysed together with the frame of reference. The results of the study revealed that the companies̕ approach to downsizing was determined by the company̕ s objectives, and how the downsizing is implemented is mainly the role of the downsizing managers. In their role, managers could take into use certain tactics known as the ̕ managerial downsizing tactics̕ during the downsizing process to ensure a successful downsizing implementation process. The results also revealed that how downsizing is implemented is governed strictly by the law in Finland. Finally it was revealed that the downsizing process is a difficult undertaking for the managers, and they have taken it as part of their managerial obligations. In conclusion, certain measures if taken into use when managers are implementing downsizing in their companies could prevent adverse implications that are normally associated with downsizing and guarantee a successful downsizing process. Though the adverse consequences that accompany downsizing may never be completely eliminated, the managers could take more time to plan for the downsizing implementation process as the successful downsizing is dependent on it.
Employment relations : a critical and international approach
Abstract (1 s.).
Book reviews & review articles
Protection against unjustified dismissal (Article 30)
The big one
Provisions and procedures governing collective redundancies in Europe : with special emphasis on cross-border mergers
Labour law in Finland
An empirical investigation of a dynamic model of labor turnover in U.S. manufacturing industries
Protection from unwarranted termination and termination practices in the Federal Republic of Germany
Organizational downsizing process
The Bridge Program : participant perspectives
The character of paid labour has changed
Wage and earnings losses of displaced workers in Finland
Labour law in English
Neighbor for sale
Layoff announcements and stock price reactions in Finland : value versus growth
A distributional analysis of displacement costs in an economic depression and recovery
Downsizing in America : reality, causes, and consequences
Bait and switch : the (futile) pursuit of the corporate dream
Redundancy and security-of-employment
Plant closings : power, politics, and workers
Heroic defeats : the politics of job loss
Plant closings : international context and social costs
Internet, mail, and mixed-mode surveys : the tailored design method
Layoff announcements and stock returns : empirical evidence with finnish data from 2003 to 2006
The law of unfair dismissal
Law and economics and the labour market
Collective redundancies in the State of California of the United States and the Republic of Finland : Procedures and provisions
Dismissing an employee : expert solutions to everyday challenges
Men from the boys
The disposable American : layoffs and their consequences
Downsize this!
Individual consequenses of plant closures
The hippopotamus
Finnish labour law in practice
Let's make a deal : the impact of social security provisions and firm liabilities on early retirement
The company men
Summary: Being ill on the labor market.
Termination of employment on the initiative of the employer and income security of the worker concerned
Up in the air
EEC employment cases from Common Market Law Reports. Vol. 2, Sex discrimination and redundancy
The outsourcing dilemma : the search for competitiveness
The scarecrow
Caso Baena Ricardo y otros : sentencia de 2 de febrero de 2001 = Baena Ricardo et al. case : judgment of February 2, 2001
Protection against termination of relation of employment : Scandinavian features
[The role of the neutrals in the resolution of shop floor disputes] : Finland
Introducing human resource management
Reflexive labour law : studies in industrial relations and employment regulation
Wage and Earnings Losses of Displaced Workers in Finland
The disposable work force : worker displacement and employment instability in America
Harvard business review on managing your career
Redundancy, layoffs and plant closures : their character, causes and consequences
Who says the left wing doesn't have a sense of humor? Maybe it doesn't, but documentarian Michael Moore sure does--Exhibit A was Roger & Me; B was the ill-fated TV Nation; & C is 1997's print skirmish Downsize This! Moore's politics are rabidly liberal, populist & anti-big business--about what you'd expect from the former editor of Mother Jones. While this restricts his audience to Americans on the left side of the aisle, for them Downsize This! will be a chance to point & laugh hysterically (if ruefully) at the clique of rich white guys who run everything. Moore is at his best as a prankster, whether it's trying to see if Pat Buchanan will take a campaign donation from the John Wayne Gacy Fan Club (yes) or whether he can have Bob Dornan committed to an insane asylum based on his bizarre behavior (no, but it was close). Moore is one of our sharpest satirists, & Downsize This! makes one wish he would write a "Sorry State of the Union" every year. But only if it doesn't cut into his moviemaking--that's too big a price to pay.--Michael Gerber
The small business bible: everything you need to know to succeed in your small business
Repercussions of redundancy
Losing work, moving on : international perspectives on worker displacement
Harvard business review on managing your career in tough times
Termination of employment relationships : legal situation in the member states of the European Union
People resourcing : HRM in practice
Problematic departures : CEO exits in large Swedish publicly traded corporations
Finnish labour law in 60 minutes
Employee dismissal : justice at work
