http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12270 escape
escape
The road to ever after
A security van sets off for Durham prison, a disgraced Special Branch officer in the back. It never arrives. On route it is hijacked by armed men, the prisoner sprung. Suspended from duty on suspicion of aiding and abetting the audacious escape of his former boss, Detective Sergeant Matthew Ryan is locked out of the investigation. With a manhunt underway, Ryan is warned to stay away. Keen to preserve his career and prove his innocence, he backs off. But when the official investigation falls apart, under surveillance and with his life in danger, he goes dark, enlisting others in his quest to discover the truth. When the trail leads to the suspicious death of a Norwegian national, Ryan uncovers an international conspiracy that has claimed the lives of many.
The truth sayer
Generic features of runaway slave advertisements from eighteenth-century America
The final girls
A secret place
The wedding day
Not Alone is an asymmetrical card game, in whitch one player (the creature) plays against the rest (the hunted). If you play as one of the Hunted, you will explore Artemia using Place cards. By playing these and Survival cards, you will try to avoid, confuse or distract the creature until help arrives. If you play as the Creature, you will stalk and pursue the shipwrecked survivors. By playing your hunt cards and using the mysterious powers of Artemia, you will try to wear down the Hunted and assimilate them to the planet forever.
River of the dead
Davy David, an orphan, lives by his wits in the dead-end town of Brownvale. When a stray dog called George turns Davy's life upside down just days before Christmas, he sets in motion a chain of events which forces them to flee. A mischievous wind blows the two of them to a boarded-up museum on the outskirts of town where they meet the elderly recluse, Miss Flint. She has planned one last adventure before her time is up and hires the reluctant Davy and George to escort her. A magical adventure about an unlikely friendship and an unforgettable journey. Ages 9+
Conspiracy of blood and smoke
The hiding place
Nanoparticle emissions from combustion engines
The skylighter
Beyond the veil of tears
Classification of SOx Scrubber for Ships
Fine particles in urban air : exposure and cardiovascular health effects
The adventures of a bed salesman : [a novel]
All for nothing
Harry Potter and the prisoner of Azkaban
Evening's empires
Utilizing similarity information in industrial applications
Networked : Carabella on the run
Flying out of this world
Fatwa : living with a death threat
UnDivided
Glory over everything : beyond the Kitchen house
Generic features of eighteenth century American runaway slave advertisements
The plague dogs
Resident evil : revelations 2: PS3
The old curiosity shop
Laying hands upon the injured and dying, Avry of Kazan absorbs their wounds and diseases into herself. But rather than being honored for her skills, she is hunted. Healers like Avry are accused of spreading the plague that has decimated the Fifteen Realms, leaving the survivors in a state of chaos
The wife who run away
The sacrifice
The motel life : a novel
Simultaneous measurements of gaseous emissions, particulates and noise from individual vehicles in traffic
Watership Down
City of savages
Stars between the sun and moon : one woman's life in North Korea and escape to freedom
Ten steps to happiness : (in a safe and healthy world)
The Ambler warning
The escapists : the walking dead edition : PlayStation 4
The Book of Phoenix
Reaction kinetics and reactor modelling in the design of catalytic reactors for automotive exhaust gas abatement
Taimur : the only survivor of women and children Anfal mass graves
Flynn, leader of the rebellion on Avon, captures Jubilee "Lee" Chase, captain of the forces sent to crush the terraformed planet's rebellious colonists, but later saves her and the two, caught between sides in a senseless war, flee together.
The hunted
Baby Doll
Hollow City : the second novel of Miss Peregrine's peculiar children
The lovers : love and vengeance in Afganistan : a true story
Dear Leader
The Count of Monte Cristo
The illegal : a novel
The widow's confession
Environmental Effects of Gas Conversion : Engines of Power Plants
The chemist : a novel
Blue heaven
Joanna and Rafi are on the run, trying to protect the kingdom of Santarem from rogue Keepers.
My name is Mahtob
The Nowhere box
When Hitler stole pink rabbit
UnSouled
West of the moon
Escape everything!
Adventures of Huckleberry Finn
The drowning game : a novel
Further Development of a Centrifugal Solids Separator Prototype
Call me home : a novel
Shattered : a novel
The eye of the falcon
Inside Alcatraz : my time on the rock
The fear
The end
Out of this world
The kiss of deception
The barefoot lawyer : the remarkable memoir of China's bravest political activist
The fallen
Tiger house
The Awakening
The burning shadow
The geography of fear : a latitudinal gradient in anti-predator escape distances of birds across Europe
Angel of death : The woman in black : the sequel
The underground railroad : a novel
Drive hard
The bride's farewell
When a man who sometimes sees things before they happen has a terrifying premonition about the drowning death of his daughter, he sacrifices everything to prevent the tragedy.
About Grace
Brave new world
The balloonist
Audrey (cow) : an oral account of a most daring escape, based more or less on a true story
A-team. season one
Poisoning of automotive exhaust gas catalyst components : the role of phosphorus in the poisoning phenomena
The secret countess
Into the still blue. Book 3, Under the Never Sky
He who fears the wolf
A hope more powerful than the sea : the journey of Doaa al Zamel
The house at Sugar Beach : in search of a lost African childhood
How machines work
The girl with seven names : a North Korean defector's story
The Haters
Peter Maguire has been kidnapped in Somalia's capital, Mogadishu. He does not know where he is or what is going to happen to him. The journalist is filled with fear and, as the days go by, this dread of the unknown is shot through with remorse for the mistakes of his past. Peter's mother Nina comes to Somalia to wait for her son's release. His plight forces her to relive another trauma - the fatal shooting in Liberia of Shaun Ridge, a young photographer she once loved, and Peter's real father. Abdi, a Somali teenager working with Peter's captors strikes a tenuous friendship with the prisoner based on a shared feeling of captivity. He decides to help Peter escape. Together they set off into the barren vastness of a land filled with danger. Three people must journey into one of the world's most dangerous places, the human mind, to answer the question: are we ever truly free?
UnWholly
This shattered world : a Starbound novel
Highland Conqueror
A road trip adventure about a trio of jazz-camp escapees who, against every realistic expectation, become a band. For Wes and Corey, jazz camp turns out to be lame. It's pretty much all dudes talking in Jazz Voice. But then they jam with Ash, a charismatic girl with an unusual sound, and the three just click. Ash makes a decision: they need to hit the road. Because the road, not summer camp, is where bands get good. Before Wes and Corey know it theyre in Ashs SUV heading south, and The Haters Summer of Hate Tour has begun.
Life or death
Zombies : a record of the year of infection
The winner
Gods and warriors
Not Alone
Insomnia 3. The company
Countrymen
The road to Rangoon
The memory stones
Handbook of diesel engines
The silent room
Half wild
Hybrid scrubber test plan
Escape from Tokyo : a selection of answers to the question "Where would you escape to (from Tokyo)?"
Children of the black sun. Book one, Winter be my shield
The fugitive
The passenger
Insomnia 2. The lock
The author of the New York Times bestseller and beloved book club favorite The Kitchen House continues the story of Jamie Pyke, son of both a slave and master of Tall Oakes, whose deadly secret compels him to take a treacherous journey through the Underground Railroad.  Published in 2010, The Kitchen House became a grassroots bestseller. Fans connected so deeply to the book's characters that the author, Kathleen Grissom, found herself being asked over and over "what happens next?" The wait is finally over.  This new, stand-alone novel opens in 1830, and Jamie, who fled from the Virginian plantation he once called home, is passing in Philadelphia society as a wealthy white silversmith. After many years of striving, Jamie has achieved acclaim and security, only to discover that his aristocratic lover Caroline is pregnant. Before he can reveal his real identity to her, he learns that his beloved servant Pan has been captured and sold into slavery in the South. Pan's father, to whom Jamie owes a great debt, pleads for Jamie's help, and Jamie agrees, knowing the journey will take him perilously close to Tall Oakes and the ruthless slave hunter who is still searching for him. Meanwhile, Caroline's father learns and exposes Jamie's secret, and Jamie loses his home, his business, and finally Caroline.  Heartbroken and with nothing to lose, Jamie embarks on a trip to a North Carolina plantation where Pan is being held with a former Tall Oakes slave named Sukey, who is intent on getting Pan to the Underground Railroad. Soon the three of them are running through the Great Dismal Swamp, the notoriously deadly hiding place for escaped slaves. Though they have help from those in the Underground Railroad, not all of them will make it out alive - Provided by publisher.
A mother's shame
Effect of the exhaust gas side fouling on the performance of a plate and shell type heat exchanger
Jail break!
The return of Zita the spacegirl
A girl called Fearless
Three shadows
One summer in Venice
Fractured
The enemy
Ruthless game
The escapists : Xbox One : the walking dead edition
The heart of Betrayal
Jack Reacher : never go back
Touch of power
Stay alive
The great escape
The escapists : the walking dead edition : Xbox One
The kills
The escapists : the walking dead edition : PS4
Rebel of the sands
A Cornish affair
Maya's notebook : a novel
Fish consumption : human health effects and decision making
Particle filter retrofit for all Diesel engines
Into the darkest corner
Birds of prey
The dark road
