http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12248 nonpoint source pollution
nonpoint source pollution diffuse pollution scattered load
Science, networking and environmental education : in Clean Rivers to Healthy Baltic Sea -project
Aquatic pollution : an introductory text
Abstract.
Losses of phosphorus and nitrogen to lake Ringsjön
Lake Pyhäjärvi, in Karelia, is an oligotrophic transboundary lake between Finland and Russia. It is a valuable clear water lake for fishing, recreation, research and nature protection. It belongs to several local and national monitoring programmes. The lake is loaded mainly by non-point sources such as forestry and agriculture. The anthropogenic impact is evident on the Finnish side, whereas the Russian side is considered almost pristine. The lake is very vulnerable to changes. Deterioration of water quality was noticed in the 1980's. The water conservation done in 1990's improved the water quality. Water protection is still needed at the lake, but it requires cooperation between authorities, local people, doers and industries. This report introduces the lake and its catchment, summarises the land use, loading sources and quantity of the load and presents the present state of the lake. In the end are introduced the water protection measures of different fields usable at Lake Pyhäjärvi.
Anthropogenic changes in Finnish lakes during the past 150 years inferred from benthic invertebrates and their sedimentary remains
Nutrient trading : theory and practice
A comparison of methods for nutrient source apportionment in Nordic rivers
Nitrogen cycling in the North Atlantic Ocean and its watersheds
Sedimentation in small constructed wetlands : retention of particles, phosphorus and nitrogen in streams from arable watersheds = Sedimentasjon i fangdammer : tilbakholding av partikler, fosfor og nitrogen i landbrukspåvirkede bekker
Constructed and Riverine Wetlands for Optimal Control of Wastewater at Catchment Scale : conference proceedings
The effect of gypsum on phosphorus losses at the catchment scale
Appropriate management of on-site sanitation
Assessment and control of nonpoint source pollution of aquatic ecosystems : a practical approach
Management of the runoff waters from arable land : final report of the EU/LIFE Project (LIFE 97 ENV/FIN/335)
Assessment and mitigation of agricultural water pollution
Chemical treatment is considered best available technology for purification of peat extraction runoff in Finland, due to its capability to remove dissolved organic carbon (DOC), suspended solids and nutrients. However, lack of optimisation and adaptation of this method for purification of diffuse pollution sources, e.g., peat extraction runoff, has led to significant fluctuations in purification efficiency. This thesis evaluated the suitability of commercially available coagulants for the treatment of typically humic water. Inorganic (ferric sulphate, aluminium sulphate and a mixed product) and organic (polyDADMAC, polyamine, chitosan and tannin products) coagulants were studied. Investigations included assessment of required dosage and the influence of process parameters (pollutant concentration, mixing, water pH and temperature) on coagulant performance. In addition, the process conditions in existing treatment systems were examined in field experiments aimed at identifying possible factors affecting purification.Ferric sulphate (FS) was the most effective of the coagulants tested. It produced excellent flocs and achieved higher removal efficiency, particularly for DOC, than the other coagulants. However, the dosage required for FS was significantly higher than for e.g., polyDADMAC and chitosan. Moreover, samples treated with FS displayed high iron concentration and acidic pH. The organic polymers achieved satisfactory results, but further research is needed before they can become viable alternatives to metal salts.The quality of peat extraction runoff water was found to vary significantly. It was also observed that variations in DOC concentration, even for particulate rich samples, controlled coagulant dosage and, consequently, treatment efficiency. For inorganic coagulants, mixing provided during flocculation had a more significant influence on purification than mixing provided during coagulation. This is relevant hence in now existing treatment facilities no mixing is employed during flocculation. Based on the research conducted, suggestions were formulated for process optimisation aimed at reducing variations in purification efficiency, thus increasing the reliability of the method and reducing related environmental impacts.
Hydrological and hydraulic design of peatland drainage and water treatment systems for optimal control of diffuse pollution
The plan of water and water ecosystem protection for Lake Karelian Pyhäjärvi
Controlling nonpoint source pollution of nitrogen from agriculture through economic instruments in Finland
The state of Finnish coastal waters in the 1990s
Lake Lappajärvi : better watercourses with co-operation!
Environmental controls of terrestrial N2O sources
Evaluation of the implementation of the 1988 Ministerial Declaration regarding nutrient load reductions in the Baltic Sea catchment area
Evaluation and optimisation of chemical treatment for non-point source pollution control : purification of peat extraction runoff water
Models for analyzing agricultural nonpoint-source pollution
