http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12278 siege
siege
Sieges of the English Civil Wars
The Great Northern War and Estonia : the trials of Dorpat 1700-1708
Clash of empires : the great siege
Leningrad 1941 : the blockade
Dictionary of battles and sieges : a guide to 8,500 battles from antiquity through the twenty-first century
Let it be morning
Remembering the Renaissance : humanist narratives of the sack of Rome
Leningrad, 1941-44 : the epic siege
Preserving Petersburg : history, memory, nostalgia
Philo Mechanicus : on sieges, translated with introduction and commentary
The wizard hunters
Leningrad : tragedy of a city under siege, 1941-44
Finland and the siege of Leningrad 1941-1944
Leningrad : state of siege
Thunder of the gods
The history of the siege of Ancona
Sieges were the predominant form of warfare across the medieval world and siege methods and technology developed alongside improvements in defence. This book goes back to the original sources to present a comprehensive view of the whole subject, tracing links across continents and analysing the relationship with changes in the design of town and castle defences, and linking contemporary historical accounts with archaeological studies. It considers the most important questions raised by siege warfare: Who designed, built and operated siege equipment? How did medieval commanders gain their knowledge? What were the roles of theoretical texts and the developing science of siege warfare? How did nomadic peoples acquire siege skills? Were castles and town walls built purely of a military purpose, or did they play a symbolic role also? The first volume begins in 450 AD with the replacement of the western Roman empire by barbarian successor states, but also examines the development of the Byzantine Empire, the Muslim Caliphate and its successors, and the links with China, through to the early thirteenth century. The second continues with the Mongol conquests in Asia and Europe and the thirteenth-century apogee of pre-gunpowder siege warfare, before examining the slow impact of guns and the cumulatively massive changes in attack and defence of the fifteenth century.
A history of the early medieval siege, c. 450-1220
The last valley : Dien Bien Phu and the French defeat in Vietnam
The religion
Denmark during the German occupation
The diary of Lena Mukhina : a girl's life in the siege of Leningrad
Destroy Carthago
Red state
The siege of Jerusalem
Towards the end of the second century BCE Philo of Byzantium, a.k.a. Philo Mechanicus, wrote what is held to be the first Engineering Compendium, in eight or nine parts. Three concern warfare, viewed theoretically: a technical treatise on catapult-design (Belopoiika), and two associated ones which survive only in (lengthy) epitome. United here under the title On Sieges, Paraskeuastika and Poliorketika address broader aspects of siege-warfare. First and primarily, withstanding a siege is the objective: cities must design and build towers, walls and gates in the most suitable way, stockpile and manage food and other strategic commodities, and resist a direct assault by men and machines. Then more briefly the perspective is reversed, with those who wish to conduct such an attack shown how to do so successfully.This is the work's first-ever complete translation into English, preceded by an Introduction on the writer and his work. The Commentary - the first since Garlan's in 1972 - aims to elucidate the multifarious matters arising: issues of text, translation, vocabulary, idiom; themes in the poliorcetic genre; archaeological and other substantive contexts.
Siege : castles at war
Besieged : siege warfare in the ancient world
Leningrad : siege and symphony
Notes from the blockade, and ; A story of pity and cruelty
Ninefox gambit
Roman siege warfare had its own structure and customs, and expectations both by the besieged and by the attacking army. Sieges are typically sorted by the techniques and technologies that attackers used, but the more fruitful approach offered in Roman Siege Warfare examines the way a siege follows or diverges from typical narrative and operational plotlines. Author Josh Levithan emphasizes the human elements--morale and motivation--rather than the engineering, and he recaptures the sense of a siege as an event in progress that offers numerous attitudes, methods, and outcomes. Sieges involved a concentration of violent effort in space and the practical challenge posed by a high wall: unlike field battles they were sharply defined in time, in space, and in operational terms. Chapters examine motivation and behavior during a siege and focus on examples from both the Roman Republic and the Empire: Polybius, Livy, Julius Caesar, Flavius Josephus, and Ammianus Marcellinus. Levithan examines the "gadgetary turn," during which writers began to lavish attention on artillery and wall-damaging techniques, fetishizing technology and obscuring the centrality of the assault and of human behavior. This volume speaks to classicists and historians of all stripes. All passages are translated, and references are accessible to nonspecialists. Military historians will also find much of interest in the volume, in its treatment both of Roman military conduct and of wider military practice.
The siege of Venice
Battlefield. Leningradin piiritys : The siege of Leningrad
Writing the siege of Leningrad : women's diaries, memoirs, and documentary prose
The life of an unknown man
City of thieves
The ethics of representation in literature, art and journalism : transnational responses to the Siege of Beirut
The great military sieges
1565 : the Great Siege of Malta exhibition : Grand Master's Palace, Valletta 4 September - 6 December 2015
Leningrad : Tragedy of a city under siege, 1941-44
The siege of Budapest : one hundred days in World War II
Captain Kel Cheris of the hexarchate is disgraced for using unconventional methods in a battle against heretics. Kel Command gives her the opportunity to redeem herself by retaking the Fortress of Scattered Needles, a star fortress that has recently been captured by heretics. Cheris's career isn't the only thing at stake. If the fortress falls, the hexarchate itself might be next. Cheris's best hope is to ally with the undead tactician Shuos Jedao. The good news is that Jedao has never lost a battle, and he may be the only one who can figure out how to successfully besiege the fortress. The bad news is that Jedao went mad in his first life and massacred two armies, one of them his own. As the siege wears on, Cheris must decide how far she can trust Jedao--because she might be his next victim.
Leningrad : the epic siege of World War II, 1941-1944
The legacy of the Siege of Leningrad, 1941-1995 : myth, memories, and monuments
The city besieged : siege and its manifestations in the ancient Near East
The siege of Leningrad, 1941-1944 : 900 days of terror
Greek and roman siege machinery 399 BC-AD 363
Women's writing about the siege of Leningrad
Siege warfare and military organization in the successor states (400-800 AD) : Byzantium, the West and Islam
Constantinople : the last great siege, 1453
Perdition : the crusader's last stand
The 900-day siege of Leningrad (1941-44) was one of the turning points of the Second World War. It slowed down the German advance into Russia and became a national symbol of survival and resistance. An estimated one million civilians died, most of them from cold and starvation. Lydia Ginzburg, a respected literary scholar (who meanwhile wrote prose 'for the desk drawer' through seven decades of Soviet rule), survived. Using her own using notes and sketches she wrote during the siege, along with conversations and impressions collected over the years, she distilled the collective experience of life under siege.
A history of the late medieval siege, 1200-1500
The enemy at the gate : Habsburgs, Ottomans and the Battle for Europe
The 900 days : the siege of Leningrad
Life and death in besieged Leningrad, 1941-44
Battle for Sevastopol = Bitva za Sevastopol
The fall of Constantinople 1453
City invincible
The conductor
Ninefox Gambit
