http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12257 contemporary music
contemporary music
American dance : the complete illustrated history
The Romantic approach : A Special collection of 20th century American music
American pioneers : Ives to Cage and beyond
Joko : from village to town
New directions in music
Contemporary folklore and culture change
Finnish piano music since 1945
The aesthetics of survival : A composer's view of twentieth-century music
Into the dominion of vibrations : listening to infrasound
Embodied composition : treatment and meaning of physical object in experimental music and sound art
Materials and techniques of twentieth-century music
Thank you for the music
The techniques of violin playing = Die Spieltechnik der Violine
Contributions to the study of contemporary folklore in Croatia = (Prilozi proučavanju suvremenog folklora u Hrvatskoj)
Perspectives of new music. Summer 1991, volume 29, no 2.
East is red : semi-generative audiovisual composition, composed instrument, part of the Audio Visual Live Composition System
The dance experience : insights into history, culture, and creativity
New directions for clarinet
Brain music : musical output by thought
Audio culture : readings in modern music
Thematics : new approaches
Perspectives of new music. Summer 1990, volume 28, no 1.
Perspectives of new music. Winter 1989 volume 27, no 1.
Contemporary music : theoretical and philosophical perspectives
The pleasure of modernist music : listening, meaning, intention, ideology
Water from the well
Extended techniques for the horn : a practical handbook for students, performers and composers
Musical paintings
Le best of Cirque du Soleil
The twentieth-century performance reader
Kaija Saariaho is internationally recognized as a leading figure in contemporary music, enjoying a well-deserved reputation for works that are both creatively original and of considerable appeal. Her music communicates with a refreshingly broad audience, and this special achievement deserves careful consideration. In the first symposium book in English to be dedicated exclusively to this single figure, scholars from both the UK and Saariaho's native Finland bring a range of perspectives to her richly varied output. Uncovering the compositional, historical, cultural and sociological issues that have resulted in such critical acclaim lies at the heart of this collection of essays.
"A lavishly illustrated history of American dance; covers more than four centuries, from Native American ceremonial dances to the early 21st century; written by journalist and dancer Margaret Fuhrer"--
Chamber orchestra and ensemble repertoire : a catalog of modern music
Perspectives of new music. Winter 1988, volume 26, no 1.
Anthology of twentieth-century music : edited with analytical comments by Robert P. Morgan
African music : new challenges, new vocations
Saariaho's approach to composition is an interdisciplinary one; it embraces a number of art forms - visual, literary and musical - in works that explore a creative dialogue between image, continuity and time. While such diversity is readily accommodated in a multi-authored collection, the consistency of an underlying compositional identity and integrity is also an important trait. The grouping of these essays into three strands - 'visions', 'narratives' and 'dialogues' - reflects the wide range of Saariaho's creative preoccupations while subscribing to a carefully structured succession of commentaries.
Sounding the event : escapades in dialogue and matters of art, nature and time
Perspectives of new music. Winter 1991, volume 29, no 1.
Celtic collection : the ultimate mystical experience
Shamanism in performing arts
The best rock songs ever
Conversations on art and performance
Don't touch me, you don't know where I've been : a performance, installation and publication
Perspectives of new music. Summer 1989, volume 25, no 2.
The new flute : workbook & DVD : flute-beatboxing, sing & play, bisbigliando, whistles, glissando & ,more
Keeping up the tradition : young people and traditional music in Dublin
The contemporary violin : extended performance techniques
Folk 'n' hell : fiery new music from Scotland
Modernism and the spirituality of the Orthodox Church may seem to be polar opposites, the one innovating and fragmenting, the other rooted in an unchanging tradition. As this groundbreaking book shows, however, the reality is more complex. Composers from traditionally Orthodox societies such as Greece, Bulgaria, Russia and Serbia have found fruitful artistic meeting points between these two poles, rooting the one and refreshing the other, even in the darkest times of political oppression. In addtion, much of the work of such composers as Arvo Pärt, Einojuhani Rautavaara and John Tavener has arisen precisely from this meeting point. It is this paradox that is investigated here.
Nordic folklore : recent studies
Art of the digital age
Oboe unbound : contemporary techniques
The Continuum companion to aesthetics
Perspectives of new music. Summer 1988, volume 26, no 2.
Perspectives of new music. Winter 1990, volume 28, no 1.
Encounters with British composers
Exploring twentieth -century vocal music : a practical guide to innovations in performance and repertoire
Analytical methods of electroacoustic music
The bass clarinet : a personal history
Christian Marclay
Exploring the clarinet : a guide to clarinet technique and Finnish clarinet music
Iceland crucible : a modern artistic Renaissance
American composers on American music : a symposium
Modernism and orthodox spirituality in contemporary music
The harp in contemporary music
The techniques of singing = Die Techniken des Gesangs
Die Hörende Hand : Klavierübungen zur Zeitgenössischen Musik = The listening Hand : piano exercises for contemporary music = La main qui écoute :  exercices pour piano de musique contemporaine. Band II = Volume II, Lautstärken, Pedal, Anschläge, Artikulationen, Von der Taste zur Saite = Dynamics, pedal, attacks and touche, articulations, from the key to the string = Les nuances d'intensité, la pédale, la frappe des touches, les articulations, de la touche du clavier à la corde
The New York schools of music and visual arts : John Cage, Morton Feldman, Edgard Var ese, Willem De Kooning, Jasper Johns, Robert Rauschenberg
From ancient to avant-garde to global : creative processes and institutionalization in Finnish contemporary folk music
Artgenda 2000 : alive in the city : not the history of monuments, but moments
Conductors' edition : Finnish works for chamber orchestra
This book features interviews with leading and upcoming British composers who use the same raw materials but produce classical music that takes very different forms. Uniquely, Andrew Palmer approaches the sometimes baffling world of contemporary music from the point of view of the inquisitive, music-loving amateur rather than the professional critic or musicologist. Readers can eavesdrop on conversations in which composers are asked a number of questions about their professional lives and practices, with the emphasis on the aesthetic sensibilities and psychological processes behind composing rather than technique. Throughout, the book seeks to explore why composers write the kind of music they write, and what they want their music to do. Along the way, readers are confronted with an unspoken but equally important question: if some composers are writing music that the public doesn't want to engage with, who's to blame for that? Are composers out of touch with their public, or are we too lazy to give their music the attention it deserves?
The rest is noise : listening to the twentieth century
Contemporary composers on contemporary music
The snake
Each little thing
Die Hörende Hand : Klavierübungen zur Zeitgenössischen Musik = The listening hand : piano exercises for contemporary music = La main qui écoute :  exercices pour piano de musique contemporaine. Band 1 = Volume II, Skalen, Intervalle, Tonkomplexe = Scales, intervals, sound complexes = Gammes, intervalles, complexes de sons
Ives : a survey of the music
The Snake
Paul McCartney really is dead : the last testament of George Harrison?
Musical modernism at the turn of the twenty-first century
Ethnomusicology and modern music history
The black Atlantic : modernity and double consciousness
The music for unaccompanied mixed chorus of Einojuhani Rautavaara
After Sibelius : studies in Finnish music
The new music theater : seeing the voice, hearing the body
