http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12279 mothers
mothers
One day in May
The lost daughter
Black Rabbit Hall
Maternal sensitive responsiveness, characteristics and relations to child early communicative and linguistic development
The round house
You will know me : a novel
Absent or Ambivalent Mothers and Avoidant Children - An Evolutionary Reading of Zhang Kangkang's Motherhood Stories
The final girls
That dark remembered day
The falconer
Guess how much I love you
Where the wild mums are
Development of interaction and attachment : traditional and non-traditional approaches
A mother's guide to cheating
Born wicked
"The story of a teenage girl who's literally allergic to the outside world. When a new family moves in next door, she begins a complicated romance that challenges everything she's ever known. The narrative unfolds via vignettes, diary entries, texts, charts, lists, illustrations, and more"--
Son of a gun : a memoir
Mother, mother : a novel
A man bears witness to his grandfather's deathbed confessions, which reveal his family's long-buried history and his involvement in a mail-order novelty company, World War II, and the space program.
Micronutrient intake in Nepalese mothers and children : study of the current stage and changes over time and determinants of vitamin A and iron intake in Nepalese mothers and their children from 2001 to 2011
First one missing
The possible lives of Matleena Herajärvi : a poor woman's position in Northern Finland in the nineteenth century
Bye-bye baby brother!
The godless boys : a story of love and violence
There's going to be a baby
The talisman
Royal wedding : the Princess diaries
Women, men and children in families : private troubles and public issues
In their mother's footsteps
Bad mothers united
His whole life
My soul to keep
The distance between us
Why i love my mummy
Mommy stories : 3 books in 1!
Our new baby inside!
Defamilialisation Policies and Attitudes and Behaviour Among Mothers in Twelve European Countries. Do results for Denmark, Finland and Sweden differ from the others?
My totally secret diary : on stage in America
Five days to die
My mummy is magic
Letters from Skye : a novel
Gestational diabetes:metformin treatment, maternal overweight and long-term outcome
Night dancer
Purity : a novel
Izzy Stone struggles to solve the mysteries surrounding her mentally ill mother and discover a place to truly call home.
Mean moms rule : why doing the hard stuff now creates good kids later
My mum is beautiful
When my heart was wicked
This evolutionary reading of the Chinese writer Zhang Kangkang's maternal stories explores the specificities and agency of mothers and of children. The dilemma confronted by physically absent and/or emotionally detached mothers, depicted in Zhang's stories, entails women's strategic intelligence to make tradeoffs between their reproductive efforts and their life stage and conditions. It sheds light on conditional maternal commitment, the necessity and feasibility of cooperative childrearing, and various mother-child conflicts. Zhang's texts also describe insecurely attached infants and children who sink into a nonchalant and avoidant state after experiencing distress, terror, or resentment due to insensitive and unpredictable mothering. Absent and ambivalent mothers are generally harassed by the feeling of guilt, resulting from conditional maternal commitment, mother-child conflicts, and the high expectations of the motherhood myth. Children's counterstrategies also regulate and enhance maternal or alloparental care.
The limit
My dog, my cat, my mum and me
Demons in my driveway
Classic poems for mothers
As plague ravages the overcrowded Earth, observed by a ruthless lunar people, Cinder, a gifted mechanic and cyborg, becomes involved with handsome Prince Kai and must uncover secrets about her past in order to protect the world in this futuristic take on the Cinderella story.
Maternal care and mental health : a report prepared on behalf of the World Health Organization as a contribution to the United Nations programme for the welfare of homeless children
The playground mafia
Socio-demographic factors and incidence of caesarean sections in Mozambique
Following her mother's untimely and mysterious death, Delia embarks on a voyage of discovery through the streets of her native Naples searching for the truth about her family.
The day I lost you
A mother's secret
Everything, everything
My mum is a supermum
The woman who upped and left
The mothers of Harry Potter
Event-related potential (ERP) studies of mother-infant interaction
Dear thing
Walk two moons
Mother leads best : 50 women who are changing the way organizations define leadership
Roots in China - childhood in America : the search of ethnic identity in between two cultures : the study of the mother-daughter dialogue in the film "The joy luck club"
Mothers of new-borns search for connection to physical activity : an action-research intervention study
Things I wish I'd known : women tell the truth about motherhood
We need to talk about Kevin
Implementation of interventions in the CHIMACA project
My mum has x-ray vision
Upside down babies
When you reach me
The nix : a novel
In an alternate New England of 1900, where the Brotherhood dominates and controls society, sixteen-year-old Cate Cahill has struggled since her mother's death to keep secret that she and her younger sisters are witches, but when a governess arrives from the Sisterhood, everything changes.
Terms of endearment : a novel : with a new preface
Mothering justice : working with mothers in criminal and social justice settings
Merrow
Mother of the bride
The valley of amazement
A follow-up study of children's communicative development:associations to social-emotional and behavioural problems and competences and experienced maternal stress
Opportunities, constraints and constrained opportunities : a study on mothers' working time patterns in 22 European countries
Post-natal depression : psychology, science and the transition to motherhood
Transplacental transfer of food contaminants
With or without you
I just want to pee alone : a collection of humorous essays
The sweetest thing
Early and late motherhood : economic, family background and social conditions
Women's autonomy and maternal health care utilization in Nepal
All you need is love
Harvesting the heart
The winter people : a novel
Saving Sophie
Life, death and vanilla slices
Moonglow : a novel
Travelling with Pomegranates : a mother and daughter journey to the sacred places of Greece, Turkey, and France
What to expect when you're expecting
The good people
City of glass
There's a house inside my mummy
Enduring whispers about her absent mother's alleged merrow origins after her father drowns, twelve-year-old Neen questions her identity as she becomes increasingly torn between the worlds of the sea and her island home / WorldCat.
"On his thirty-fifth birthday, Jake St. Cloud inherits a fortune--and learns the whereabouts of his mysterious half-brother. On her deathbed, Selma St. Cloud revealed that Jake had a sibling, a product of his father's affair. At last, Jake is in a position to track down Alex Rosario and make amends for their father's past neglect. At least, that's the plan. When their initial meeting goes badly, a distraught Jake crashes his car and is sentenced to community work--with Alex as his parole officer. Jake must spend a year helping Angelica Dancer and her daughter, Fancy, at the Dancer Foundation for neglected children. Fancy, scarred within and without by the accident that ended her ballet career, is even less happy with the arrangement than Jake. Yet as they're thrown together, Jake, Alex, Angelica, and Fancy make unexpected connections. And as he unravels the painful truths of his past, Jake realizes that his mother's greatest gift to him lies not in his inheritance, but in the future, and the family, he's slowly piecing together" --
All for you
Mothers and sons
Last night at the Blue Angel
Single mothers by choice : a guidebook for single women who are considering or have chosen motherhood
Troubling love
Mind of winter
The house of storms
Sri Aurobindo birth centenary library : de luxe edition. 25, The mother with letters on the mother and translations of prayers and meditations
Happy birthday
Pirates don't take baths
Comparison of pre- and post-intervention levels of physical activity among sedentary Finnish mothers
What mommies do best ; What daddies do best
Beyond the baby blues : the complete perinatal anxiety and depression handbook
How many camels are there in Holland? : dementia, ma and me
Fancy dancer
In Finland, the number and the proportion of women receiving minimum maternity or parental allowance increased dramatically in the 1990s. Their share increased to a high point of 30 percent in 1996 and remained at over 25 percent to the end of the decade. The aim of this study was to describe some of the characteristics typical of these women, and to analyse how often and in what circumstances they had to rely on last-resort income support (social assistance and housing allowance). The material comprises data on the total working-aged population, retrieved from the income security registers maintained by the Social Insurance Institution and from the social assistance register maintained by Stakes (National Research and Development Centre for Welfare and Health). Both cross sectional and longitudinal data were analysed by means of cross tabulations and means as well as logistic regression. We could differentiate two groups of mothers receiving minimum bene? t: young mothers and middle-aged mothers with many children. Twenty percent of women on the minimum allowance also received social assistance and 38 percent received housing allowance. Reliance on social assistance was particularly common among mothers who had delivered their ? rst baby and among young mothers who had delivered more than one baby .
Men's Socio-Demographic Background and Maternal Health Care Utilization in Ethiopia
The affair
The heart of the matter
Mother said : poems
The scar
Diary of a baby wombat
You
The spark : a mother's story of nurturing genius
Real mermaids don't hold their breath
City of bones
Where we belong
Who is mr Satoshi
Parental separation at birth and maternal depressed mood in pregnancy: associations with schizophrenia and criminality in the offspring
The health and wellbeing problems of the families with children have become more complex today. Improving preventive services and facilitating an early intervention in health and wellbeing problems of the families are the main challenges. A better interprofessional collaboration (IPC) of the professionals is needed to maintain the well-being level of the families high. These are skills to be learned during undergraduate education. An interprofessional pair training (IPT) for maternity and child health clinics was implemented in collaboration with primary health care centre and two universities of Oulu to develop an interprofessional education (IPE) model for undergraduate level students. Fifth year medical students (n = 101) and fourth year public health nurses (n = 31) and teachers participated in the training program during 2010-2012. The study aimed at investigating students' attitudes and readiness for interprofessional learning (IPL), at strengthening their professional skills and at gathering clients' experiences. The interprofessional student pairs met with the client visits independently. One pair contacted three clients during the day. They examined and observed the examination of the other pair. The feedback was collected from the students and the clients. Students' attitudes and readiness for IPL were assessed using RIPLS (Readiness for interprofessional learning scale). Both medical and nurse students attached great importance to teamwork and collaboration. Nurse students appreciated the learning of roles and responsibilities more important in comparison to the medical students. A tendency for stronger professional identity among medical student was noted. The clients' expectations were fulfilled. The training periods gave valuable experience to develop IP pair training for collaborative practices in primary health care and undergraduate health care education. The study results are important for curriculum development as well.
Good people
The choice
Where's my mummy?
Random family : love, drugs, trouble, and coming of age in the Bronx
What she left behind
Soccer with mom
The living blood
The art of crash landing : a novel
The friends we keep
Michael Tolliver lives
The study investigates parental child rearing methods, structural factors relating to the family during adolescence geographic segregation, individual resource deficits and social background of first time late live births among 32 to 37 years old women and compare to teenagers before becoming teenage mothers. The purpose is to study if results will be consistent with the hypotheses that poverty, social deprivation during adolescence and low education are causes of teen childbearing but also childlessness among elder women in the age group 32 to 37 years old. Could childlessness as well as teenage motherhood bee seen as a consequence of social deprivation and lack of educational possibilities? A discrete-time proportional hazard Cox model is applied to analyze the longitudinal observations of population-based registers covering 1980-2003 for girls born in 1966. Results show a significant economic and social gradient for first-time teenage mothers. Teenagers who had experienced family separation or who were formerly in out-of-home care in particular had an increased risk of early childbearing. Results showed that teenage mothers were in every respect in a more disadvantaged position than pregnant teenagers who had an induced abortion. Quite the opposite pattern is disclosed for late motherhood. Late first time childbirth is more commonly seen among women with a better family background and educated position than childless women in the same age group. The late first-time pregnant women who chose abortion are in a more disadvantaged position than the women who become a mother for the first time in the age group 32 to 37 years old. Conclusion: Disadvantage during adolescence is a precursor for teenage child bearing while parental unemployment and poverty are precursors of lifetime childlessness. While social disadvantage is a precursor for first time late abortion among 32 to 37 years old women, the teenage mothers are in a more disadvantage position than teenagers who choose induced abortions. Social disadvantages inflict at the same time early motherhood and childlessness because social disadvantages influence young women differently than elder women. .
My mum's from planet Pluto
"The most unforgettable character I've met" : the Jewish mother in Philip Roth's Portnoy's Complaint
If I told you once
Hand me down world
Collaborative learning in maternity and child health clinics
Children's perception of emotion in music : a cross-cultural study
Princess in the spotlight
Babushka in flux : grandmothers and family-making between Russian Karelia and Finland
The nix
"Single mom Sidonie Lindstrom has her hands full with a troubled foster son, an abrupt adjustment to country living, and an unforeseen lack of funds.  When her taciturn neighbor, MacKenzie Knightley, repeatedly offers practical help, Sid reminds herself she's not interested--despite his kindness, pragmatism, and quiet charm.  MacKenzie sees the vulnerability beneath her pride, and he's determined to change her mind."-- back cover.
Perhaps tomorrow
Mystery of mothers on the labour market : comparison of the differences in labour market participation of married mothers with small children in Germany and Finland during the 1990's
What my mother gave me : thirty-one women on the gifts that mattered most
Snug as a bug
Her mother's secret
Scarlet Benoit and Wolf, a street fighter who may have information about her missing grandmother, join forces with Cinder as they try to stay one step ahead of the vicious Lunar Queen Levana in this story inspired by Little Red Riding Hood.
Little mouse
Supporting parenthood in interaction : a conversation analytic study of maternity and child health clinics
Cold burn of magic : a Black Blade novel
Mother love/mother hate : the power of maternal ambivalence
Music therapy for improving premature infants' well-being and communication skills and enhancing mother-infant bonding : a case study
Hero at large
In memory of the mothers
When Leda's daughters leave home to be with their father, she decides to take a trip to a small coastal town in Italy, but soon after she arrives memories from her unsettled past come back to haunt her.
Back to back
Health behavior of young adult men and the association with body composition and physical fitness during military service
Why don't you come for me?
A charmed life
Reproductive health in southern Africa : government policies and changes in sexual and reproductive health and rights : final report
Dark secrets. [1] : Lecagy of lies ; Don't tell
The wooden chair
He's the one
Use of the Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale (EPDS) in the detection of postnatal depression : a systematic literature review
Another mother's son
Franklin says I love you
The island
Kiss me hello
This is my family : a first look at same-sex parents
Precarious pregnancies : alcohol, drugs and the regulation of risks
Dirt : a novel
The illuminations
Filicide, intra-familial child homicides in Finland 1970-1994
Diverse family leave and day care policies create varying monetary incentives for mothers to stay at home with their children. They also affect attitudes of mothers and this should influence childcare decisions. In this study, attitudes of mothers towards cutting down on paid work for the sake of family as well as their behaviour regarding childcare at home were studied in 12 European countries. Of special interest were Denmark, Finland and Sweden, three Nordic countries with a long tradition of childcare policies supporting mothers' work participation. The data is based on the European Social Survey (ESS) Round 2, conducted in 2004 and 2005. The least familialistic attitudes were found in Sweden, Denmark and Finland. A coarse indicator for the effectiveness of childcare policy was devised and indicated that attitudes correlated with the policies in several countries. No correspondence was found between attitudes and average times spent with children at home. Regarding the Nordic countries (particularly Sweden and Finland), the contradictions observed were consistent with childcare policies that affect short- and long-term behaviour in opposite directions. In Finland, a familialistic attitude was relatively common among mothers whose youngest child was under 1-year-old.
Minimum Parental Allowance Payments Received by Finnish Mothers
Bone by bone
Wildest dreams
A manual for cleaning women : selected stories
Fish consumption : human health effects and decision making
Environmental microbes and immunological development in children : the role of animal, bacterical and fungal exposures
Discursive matrixes of motherhood : cultivating decency and emotion in Finnish and French mother-talk
Between the lines
Babies and their mothers
