http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12208 nonsense (literary styles)
nonsense (literary styles)
Mr. Brown can moo! Can you?
Mother Goose
Philosophy of nonsense : the intuitions of Victorian nonsense literature
From limerick to "rimelick" : the Finnish nonsense limerick and its transformations
Nonsense : aspects of intertextuality in folklore and literature
If I ran the zoo
Green eggs and ham
"Word is oh such a twich-tickling problem" : anomalous features in Roald Dahl's The BFG and its Finnish translation
The original Mother Goose
'Nonsense', wrote Mervyn Peake, 'can take you by the hand and lead you nowhere. It's magic'. Peake (1911-68) is one of the great English nonsense poets, in the tradition of Lewis Carroll and Edward Lear. His verses lead the reader into places where cause is cut free of effect and language takes on a giddy life of its own. Malicious bowler hats threaten their owners, a cake is chased across an ocean by a rakish knife, aunts become flatfish or live on sphagnum moss. Fully annotated, with a detailed introduction, "Complete Nonsense" contains all the poems and illustrations previously published in Peake's "Book of Nonsense" (1972), with forty unpublished poems discovered in manuscripts and thirty from other uncollected sources, including all the nonsense verses from his novels. It reprints complete - for the first time and in colour - the words and images from "Rhymes without Reason" (1944), and Peake's comic masterpiece "Figures of Speech" (1954). All the poems have been newly edited, often from Peake's manuscripts, by Robert Maslen, editor of Peake's "Collected Poems" (Carcanet), and Peter Winnington, the leading Peake scholar and biographer. Peake wrote of the rare art that 'glitters with the divine lunacy we call nonsense': "Complete Nonsense" glitters with Peake's benign and wayward imagination.
Readers in wonderland : the liberating worlds of fantasy fiction : from Dorothy to Harry Potter
Hacker's criticism of Diamond's interpretation of the "Tractatus"
"Just never forget to be dexterous and deft. And never mix up your right foot with your left." : Form, theme and ideology in Dr. Seuss
Mixed up nursery rhymes
The new vestments
Nonsense literature for children : Aesop to Seuss
In defence of reason
Translating expressive language in children's literature : problems and solutions
Molecular genetics of Stickler and Marshall syndromes, and the role of collagen II and other candidate proteins in high myopia and impaired hearing
The hunting of the snark
What is this nonsense? : on the political in visual art with basis in surrealism and pataphysics
"We're all mad here?" : Logic and language in Lewis Carroll's Alice's adventures in Wonderland and Through the looking-glass
"The Hunting of the Snark" relates in glittering verse the story of how the Bellman and his eccentric crew, who include a butcher, a baker, a beaver and a tailor, set off in quest of that most mysterious and elusive of creatures, the Snark. In 1959 Tove Jansson, the creator of Moomin Valley and its magical inhabitants, was commissioned to illustrate a Swedish edition of Lewis Carroll's miniature masterpiece. It proved an inspired choice, as the enigmatic charms of Jansson's illustrative style bring to life the beauty and strangeness of Carroll's tale. The minds of two of the greatest children's authors of the past 150 years meet on the page. Remarkably, amid the success of Tove Jannson's Moomin books, her unique edition of "The Hunting of the Snark" was forgotten, and has been unavailable for over fifty years. Now, for the first time, these beautiful illustrations are matched with Lewis Carroll's original English text, so that readers can encounter this wonderful adventure afresh through the eyes of one of Europe's finest illustrators.
The search for synthesis in literature and art : the paradox of space
The nonsense verse of Edward Lear
Hey, hey scoogie dance : A study of the Hurriganes and rock Esperanto
Fairy tale elements in Margaret Atwood's novel The robber bride
Alice's adventures in wonderland
ABC : first publication of this Lear alphabet
Alice's adventures in Wonderland
Mother Goose : old nursery rhymes
Bioinformatic identification of genomic alterations in breast cancer
H.C. Andersen : old problems and new readings
Children's treasury : fairy tales, nursery rhymes & nonsense verse
One fish, two fish, red fish, blue fish
I never saw a purple cow and other nonsense rhymes
A collection of 236 limericks and other nonsense poems including "The Owl and the Pussycat" as well as "The Nutcrackers and the Sugar Tongs.".
An anatomy of literary nonsense
Angela Carter and the fairy tale
A selection of nonsense verse
The Very Best of Mother Goose
The hair book
The complete verse and other nonsense
The Eden of dreams and the nonsense land : characteristics of the British golden age children's fiction in the Finnish children's fantasy literature of the 1950s
Edward Lear's nonsense songs
Wee Willie Winkie and other nursery rhymes
I saw Esau : the schoolchild's pocket book
The complete nonsense book : containing all the original pictures and verses, together with new material
Humpty Dumpty and other nursery rhymes
Molecular diagnostics of rare inherited SYNDROMES with a view on diagnostic test development
Rhymes, riddles and nonsense
In a people house
The hunting of the Snark
The concept of magic in children's fantasy literature
What do you call a one-eyed dinosaur? : rip-roaring jokes, riddles, and rhymes
The senses of nonsense
The vampire as numinous experience : spiritual journeys with the undead in British and American literature
Nonsense and other senses : regulated absurdity in literature
The complete nonsense book
Strange concepts and the stories they make possible : cognition, culture, narrative
The Oxford nursery treasury
A great big ugly man came up and tied his horse to me: A book of nonsense verse
A book of nonsense
Alice's adventures in Wonderland : a classic illustrated edition
A Rickety Trolley, Virginian Wolfsnake and Yeeka: Lexical explications, wordplay and nonsense utterances in A Series of Unfortunate Events and their translation into Finnish PDF
The C. S. Lewis encyclopedia : a complete guide to his life, thought, and writings
Mother goose : nursery rhymes
Philosophy through the looking-glass : language, nonsense, desire
Radical children's literature : future visions and aesthetic transformations in juvenile fiction
The mammoth book of limericks
Visual nonsense and nonsense illustrations
The owl and the pussycat, and other poems
This book reappraises the place of children's literature, showing it to be a creative space where writers and illustrators try out new ideas about books, society, and narratives in an age of instant communication and multi-media. It looks at the stories about the world and young people; the interaction with changing childhoods and new technologies. This book is designed to challenge the view that children's literature is innately conservative - that it lags behind writing for adults. By looking at a range of texts, past and present, it shows that children's literature is in fact a playground in which radical and innovative texts are devised. Developments in children's literature have not gone uncontested, particularly when a controversial children's book also wins a major literary prize. But to date there has been no focused examination of how far conventional boundaries have been breached in children's literature, or what it means that the boundaries between writing for adults and children are increasingly blurred. Neither has the cultural debt owed to children's literature as a source of innovation and assimilation of new ideas in writing, illustration and narrative experimentation been acknowledged. Radical Children's Literature begins this process by exploring how writing for children redirects the way in which genres, texts and new technologies interact creatively with childhood and youth culture.
New insights into the genetic basis of colorectal cancer
Once upon a twice
Quest for identity : meaning of the self and identity for children readers in Lewis Carroll's Alice's adventures in Wonderland
