http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1227 lifetime (age)
lifetime (age)
Longevity and early prediction of performance in Swedish horses
Laatupainotetut elinvuodet terveydenhuollon vaikuttavuuden arvioinnissa : järjestelmällinen kirjallisuuskatsaus = Use of quality-adjusted life years for the estimation of effectiveness of health care : a systematic literature review
Health status and health policy in Sub-Saharan Africa: a long-term perspective
Mortal coil : a short history of living longer
Expectation of life in different labour market and pension recipency states, Finland 1970-1997
Väestöennuste 1998-2050 = Population projection Finland 1998-2050
Texture modifications in semisolid and solid foods : sensory characterization and acceptance in different age groups
Causes of death in patients with rheumatoid arthritis over a 40-year period : with special emphasis on autopsy
Abstract : From past to present : effect of lifecourse on mortality, and social class differences in mortality in middle adulthood
Realistic expectations for long life
Swedish summary.
Population data at a glance : shaded contour maps of demographic surfaces over age and time
Late results after paediatric cardiac surgery in Finland
Life cycle testing of electric vehicle battery modules
Demographic methods
Lifespan and skeletal muscle properties : the effects of genetic background, physical activity and aging
Charting the progress of populations
Expectation of life in different labour market and pension recipiency states, Finland 1970-1997
Active and retirement life expectancy in Finland
Social class and mortality risk
Predictors of mortality in old age : contribution of self-rated health, physical functions, life satisfaction and social support on survival among older people
Summary.
Multiple sclerosis in Northern Finland : epidemiological characteristics and comorbidities
Measuring inter-group inequalities in length of life
Evolution of human life cycle : an analysis on historical human populations
Sickness absence according to diagnoses among employees in food industry from 2003 to 2008
Bio-behavioral inquiries regarding cognitive aging and distance to death : the role of gender, APOE, grip strength and subjective memory
Musculoskeletal disorders and physical strain among food factory workers
The escape from hunger and premature death, 1700-2100 : Europe, America and the Third World
The biology of life span : a quantitative approach
The effects of risk factors on disability : a multistate analysis of the U.S. health and retirement study
Lifespan and skeletal muscle properties the effects of genetic background, physical activity and aging
Global trends in life expectancy : a club approach
Trends in life expectancy by level of education and occupational social class in Finland 1981-2000
Reproduction and post-reproductive survival in historical humans
Aging, health expenditure, proximity of death and income in Finland
Predictive distribution of adjustment for life expectancy change
Monitoring the employment strategy and the duration of active working life
The texture of life : occupations and related activities
Healthy aging for functional longevity : molecular and cellular interactions in senescence
Plant and animal populations : methods in demography
The mortality crisis in transnational economies
Life expectancy and adult mortality in industrialised countries
Cause of death, income distribution, and problems of response rates
What's going on down there? : answer to questions boys find hard to ask
Human longevity, individual life duration, and the growth of the oldest-old population
Change in male and female life ecpectancy by social class : decomposition by age and cause of death in Finland 1971-95
Years added to life in old age
How perennial are perennial plants?
Product life cycle assessments : principles and methodology
Linking retirement age to life expectancy : what happens to working lives and income distribution
The Swedish level of living survey : longitudinal research on life chances over the life course
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 2009 : Special Issue of the 16th Nordic Demographic Symposium in Helsinki
The Kingfisher encyclopedia of life : minutes, months, millennia - how long is a life on earth?
Lifespan and skeletal muscle properties / the effects of genetic background, physical activity and aging
Whole : rethinking the science of nutrition
The advancing frontier of survival : life tables for old age
Life cycles, growth rates and reproductive effort in lycosid and other spiders
Three fluorescene methods for assessing boar sperm viability
Modeling mortality rates : improvements, uncertainties and effects on life annuities
Convergence of lifestyles and trends in the sex mortality ratio among the middle-aged in Finland
Tiivistelmä (Summary in Finnish).
Sensory and non-sensory factors behind the liking and choice of healthy food products
The seasons of a man's life
Fantastic voyage : live long enough to live for ever
Making dying illegal : architecture against death : original to the 21st century
The 100-year life
Changing patterns of intergenerational resource allocation in Finland
Play in healthcare for adults : using play to promote health and wellbeing across the adult lifespan
Forever young : a cultural history of longevity
The impact of lifestyle and cardiovascular risk factors in midlife on the health-related quality of life among old men
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary).
The extreme future : the top trends that will reshape the world for the next 5, 10, and 20 years
Aging, death, and human longevity : a philosophical inquiry
Pensions at a glance 2011 : retirement-income systems in OECD and G20 countries
The association between cumulative milk yield, days open, and days to first breeding in New York Holstein cows
Longevity is increasing : what about the retirement age?
Michael Hauskeller poses some challenging questions about human enhancement, interrogating the logic behind its processes and examining the justifications behind its criteria. The book provides a rigorous approach to the topic which systematically and consistently explores assumptions about human enhancement and its effects.
World health and disease
Alcohol-related mortality by age and sex and its impact on life expectancy
Evolution of prolonged longevity in humans
Analyzing survival data on dairy cattle : some new methods and applications = Analyse av levetidsdata på kyr : noen nye metoder og anvendelser
Longevity in the light of the latest data
The impact of changing life expectancy and retirement patterns on pension costs
The changing body : health, nutrition, and human development in the western world since 1700
Laboratory relationships between adult lifetime reproductive success and fitness surrogates in a Drosophila littoralis population
Status syndrome : how your social standing directly affects your health and life expectancy
Life expectancy and mortality in intellectual disability
Understanding and modulating aging
Demographic transition and economic growth
Longevity adjustment of pension benefits
"With increasing life expectancy, measuring population health levels on the basis of mortality rates alone has become less and less relevant in many populations. At the same time, societies invest substantial resources in promoting healthy life, in addition to preventing premature death. But how effective have these efforts been? What is the appropriate metric to measure health life expectancy, or, for that matter, the contribution of different diseases and injuries to potential years of healthy life that are lost due to their occurrence? This book addresses the various approaches and viewpoints as to how mortality and ill-health might be combined into a single index to measure overall population health. The various uses of such summary measures of population health are described, and the appropriate measurement framework and specific ethical and social value choices are discussed and debated. The contributors include leading experts in epidemiological methods, ethics, health economics, health status measurement and the valuation of health states. Summary measures of population health are likely to become increasingly topical and debated and this volume will serve as the fundamental reference for their construction and use for scholars across all public health disciplines." -- (World Health Organization)
Old-growth forests : function, fate and value
Abridged life tables for Finland 1751-1880
Trends in mortality and differential mortality
Summary: The life cycles of the lycosid spiders Pardosa eiseni, P. palustris and Alopecosa aculeata were determined as 3 years at Kevo, northern Finland. A. aculeata also showed a 3 year life cycle in southern Finland, near Turku...
On the problem of the average duration of life in the Roman empire
Sex, puberty and all that stuff : a guide to qrowing up
From past to present : effect of lifecourse on mortality, and social class differences in mortality in middle adulthood
Demographic changes in Russia : past and future
Humans have become much taller and heavier, and experience healthier and longer lives than ever before in human history. However it is only recently that historians, economists, human biologists and demographers have linked the changing size, shape and capability of the human body to economic and demographic change. This book presents an introduction to the field of anthropometric history, surveying the causes and consequences of changes in health and mortality, diet and the disease environment in Europe and the United States since 1700. It examines how we define and measure health and nutrition as well as key issues such as whether increased longevity contributes to greater productivity or, instead, imposes burdens on society through the higher costs of healthcare and pensions. The result is a book that is a contribution to economic and social history with important implications for today's developing world and the health trends of the future.
The economic implications of aging societies : the costs of living happily ever after
Taking life imprisonment seriously in national and international law
Better humans? : understanding the enhancement project
The coming of the body
Summary measures of population health : concepts, ethics, measurements and applications
Healthy aging and longevity : Third International Conference
Multiple sclerosis (MS) is the most frequent chronic inflammatory demyelinating disease of the central nervous system leading to neurological disability in young adults. Finland belongs to the high-risk areas of MS with continuously increasing of prevalence rates. In comparison to the general population, patients with MS have an increased risk of premature mortality. The extent of comorbidity rates and their role in the outcomes of MS have not been fully investigated. The aim of this thesis was to evaluate the epidemiology and survival of MS in Northern Ostrobothnia. The neurological comorbidity and frequency of fractures in patients with MS were also investigated. All MS patients diagnosed in Oulu University Hospital during 1990–2010 were included in this study. The prevalence of MS was 103/105; the mean overall incidence was 6.3/105. Women had a 2.3-fold higher MS incidence than men. The overall incidence figures were clearly affected by a pronounced increase among females. Neurological comorbidities were common in MS patients with 17.1 % of patients suffering from some other neurological diseases in addition with MS. The most common diseases were migraine (10.4 %) and epilepsy (4.7 %). The prevalence of stroke was similar in MS patients compared to the general population, but the 21-year survival rate was significantly lower in MS patients who had suffered a stroke compared with those MS patients without stroke. MS patients experienced a high risk for fragility fractures especially vertebral fractures. The possibility of osteoporosis had been examined only 26 % patients with fragility fractures and osteoporosis was detected in the majority. The prevalence of MS in our cohort was similar to the Finnish average, but in the Seinäjoki area, the prevalence was double the national average. Although the increasing incidence of female MS has been confirmed also in other studies, the reasons for this phenomenon are unknown. The increased risk for fragility fractures may be associated with low D vitamin levels or pathogenesis of MS. These findings emphasize the role of comorbid diseases in disability and survival of MS patients and attention should be paid to these conditions also in clinical practice.
Learning and education of older workers : lifelong learning at the margin
Modern railway track
