http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12290 time series
time series
National accounts of OECD countries : detailed tables = Comptes nationaux des pays l'OCDE : tableaux détaillés. Vol. 2, 1988-1998
This book introduces using R for data mining. Data mining techniques are widely used in government agencies, banks, insurance, retail, telecom, medicine and research. Recently, there is an increasing tendency to do data mining with R, a free software environment for statistical computing and graphics. According to a poll by KDnuggets.com in early 2011, R is the 2nd popular tool for data mining work. By introducing using R for data mining, this book will have a broad audience from both academia and industry. It targets researchers in the field of data mining, postgraduate students.
Producing time series data for income distribution : sources, methods and techniques
Generalized integer-valued autoregression
Using moving blocks bootstrap to test for the presence of a positive Lyapunov exponent in a time series
Modeling financial time series with S-plus
The forces of economic growth : a time series perspective
Astronomical time series : proceedings of The Florence and George Wise Observatory 25th Anniversary Symposium, held in Tel-Aviv, Israel, 30 December 1996 - 1 January 1997
Handbook of statistics. Vol. 3, Time series in the frequency domain
VAR modelling in commodities : Brent crude oil, wheat and the Swiss franc
Statistical analysis of financial data in S-PLUS
Bayesian methods applied to time series data
The analysis of time series : an introduction
Extracting knowledge from time series : an introduction to nonlinear empirical modeling
National accounts of OECD countries : detailed tables = Comptes nationaux des pays l'OCDE : tableaux détaillés. Vol. 2, 1988-1999
Elements of forecasting
Reveals How HMMs Can Be Used as General-Purpose Time Series Models Implements all methods in R Hidden Markov Models for Time Series: An Introduction Using R applies hidden Markov models (HMMs) to a wide range of time series types, from continuous-valued, circular, and multivariate series to binary data, bounded and unbounded counts, and categorical observations. It also discusses how to employ the freely available computing environment R to carry out computations for parameter estimation, model selection and checking, decoding, and forecasting. Illustrates the methodology in action After presenting the simple Poisson HMM, the book covers estimation, forecasting, decoding, prediction, model selection, and Bayesian inference. Through examples and applications, the authors describe how to extend and generalize the basic model so it can be applied in a rich variety of situations. They also provide R code for some of the examples, enabling the use of the codes in similar applications. Effectively interpret data using HMMs This book illustrates the wonderful flexibility of HMMs as general-purpose models for time series data. It provides a broad understanding of the models and their uses.
Nonlinearity testing in the presence of outliners
Multivariate tests for time series models
Some change detection and time-series forecasting algorithms for an electronics manufacturing process
Deflation-based separation of uncorrelated stationary time series
Forecasting and time series analysis
Modeling long-term price development by using time-series auto-regression and expert judgments
Statistical visions in time : a history of time series analysis, 1662-1938
Effects of emissions from the nickel-copper smelter in Monchegorsk, northwestern Russia, on the radial growth of Scots pine
Modelling and forecasting Finnish sawlog stumpage prices using state space models
Business forecasting
Hands-on intermediate econometrics using R : templates for extending dozens of practical examples
Time series
Time series : theory and methods
Introduction to time series modeling
Stochastic methods and their applications : papers in honor of Chris Heyde
Statistical analysis of stationary time series
Time series analysis papers
Fundamentals of the time value of money
On cointegration and persistence
National accounts. 1975-1998, Time series
A parametric approach for estimating core inflation and interpreting the inflation process
Time series analysis : univariate and multivariate methods
The time series properties of accrual versus cash-based income variables
The rational expectations equilibrium inventory model : theory and applications
Probability, statistics and seismology : a Festschrift for David Vere-Jones
Finnish society (Social change as time series)
Pooled cross-sectional and time series data analysis
Improved significance testing of wavelet power spectrum near data boundaries as applied to polar research
A statistical expert system for preliminary time series analysis
Recent developments in time series. Volume 1
Time series modeling of neuroscience data
Analysis of seasonal and other short-term variations with applications to Finnish economic time series
Space-time constellation and precoder design under channel estimation errors
Time series analysis : nonstationary and noninvertible distribution theory
Deuterium excess record from a small Arctic ice cap
Univariate tests for time series models
Identification of multiple input transfer function noise models : a regression approach
Nonlinear dynamics, chaos, and instability : statistical theory and economic evidence
Co-integration, time co-trends and error-correction systems : an alternative approach
Spatial and temporal variability of net accumulation from shallow cores from Vestfonna Ice Cap (Nordaustlandet, Svalbard)
National accounts of OECD countries : main aggregates = Comptes nationaux des pays l'OCDE : principaux agrégats. Vol. 1, 1989-2000
Spectral analysis of time series : proceedings of an advanced seminar, conducted by the Mathematics Research Center, United States Army and the Statistics Department at the University of Wisconsin, Md., October 3-5, 1966
Nordic stock market integration
The econometric analysis of seasonal time series
Time series and system analysis with applications
Time series analysis, identification and adaptive filtering
R and Data Mining : Examples and Case Studies
Forecasting and time series : an applied approach
Across the universe
Introduction to time series and forecasting
Hidden Markov models for time series : an introduction using R
Testing for granger-causality in the Finnish roundwood market
Applied time series analysis : proceedings of the International Conference held at Houston, Texas, August 1981
The econometric modelling of financial time series
Essays on higher moments in macroeconomics and finance
Recent developments in time series. Volume 2
Time series prediction using Recurrent SOM with local linear models
Nonlinear time series : nonparametric and parametric methods
Testing exogeneity
Modelling the heteroscedasticity of the Finnish stock index and stock index futures series
Time series : a biostatistical introduction
Notes on economic time series analysis: system theoretic perspectives
Environmental modelling : finding simplicity in complexity
An introduction to bispectrial analysis and bilinear time series models
Spatial time series : analysis, forecasting, control
Forecasting time series and drug activity
Using the Yield Curve in Predicting Real Economic Growth : Application to Finland
Time series analysis : regression techniques
Time series analysis : forecasting and control
New directions in time series analysis. 1
Handbook of statistics. Vol. 5, Time series in the time domain
Business mathematics & statistics
Mapping policy preferences II : estimates for parties, electors, and governments in Eastern Europe, European Union, and OECD 1990-2003
Short term forecasting : an introduction to the Box-Jenkins approach
Sign and rank based methods for autocorrelation coefficient estimation
Comparison of unit root tests for time series with level shifts
"Recent advances in brain science measurement technology have given researchers access to very large-scale time series data such as EEG/MEG data (20 to 100 dimensional) and fMRI (140,000 dimensional) data. To analyze such massive data, efficient computational and statistical methods are required. Time Series Modeling of Neuroscience Data shows how to efficiently analyze neuroscience data by the Wiener-Kalman-Akaike approach, in which dynamic models of all kinds, such as linear/nonlinear differential equation models and time series models, are used for whitening the temporally dependent time series in the framework of linear/nonlinear state space models. Using as little mathematics as possible, this book explores some of its basic concepts and their derivatives as useful tools for time series analysis. Unique features include: statistical identification method of highly nonlinear dynamical systems such as the Hodgkin-Huxley model, Lorenz chaos model, Zetterberg Model, and more Methods and applications for Dynamic Causality Analysis developed by Wiener, Granger, and Akaike state space modeling method for dynamicization of solutions for the Inverse Problems heteroscedastic state space modeling method for dynamic non-stationary signal decomposition for applications to signal detection problems in EEG data analysis An innovation-based method for the characterization of nonlinear and/or non-Gaussian time series An innovation-based method for spatial time series modeling for fMRI data analysis The main point of interest in this book is to show that the same data can be treated using both a dynamical system and time series approach so that the neural and physiological information can be extracted more efficiently. Of course, time series modeling is valid not only in neuroscience data analysis but also in many other sciences and engineering fields where the statistical inference from the observed time series data plays an important role"--Provided by publisher.
Unemployment flows in Finland : a time series analysis
Spectral analysis and its applications
Prediction intervals based on autoregression forecasts
Bibliography on time series and stochastic processes : An international team project
On the estimation of the high order autoregression in the case of univariate seasonal time series models
Small sample properties of a joint ARCH-bilinearity test
Modelling economic high-frequency time series
Prediction and interpolation of time series by state space models
Estimates of past and future forest fire danger in Finland from a climatological viewpoint / : Hanna M. Mäkelä
Robust and nonlinear time series analysis : proceedings of a workshop organized by the Sonderforschungsbereich 123 "Stochastische mathematische modelle", Heidelberg 1983
Non-linear time series : a dynamical system approach
Time series analysis and forecasting
National accounts of OECD countries : main aggregates = Comptes nationaux des pays de l'OCDE : principaux agrégats. Vol. 1, 1994-2005
Computational intelligence in time series forecasting : theory and engineering applications
Time series : forecasting, simulation, applications
Forecasting with univariate Box-Jenkins models : concepts and cases
Learning methods for variable selection and time series prediction
Elements of multivariate time series analysis
Time series analysis
Inference in vector autoregressions with integrated time series : part 1
Projected polynomial autoregressions for prediction of stationary time series
Four essays on the multivariate modelling on nonstationary economic time series
Essays on vector autoregressions with cointegrating restrictions
Applications of computer aided time series modeling
Applications of artificial intelligence in finance and economics
Decision making with computers : the spreadsheet and beyond
The diabolical Miss Hyde
Applied time series analysis. Vol. 1, Basic techniques
Summary.
National accounts of OECD countries : main aggregates = Comptes nationaux des pays l'OCDE : principaux agrégats. Vol. 1, 1990-2001
This thesis was done for Oulu University of Applied Sciences Sula project. In the thesis electricity consumption of a garage was examined using classic time series analysis and search for correlation between power consumption and difference between outside and inside temperatures. Also, forecasts were made for power consumption and thermal conductance by applying linear re-gression. In thesis’s context thermal conductance was defined as power con-sumption needed to increase the temperature difference between inside and outside air by one Celsius centigrade. The purpose was to find a programmable way to detect a broken heating device from increased electricity consumption. The program should be able to run au-tomatically on the Sula server. Using time series analysis, trend and irregular components were detected from the electricity consumption measurement. With coefficient of determination linear correlation between the energy consumption and temperature difference was proven. Power consumption forecast had the difference between outside and inside temperature as the explanatory variable. The forecast was good at comparing the last measured power consumption with certain temperature difference to average power consumption with the same temperature difference. The fore-cast was slow in adjusting to different kind of power consumption when used devices were changed, because the forecast method requires high number of observations. If the used devices would always be the same then this forecast method would be suitable for the purpose. Conductance forecasts were faster in adjusting when the used devices were changed, but it can also be a downside because if the forecast adjusts too fast, it’s useless detecting increased consumption. The adjusting speed is deter-mined by the number of observations used. With high number of observations the forecast doesn’t adjust too fast and is more suitable for the purpose.
New significance test methods for Fourier analysis of geophysical  time series
Surveys in economic dynamics
Seeing the Future : how to build basic forecasting models
Data analysis and statistics for geography, environmental science, and engineering
The mathematics of technical analysis : applying statistics to trading stocks, options and futures
Vector forecasting and dynamic portfolio selection : empirical efficiency of recursive multiperiod strategies
Essays on univariate long memory models
Introduction to state space time series analysis
Nonlinear econometric modeling in time series : proceedings of the eleventh International Symposium in Economic Theory
Emulator : Webster's timeline history 1939-2007
Shades of earth
The implementation and constructive use of misspecification tests in econometrics
Co-integration analysis of the term structure of Finnish short-term interest rates
Periodically correlated random sequences : spectral theory and practice
Elements of spatial structure : a quantitative approach
Exogeneity in error correction models
Applied nonlinear time series analysis : applications in physics, physiology and finance
Glaciochemical evidence of spatial and temporal environmental variability across Svalbard
A study in the analysis of stationary time series
Geometrically accurate time series of archived aerial images and airborne lidar data in a forest environment
Bayesian inference
On the estimation of univariate Box-Jenkins models in the time domain
On the measurement of seasonal variations
Statistical methods for forecasting
Introduction to multiple time series analysis
Econometric Analysis serves as a bridge between an introduction to the field of econometrics and the professional literature for social scientists and other professionals in the field of social sciences, focusing on applied econometrics and theoretical background. This book provides a broad survey of the field of econometrics that allows the reader to move from here to practice in one or more specialized areas. At the same time, the reader will gain an appreciation of the common foundation of all the fields presented and use the tools they employ.
The collected works of John W. Tukey. 1, Time series : 1949-1964
Analysis of economic time series : a synthesis
High performance discovery in time series : techniques and case studies
Diagnostic checks in time series
On the estimation of the inverse autocorrelation function
The smallest set of constraints that explains the data : a randomization approach
Testing for cointegration in misspecified systems : a Monte Carlo study of size distortions
A nonlinear moving average test as a robust test for ARCH
Forecasting in the presence of structural breaks and model uncertainty
The State of Food Insecurity in the World : meeting the 2015 international hunger targets : taking stock of uneven progress
Quantitative methods for accounting and business studies
Quantitative modeling of electricity spot price
R&D-Based Endogenous Growth in Finland : A Comparative Study on the Semi-Endogenous and the Schumpeterian Growth Models
Multiscale analysis of complex time series : integration of chaos and random fractal theory, and beyond
Bootstrap inference in time series econometrics
On risk prediction
Changes in the US healthcare landscape: from quantity to quality
Recursive estimation and time-series analysis
National accounts of OECD countries : detailed tables = Comptes nationaux des pays l'OCDE : tableaux détaillés. Vols 2a, 2b, 1993-2004
Developing a forecasting model for doctor's appointments in healthcare business
Model selection in time series machine learning applications
Developments in time series analysis : in honour of Maurice B. Priestley
Econometric analysis
Generalized method of moment and indirect estimation of the ARasMA model
Econometrics of short and unreliable time series
Outliners in time series analysis
Abstract: Underutilization and over demand of experts in services companies is both inefficient and costly; particularly in organizations that employ highly educated professionals, for example doctors and other healthcare workers. The need for accurate forecasting is therefore a crucial business priority. This Thesis develops a demand forecasting model for doctor's appointment at the city of Helsinki Occupational HealthCare Centre. The model is examined by applying it to doctor services at one of several business units at the centre. The study draws upon forecasting theory. Through benchmarking and current state analysis and historical analysis of the case company data the variables deemed to predict demand are identified. Three different forecasting models are then examined in order to test which is most appropriate to the context and best serves to forecast actual service demand. Given different demand trends over the period of a year, for example the seasonality found in the historical data, SPSS Statistics 19 Expert modeler was found to be the most appropriate model. The appropriateness of this model is tested by examining predicted demand and actual demand over a three month period, and by interviewing health care professionals in the case organization. The Thesis discusses the wider implications for practice. The limitations of the study are discussed; particularly with regard to the evaluation of further variables that might improve the model. Avenues for further study are presented.
The arguments of time
The Cartesian ARIMA search algorithm
Essays on directional predictability of financial and economic time series
Studies on large dimensional time series models in empirical macroeconomics
The statistical analysis of time series
National accounts of OECD countries
Time series analysis and applications
