http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12247 wastewater load
wastewater load
Cost effective water protection in the Gulf of Finland : focus on St. Petersburg
Accumulation and transformation of pulp mill organic discharges in recipient lakes
Vesihuoltolaitokset 1992 = Water supply and sewer systems 1992.
Action Plan for the Protection of the Baltic Sea and Inland Watercourses
The fate of EDTA and DTPA in aquatic environments receiving waste waters from the two pulp and paper mills
Pollution load on the Gulf of Finland in 1982-1984 : a report of studies under the Finnish-Soviet Working Group on the protection of the Gulf of Finland
Studies on washing in kraft pulp bleaching
Thematic reports on Helcom PITF regional workshops held in the Baltic Republics : Riga, Latvia, 24-25 May 2000, Vilnius, Lithuania, 26-27 October 2000, Tallinn, Estonia, 1-2 March 2001.
The fourth Baltic Sea pollution load compilation (PLC-4)
The Baltic Sea environment. Session 9, Water and wastewater management in the Baltic region
Summary.
Environmental monitoring in Finland 2006-2008
The effects of pulp and paper mill effluents on fish : a biomarker approach
The aquatic environmental impact of pulping and bleaching operations : an overview
The role of Acinetobacter sp. in biological phosphorus removal from forest industry wastewaters
Lake Lappajärvi : better watercourses with co-operation!
Ecotoxicity of pulp and paper mill effluents in fish : responses at biochemical, individual, population and community levels
Lake restoration by reduction of nutrient loading : expectations, experiences, extrapolations
Summary report of the Gulf of Finland Year 1996 : pollution load and research groups
Identification of processes leading to long-term wastewater purification in northern treatment wetlands
Joint Polish–Finnish sampling of surface waters around the phosphogypsum waste stacks in Gdańsk and Police from 1 to 3 July 2013 : results of the expedition
Europe's environment : the Dobríš assessment
Estimated nutrient load from waste waters originating from ships in the Baltic Sea area
Water Pollution Control
Treatment wetlands (TW) constructed on natural wetlands potentially perform efficient purification of wastewater, but the longevity of TWs at northern latitudes is not well known. This thesis examined processes affecting nutrient and suspended solids (SS) retention in TWs during their lifetime. In total, 15 TWs were studied using water and peat quality and gas flux data for different TW life lengths, the longest period being 18 years.The TWs commonly retained nutrients and suspended solids efficiently, even after 18 years of wastewater loading. For nitrogen (N) removal, sedimentation, nitrification-denitrification and plant uptake were efficient processes in the wetlands studied. However, emissions of nitrous oxide (N2O) from TWs are not a major contributor to climate change due to the small total surface area of TWs. The significance of anaerobic ammonium oxidation (anammox) and other newly discovered nitrogen processes in TWs remains to be clarified. Phosphorus (P) adsorption capacity in TWs remained efficient over a 12-year study period, the process being continuous when surfaces for adsorption were available or freed up through alternating absorption/desorption/adsorption. Phosphorus accumulation by peat accretion was low, but has not been well assessed in northern TWs receiving nutrient-rich waters. Iron (Fe) and aluminium (Al) in peat extraction runoff and purified wastewater from sewage treatment plants were of great importance for precipitation of P in TWs. Filtration and sedimentation of organic humic substances with Fe- or Al-bound P were other probable P retention pathways. In peat extraction runoff, Fe was more significant than Al for P retention, but Fe-bound P is susceptible to desorption in anaerobic environments, whereas Al-bound P is more strongly retained. Suspended solids were generally retained well, although there was great variation in percentage retention in individual TWs in different years and different seasons. Changes in discharge affected SS transportation and retention. SS were retained by sedimentation, the rate of which was affected by particle size. It is plausible that smaller particles from old peat extraction areas where the extracted peat has a high humification degree erode more easily than poorly humified particles in surface peat. Weakened SS retention may also have been caused by development of preferential flow areas (PFA) in TWs, changes in sediment delivery characteristics and sampling involving too few samples to show SS transportation sufficiently accurately for estimating SS retention.Thus TWs are potentially ideal for purification of wastewater and can have high purification efficiency even after long-term use in northern regions. They are also more widely applicable as long as their limitations are understood.
Technological Design of Sewage Disposal in Small Town of China using SBR Method
Ecotoxicology and biogeochemical functioning of bleached pulp mill recipient and non-recipient lake sediments
Vesihuoltolaitokset 1993 = Water supply and sewer systems 1993.
Metal : design and fabrication
Wastewater treatment : advanced processes and technologies
Cities of the future : towards integrated sustainable water and landscape management : proceedings of an international workshop held July 12-14, 2006 in Wingspread Conference Center (Racine, WI)
Managing a sea : the ecological economics of the Baltic
Science, networking and environmental education : in Clean Rivers to Healthy Baltic Sea -project
Practical handbook of environmental control
Proceedings of the workshop on sustainable wastewater and stormwater management : regional workshop for the Latin America and the Caribbean, Rio de Janeiro, 27-31 March 2000
The state of the Finnish coastal waters in 1979-1983
Appropriate management of on-site sanitation
Northern Europe's seas - Northern Europe's environment : report to the Nordic Council's International Conference on the Pollution of the Seas, 16.-18. October 1989
Nutrient and bacterial load transport in the River Vuoksi : model based estimation of aquatic effects from present and planned wastewater treatment plants
The state of the Finnish coastal waters in 1979-1983 = Suomen rannikkovesien tila vuosina 1979-1983
Searching efficient protection strategies for the eutrophied Gulf of Finland : the integrated use of experimental and modelling tools (Segue) : final report
Vesihuoltolaitokset 1991 = Water supply and sewer systems 1991.
Active sulphide mine tailings impoundments as sources of contaminated drainage : controlling factors, methods of characterisation and geochemical constraints for mitigation
Thematic report on HELCOM PITF regional workshops held in Poland : status of the Polish [JCP] hot spots
Interpretation of changes caused by waste water loading on the basis of zoobenthos and sediment analyses in Lake Vanajavesi
Environmental exposure assessment of slimcides : revision of the emission scenario model for Finland
Constructed and Riverine Wetlands for Optimal Control of Wastewater at Catchment Scale : conference proceedings
Hazardous substances in the Baltic Sea : an integrated thematic assessment of hazardous substances in the Baltic Sea
St.Petersburg - facing huge investment challenges in water supply and sewerage
Fate of artificial sweeteners and perfluoroalkyl acids in aquatic environment
Designed to accompany the new Open University course in Environmental Monitoring and Protection, this is one of four new titles which will equip the reader with the tools to undertake Environmental Impact Assessments (EIAs). Used in planning, decision-making and management, EIAs review both the theoretical principles and environmental considerations of engineering and environmental projects to help steer fundamental legislation in the right direction. This book begins with a discussion of the basics of the hydrological cycle and a description of the natural aquatic environment including the no.
Removal of chlorinated organic matter from wastewaters, chlorinated ground, and lake water by nitrifying fluidized-bed biomass
Guidelines for the safe use of wastewater, excreta and greywater in agriculture and aquaculture
The present ecological state of Sortavala Bay and its surrounding areas, Northern Lake Ladoga : a case study of the TACIS project MAQREL (TSPF/0302/0033)
Algal-available phosphorus originating from agriculture and municipalities
Hazardous substances in the Baltic Sea : an integrated thematic assessment of hazardous substances in the Baltic Sea : executive summary
