http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12268 agendas (church)
agendas (church)
Summaries in English.
The Routledge companion to the Christian church
Evangelical Lutheran worship : accompaniment edition: liturgies
Historical dictionary of radical Christianity
The manual from Notmark : Gl.kgl.Saml.3453,8
Worship renewal in the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland
A world survey of religion and the state
Historical theology : an introduction to the history of Christian thought
The Stockholm-Kassel book of hours : a reintegrated manuscript from the shop of Simon Bening
The Oxford handbook of early Christian studies
Vision and meaning in ninth-century Byzantium : image as exegesis in the homilies of Gregory of Nazianzus
A companion to common worship. Vol. 2
The book of common prayer : and administration of the sacraments and other rites and ceremonies of the church according to the use of the Church of England together with the Psalter or Psalms of David pointed as they are to be sung or said in churches; and the form and manner of making, ordaining, and consecrating of bishops, priests, and deacons
Suomen evankelis-luterilaisen kirkon kirkkokäsikirja III: Kirkollisten toimitusten kirja : The Agenda III: Occasional Services of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Finland
The liturgy in medieval England : a history
The Agpeya, being the Coptic Orthodox book of hours according to the present-day usage in the Church of Alexandria
Studying local churches : a handbook
We highly recommend the publication of this new Orthodox Handbook for Teaching Ecumenism edited by a group of orthodox theologians in collaboration with WCC/ETE Program, the Conference of European Churches, Volos Academy for Theological Studies in Greece, and Holy Cross Greek Orthodox School of Theology in Brookline, Massachusetts. This Handbook which is part of a broader ETE project of pub- lishing resource books for theological education and teaching ecumenism in different settings is in many ways a historic publication. While this Handbook is written by Orthodox authors and is addressed primarily to the Eastern Orthodox, I am sure that it will be useful also for a broader constituency, especially for those who are interested in Orthodox understanding of Church unity and want to learn more about how the Orthodox perceive and relate with the modern ecumenical movement and with other Christian traditions. Congratulating the editorial team, the ETE program and Volos Academy as well as the authors and all those who contributed at this Handbook, I express my confidence that it will be well received among Orthodox Churches and theological schools, that it will contribute significantly to deepen the dialogue within and between the orthodox churches and it will serve properly the purposes for which it was published. Olav Fykse Tveit, World Council of Churches, General Secretary
The sacramentary of Echternach (Paris, Bibliothèque nationale, MS. lat. 9433)
A book of services
Common worship : President's edition
New patterns for worship
Bilder i marginalen : nordiska studier i medeltidens konst = Images in the margins : Nordic studies in medieval art
The Oxford guide to the Book of common prayer : a worldwide survey
Scriptoria in medieval Saxony : St. Pancras in Hamersleben
Celebrating Common Prayer : the pocket version
A companion to common worship. Vol. 1
Common worship : services and prayers for the Church of England
Lutheran Book of Worship : accompaniment edition : liturgy
Why do we participate in the ecumenical movement? The answer is simple: because the mission and vision of the Church require it. The Church cannot escape its responsibility and opportunity to "give an answer to everyone, who asks us to give the reason for the hope that we have - and to do this with gentleness and respect." (1 Peter 3.15) As Orthodox Christians, we have no right to ignore the world around us; this world requires our presence and voice wherever it can be heard, precisely because the Church is the guardian of a universal truth, which we have no right to restrict or confine within our zones of comfort. In fact, we are called to proclaim the fullness of this truth precisely where we feel uncomfort- able. For this reason, we wholeheartedly welcome the publication of this Pan-Orthodox Handbook for teaching ecumenism. It is our fervent prayer that this volume will restore and revive the ecumenical vision among our Churches and especially among the younger generation, who are called to sustain and expand it in the years to come. BARTHOLOMEW, Archbishop of Constantinople-New Rome and Ecumenical Patriarch
Evangelical Lutheran worship
The Lay folks mass book or The manner of hearing mass, with rubrics and devotions for the people, in four texts, and offices in English according to the use of York
The Oxford handbook of church and state in the United States
The Slavonic languages
The Oxford handbook of the Trinity
Faith seeking understanding : an introduction to Christian theology
Revelations and translations. Vol. 3, Printer's manuscript of the Book of Mormon
Rite of Christian initiation of adults : approved for use in the dioceses of England and Wales, Scotland : the Roman ritual : revised by decree of the second Vatican ecumenical council and published by authority of Pope Paul VI
Prayers of the Eucharist : early and reformed : texts translated and edited with commentary
Evangelical Lutheran worship : accompaniment edition: service music and hymns
Holy Communion rites in the Polish and Lithuanian reformed agendas of the 16th and early 17th centuries
The sacred art of Russia from Ivan the Terrible to Peter the Great from the State Historical Museum, Moscow
In the beginning was the word : the power and glory of illuminated Bibles
On the apostolic tradition
Lutheran book of worship
Orthodox handbook on ecumenism : resources for theological education : "that they all may be one" (John 17:21)
A tract of Plutarch : on the advantage to be derived from one's enemies (de capienda ex inimicis utilitae) the Syriac version edited from a ms. on Mount Sinai
The Oxford handbook of eschatology
World Christianity in the twentieth century : a reader
Eternity today : on the liturgical year. Vol. 2, Sunday, Lent, the three days, the Easter season, ordinary time
The Celtic revival : the rediscovery of Ireland's past, 1830-1930 / Jeanne Sheehy
A companion to medieval art : Romanesque and Gothic in Northern Europe
Reading the articles in this Handbook about Orthodox theologians on ecumenism, one feels awe at the courage and decisiveness of these great figures who were able to overcome stereotypes and long established perceptions. With God's blessing these Orthodox theologians were able not only to lay foundational stones in the history of Orthodoxy, but also in the history of Ecumenism contributing to theological progress and a better mutual understanding between Churches inside and outside the Orthodox tradition. As a result of their theological work Orthodox theology has become a historic factor and transforming element in the ecumenical movement. This publication will support the ecumenical involvement of Orthodox students, scholars and theologians worldwide, but particularly in the Conference of European Churches, in order also to sustain the continuation of ecumenical collaboration in the work of Christian Advocacy in the European Institutions and beyond. Guy Liagre, Conference of European Churches, General Secretary
The Pentecostarion
The Holy Pascha : being the liturgies of the Holy Week of Pascha according to the current usage in The Church of Alexandria
Worshipping together
Common worship : pastoral services
Liturgy and literature in the making of Protestant England
The Cambridge companion to Orthodox Christian theology
The sacramentary of Ratoldus : Paris, Bibliothèque Nationale de France, Lat. 12052
The Alternative Service Book 1980 : services authorized for use in the Church of England in conjunction with The Book of Common Prayer, together with The Liturgical Psalter
Painted prayers : the book of hours in medieval and Renaissance art
The uses of script and print, 1300-1700
Lazarus Saturday and The Feast of the Entry of our Lord into Jerusalem
A history of liturgical books from the beginning to the thirteenth century
The secular liturgical office in late medieval England
Lutheran Book of Worship
Holy communion rites in the Polish and Lithuanian reformed agendas of the 16th and early 17th centuries
