http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12227 practical nurses
practical nurses
The ethic of care and its development
Near you
Care for life : englantia lähihoitajille
Practical nurses' work role and workplace ethos in an era of austerity
A second wind
The work of the nursing team in general practice
Due credit to home care : working life challenges
You changed my life : a memoir
Mosby's textbook for nursing assistants
Health and social services sector : national core curriculum in social and health care services and beauty care on the upper secondary level : vocational qualification in social and health care services, practical nurse, vocational qualification of dental laboratory assistant, vocational qualification of beauty therapist, vocational qualification of hairdresser
Hartman's nursing assistant care : long-term care
The purpose of the study was to describe the experiences of registered nurses working in the reception of primary health care about their own abilities of recognizing and broaching violence against women in relationships. We also included the necessity of further education to the study. The material was collected by using the methods of focused interview by interviewing two registered nurses in the reception of primary health care who have been working 9-22 years. The acquired materials were analyzed by inductive material-oriented analyzing method. Results show that registered nurses experience recognition and broaching of domestic violence challenging and difficult without physical signs. Registered nurses experience that they need more charges and education about domestic violence. The use of questionnaires about violence was seen useful. Experience of domestic violence issues were seen helpful and important. Based on the results there is a small amount of further education and it was needed. Different kind of questionnaires was seen useful for broaching. In the future there could be developed a thesis as a project about recognition and broaching of domestic violence. The thesis could be a guide book or an education day. It would be also interesting to study from children ́s perspectives the experiences of living in a violent family or the effects of registered nurse ́s own background and own experiences to broaching.
Get better : English for practical nurses
Nursing-related qualities, personality and work satisfaction : assistant nurses in a ten-year perspective
Expert : English for practical nurses : äänite
Expert : English for practical nurses
Nurse managers' leadership styles as part of leadership culture.
Social and health care services quality standards and criteria in the education of practical nurses : to serve as support material for self-evaluation
The ethic of care and its development : a longitudinal study among practical nursing, bachelor-degree social work and law enforcement students
Vocational qualification in social and health care : practical nurse
Internet as a trade union tool : WageIndicator and Finnish nurses as an example
