http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12264 military courts
military courts
Archbold international criminal courts : practice, procedure and evidence
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 21, The Special Court for Sierra Leone 2004-2006
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 9, The Special Court for Sierra Leone 2003-2004
Nazi conspiracy and aggression
Based on extensive archival research, this book offers the first historical examination of the arrest, trial, and punishment of the leaders of the SS-Einsatzgruppen - the mobile security and killing units employed by the Nazis in their racial war on the eastern front. Sent to the Soviet Union in the summer of 1941, four units of Einsatzgruppen along with reinforcements, murdered approximately one million Soviet civilians in open air shootings and in gas vans and, in 1947, twenty-four leaders of these units were indicted for crimes against humanity and war crimes for their part in the murders. In addition to a describing the legal proceedings, this book also examines recent historiographical trends and perpetrator paradigms and expounds on such contested issues as the timing and genesis of the Final Solution, the perpetrators' route to crime and their motivation for killing, as well as discussing the tensions between law and history.
International law and child soldiers: children in armed conflicts
African perspectives on international criminal justice
Rape in armed conflict : international criminal prohibitions and their enforcement
Universal jurisdiction : national courts and the prosecution of serious crimes under international law
Substantive and procedural aspects of international criminal law : the experience of international and national courts. Volume 2, Documents and cases
Justice at Nurenberg
Bringing justice closer : hybrid courts in post-conflict societies
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 38, The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia 2009
International criminal law
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 17, The International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda 2003-2004
International crimes and the ad hoc tribunals
Complementarity in the line of fire : the catalysing effect of the international criminal court in Uganda and Sudan
Nazi crimes and the law
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Volume 1, The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia 1993-1998
Crisis in the principle of universal jurisdiction : the Spanish courts' fight against impunity
Towards the end of impunity? Mens rea of genocide and ethnic cleansing in the case law of the Yugoslavia tribunal
Sexual violence in armed conflicts
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 7, The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yogoslavia 2001
The criminal responsibility of individuals for violations of international humanitarian law
Rwanda's Gacaca courts : between retribution and reparation
"The third volume in the series examines international criminal procedure as set out in the regulatory provisions and jurisprudence of the international criminal tribunals. It reviews in detail the key areas of international criminal procedure, including the relationship between the international tribunals and national jurisdictions, investigations, pre-trial and trial proceedings, the rules of evidence, representation of accused, the role and status of victims, judgments, and the appeals process. Moreover, the volume also considers the legal foundations and sources of this area of the law, the rule-making and amending powers of the international tribunals, and the structure of the administrative decision-making processes that impact upon crucial areas of the substantive law. In providing a thorough and critical overview of the mechanics of investigating and trying international crimes, International Criminal Procedure will complement the first two volumes in the series, and thus complete a comprehensive work on international criminal law"--
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 4, The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia 1999-2000
International criminal practice : the International criminal Tribunal for the former Yogoslavia, the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, the International Criminal Court, the Special Court for Sierra Leone, the East Timor Special Panel for Serious Crimes, war crimes prosecution in Kosovo
For the sake of example : capital courts-martial 1914-20
International law : being the collected papers of Hersch Lauterpacht. Volume 5 : Disputes, war and neutrality, parts IX-XIV
International criminal tribunals and victims of crime : a study of the status of victims before international criminal tribunals and of factors affecting this status
Overview of the historical importance of the Tokyo War Trial
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 18, The International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda 2004
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 32, The International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda November - December 2008
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 27, The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia 2005
The Nuremberg legacy : how the Nazi war crimes trials changed the course of history
International Criminal law : a critical introduction
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 29, The international Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia 2006
Deconstructing the reconstruction : human rights and the rule of law in postwar Bosnia and Herzegovina
The fight against impunity through universal jurisdiction and extradition : examples of Rwandan genocide trials
Sexual offenses in armed conflict & international law
Military tribunals
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Volume 3, The International Criminal Tribunal for the the former Yugoslavia 1997-1999
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 14, The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia 2003
"War" and the military courts : judicial interpretation of its meaning
The international criminal tribunal for Rwanda. Vol. 1
This book argues that accountability for extraordinary atrocity crimes should not uncritically adopt the methods and assumptions of ordinary liberal criminal law. Criminal punishment designed for common criminals is a response to mass atrocity and a device to promote justice in its aftermath. This book comes to this conclusion after reviewing the sentencing practices of international, national, and local courts and tribunals that punish atrocity perpetrators. Sentencing practices of these institutions fail to attain the goals that international criminal law ascribes to punishment, in particular retribution and deterrence. Fresh thinking is necessary to confront the collective nature of mass atrocity and the disturbing reality that individual membership in group-based killings is often not maladaptive or deviant behavior but, rather, adaptive or conformist behavior. This book turns to a modern, and adventurously pluralist, application of classical notions of cosmopolitanism to advance the frame of international criminal law to a broader construction of atrocity law and towards an interdisciplinary, contextual, and multicultural conception of justice.
International justice for former Yugoslavia : the working of the International Criminal Tribunal of the Hague
The ICC as a new instrument for repressing terrorism
Travesty : the trial of Slobodan Milošević and the corruption of international justice
International criminal law. Vol. 3, Enforcement
The trial proceedings of the International Criminal Court : ICTY and ICTR precedents
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 28, The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia 2005-2006
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 20, The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia 2004
Courting conflict : the Israeli military court system in the West Bank and Gaza
Peace without justice : hegemonic instability or international criminal law?
"Volume 3 of the International Criminal Law Practitioner Library completes the review of international criminal law begun in Volumes 1 and 2, which analyse the forms of responsibility and the elements of the core crimes. This volume reviews the procedural law and practices of the international criminal tribunals from investigation to trial, appeal, and punishment, and examines the framework within which the substantive law operates. The authors present a critical study of those procedures that are essential to effective investigations and fair trials, and explore how the ICC, ICTY, and ICTR - as well as the SCSL and other internationalised tribunals, where relevant - have shaped the evolution of international criminal procedure in order to meet new challenges and changing circumstances. The key jurisprudence and rule amendments up to 1 December 2009 have been surveyed, making this a highly relevant and timely work"--
International criminal law. Volume 3, Enforcement
Internationalized criminal courts and tribunals : Sierra Leone, East Timor, Kosovo, and Cambodia
The international criminal tribunal for Rwanda. Vol. 2
Law, war and crime : war crimes trials and the reinvention of international law
Archbold, international criminal courts : practice, procedure, and evidence
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 35, The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia 2007-2008
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 8, The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yogoslavia 2001-2002
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 19, The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia 2003-2004
International criminal law practitioner library. vol. 3, International criminal procedure
Justice for crimes against humanity
Atrocity, punishment, and international law
Genocide, crimes against humanity, war crimes : nullum crimen sine lege and the subject matter jurisdiction of the International Criminal Court
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 5, The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia 2000-2001
Prosecuting war crimes and genocide
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Volume 2, The International Criminal Tribunal for the Rwanda 1994-1999
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 25, The International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda 2006-2007 / André Klip and Göran Sluiter (eds.)
The rise and fall of war crimes trials : from Charles I to Bush II
An insider's guide to the international criminal tribunal for the former Yugoslavia : a documentary history and analysis
What the International Criminal Court should learn from International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda. From 1994-2002
International criminal law and human rights
The formation of the treaty law of non-international armed conflicts
This book examines the use of national and international law to prosecute Nazi crimes, the centerpiece of twentieth-century state-sponsored genocide and mass murder crimes, the paradigmatic instance of state-sponsored criminality and genocide in the twentieth century. In its various essays, the contributors reconstruct the historical historical setting of the crimes committed under the aegis of the Nazi regime and examine why postwar adjudication took place only within limits, within the national and international judicial forums responsible for prosecuting perpetrators. The topics discussed include the impact of the Nazi justice system on postwar justice, postwar legal proceedings against those who committed war crimes and genocide, the work of the Nuremberg tribunal and Allied trials, and judicial investigations and prosecutions in East Germany, West Germany, and Austria. They span the postwar period up to contemporary U.S. legal efforts to deport Nazi criminals within its borders and libel trials against Holocaust denials in London and Canadian courts and libel suits brought by Holocaust deniers in British and Canadian courts, and they reveal new perspectives on the present and future implications of these trials.
War crimes and laws of war
The Nuremberg SS-Einsatzgruppen trial, 1945-1958 : atrocity, law, and history
The travaux préparatoires of the crime aggression
Slobodan Milosevic on trial : a companion
The first German war crimes trial : chief judge Walter B. Beals' desk notebook of the doctors' trial held in Nuernberg, Germany, December 1945 to August 1947
Butcher's trail : how the search for Balkan war criminals became the world's most successful manhunt
The judiciary and politics in Pakistan : (a study)
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Volume XXXIV, The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia 2007
The crime of aggression in contemporary international law
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 31, The International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda 28 November 2007 - 30 November 2008
Unimaginable atrocities : justice, politics, and rights at the war crimes tribunals
The UN international criminal tribunals : the former Yugoslavia, Rwanda and Sierra Leone
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 15, The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia 2003
Man's inhumanity to man : essays on international law in honour of Antonio Cassese
Tampere 1918 : a town in the civil war
German yearbook of international law
Rape in armed conflict : International criminal prohibitions and their enforcement
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 13, Timor Leste : the special panels for serious crimes 2001-2003
Annotated leading cases of international criminal tribunals. Vol. 26, The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia 2004-2005
The legacy of the international criminal tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia
Crime, victims and justice : essays on principles and practice
Supranational criminal prosecution of sexual violence : the ICC and the practice of the ICTY and the ICTR
The International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia : an exercise in law, politics, and diplomacy
The Darfur case and the self contradicting character of genocidal intent
