http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12236 postmodernism
postmodernism
Difference/indifference : musings on postmodernism, Marcel Duchamp and John Cage
Anglo-American postmodernity : philosophical perspectives on science, religion and ethics
Transgressive fiction : the new satiric tradition
History and cultural theory
Criticism in the twilight zone : postmodern perspectives on literature and politics
Postmodernity
The fiction of postmodernity
Postmodern Business Ethics - Is It Possible, Is It Relevant?
Rethinking the rhetorical tradition : from Plato to postmodernism
Beyond the dream syndicate : Tony Conrad and the arts after Cage : (a "minor" history)
Teaching art in a postmodern world : theories, teacher reflections and interpretive frameworks
The spaces of postmodernity : readings in human geography
Heritage, collective and individual memory in Kate Atkinson's Behind the scenes at the museum
The LEGO architect
Animals and the limits of postmodernism
"When we first meet U., the narrator of SATIN ISLAND, he is sitting in the airport at Turin, caught in a delay caused by a rogue airplane. Like everyone else in the waiting area, he is sifting through airport pages on his laptop, and then through news sites, social pages, corridors of trivia...until he happens to stumble on information about an image on a famous shroud in Turin. The image itself isn't even visible on the shroud; it only emerged when some amateur photographer looked at the negative of a shot he'd taken and saw the figure--Christ's body supine after crucifixion. Only in the negative: the negative became a positive. A few decades later when the shroud was radiocarbon dated, it turned out to come from no later than the mid-thirteenth century. But that didn't trouble the believers. Things like that never do. A "corporate ethnographer," U. is tasked with writing the Great Report. Yet at every turn, U. finds himself overwhelmed by the ubiquity of data, lost in a buffer zone and wandering through a crowd of apparitions. Meanwhile, Madison, the woman he is seeing, becomes increasingly elusive, much like the particulars in the case of the recent, highly-publicized parachutist's death, with which U. is obsessed. He also develops a perverse interest in oil spills, spending great amounts of time watching loops of clean up videos. As U. begins to wonder if perhaps the Great Report will remain a shapeless, oozing plasma, his senses are reawakened by an ominous dream of an apocalyptic cityscape. SATIN ISLAND is a novel that captures the way we experience the world today, our efforts to find meaning, to stay awake, and discern the narratives we think of as our lives"--
After postmodernism : education, politics and identity
Reason, truth and self : the postmodern reconditioned
Images of postmodern society : social theory and contemporary cinema
Nodes of Contemporary Finnish Literature
Postmodernism and social inquiry
History of modern art : painting, sculpture, architecture, photography
Ethics and aesthetics : the moral turn of postmodernism
The Simpsons did it! : postmodernity in yellow
Future tense : a new art for the nineties
Modernist futures : innovation and inheritance in the contemporary novel
The postmodern challenge : perspectives East and West
Postmodern art education : an approach to curriculum
The life and times of post-modernity
The disappearance of objects : New York art and the rise of the postmodern city
Encyclopedia of postmodernism
The postmodern arts : an introductory reader / edited by: Nigel Wheale
"This study examines postmodern literature-- including works by Kurt Vonnegut, William Gaddis, Don DeLillo, Philip K. Dick, Ishmael Reed, and Thomas Pynchon --arguing that one of the formal logics of postmodern fiction is heterophonia: a pluralism of sound. The postmodern novel not only bears earwitness to a crucial period in American aural history, but it also offers a critique of the American soundscape by rebroadcasting extant technological discourses. Working chronologically through four audio transmission technologies of the twentieth century (the player piano, radio, television audio, and Muzak installations), St. Clair charts the tendency of ever-proliferating audio streams to become increasingly subsumed as background sound. The postmodern novel attends specifically to this background sound, warning that inattention to the increasingly complex sonic backdrop allows for ever more sophisticated techniques of aural manipulation--from advertising jingles to mood-altering ambient sound. Building upon interdisciplinary work from the emerging field of sound culture studies, this book ultimately contends that a complementary, yet seemingly contradictory double logic characterizes the postmodern novel's engagement with narratives of aural influence. On the one hand, such narratives echo and amplify postwar fiction's media anxiety; on the other hand, they allow print fiction to appropriate the techniques of aural media. This dialectical engagement with media aurality--this simultaneous impulse to repudiate and to utilize--is the central mechanism of the heterophonic novel."--Publisher's website.
Satin Island : a novel
Postmodernism for beginners
Julian Barnes : contemporary critical perspectives
The post-avant-garde : change, inluence and patterns of practice in Finnish painting of the 1980s
Uses LEGO models to explore Neoclassical, Art Deco, Brutalist, Modernist, and other architectural styles. Each chapter includes a discussion of the architectural movement, photographs of famous real-life buildings, and a gallery of LEGO models, with step-by-step building instructions / WorldCat.
Discourses : conversations in postmodern art and culture
Art in the postmodern era : from a Central European perspective
Contemporary continental philosophy : the new scepticism
Postmodernism across the ages : essays for a postmodernity that wasn't born yesterday
Postmodernism is an important part of the cultural landscape which continues to evolve, yet the ideas and theories surrounding the subject can be diverse and difficult to understand. Fifty Postmodern Thinkers critically examines the work of fifty of the most important theorists within the postmodern movement who have defined and shaped the field, bringing together their key ideas in an accessible format ... Each entry examines the thinkers' career, key contributions and theories and refers to their major works. -- Publisher's description.
Media culture : cultural studies, identity and politics between the modern and the postmodern
Philip Roth's postmodern American romance : critical essays on selected works
"Postmodern Literature and Race explores the question of how dramatic shifts in conceptions of race in the late twentieth and early twenty-first centuries have been addressed by writers at the cutting edge of equally dramatic transformations of literary form. An opening section engages with the broad question of how the geographical and political positioning of experimental writing informs its contribution to racial discourses, while later segments focus on central critical domains within this field: race and performativity, race and the contemporary nation, and postracial futures. With essays on a wide range of contemporary writers, including Bernadine Evaristo, Alasdair Grey, Jhumpa Lahiri, Andrea Levy, and Don DeLillo, this volume makes an important contribution to our understanding of the politics and aesthetics of contemporary writing"--
What is post-modernism
Public administration and the unspeakable : American postmodernism as an academic trail of the 1990s
Electronic poetry : understanding poetry in the digital environment
The contemporary art book
Contemporary literature and the end of the novel : creature, affect, form
The postmodernist critique of the project of enlightenment
Postmodern drama : contemporary playwrights in America and Britain
Imagining cities : scripts, signs, memory
Japanese encounters with postmodernity
Learning from experience : minority identities, multicultural struggles
The European Union and the Cyprus conflict : modern conflict, postmodern union
Phantom sentences : essays in linguistics and literature presented to Ann Banfield
Celebrating the other : a dialogic account of human nature
Postmodernism : critical concepts. Volume 4, Legal studies, psychoanalytic studies, visual arts and architecture
Literature of the global age : a critical study of transcultural narratives
Shadow of spirit : postmodernism and religion
Postmodernity: state and education
"This Companion explores the many ways in which the Gothic has dispersed in the twentieth and twenty-first centuries, and in particular how it has come to offer a focus for the tensions inherent in modernity. Fourteen essays by world-class experts show how the Gothic in numerous forms - including literature, film, television, and cyberspace - helps audiences both to distance themselves from and to deal with some of the key underlying problems of modern life. Topics discussed include the norms and shifting boundaries of sex and gender, the explosion of different forms of media and technology, the mixture of cultures across the western world, the problem of identity for the modern individual, what people continue to see as evil, and the very nature of modernity. Also including a chronology and guide to further reading, this volume offers a comprehensive account of the importance of Gothic to modern life and thought"--
Teaching the postmodern : fiction and theory
The resurgence of the real : body, nature, and place in a hypermodern world
A practical introduction to the main theories and methods of qualitative research for the health sciences is offered in this book. It covers the full range of conventional and new qualitative methods including ethnography, phenomenology, grounded theory, biography, action research, historical research, discourse analysis and postmodern, poststructuralist and femininst approaches to research. Carol Grbich shows that qualitative methods need to be followed just as rigorously as quantitative methods, providing examples drawn from various health fields. A practical introduction to the main theories and methods of qualitative research for the health sciences is offered in this book. It covers the full range of conventional and new qualitative methods including ethnography, phenomenology, grounded theory, biography, action research, historical research, discourse analysis and postmodern, poststructuralist and femininst approaches to research.
Texts, tasks, and theories : Versions and subversions in african literatures 3
The meaning of culture : moving the postmodern critique forward
"This text involves students in understanding and using the tools of critical social and literary theory from the first day of class. It is an ideal first introduction before students encounter more difficult readings from critical and postmodern perspectives. Nealon and Giroux describe key concepts and illuminate each with an engaging inquiry that asks students to consider deeper and deeper questions. Written in students' own idiom, and drawing its examples from the social world, literature, popular culture, and advertising, The Theory Toolbox offers students the language and opportunity to theorize. Updated throughout, the second edition of The Theory Toolbox includes a discussion of new media, as well as two new chapters on life and nature"--
Postmodern literature and race
Entering post-otaku : approaching the Internet era in the light of otaku
Postmodernism in the cinema
Postmodernism, literature and the future of theology
Knowledge and postmodernism in historical perspective
Power and politics in poststructuralist thought : new theories of the political
The Icon critical dictionary of postmodern thought
Romantic desire in (post)modern art and philosophy
Contemporary American literature : 1945-present
Rorty's humanistic pragmatism : philosophy democratized
Panic encyclopedia : the definitive guide to the postmodern scene
Zeitgeist in Babel : the postmodernist controversy / edited by: Ingeborg Hoesterey
Rewriting literary history : Peter Ackroyd and intertextuality
New worlds - new geographies
Idea of the postmodern : a history
Translating between Aristotle and postmodernism
The depth of the riches : a Trinitarian theology of religious ends
The books are true while reality is lying ..." Championing the popular Fantasy genre on the same terms as its readers, Rayment casts a critical eye over the substance and methods of political critique in the Fantasy novels of Terry Pratchett, Philip Pullman and China Miéville. Ranging across subjects as diverse as exquisite fundamentalism and revolutionary trains, encountering pervert-priests, dwarf hermaphrodites and sex-scarred lovers and pondering the homicidal tendencies of fairy tales and opera, Fantasy, Politics, Postmodernity develops a theoretically wide-ranging and illuminating account.
Derrida's critique of Fukuyama's claim that history "as we know it" has ended is highlighted as one of his most valuable contributions to the postmodern cultural debate. This book places Derrida's rejection of Fukuyama's claim within the context of a wider tradition of 'endist' thought.
Fictions Inc. : the corporation in postmodern fiction, film, and popular culture
Postmodern utopias and feminist fictions
Burning the box of beautiful things : the development of a postmodern sensibility
Post/modern Dracula : from Victorian themes to postmodern praxis
Postmodern characters : a study of characterization in British and American postmodern fiction
Universal abandon? : the politics of postmodernism
Why is that art? : aesthetics and criticism of contemporary art
Postmodernism, politics and art
The illusions of postmodernism
The New York trilogy
A world after climate change and culture-shift
The postmodern life cycle : challenges for church and theology
Postmodernism and law
Spirituality and society : postmodern visions
Under postcolonial eyes : figuring the "jew" in contemporary British writing
New approaches in social research
The academic postmodern and the rule of literature : a report on half-knowledge
The mourning after : attending the wake of postmodernism
The Renaissance and the postmodern : a study in comparative critical values
Manifestations of postmodernism in American literature
Signs of change : premodern, modern, postmodern
Landscapes of postmodernity : concepts and paradigms of critical theory
Postmodernism and society
American magic and dread : Don DeLillo's dialogue with culture
Feminism and postmodernism
After Marxism
The origins of postmodernity
Understanding Foucault
The lesbian postmodern
Durkheim and postmodern culture
Postmodernism and values
Adult education and the postmodern challenge : learning beyond the limits
Shattered selves : multiple personality in a postmodern world
Essays in postmodern culture
Independence and involvement : an actor-perspective on building intercultural local societies in a globalised, postmodern world
The Cambridge companion to postmodernism
Just postmodernism
The dismemberment of Orpheus : toward a postmodern literature
Postmodernism : ICA documents / ed. by Lisa Appignanesi
The postmodern arts : an introductory reader
Being a university
God - the world's future : systematic theology for a new era
City of saints and madmen
On the road to Baghdad or traveling biculturalism : theorizing a bicultural approach to contemporary world fiction
The cultural turn : selected writings on the Postmodern, 1983-1998
Contemporary art : the essential guide to 200 groundbreaking artists
Navigating through the storm : reinventing education for postmodern democracies
Postmodernism : critical concepts. Volume 1, Foundational essays
"Worries over global economics aside, even representations of "American" corporations demonstrate that America's preoccupation with the virtues and vices of capitalism has been ongoing and, moreover, responsive to its particular historical context. For all their power, influence, and pervasiveness, however, corporations also make themselves into visible, material, and substantial targets for an ever-changing system driven by unseen and immaterial capital. And while the corporate imagination is bent upon finding new ways to accumulate capital and convince consumers to purchase more and more, our own imaginations are not so easily bound so long as they remain focused on conceiving of other possible lives and other possible worlds to this one, and, in the end, fostering the common commitment and the willingness to bring them about" --
"While rumors of the imminent death of the novel are everywhere, this book shows how some of our most significant twenty-first century writers mobilize the idea of the end of the novel to reimagine the ethics and politics of literature. Writers like J.M. Coetzee, Teju Cole, and Tom McCarthy disturb the emotional scenarios through which the novel form traditionally operates in order to figure unregimented forms of life and affect. Contemporary Literature and the End of the Novel combines intense discussions of key contemporary works and of theories of the novel with original interventions in current critical and theoretical debates--about affect, the anthropocene, biopolitics, cosmopolitanism, and about the forms and functions of fiction after 9/11 and after postmodernism"--
Postmodernism : critical concepts. Volume 3, Disciplinary texts : humanities and social sciences
Japanese modern architecture 1920-2015 : developments and dialogues
This book aims to systematically tackle the most severe crisis to ever beset Western education systems, which stems from the growing clash between the Platonic-modern civilization - still very much at the core of prevailing education systems - and the postmodern civilization which has become dominant in Western societies in the last generations. The book counters this crisis by radically and systematically rethinking education for postmodern democracies, beginning by comprehensively analyzing the main features of current postmodern "storms" along with their engulfing socio-cultural and educational implications, and proceeding to offer a theoretical and practical blueprint designed to harness these storms for optimally realizing the basic Humanistic values that should guide education in liberal democracies: personal autonomy, morality and dialogical belonging. A terrific book. Aharon Aviram's trenchant critique of massive educational failure in postmodern democracies is combined with a hopeful agenda for radical educational change. Educational practices no longer prepare individuals to become effective co-creators of their own futures, and educational establishments are undergoing irrelevant reforms. Aharon Aviram analyzes this state of affairs and presents a set of thought-provoking and fresh proposals for an alternative that deserve the serious consideration of all who truly wish to re-envision learning and education for the 21st Century.
The postmodern moment : a handbook of contemporary innovation in the arts
What the body cost : desire, history, and performance
Reflections on meta-reality : transcendence, emancipation and everyday life
Russian postmodernism : new perspectives on post-Soviet culture
The poverty of postmodernism
Decentring leisure : rethinking leisure theory
Teaching toward the 24th century : Star Trek as social curriculum
Postmodernist culture : an introduction to theories of the contemporary
Fifty key postmodern thinkers
Dead or alive
In defense of history : Marxism and the postmodern agenda
Angels & franciscans : innovative architecture from Los Angeles and San Francisco
This volume of essays examines a realm as yet untouched in literary and cultural criticism and gender theory; a specifically lesbian postmodern. The essays trace, on the one hand, how some lesbian cultural theory and production foregrounds a politics of difference and marginality and thereby critiques the dominance of patriarchal and heterosexual hegemony through a variety of postmodern strategies and techniques. on the other hand, some essays note how a postmodern aesthetic, with its valorization of difference, sexual plurality, and gender blurring, assists lesbian cultural production. In the opening section, contributors scrutinize the shifting definitions of the terms lesbian and postmodern and explore the potential, as well as the danger, engendered by this new conceptual territory. Subsequent essays turn toward literary and visual representation and popular culture to discern how a lesbian postmodern might enable an interventionist or transformative politics.
Critical education in the new information age
The language of post-modern architecture
Postmodern art in Korea : from 1985 on
Postmodern cities and spaces
What's left of Enlightenment? : a postmodern question
Postmodernism and the New Enlightenment
The Fontana postmodernism reader
Kurt Vonnegut's crusade, or, How a postmodern harlequin preached a new kind of humanism
Sound and aural media in postmodern literature : novel listening
A poetics of postmodernism : history, theory, fiction
Rethinking cultural marginality in the postmodern age : dialogical ambivalence of the multicultural self
An analysis of the Catholic Charismatic Renewal. Describes the movement's internal diversity and traces its development and expansion across 30 years. Offers insights into the contemporary nature of rationality, the transformation of space and time in Charismatic daily life, gender discipline, the blurring of boundaries between ritual and everyday life, the sense of community forged through shared ritual participation, and the creativity of language and metaphor in prophetic utterance. Charisma, Csordas proposes, is a collective self-process, located not in the personality of a leader, but in the rhetorical resources mobilized by participants in ritual performance. His examination of ritual language and ritual performance illuminates this theory in relation to the postmodern condition of culture.
The anti-aesthetic : essays on postmodern culture
The theory toolbox : critical concepts for the humanities, arts, and social sciences
Writing the Yugoslav wars : literature, postmodernism, and the ethics of representation
There is no single idea of the university. Ever since its medieval origin, the concept of the university has continued to change. The metaphysical university gave way successively to the scientific university, and then to the corporate and the entrepreneurial university. But what might lie ahead? Being a University charts and critiques this conceptual development and examines the future possibilities for the idea of the university. Ronald Barnett pursues this quest through an exploration of pairs of contending concepts that speak to the idea of the university - such as space and time; being and becoming; and culture and anarchy. On this foundation is developed an imaginative exposition of possible ideas of the university, including the liquid university and the authentic university.
Relativism, alternate history, and the forgetful reader : reading science fiction and historiography
Ekphrastic conceptualism in postmodern British and American novels : Don DeLillo, Paul Auster and Tom McCarthy
Fantasy, politics, postmodernity : Pratchett, Pullman, Miéville and stories of the eye
Introducing postmodernism
Postmodern plagiarisms : cultural agenda and aesthetic strategies of appropriation in US-American literature (1970-2010)
Religion without belief : contemporary allegory and the search for postmodern faith
David Mitchell : critical essays
Fifty key contemporary thinkers from structuralism to postmodernity
Routledge companion to postmodernism
The Routledge companion to postmodernism
The Cambridge companion to the modern gothic
Avant-pop : fiction for a daydream nation
After postmodernism : reconstructing ideology critique
Language, charisma, and creativity : ritual life in the Catholic charismatic renewal
Derrida and the end of history
Postmodernism : a very short introduction
Postmodernism and continental philosophy
"This critical text examines eight novels from eight cultures. The writers discussed are Julian Barnes, Magda Szabo, Abraham B. Yehoshua, Ian McEwan, W.G. Sebald, Murakami Haruki, Jonathan Safran Foer, and Azar Nafisi. Focusing on the authors' encouragement to meditate on life's most pressing issues, the essays here invite us to reevaluate postmodernism as a current category"--Provided by publisher.
The truth about postmodernism
Living and active : Scripture in the economy of salvation
Before ethics
