http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12326 zoology
zoology
Nick Baker's bug book : discover the world of mini-beasts!
Game theory and animal behavior
The land and wild-life of Eurasia
The living world
Abstract.
Effect of micronutrients on tailchasin in dogs
Female reproductive tactics in the common goldeneye
Fine lines : Vladimir Nabokov's scientific art
De partibus animalium 1 and De generatione animalium 1 (with passages from 2. 1-3)
Records of the Zoological Survey of India
Extracts from letters addressed to Professor Henslow : read at a meeting of the Cambridge Philosophical society 16 November, 1835
A text-book of zoology. Vol. 1
Journal of dairy science
Inside living animals
Bibliography of Indian zoology
The armoured marine tardigrades : (Arthrotardigrada, Tardigrada)
Belgian journal of zoology
Journal of zoology
Van Nostrand's scientific encyclopedia. Vol. 2
The book of barely imagined beings
On stylopisation of Araenopids
The Fauna and Geography of the Maldive and Laccadive Archipelagos
Endoscopy of the gastrointestinal tract : when is it really indicated
Bulletin of the British Museum, Natural History. Zoology. Suppl
Temminckia
World Conferens of Malacology 2013 : book of abstracts, Ponta Delgada, São Miguel, Açores July 22-28, 2013
Life at stake when playing hide and seek : concealing effects of prey colouration and visual backgrounds
The works of Aristotle. Vol. 4, Historia animalium
Recent developments in spatial methods and data in biogeographical distribution modelling - advantages and pitfalls
Phylogenetic systematics
Textbook of general zoology
Pakistan journal of zoology : supplement series
The invertebrates : a synthesis
Van Nostrand's scientific encyclopedia. Vol. 1
Symposia of the Zoological Society of London
GATA factors regulate inner ear development and midbrain neurogenesis
African animals ABC
The great naturalists explore South America
The diagnostic accuracy of the plastic glove test for diagnosis of sand enteropathy in the horse
Zoological journal of the Linnean Society
Birds of Katanga
Living earth
Agricultural zoology for students in Africa
The works of Aristotle. Vol. 5, De partibus animalium; De motu and De incessu animalium; De generatione animalium
Ungulate cheek teeth : developmental, functional, and evolutionary interrelations
On the regulation of postprandial gastrointestinal blood flow in teleost fish
Arthropod relationships
Integrated principles of zoology
The book of Indian animals
Biology, ecology and anthropogenic threats of Indo-Pacific bottlenose dolphins in east Africa
Feeding : form, function, and evolution in tetrapod vertebrates
Catalogue of names of fishes molluscs and crustaceans of commercial importance in the Mediterranean
Great Basin naturalist memoirs
Dutch Brazil. Volume 3, The pictures in the Hoflössnitz "Weinbergschlösschen"
Neuropeptides and GABA in control of insulin producing cells in Drosophila
A naturalist on Rona : essays of a biologist in isolation
Sea of Cortez : a leisurely journal of travel and research: with a scientific appendix comprising materials for a source book on the marine animals of the Panamic faunal province
Zoology in early modern culture : intersections of science, theology, philology, and political and religious education
Lexicon of the zoologye : English - French - Arabic = Lexique de zoologie
Journal of animal morphology and physiology
The effect of acupuncutre on chronic pain in dogs suffering from hip dysplasia and osteoarthritis : subjective assessments
Call of Nature : the secret life of dung
Romanian journal of biology. Zoology
Biostatistics for animal science : an introductory text
Animal, vegetable, mineral? : how eighteenth-century science disrupted the natural order
Zoology
Canine pancreatitis : from clinical suspicion to diagnosis and treatment
Thinhorn sheep evolution and behaviour
Contributions to the archaeology of the Illinois River Valley
Elements of zoology
Italian journal of zoology
The elephant in the Greek and Roman world
Bulletin of the Museum of Comparative Zoology
Animal diversity
Jalla : bulletin of the Finnish Expert group on Hemiptera
Transcriptional regulation of endothelial lipase and the role of VEGF-A in lipid metabolism
Just the right size : why big animals are big and little animals are little
Cryptozoology A to Z : the encyclopedia of Loch monsters, sasquatch, chupacabras and other authentic mysteries of nature
Illustrations of the zoology of the royal Indian marine survey ship Investigator. Fishes
Functions of AHR-1 and CYP-35A subfamily genes in Caenorhabditis elegans
Elsevier's dictionary of zoology and general biology : Russian-English and English-Russian
Animal life of Europe : the naturalist's reference book
Animal biodiversity and conservation
Smithsonian contributions to zoology
The anatomy of Callimico goeldii (Thomas) : a primitive American primate
Invertebrates
A great success : the first meeting of the Nordic Veterinary Management association
Fifty animals that changed the course of history
Patterns of growth and development in the genus Homo
The Hunters
An illustrated guide to veterinary medical terminology
The annual general meeting of the Federation of Veterinarians of Europe held in Lisbon on 28-29 May 1998.
Game theory & animal behavior
The biology of the cryptic fauna of forests with special reference to the indigenous forests of South Africa
Ambrosian fragments of an illuminated manuscript containing the zoology of al-Ǧāḥiẓ : twenty-four facsimile plates
Biodistribution studies in small animal models using pre-clinical SPECT/CT imaging
Esophageal diseases : diagnostic and therapeutic approach
Optimization of the current breeding scheme for blue fox
Insect Protein Production - Possibilities in Finland
Babblers, biogeography and Bayesian reasoning
Twilight of the mammoths : ice age extinctions and the rewilding of America
Bishop Museum bulletin in zoology
Sokoine University of Agriculture, Facultry of Veterinary Medicine
The objective of the study was to analyze how farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness contribute to profitability of farming. A structural equation model of these two elements of management capacity and financial performance was applied on survey data and bookkeeping results from 117 dairy farms. The model explained one-fourth of the varying profitability of sample farms. The results show that farmers' managerial thinking is connected to farm profitability, but management process effectiveness is not. It was concluded that it is essential for good performance that the farmer has a clear vision of developing farming with business and investment plans. Successful farmers also have a firm confidence in their managerial skills, a strong emphasis on instrumental and intrinsic values, and a high appreciation of farming as occupation. They also see the farm as an entrepreneurial business unit and intend to follow the corresponding principles of management.
The molecular mechanisms and evolutionary significance of plumage colour variation in pied flycatchers (Ficedula hypoleuca)
Geometry in nature : exploring the morphology of the natural world through projective geometry
Field and laboratory exercises in animal behavior
Statistics for veterinary and animal science
South African journal of zoology : official journal of the Zoological Society of Southern Africa
Dansk zoologisk bibliografi = Danish zoological bibliography. 1907-1945
Instant notes [in] Developmental biology
A bibliography of birds : with special reference to anatomy, behavior, biochemistry, embryology, pathology, physiology, genetics, ecology, aviculture, economic ornithology, poultry culture, evolution and related subjects
Proceedings of the symposium on Pacific-Antarctic sciences : papers presented at the 11th Pacific Science Congress held at the University of Tokyo, Tokyo, Japan, August 23-27, 1966
Ptyctimous mites (Acari: Oribatida) of South Africa
Zoology in the Middle East
Stem cell chimerism in the germ cell lineage? : a polymorphic marker study
Veterinary Ireland journal
Laboratory techniques in zoology
Raffles bulletin of zoology
A hand-book to the marsupialia and monotremata
Sex on earth : a celebration of animal reproduction
Geography has a long tradition in studies of geographical distribution of flora and fauna. Detailed mappings of the distributions of biota over wide regions can produce highly valuable biogeographical data, but are extremely laborious. These challenges in biogeographical mapping, as well as the need for mitigation tools for the adverse impacts of human disturbance on the landscape and biodiversity, have stimulated the development of new approaches for assessing biogeographical patterns. Particularly, the ability to model distribution patterns of organisms and habitat types has recently increased along with the theoretical and methodological development of biogeography and spatial ecology, and modern spatial techniques and extensive data sets (provided e.g., by earth observation techniques). However, geographical data have characteristics which produce statistical problems and uncertainties in these modelling studies: 1) the data are almost always multivariate and intercorrelated, 2) the data are often spatially autocorrelated, and 3) biogeographical distribution patterns are affected by different factors operating on different spatial and temporal scales. Especially remote sensing and geographic information data provide powerful means for studies of environmental change, but also include pitfalls and may generate biased results. Quantitative analysis and modelling with correct and strict use of spatial statistics should also receive more attention. The issues discussed in this paper can have relevance in several fields of application of geographical data.
Farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness as factors of financial success on Finnish dairy farms
Journal of entomological and acarological research
African invertebrates : a journal of biodiversity research
Bulletin of the National Museum of Nature and Science. Ser. A, Zoology
World of wildlife : the North. 6, Rare animals of the wild regions
Ethnozoology of the Tewa Indians
Proceedings of the Japanese Society of Systematic Zoology
The connection between on-farm assessed welfare (A-index) and production parameters of the sows
A text-book of zoology. Vol. 2
Call of nature : the secret life of dung
Cat sense : the feline enigma revealed
The birds of Japan
Preparing for highly pathogenic avian influenza
A composite view to the past : a methodological integration of zooarchaeology and archaeological geophysics at the Magdalenian site of Verberie le Buisson-Campin
Men and pandas
Genetic and functional studies of genes involved in the pathogenesis of Alzheimer's disease
The encyclopedia of animals : a complete visual guide
Life-history consequences of host plant choice in the comma butterfly
Bulletin of fish biology + Mitteilungen der Gesellschaft für Ichthyologie
12 super-strong animals you need to know
Molecular phylogeny of tyrant flycatchers, cotingas, manakins and their allies (Aves: Tyrannida)
The effects of eutrophication on alternative reproductive tactics in threespine stickleback
"Journey through the digestive systems of humans, farm and wild animals, and meet some of nature’s ultimate recyclers as they eat, breed in and compete for dung. The fall of bodily waste onto the ground is the start of a race against the clock as a multitude of dung-feeders and scavengers consume this rich food source. From the enigmatic dung-rolling beetles to bat guano and giant elephant droppings, dung creates a miniature ecosystem to be explored by the aspiring dung watcher. The author completes the book with an identification guide to dung itself, so that you can identify the animal that left it behind. Pellets or pats? Scats, spraints, frass, guano, spoor – learn your way around different species’ droppings. There’s also a dung-feeder’s identification guide that includes the species you’re most likely to encounter on an exploration of the dung heap."
Bones : the unity of form and function
Integrative and comparative biology
Veterinary and animal ethics : proceedings of the fist international conference on veterinary animal ethics, September 2011
The effects of supplementary feeding and weather factors on the breeding success of Osprey, Pandion haliaetus, in Finland
Differential regulation of c-FLIP isoforms through post-translational modifications
Tubificids with trifid chaetae : morphology and phylogeny of Heterodrilus (Clitellata, Annelida)
Memoirs of the Zoological Survey of India
A source book in animal biology
Birds in our lives
Zoological research in western Hungary: a history
The biology of hemichordata and protochordata
Proceedings of the Zoological Society
International journal of animal sciences
The Scientific American book of projects for the amateur scientist
Classification of mammals above the species level
Brief candle in the dark : my life in science
Sexual conflicts and mating strategies in the polygynous lapwing  Vanellus vanellus
Latrodecta : Beobachtungen und Berichte über Spinnentiere, Insekten, Tausendfüßer, geschützte Tiere und Pflanzen, Gifttiere, Tiergifte, Tierhaltung und Zucht ; organ of the Laboratory of Arachnology, Institute of Zoology, National Academy of the Republic of Kazakhstan and Company "Fauna" Ltd. ; Mitteilungsblatt der Latrodectus-Arbeitsgruppe
Dawkins shares with us his infectious sense of wonder at the natural world, his enjoyment of the absurdities of human interaction, and his bracing awareness of life's brevity: all of which have made a deep imprint on our culture.
Testacea Atlantica, or the land and freshwater shells of the Azores, Madeiras, Salvages, Canaries, Cap Verdes, and Saint Helena
Canine biliary tract diseases : how to reveal and treat them
A dictionary of zoology
Zoological papers in honour of his 65th birthday, November 20th, 1956
