http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12398 Spanish language
Spanish language
Spanish for dummies
301 Spanish verbs fully conjugated in all the tenses
Reduced constructions in Spanish
Spanish grammar for dummies
Asi somos los espanoles : Spanish skills for advanced students
Spanish : the complete course 1B
Learn Spanish. vol.1 : introduction to Spanish
Recruitment and engagement research for a language school
Streetwise Spanish : speak and understand everyday Spanish
Essential Spanish phrases
Scholars have most often concentrated on the retention and upkeep of native languages along with the trend in assimilation to American society and the dominant English language. Seldom have we studied other languages that are spoken and maintained by the immigrant communities. This paper examines new data available through the Minnesota Population Center and the newly developed Integrated Public Use Microdata Series (IPUMS) data base. By analyzing past and current U.S. Census data, distinct trends in languages spoken at home are encountered helping us project changes to come in years ahead. Questions of dominant languages across the United States reveal that Spanish speaking Nordic Americans are increasing at high rates. Regional clustering of Spanish speakers and surprising fi ndings as to the rank of each national language within each ethnic group are investigated. These findings are significant in helping us gain a better understanding of the changing linguistic practices of each Nordic group.
Oxford children's spanish - english visual dictionary
Get talking Spanish : audio course
Colloquial Spanish : the complete course for beginners
Spanish : complete course
The ultimate Spanish review and practice : mastering Spanish grammar for confident communication
Customer Satisfaction Research: Euro-Lingua Language School
Tell me more: Spanish: beginner
A tagmenic analysis of Mexican Spanish clauses
A new reference grammar of modern Spanish
Pasos Spanish : practical grammar
Spanish
Modern Spanish grammar : a practical guide
Rapid Spanish. Vol. 1, 200+ essential words and phrases anchored into your long-term memory with great music
Start-up Spanish
Collins Spanish-English, English-Spanish dictionary : unabridged = Collins diccionario espanol-inglés, inglés-espanol
Concise Spanish dictionary : Spanish-English and English-Spanish
Complete talk Spanish
Phonetics and diction in Singing : Italian, French, Spanish, German
A manual of colloquial Spanish
My first 100 Spanish words
Say it right in Spanish: easily pronounced language systems
The complete book of Spanish. Grades 1-3
Play and learn Spanish
Spanish phrase book & dictionary
Spanish : complete language pack : learn in just 15 minutes a day
Latin American Spanish : CD-pack with phrase book
Speak Spanish with confidence
Say it right in Spanish : [the fastest way to correct pronunciation]
Perfect your Spanish
Spanish travel pack
Latin American Spanish phrase book
Spanish in a click
Dirty Spanish : everyday slang from "What's up?" to "F*%# off!"
Cuentitos simpaticos : A graded reader for advanced beginning students
Spanish visual phrase book & CD
Acción gramática! : a new Spanish grammar
Collins diccionario inglés = Collins Spanish dictionary
Espanol uño : start speaking Spanish quickly and easily for home, school, work, travel and recreation
The syntax of Spanish
Brush up your Spanish : (Refresque usted su español)
Spanish : CD-pack with phrase book
Lexical loans from Spanish into the Romanian language spoken within the Romanian communities in Spain
Destination Spanish
Essential Spanish grammar
A brief history of the Spanish language
Oxford take off in Spanish
Colloquial Spanish of Latin America. 2, The next step in language learning
Spanish All-in-One for dummies
D!irty Spanish workbook : 101 fun exercises filled with slang, sex and swearing
Rapid Spanish. Vol. 2, 200+ essential words and phrases anchored into your long-term memory with great music
Collins very first Spanish dictionary
New reference grammar of modern Spanish
Essential Spanish vocabulary
Collins Spanish verbs & practice
The complete book of starter Spanish. Preschool - 1
Living Spanish : a grammar-based course
A Frequency Dictionary of Spanish: Core vocabulary for learners : core vocabulary for learners
Habla Español? : the growing number of Spanish speaking Nordic Americans
Spanish-English pocket dictionary = Diccionario de bolsillo Español-Inglés
Take off in Spanish
Teach yourself Spanish : a complete course in understanding, speaking and writing
Spanish phrasebook & dictionary
Exacto! : a practical guide to Spanish grammar
Spanish club : fun, active learning. Book 1
Spanish-English dictionary = Diccionario español-inglés
Essential Spanish verbs
Business spanish
Spanish for your Trip
The everything learning spanish book : speak, write, and understand spanish in no time
Talking business Spanish : resource and assesment file
Spanish for beginners
Spoken Spanish : basic course : for colleges and the armed forces
Latin American Spanish phrase book & dictionary
Spoken and written Spanish : a course for beginners
Collins Spanish grammar & practice
Vamos a escoger! : a selection of Spanish multiple-choice tests
Pronominal subjects in Peninsular Spanish and European Portuguese : semantics, pragmatics, and formulaic sequences
Spanish. Stage 1
Collins Spanish-English, English-Spanish dictionary : unabridged = Collins diccionario espanol-inglés, inglés-espan ol
Brilliant Spanish : all you need to speak and understand spanish
Complete Spanish
Spanish : the complete course 1A
Speaking Chileno : a guide to Spanish from Chile
Spanish : guaranteed to get you talking
New basic Spanish
Spanish. Stage 2
A history of the Spanish language
Uno dos tres : my first Spanish rhymes
Last-minutes Spanish
Spanish : the next step in language learning
Learn in your car : Spanish : the complete language course
Latin American Spanish phrasebook
