http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1238 Charadriiformes
Charadriiformes
Shorebird migration and staging at a large prairie lake and wetland complex : the Quill Lakes, Saskatchewan
Dynamics, genetic structure and viability of a small and declining Temminck's stint (Calidris temminckii) population
Field guide to the waders of Europe, Asia and North America
The flexible phenotype : a body-centred integration of ecology, physiology, and behaviour
Distribution, status and population trends in the Temminck's Stint Calidris temminckii in the Finnisch Bothnian Bay
Seabirds of the world : photographic handbook
Bear flies high
The timing of arrival and departure of the Spotted Redshank, Tringa erythropus in Finland
Behavior of marine animals : current perspectives in research. Vol. 5, Shorebirds : breeding behavior and populations
Eggshell thickness in eleven sea and shore bird species of the Bothnian Bay
Vihreä Helsinki = The green spaces of Helsinki
Atlas of Nearctic shorebirds on the coast of Mexico
A colour guide to familiar sea and coastal birds
On the causes of aggresive nest defence in waders, and some of its implications on their breeding biology
Iconografia degli uccelli d'Italia = Iconography of Italian birds. Vol. 3, Gruiformes, Charadriiformes, Pterocliformes, Columbiformes, Cuculiformes, Strigiformes, Caprimulgiformes, Apodiformes, Coraciiformes, Piciformes
The sea-thing child
Many waders are in decline, and the number of endangered species and populations is increasing. Their protection and management requires knowledge of both ecological and genetic state of the populations. In this thesis, I studied the distribution-wide genetic variation, structure and phylogeography of the Temminck's Stint (Calidris temminckii) and Terek Sandpiper (Xenus cinereus) using microsatellites and sequence data from the mitochondrial control region and cytochrome oxidase I gene. I compared these regionally endangered species to other waders with varying evolutionary histories, breeding systems and habitat preferences to examine the levels of genetic variation and structure at different spatial scales. In addition, I studied the genetic structure of the endangered Baltic population of the Southern Dunlin (Calidris alpina schinzii) with microsatellites. I used genetic information in all three study species to determine units for conservation.The Temminck's Stint and Terek Sandpiper, both not restricted to the Arctic, had low distribution-wide structuring. They also had quite low levels of variation when compared to other species breeding at similar latitudes, indicating reductions in population sizes during past climate changes. Especially the peripheral breeding populations were differentiated and showed signs of inbreeding and genetic drift when compared to the main range. The Temminck's Stint populations at the Bothnian Bay and Yakutia, and Terek Sandpiper populations in Finland and Belarus, should be treated as separate management units. The broader interspecific comparison of waders suggests that habitat availability, mating system and the extent of philopatry may affect the genetic composition of species.The genetic analyses of the Southern Dunlin indicated strong effects of philopatry and inbreeding throughout the range. Local subpopulations at the Bothnian Bay and in Sweden need to be considered as separate management units. Management efforts at the Baltic should be focused on increasing connectivity and providing large enough breeding habitats for potential immigrants and recruits.
Wetland birds : habitat resources and conservation implications
Read up on reed!
Bird communities of the open shores of Valaam Islands
Shorebirds of the northern hemisphere
Shorebirds : an illustrated behavioural ecology
Birds of the Keweenaw Peninsula, Michigan
Status and population trends of the razorbill in eastern North America
The colonial waterbirds of Great Slave Lake, Northwest Territories : an annotated atlas
Drawing and painting the seashore
Male incubation in Northern Lapwings: effects on egg temperature and potential benefits to females
The 1991 international piping plover census in Canada
Shorebird ecology, conservation, and management
The shorebird guide
A colour guide to familiar marshland and freshwater birds
The abundance and distribution of estuarine birds in the Strait of Georgia, British Columbia
Phylogeography and conservation genetics of waders
The ecology, status, and conservation of marine and shoreline birds of the Queen Charlotte Islands
Rails : a guide to the rails, crakes, gallinules and coots of the world
Population ecology and management of waders breeding on coastal meadows
Wetland use by waterbirds that winter in coastal Texas
Behavior of marine animals : current perspectives in research. Vol. 6, Shorebirds : migration and foraging behavior
An atlas of wader populations in Africa and Western Eurasia
Conservation of habitats and species on wetlands : a case of Liminganlahti LIFE Nature-project in Finland
On the causes of aggresive nest defence in waders and some of its implications on their breeding biology
Habitat selection, reproductive success and population dynamics in lapwings (Vanellus vanellus) and dunlins (Calidris alpina)
