http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12381 tonality
tonality
Tonality and atonality in sixteenth-century music
Writing and analysis workbook to accompany The complete musician : an integrated approach to tonal theory, analysis, and listening
Prolongation in early post-tonal music : analytical examples and theoretical principles
Music theory in concept and practice
Tonal syntax in the first movement of Sibelius's sixth symphony
Tonality and transformation
Tonal music : twelve analytic studies
Intervallic strategies of tonal focusing in melodies
Theory of Harmony
Tonal dynamics and metrical structures in jazz improvisation
The second practice of nineteenth-century tonality
Thesaurus of scales and melodic patterns
A psychoacoustic model of harmonic cadences
Music theory : a syllabus for teacher and student. Volume 1
The modes of classical vocal polyphony : described according to the sources
Indian melodies for violin = Mélodies indiennes pour violon = Indische Melodien für Violine
Tonal theory for the digital age
A geometry of music : harmony and counterpoint in the extended common practice
On the sensations of tone as a physiological basis for the theory of music
Tonal allegory in the vocal music of J. S. Bach
MIRtoolbox : version 1.6.1
Mathematical and computational modeling of tonality : theory and applications
New tonality
Student workbook to accompany Analysis of tonal music : a Schenkerian approach
Prolongation in early post-tonal music : analytical examples and theoretical priciples
Aspects of Schenkerian theory
Tonal space in the music of Antonio Vivaldi
The Berlioz style
Harmony and tonality : papers given at a seminar organized by the Music Acoustics Committee of the Royal Swedish Academy of Music
Instructor's manual for Introduction to Schenkerian analysis
Early twentieth-century music
A generative theory of tonal music
Harmonic practice in tonal music
Representing the tonality of musical sequences using neural nets
Music analysis in theory and practice
Indian melodies for alto saxophone : Styles / techniques / ornamentation
Analysis of tonal music : a Schenkerian approach
Music since the First World War
Aural Perception of Tonality in Avant Garde Music and its relationship to..
Francois-Joseph Fetis and the theory of tonalite
Harmony and voice leading
Music and drama in six Beethoven overtures : interaction between programmatic tensions and tonal structure
Tonality in music : a general theory
Hugo Wolf's Lieder and extensions of tonality
Harmonia
Harmony and voice leading. Workbook 2
The languages of western tonality
Jazz theory resources : tonal, harmonic, melodic, & rhythmic organization of jazz. vol. 1
Harmony
The rhytms of tonal music
Genesis of a music : an account of a creative work, its roots and its fulfillment
The complete musician : an integrated approach to tonal theory, analysis, and listening
Theory of suspensions : a study of metrical and pitch relations in tonal music
Tonal pitch space
Materials and techniques of post-tonal music
Harmony & voice leading
On the theory and technique of contemporary music
Performance practices in early 20th century piano music
Pitch-class constellations : studies in the perception of tonal centricity
Tonality in Western culture : a critical and historical perspective
Harmony and voice leading. Workbook 1
A dance of polar opposites : the continuing transformation of our musical language
SchenkerGUIDE : a brief handbook and website for Schenkerian analysis
Tonality in Swedish : rules and a list of minimal pairs
Tonalityguide.com
Tonal consciousness and the medieval West
Towards pop chord space : harmonic hierarchy in popular music
Conventional wisdom : the content of musical form
Tonality and atonality in 16th-century music
Tonicity and the tritone : Beyond the rarity issue
Ambiguity and variety of colours : keys and modes in Sibelius's chamber music
The dissolution of the functional harmonic tonal system : 1850-1910
Chromaticism / Non-diatonic scales : How to play outside the stated tonality
Structural functions in music
Jazz theory resources : tonal, harmonic, melodic, & rhythmic organization of jazz. vol. 2
Workbook in tonal analysis : questions and answers
Ligeti's stylistic crisis : transformation in his musical style 1974-1985
Tonal syntax in the first movement of Sibelius's sixth symphony. Vol.2, Foreground, middleground, and background graphs
Studies on the origin of harmonic tonality
Modus novus : lärobok i fritonal melodiläsning = Lehrbuch in freitonaler Melodielesung = studies in reading atonal melodies
TONALITY AND MUSICAL STRUCTURE
Materials and techniques of twentieth-century music
Tonality and musical structure
Tonal structures in early music
Most listeners prefer tonal music to atonal music, but what exactly is the difference between them? In this groundbreaking work, author Dmitri Tymoczko identifies five basic musical features that jointly contribute to the sense of tonality, and shows how these features recur throughout the history of Western music. Tymoczko creates for the reader a new framework for thinking about music, one that emphasizes the commonalities among styles from Medieval polyphony to contemporary jazz. A Geometry of Music provides an accessible introduction to Tymoczko's revolutionary geometrical approach to music theory. The book shows how to construct simple diagrams representing the relationships among familiar chords and scales. This gives readers the tools to translate between the musical and visual realms, revealing surprising degrees of structure in otherwise hard-to-understand pieces. Tymoczko uses these theoretical ideas to retell the history of Western music from the eleventh century to the present day. Arguing that traditional histories focus too narrowly on the common practice period from 1680-1850, he proposes instead that Western music comprises an extended common practice stretching from the late middle ages to the present. Using analysis to make his argument clear, he discusses a host of familiar pieces by Bach, Mozart, Chopin, Debussy, Stravinsky, Shostakovich, Miles Davis, Bill Evans, and others. A Geometry of Music is accessible to a range of readers, from undergraduate music majors to scientists and mathematicians with an interest in music. Defining its terms along the way, it presupposes no special mathematical background and only a basic familiarity with Western music theory. The book also contains exercises designed to reinforce and extend readers' understanding, along with a series of appendices that explore the technical details of this exciting new theory.
Music in transition : a study of tonal expansion and atonality, 1900-1920
Skills and musicianship workbook to accompany The complete musician : an integrated approach to tonal theory, analysis, and listening
Music and the representational content of experience
Composition, chromaticism and the developmental process : a new theory of tonality
