http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12349 Community Law (EU)
Community Law (EU)
E.C. competition law handbook
Die Dynamik des Europäischen Gemeinschaftsrechts = The dynamics of EC-law : die Auslegung des Europäischen Gemeinschaftsrechts im Lichte nachfolgender Praxis der Mitgliedstaaten und der EG-Organe
The house that the court built : the retained powers case law of the European Court of Justice and the constitutional structure of the Union
European law in interpretation of national law
Metamorphosis of functionalism - or back to basics?
Competition law in the European Communities. Volume 2A, Rules applicable to state aid : Situation at 30 June 1998.
A casebook on European consumer law
Basic Community laws
Chart showing signatures and ratifications of conventions and agreements concluded within the Council of Europe = Etat des signatures et des ratifications des conventions et accords conclus au sein du Conseil de l'Europe
Case Billerud and the proportionality of the EU ETS excess emissions penalty
Leading cases and materials on the law of the European communities
The role of the European Court of Justice (ECJ) in the interpretation of uniform law among the member states of the European Communities (EC) : a contribution to an international congress of UNIDROIT on "Uniform Law in Practice" held in Rome, 7-10 September 1987
Amsterdam European Council : draft treaty Brussels, June 1997 : Intergovernmental Conference
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Union. Volume 2B, Notice to applicants, Medicinal products for human use, Presentation and content of the dossier
Yearbook of European environmental law. Vol. 2
Problem of the parallel enforcement system in European leniency and the effects of the United States
The study group on a european civil code
Lincoln's Inn Lectures on European Law and Human Rights
New governance and the EU courts : the experimentalist architecture of judicial decision-making
The new intergovernmentalism : states and supranational actors in the post-maastricht era
European food law
Law : A-level study guide
The legislative process of the European Parliament : what does the parliament represent?
Corporate tax harmonisation in Europe : a guide to the debate
JUSletter : EEC law weekly newsletter
The yearbook of European environmental law. Vol. 3
Creating a European Economic Space : legal aspects of EC-EFTA relations
Locus standi of third parties in competition, merger, anti-dumping and state aid issues
Economics of European Union law
Insurance in private international law : a European perspective
Action for annulment within Article 263(4) TFEU after the Treaty of Lisbon : "not as black as one is painted"
Competition between credit rating agencies from a European Union Competition Law perspective
Social security law of the European Communities
Property law perspectives. III
Legal aspects of the Single European Market : a working guide to 1992
Law and integration in the European Union
Protection of legitimate expectations in EC law deriving from an international agreement prior to its entry into force : the Opel Austria decision of the Court of first instance
Combination of personal data and the data protection reform in the European law
Christos Rozakis served the European Court and the former Commission of Human Rights for twenty-four years, first as a member of the Commission and later as a judge and Vice-President of the Court. On the occasion of his retirement, his colleagues, friends and collaborators wish to express their affection for him and honour his exceptional contribution to the construction of a European system for the protection of human rights.--Résumé de l'éditeur.
Strategic environmental assessment legislation and procedures in the Community : final report. Vol. 2
Fortentwicklung des Rechtsschutzes in der Europäischen Gemeinschaft = Perspectives for the development of judicial protection in the European community = Perspectives de développement de la protection juridictionnelle dans la Communauté européenne : Beiträge zu einem internationalen Kolloquium des Europäischen Hochschulinstituts am 30./31. Oktober 1986 in Florenz
The yearbook of European environmental law. Vol. 5
Consistent denials of review of EU rules in light of the Aarhus Convention by the CJEU : is the EU a laggard in ensuring compatibility with its international obligations?
The law of information technology in Europe 1992 : a comparison with the USA
Nordic exclusive rights in the field of spirits in European Community Competition Law
Whistleblowing : need for harmonization on the European Union level?
The sanction of nullity in the context of private enforcement of EU Competition Law : characteristics, application and consequences of Article 101(2) TFEU
Directory of EU case law on the preliminary ruling procedure
Who is steering the ship and which constellation guides the way? : exploring transparency in the European Central Bank during the time of crisis
50 years of the European treaties : looking back and thinking forward
The yearbook of European environmental law. Vol. 6
European Union law
Understanding state aid policy in the European Community
The proposed financial transaction tax : extraterritorial effect, tax evasion and other legal problems facing the proposal
An introduction to the law of the European Economic Community
UEFA's homegrown player rule in the light of EU law
Transfrontier television in Europe : the human rights dimension = La télévision transfrontière en Europe dans la perspective des droits de lh́omme
La Convention européenne des droits de l'homme : un instrument vivant : mélanges en l'honneur de Christos L. Rozakis = The European Convention on Human Rights : a living instrument : essays in honour of Christos L. Rozakis
Aspects of European integration : a view of the European Community and the Nordic countries
Law of European Union
The rigt to be forgotten : a conceptual analysis of the right to be forgotten, and its practical implications in the context of search engines
Compulsory licensing of standard-essential patents and injuctive relief as abuse of dominant position in violation of Article 102 TFEU
”Content is not available in your country” : is geo-blocking compatible with the internal market?
Third International Conference on European Union Environmental Law : Helsinki, May 7-8th 1998.
Opting into the common European Sales Law : how to opt-into, or opt-into at all, in B2C contracts?
Principles, definitions and model rules of European private law : Draft Common Frame of Reference (DCFR). Volume 6
Liability of intermediary service providers in the EU : Johanna Tuohino
Cooperation in common foreign and security policy within the European Union according to the Constitutional Treaty
The Cambridge yearbook of European legal studies. Vol. 14, 2011-2012
A business guide to European Community legislation
Law of the European communities. Vol. 2
The yearbook of European environmental law. Vol. 4
Strategic environmental assessment legislation and procedures in the Community : final report. Vol. 1
Legal protection of individuals in the European communities. Vol. 1, The individual and community law
The principle of proportionality in European law : a comparative study
Summary.
Beyond legal structure : division of competence between home and host states in the prudential supervision of significant credit institution branches in the EU
European Community law : text and materials
Basic community cases
The independence of the European Commission in the legislative process of the Communities
The liberalization of services in the internal market of the EU : the functions, contents and effects of the directive on services
Journal of European tort law
The European company statute : a new approach to corporate goverance
Copyright of literary works in EU law
Beyond the thin red lines : entering the territory of the European Union
Structure and dimensions of European community policy
European community law in Ireland
European Union : tax treaties of the Central and Eastern European countries
Speakers ́notes from the briefing day on EEC competition and dumping policies on 21st March 1986 : briefing day report : briefing day held in Helsinki, Finland 21st March 1986
Green public procurement and eco-labels
The Treaty of Lisbon and the future of European law and policy
Blackstone's EC legislation
Parental and successor liability in EU competition law infringements
The future of secured credit in Europe
European business law review
Law of the European Union
Legal protection of individuals in the European communities. Vol. 2, Remedies and procedures
EU’s Public Procurement Directives and access to justice in Finland : the challenges of process efficiency and wide sphere of appeal
EU law concentrate
Understanding governmental legislative capacity : harmonization of EU legislation in Lithuania and Romania
International journal of constitutional law 2-3/2005
Bar : European community law and human rights : textbook
Law of the European communities. Vol. 1
The concept of a restriction on the free movement of capital in direct taxation
Advancing theory in labour law and industrial relations in a global context : proceedings of the colloquium, Amsterdam, 18-19 April 1996
Constitutional functions and constitutional problems of international economic law : international and domestic foreign trade law and foreign trade policy in the United States, the European Community and Swizerland
Transformation and integration : Polish - Swedish perspectives
Oligopolistic dominance in EC competition law
Europe today : state of European integration 1982-1983
The euro in law and practice
European law and new health technologies
An Introduction to European law
Economics and the enforcement of european competition law
The market definiton in the assessment of abuse of a dominant position in the EC competition law
Steps towards more effective antitrust system in EU : Damages Directive's effect on victim's right to compensation for antitrust harm
Piercing the corporate veil
Current issues in European and international law
The Cambridge yearbook of European legal studies. Volume 17, 2015.
Introduction to the defence policy of the European Union and the changes introduced by the signed treaty establishing the Constitution for Europe
Invalid directive : the legal authority of a union act requiring law making
The evolution of EU law
Role of law in European integration : in search of a European identity
States, Markets, the Finance Lobby and the European Union Savings Tax Directive
Limitations of the EU law on free movement of goods from the environmental protection point of view
Corporations in private international law : a European perspective
Journal of European Competition Law & Practice
European union law
Common market law review
Principles, definitions and model rules of European private law : Draft Common Frame of Reference (DCFR). Volume 4
The positive declaratory action in Finnish patent disputes : a detrimental burden on the national patent enforcement regime?
Dispute avoidance and European contract law : dealing with divergence
Joint selling of football broadcasting rights in Europe, a friend or foe of the principle of Fair Play?
Principles, definitions and model rules of European private law : Draft Common Frame of Reference (DCFR). Volume 2
Regulating motor vehicle distribution in EC competition law
WTO trade instruments in EU law : commercial policy instruments: dumping, subsidies, safeguards, public procurement
EEC financial services cases from Common Market law reports. Vol. 2, Insurance
US and European approaches to the patentability of human DNA : who moves and who follows?
The rise of comparative law : a challenge for legal education in Europe
Analysis of regulating horizontal agreements in EC Competition Law
Principles, definitions and model rules of European private law : Draft Common Frame of Reference (DCFR). Volume 5
European constitution : cases and materials in EU and member states' law
Leading cases and materials on the competition law of the European Communities
The Economic and Monetary Union of the European Union : a success or a failure as a system
European tax law
Integration through law : Europe and the American federal experience. Vol. 5, The legal integration of energy markets
Principles, definitions and model rules of European private law : Draft Common Frame of Reference (DCFR). Volume 3
250 MCQ on Europe and European Policy
A guide to European Community law
The treaty of Amsterdam : challenges and solutions
In search for the European solidarity : the rule of law within the European Union in the framework of constitutional pluralism
European family law : casebook
Development of judicial control of the European Communities
The Council Regulation on insolvency proceedings as an instrument in the field of judicial co-operation in civil and commercial matters in the European Union
Copyright in multimedia : papers from the Aslib conference held on 18 & 19 July 1995.
Motor vehicle distribution under Block Exemption Regulation 1400/2002 and Finnish Contracts Act : focus on qualitative features
