http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12352 Early Middle Ages
Early Middle Ages
The fathers and beyond : church fathers between ancient and medieval thought
The Visio Pauli and the gnostic Apocalypse of Paul
Freyr's offspring : rulers and religion in ancient Svea society
The une 'e[th]el' and scribal writing habits in the Beowulf MS.
Genghis Khan : the man who conquered the world
Struggle for empire : kingship and conflict under Louis the German, 817-876
The Crusades and the Near East : Cultural Histories
Nota bene : reading classics and writing melodies in the early Middle Ages
Kings of the North Sea, AD 250-850
The History of the Church of Abingdon is one of the most valuable local histories produced in the twelfth century. It provides a wealth of information about, and great insight into, the legal, economic, and ecclesiastical affairs of a major monastery. Charters and narrative combine to provide a vital resource for historians. The present edition, unlike its victorian predecessor, is based on the earliest manuscript of the text. A modern English translation is provided on facing pages, together with extensive introductory material and historical notes.
Innocent III's De miseria as a gloss on the Man of Law's Prologue and Tale
Historia Ecclesie Abbendonensis = The history of the Church of Abingdon
Framing the early Middle Ages : Europe and the Mediterranean 400-800
Related worlds : studies in Jewish and Arab ancient and early medieval history
Everyday life in Anglo-Saxon, Viking and Norman times
England and Rome in the early Middle Ages : pilgrimage, art, and politics
Gods and Settlers is an interdisciplinary study that brings together iconography, literature, history, and religious studies to investigate a unique subset of this sculptural corpus: stone monuments with mythological and heroic iconography of Scandinavian origins. These carvings are particularly interesting because of the ecclesiastical roots of stone sculpture as a mode of artistic expression in England and the undoubtedly Christian context of the majority of the surviving monuments. The first half of the book is a detailed survey of the relevant carvings from northern England and a wide range of textual and visual parallels, together with an investigation of the sources and use of individual heroic and mythological characters and motifs. The second half focuses on the intellectual framework and social context of the artefacts, and presents a new view of these sculptures as cultural documents of the conversion of the Scandinavian settlers of northern England.
The early middle ages
The new Cambridge medieval history. Vol. 1, c.500 - c.700
"Early Korea is dedicated to developing the fields of early Korean history and archaeology in the English language. The present volume consists of six scholarly works by specialists active in these fields. Three studies focus on the topic of recent advances in historical archaeology on the Korean peninsula and adjacent regions and how this is changing the ways historians understand the history of the earliest states on the peninsula. Another study surveys the origins and development of ceramic traditions in Korea based on recently recovered archaeological data. Finally, two studies discuss the practice of heritage management in Korea, focusing on rescue archaeology and heritage protection."--BOOK JACKET.
The birth of Western economy : economic aspects of the dark ages
Fiction and history in England, 1066-1200
Marking a departure in our understanding of Christian views of the afterlife from 250 to 650 CE, The Ransom of the Soul explores a revolutionary shift in thinking about the fate of the soul that occurred around the time of Rome's fall. Peter Brown describes how this shift transformed the church's institutional relationship to money and set the stage for its domination of medieval society in the West. Early Christian doctrine held that the living and the dead, as equally sinful beings, needed each other in order to achieve redemption. The devotional intercessions of the living could tip the balance between heaven and hell for the deceased. In the third century, money began to play a decisive role in these practices, as wealthy Christians took ever more elaborate steps to protect their own souls and the souls of their loved ones in the afterlife. They secured privileged burial sites and made lavish donations to churches. By the seventh century, Europe was dotted with richly endowed monasteries and funerary chapels displaying in marble splendor the Christian devotion of the wealthy dead. In response to the growing influence of money, church doctrine concerning the afterlife evolved from speculation to firm reality, and personal wealth in the pursuit of redemption led to extraordinary feats of architecture and acts of generosity. But it also prompted stormy debates about money's proper use -- debates that resonated through the centuries and kept alive the fundamental question of how heaven and earth could be joined by human agency.
The Samhan period in Korean history
Early Medieval mortuary practices
The Sutton Hoo ship burial : a handbook
Burial in early medieval England and Wales
The community, the family and the saint : patterns of power in early medieval Europe : selected proceedings of the International Medieval Congress, University of Leeds, 4-7 July 1994, 10-13 July 1995
Every inch a king : comparative studies on kings and kingship in the ancient and medieval worlds
Frankland : the Franks and the world of the early middle ages : essays in honour of Dame Jinty Nelson
Religion and philosophy in the Platonic and Neoplatonic traditions : from Antiquity to the early Medieval period
The Christianisation of Latin metre : a study of Bede's De arte metrica
A guide to early Irish law
Early medieval art
The life of Saint Benedict
War and warfare in late antiquity
Reconsidering early Korean history through archaeology
Life and economy at early medieval Flixborough, c. AD 600-1000 : the artefact evidence
Ansgar, Rimbert, and the forged foundations of Hamburg-Bremen
Early Christian art and architecture : an introduction
Legal practice and the written word in the early middle ages : Frankish formulae, c. 500-1000
The material culture of daily living in the Anglo-Saxon world
A new history of Ireland. 1, Prehistoric and early Ireland
Kingdoms of the Empire : the integration of barbarians in late Antiquity
The conversion of Britain : religion, politics, and society in Britain, c. 600-800
An atlas of Anglo-Saxon and Norman coin finds, c. 973-1086
Writing power in Anglo-Saxon England : texts, hierarchies, economies
Sheaths and scabbards in England AD 400-1100
Anglo-Saxon art to A. D. 900
The ransom of the soul : afterlife and wealth in early western Christianity
Everyday life in Roman and Anglo-Saxon times : including Viking and Norman times
The Edinburgh history of the Greeks, c. 500 to 1050 : the early middle ages
The Munich computus: text and translation : Irish computistics between Isidore of Seville and the Venerable Bede and its reception in Carolingian times
From Caledonia to Pictland : Scotland to 795
Arheologiâ meri : k predystorii Severo-Vostocnoj Rusi = The archaeology of the merya : the early history of north-eastern Russia
East Central & Eastern Europe in the Early Middle Ages
The Vāmana-Purāṇa. Part 2
Dark Age Bodies reconstructs the gender ideology of monastic masculinity through an investigation of early medieval readings of the body and its parts. It brings together scholarship in architectural history and cultural anthropology to frame an important reconsideration of Carolingian culture.
The apocalypse in the early Middle Ages
The Jews of Khazaria
Epic lives and monasticism in the Middle Ages, 800-1050
The Viking-age rune-stones : custom and commemoration in early medieval Scandinavia
From Attila to Charlemagne : arts of the early medieval period in the Metropolitan Museum of Art
Early medieval Northumbria : kingdoms and communities, AD 450-1100
The beginnings of Christian art
The Staffordshire hoard
Music of the middle ages I
Grammar and grammarians in the early Middle Ages
The making and unmaking of a saint : hagiography and memory in the cult of Gerald of Aurillac
Studies in early medieval coinage. Vol. 1, Two decades of discovery
Introduction to early medieval Western Europe, 300-900 : the sword, the plough and the book
St. Augustine is not only the bridge that links ancient philosophy and early Christian theology with the thought of the Middle Ages, but one who, in his philosophy and especially in his epistemology, anticipated some of the most important ideas of Descartes and Malbranche, Berkeley and Kant. In this study of the central aspect of St. Augustine's thought, the author analyzes the various facets of his theory of knowledge and offers a new interpretation of his idea of divine illumination. St. Augustine's views on skepticism and truth, on faith and reason, and on sense perception and cogitation are first examined in order to show their relation to this theory of divine illumination as the ultimate source of truth for man. The proper understanding of the theory of illumination, of how man apprehends the divine ideas, is the most difficult problem in St. Augustine's epistemology, for he did not formulate any systematic theory of knowledge. Any account of the Augustinian epistemology, Mr. Nash believes, must resolve three paradoxes: how the intellect is both passive and active; how the forms are distinct from - and not distinct from - the human mind; and how man's mind is and is not the light that makes knowledge possible. In explaining the nature of divine illumination, Nash discusses four interpretations that have been advanced; the Thomist (which he rejects as not faithful to St. Augustine's general philosophy), the Franciscan, the Formalist, and the Ontologist. He argues here for a modified Ontologist view. In his synthesis of Christian theology and Neoplatonic philosophy, St. Augustine held that all creation partakes of truth in varying degrees, that man as the highest part of creation, created in God's image and thus sharing to some degree the divine nature, is able to know truth through the divine light and the light of his own mind. In attempting to find an answer to the perennial problem of knowledge, St. Augustine, Nash suggests, was struggling to find a theory that would combine the benefits of conceptualism and realism, and his answer was more modern than many have given him credit for. Ronald Nash is widely regarded as one of the premier evangelical philosophers in the world. He is professor of philosophy at Southern Baptist Theological Seminary in Louisville, Kentucky. He has taught at a number of other colleges and seminaries, including Western Kentucky University and Reformed Theological Seminary. The author of more than 35 books on philosophy, theology and economics, Dr. Nash is in constant demand as a speaker throughout the world. --Publisher's description.
Introduction to the problem of individuation in the early Middle Ages
Land and power : studies in Italian and European social history, 400-1200
The Goths
Problems and possibilities of early medieval charters
The light of the mind : St. Augustine's theory of knowledge
Sengoídelc : Old Irish for beginners
Early Celtic Christianity
Some English decorated metal objects found in Norwegian Viking graves : contributions to the art history of the eighth century A. D.
The vikings in Ireland
The medieval world : 300-1300
Dark age bodies : gender and monastic practice in the early medieval West
Irish art in the early Christian period
Literacy and identity in early medieval Ireland
Landscape and change in early medieval Italy : chestnuts, economy, and culture
An age of saints? : power, conflict, and dissent in early medieval Christianity
The viking-age rune-stones : custom and commemoration in early medieval Scandinavia
Byrhtferth of Ramsey was one of the most learned scholars of late Anglo-Saxon England, and his two saints' Lives-of Oswald, a powerful bishop of Worcester and York in the tenth century, and Ecgwine, the seventh-century founder of Evesham-are among the most important historical sources for our understanding of late Anglo-Saxon England.
The early mediæval hoard from Zawada Lanckoronska (Upper Vistula river)
Early medieval Spain : unity in diversity, 400-1000
Families of the king : writing identity in the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle
Migration art A.D. 300-800
Trade relations between Russia and Northern Fennoskandia in the early Medieval Times
Environment, society and landscape in early medieval England : time and topography
The barbarian's beverage : a history of beer in ancient Europe
Early medieval philosophy (480-1150) : an introduction
Abortion in the early middle ages, c. 500-900
Meknowt'iwn Araraçoc' = Commentary on Genesis
Rural and urban aspects of early medieval northwest Europe
Byzantium and the North : Acta Byzantina Fennica. Vol. 8
The pottery and summary and synthesis
Irish art in the early Christian period (to 800 A.D.)
Griechische Texte. 10, Greek papyri of the Byzantine period
Acquired or inherited prestige? : molecular studies of family structures and local horses in Central Svealand during the Early Medieval period
Saints and sinners in Early Christian Ireland : moral theology in the lives of saints Brigit and Columba
The sixth century : production, distribution, and demand
Settlement and land use in Micheldever Hundred, Hampshire, 700-1100
Three South Etrurian churches, Santa Cornelia, Santa Rufina and San Liberato
Ways of approaching knowledge in late antiquity and the early Middle Ages : schools and scholarship
Forbidden oracles? : The Gospel of the Lots of Mary
Kingship and consent in Anglo-Saxon England, 871-978 : assemblies and the state in the early Middle Ages
Ritual memory : the apocryphal Acts and liturgical commemoration in the early medieval West (c. 500-1215)
The half-line feond on fraetewum (Beowulf 962a)
Goodbye to the Vikings? : re-reading early medieval archaeology
Borup ad 700 - 1400 : a deserted settlement and its fields in South Zealand, Denmark
Suutarinniemi : the late Iron Age/Early Medieval cemetery of Ii (northern Ostrobothnia, Finland) : [notes and news]
Damascius' Problems and solutions concerning first principles
Insignis Sophiae Arcator : essays in honour of Michael W. Herren on his 65th birthday
'From Caledonia to Pictland' examines the transformation of Iron Age northern Britain into a land of Christian kingdoms, long before 'Scotland' came into existence.
English society in the Early Middle Ages (1066-1307)
Gods and settlers : the iconography of Norse mythology in Anglo-Scandinavian sculpture
Past convictions : the penance of Louis the Pious and the decline of the Carolingians
Adomnán of Iona : theologian, lawmaker, peacemaker
Early medieval religion
The writings of king Alfred d. 901
The Danelaw
The transition to late antiquity : on the Danube and beyond
The lives of St Oswald and St Ecgwine
The Forum hoard of Anglo-Aaxon coins = Il ripostiglio dell'Atrium Vestae nel Foro romano
The footprints of Michael the Archangel : the formation and diffusion of a saintly cult, c. 300-c. 800
Northwest Europe in the early Middle Ages, c. AD 600-1150 : a comparative archaeology
Seeing the invisible in late antiquity and the early Middle Ages : papers from "Verbal and pictorial imaging: representing and accessing experience of the invisible, 400-1000" : (Utrecht, 11-13 December 2003)
State and society in middle and late Silla
The book of pontiffs (Liber Pontificalis) : the ancient biographies of the first ninety Roman bishops to AD 715
Form and order in the Anglo-Saxon world, AD 600-1100
The making of England : Anglo-Saxon art and culture AD 600-900
The wealth of Anglo-Saxon England
The Northern World : The history and heritage of Northern Europe AD 400 - 1100
A catalogue of the anglo-saxon ornamental metalwork 700-1100 : in the department of antiquities, Ashmolean Museum
The half-line bega folces (Beowulf, 1124A)
Ansgar and Rimbert, ninth-century bishops and missionaries to Denmark and Sweden, are fixtures of medieval ecclesiastical history. By revising our understanding of Carolingian northeastern expansion after Charlemagne, this title provides fresh insight into the political and ecclesiastical history of early medieval Europe.
Lagore Crannog : an Irish royal residence of the 7th to 10th centuries A.D
Edgar, King of the English, 959-975 : new interpretations
Politics and power in early medieval Europe : Alsace and the Frankish Realm, 600-1000
Political Economy of Bronze- and Iron Age Societies in the Eastern Coast of the Bothnian Bay ca. 1500 BC-AD 1300
Strategies of distinction : the construction of ethnic communities, 300-800
Direct and indirect clues : Exeter Riddle no. 74 reconsidered
The continental Saxons from the migration period to the tenth century : an ethnographic perspective
Perceptions of the past in the Early Middle Ages
Early medieval art : Carolingian - Ottonian - Romanesque
Late Saxon and Viking art
One of the people, alone among the people : yurodivye as a Russian cultural phenomenon
This volume traces the social, economic and political history of the Greeks between 500 and 1050. The book adopts an interdisciplinary approach and uses archaeological evidence, as well as coins and seals, fiscal documents, medieval chronicles, and hagiographic literature to examine the development of Greek culture in the early medieval period. Several themes provide the foundation for this volume and run through the chapters; these include the Balkan context, the Social Role of the Army and the Onset of Economic Growth. Special attention is paid to the size of the economy in early medieval Greece. Both the social and the economic are privileged and analyzed together as integrally connected spheres of life, thus filling a major gap in existing literature on this period.
The Hamwic glass
Central Asian textiles and their contexts in the early Middle Ages
The economic history of European Jews : late antiquity and early Middle Ages
Death and violence in Old and Middle English literature
An account of the ways wealth was accumulated and the forms it took in Anglo-Saxon England, with emphasis on recent developments in the study of Anglo-Saxon coins and Domesday Book, and some of their surprising results.
Methuen's history of medieval and modern Europe. 1, A history of early medieval Europe : from 476 to 911
Text, image, interpretation : studies in Anglo-Saxon literature and its insular context in honour of Éamonn Ó Carragáin
