http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12347 international law
international law
Is all fair in law and war : the legality of collateral damage in targeted killings with drones : discussion particularly in the context of CIA drone attacks in Pakistan
Carriage of goods by sea
Transcending jurisprudence : a critique of the architectonics of international law
Public international law : current bibliography
The Iranian threat to close the Strait of Hormuz : a violation of international law
The Australian year book of international law : includes Australian practise in international law for the years 1990 to 1991
International law under pressure : continued relevance in times of hardship
A modern introduction to international law
The frontiers of international law
Defining rape : emerging obligations for states under international law?
Indigenous peoples' rights, minority group rights and international human rights law
Five masters of international law : conversations with R-J Dubuy, E Jiménez de Aréchaga, R Jennings, L Henkin and O Schachter
Public international law
Global democracy and exclusion
A new liability regime for the space sector : an economic imperative
Principles of public international law
Genocide in Rwanda : is it really Finland's concern?
A normative EU policy towards China : mission impossible?
Africa and the development of international law
International business : the new realities
The future of the international legal order. 3, Conflict management
The right to be a part of nature : indigenous peoples and the environment
The future control of food : a guide to international negotiations and rules on intellectual property, biodiversity and food security
European Union law for international business : an introduction
New governance in context : evaluating the EU biofuels regime
The future of the international legal order. 2, Wealth and resources
ILO convention no. 169 in a Nordic context with comparative analysis :   an interdisciplinary approach
Digest of international law
International harmonization of economic regulation
The strategy of world order. 2, International law
International law : chiefly as interpreted and applied by the United States. Vol. 1-3
Illegality of actions of the Russian Federation with regard to the vessel Arctic Sunrise
The law of nations : cases, documents and notes
The Baltic Sea gas pipeline : can we manage it sustainably?. Expert article 375.
The International Law Commission
Illusion of incoherence : the right to access to medicines, WTO medicines decision and TRIPS-Plus measures
The dialectic of understanding progress in arctic governance
Employment relationship : a comparative overview
Simplification of the European Enforcement Procedure
New horizons in international law
CISG and unification of international trade law
Survey of international arbitrations 1794-1970
Commercial law and practice
Encyclopedia of public international law. Vol. 3, Jan Mayen to Pueblo incident
On Carl Schmitt's reading of Hobbes : lessons for constitutionalism in international law?
Potentials : design in the field : new discourse on craft development 1-2
Creating an integrated society and recognising differences : the role and limits of human rights, with special reference to Europe
The law of nations : an introduction to the international law of peace
Counterfeit Products in International Business
The codification of international law with particular reference to the work of the International Law Commission (I.L.C.) of the United Nations
Kyoto Protocol Flexibility Mechanisms and the Changing Role of Sovereign States
General principles of law and the international legal order
Introduction to international law
New ways to respond to climate change in the Arctic
Towards international responsibility of transnational corporations
Legal issues arising out of Corfu Channel case of 1949
Finnish summary.
Hispanicae advocationis libri duo. 2, The two books of the pleas of a Spanish advocate of Alberico Gentili, jurisconsult
The exhaustion of local remedies in the case law of international courts and tribunals
Formalism, fragmentation, freedom : Kantian themes in today's international law
Questions of international law
The international arbitral process : public and private. Volume 4 : chapters XI - XIV
International legislation : a collection of the texts of multipartite international instruments of general interest
The persecution of persons with disability and the duty of reasonable accommodation in the European Union’s Refugee Law
Coping with international atrocities through criminal law : a study into the typical features of international criminality and the reflection of these traits in international criminal law
Neoconservative Ideology and the Use of Torture in the "Global War on Terror" : Morally Right, in perfect denial, or in persistent cognitive dissonance?
Routledge handbook of international law
Chameleons, unruly horses, golden eagles, and sea dragons : The menagerie of public policy exceptions to recognition and enforcement of arbitral awards in the United States and Europe
But in this twilight our choices seal our fate : the interplay of autonomy and dignity in defining the international legal response to the beginning of life
Current developments in Arctic law : Volume 2
A manual of international law
The concept of international law
Encyclopedia of global justice
The draft Nordic Saami Convention : nations working together
International law and world order : a problem-oriented coursebook
International law
International law : being the collected papers of Hersch Lauterpacht. 1, The general works
Encyclopedia of public international law. Vol. 1, Aalands Islands to Dumbarton Oaks Conference (1944)
World parliament – fact or fiction? : on the feasibility of world parliamentary models
Status of indigenous peoples in international law
The international legal order
The role of the European Union at the United Nations Human Rights Council
Critical perspectives on regulation of international financial markets : assessing the possibilities for transatlantic regulatory cooperation
Doing business 2016 : measuring regulatory quality and efficiency : comparing business regulation for domestic firms in 189 economies : a World Bank Group flagship report
Controversial subjects of contemporary international law : an examination of the new entities of international law and their treaty-making capacity
International law. 1, International law as applied by international courts and tribunals
Why do we need multilateral environmental agreements to protect the arctic environment?
Encyclopedia of public international law. Vol. 4, Quirin, ex parte to Zones of peace
Anatomy of international law : a study of the role of international law in the contemporary world
The contemporary practice of the United Kingdom in the field of international law - 1962, 1
International law and municipial law : German-Argentinian constitutional law colloquium, Buenos Aires, April 1979 = Droit international et droit interne : colloque argentino-allemand de droit constitutionnel Buenos Aires, April 1979
Legal consequences for states of the continued presence of South Africa in Namibia (South west Africa) notwithstanding Security Council resolution 276 (1970)
Resource exploitation in the Arctic : incorrect diagnoses, misinterpretations  and wrong solutions – how to avoid these?
The international arbitral process : public and private. Volume 3 : chapters VIII-X
Selected articles from Chinese yearbook of international law : edited by Chinese Society of International Law
Law in the world community
Opting into the common European Sales Law : how to opt-into, or opt-into at all, in B2C contracts?
Jurisdictional problems of private international law : a brief survey of international co-operation in jurisdiction and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters
The people, the environment, and the company : an examination of the tripartite dimesions of priorities relating to business judgments in multinational business organisations
Dynamics of peace management : from interstate to inter-humanity dialogue
Data exclusivity in the European free trade agreements and access to medicine in the developing countries
Doing Business 2016 is the 13th publication in a series of annual reports comparing business regulation in 189 economies. This year the publication addresses regulations affecting 11 areas of everyday business activity including: Starting a business Dealing with construction permits Getting electricity Registering property Getting credit Protecting minority investors Paying taxes Trading across borders Enforcing contracts Resolving insolvency Labor market regulations Doing Business 2016 updates all indicators as of June 1, 2015, ranks economies on their overall ease of doing business, and analyzes reforms to business regulation identifying which economies are strengthening their business environment the most. This report illustrates how reforms in business regulations are being used to analyze economic outcomes for domestic entrepreneurs and for the wider economy. It is a flagship product produced by the World Bank Group that garners worldwide attention on regulatory barriers to entrepreneurship. More than 60 economies have used the Doing Business indicators to shape reform agendas and monitor improvements on the ground. In addition, the Doing Business data has generated over 2,000 articles in peer-reviewed academic journals since its inception.
The many faces of responsibility : acceptability of the industry in various societies
Finnish yearbook of international law. Vol. 13, 2002.
The right of hot pursuit in international law
Hunting by indigenous peoples of charismatic mega-fauna : does human rights approach challenge the way hunting by indigenous peoples is regulated?
International law : being the collected papers of Hersch Lauterpacht. 3, The law of peace, parts 2-6
A note on the European Union's integrated maritime policy
Introduction to international law : present conceptions of international law in theory and practice
Ecolex : the gateway to environmental law
International law and order
Gáldu čála : journal of indigenous peoples rights
Great Britain, British Jews and the international protection of Romanian Jews, 1900-1914 : a study of Jewish diplomacy and minority rights
Principles of international law concerning friendly relations and cooperation
The international arbitral process : public and private. J. Gillis Wetter. Volume 5 : chapters XIV - XVII
International law : law of peace
Legislating the blind spot : the EU seal regime and the Newfoundland seal hunt
Summary.
Using private regulation to protect human rights in global supply chains - how can consumers enforce compliance with human rights standanrds?
An introduction to international law
International law : current and classic
"Creative legal thinking" and the evolution of international refugee law
Implementation of cultural rights within international legislative instruments
State immunities and trading activities in international law
An introduction to the history of the law of nations in the East Indies : (16th, 17th and 18th centuries
Decisions of international institutions before domestic courts
The margin of appreciation and the European Court of Human Rights : case law relating to the Latvian nationality problem
The function of law in the international community
Cambridge essays in international law : essays in honour of Lord McNair
Comment on the institution of arbitration proceedings between the Kingdom of the Netherlands and the Russian Federation concerning the case of the ship “Arctic Sunrise”
European Convention on Human Rights and transition of the legal culture : reception of the argumentation of the European Court of Human Rights by the Finnish supreme jurisdictions
The SAGE handbook of international social work
International law and the role of domestic legal systems
Third Party Funding in International Arbitration
The use of international law : five lectures delivered at the University of Michigan February 27,28, March 3, 6, and 7, 1958
Studies in international law
Summary in Russian.
The actions of the Arctic states respecting the continental shelf : a reflective essay
International law in the Western hemisphere
Understanding project management in natural resource investments from a legal perspective
Transnational law
Governing indigeneity globally : indigenous peoples in the United Nations
Current developments in Arctic law : Volume 1
The theory of international relations : selected texts from Gentili to Treitschke
Problems of international practice and diplomacy : with special reference to the Hague conferences and conventions and other general international agreements
The United Nations child policy : international games of morality and power
The new Silk Road, a glimpse to China's regime?
Dark and bright sides of human rights : towards pragmatic evaluation
International law : a treatise. Vol. 1, Peace
Restriction of Powers : Human Rights Protection in the Context of the Security Council
The other moratorium : freezing central arctic fisheries as the ice withdraws
International law and the practitioner
But in this twilight our choices seal our fate : the interplay of dignity and autonomy in defining the international legal response to the beginning of life
Indigenous peoples and the extractive sector : towards a rights-respecting engagement
Principles of international law
The political foundations of international law
The use of international law : five lectures delivered at the University of Michigan February 27, 28, March 3, 6, and 7, 1958
EIA directive at the crossroads : analysis of the Commission's  proposal from the Finnish developer's perspective
States, Markets, the Finance Lobby and the European Union Savings Tax Directive
The survey on the ratification processes of the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities in seven states
A Host state regulatory right in Fair and Equitable Treatment (FET) in Bilateral Investment Treaties (BITs)
EU private international law : harmonization of laws
The status of law in international society
Towards more effective settlement of disputes in the space sector
EU annual report on human rights 2008
International law : a treatise. 2, Disputes, war and neutrality
International legal process : materials for an introductory course in two volumes. Vol. 2
Reforming the Arctic Council against increasing climate change challenges in the north
Developing an understanding of world problems : an introduction to international law by case studies
The Australian year book of international law : includes Australian practise in international law for the year 1992
International law reports
Constitutionalism and the making of international law : fuller's procedural natural law
The Sage handbook of education for citizenship and democracy
Understanding the framing of issues in multi-actor arenas : power relations in the human rights debate
Negotiation
A science of interests : the project of 20th century positivism in international law
The international arbitral process : public and private. Volume 2 : chapters IV-VII
Understanding powers of international organizations : a study of the doctrines of attributed powers, implied powers and constitutionalism - with a special focus on the Human Rights Committee
International law : a Russian introduction
Elements of international law
Pacific-ACP states regional legislative and regulatory framework for deep sea minerals exploration and exploitation
A modern law of nations : an introduction
