http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12303 labour economics
labour economics
Essays on migration
The political economy of collective bargaining
Cooperation and paradoxes in climate economics
Human capital creation in an economic perspective
The economics of the labour market
Informal employment in emerging and transition economies
Roads to post-Fordism : labour markets and social structures in Europe
Systems of production : markets, organisations and performance
Time-use and its value in household production in Finland and the United States
Encouragement and discouragement : essays on taxation and government expenditure
Research in labor economics
New developments in economic education
Working life : renewing labour process analysis
Spatial turns of manufacturing since 1970.
"New approaches to the study of everyday life" : proceedings of The International Household & Family Research Conference, Helsinki, Finland, May 31-June 3,1998. Part 2
Remapping East Asia : the construction of a region
Principles of political economy : considered with a view to their practical application
Working and educating for life : feminist and international perspectives on adult education
The gods that failed : how blind faith in markets has cost us our future
The political economy of east-west transnational regionalization
Labor economics : a comparative text
Production, power and world order : social forces in the making of history
International management of the Atlantic salmon fishery in the Baltic Sea
What new tools and models are enriching labor economics? "Developments in Research Methods and their Application" (volume 4A) summarizes recent advances in the ways economists study wages, employment, and labor markets. Mixing conceptual models and empirical work, contributors cover subjects as diverse as field and laboratory experiments, program evaluation, and behavioral models. The combinations of these improved empirical findings with new models reveal how labor economists are developing new and innovative ways to measure key parameters and test important hypotheses. This title investigates recent advances in methods and models used in labor economics. It demonstrates what these new tools and techniques can accomplish. It documents how conceptual models and empirical work explain important practical issues.
Handbook of labor economics. Vol. 4B
The new famines : why famines persist in an era of globalization
Handbook of labor economics. Vol. 4A
Essays in search activity
After hegemony : cooperation and discord in the world political economy
Introduction to labor economics
Globalisation and the postcolonial world : The new political economy of development ; Ankie Hoogvelt
In this article, the geographical transformation of the Finnish manufacturing sector since the 1970s is analysed. Changes in manufacturing employment by municipalities are used as central indicators of the transformation. The urban-rural shift, deindustralisation, and emergence of the new economy have all occurred during the last three decades.A trend surface analysis indicates that manufacturing employment increased all over the country in the 1970s. The growth was higher the more northern and eastern the municipality's location. This pattern was conformable to the goals of the Finnish regional policy of the 1970s. Deindustrialisation plagued the economy from the early 1980s to the mid-1990s, and its negative labour force impacts were focused especially on the southern mature industrial cities. The industrial policy of the 1980s was without much result. Finally, the crisis of the early 1990s ruined a considerable part of industrial performance everywhere in the country. The era of telecommunications-driven economic growth in the 1990s led to the geographical pattern of growing employment in few urban areas and some localities adjacent to cities. The long, vigorous growth period (up to the year 2001), comparable with the growth of the late 1960s and early 1970s, diffused to rural municipalities, but the geographical pattern of this boom was oriented more towards the west and south than in the 1970s.
Workflow modeling : tools for process improvement and applications development
Economics of education
Principles of economics
Tourism
Aspects of  worker well-being
Agriculture in the nordic countries, working postures - overview of the problems
Economics 2.0 : what the best minds in economics can teach you about business and life
Jobs, training and worker well-being
Global political economy : contemporary theories
Technology shocks and employment in open economies
Socialist register
Ecological economics : a workbook for problem-based learning
Essays on agricultural and environmental policy
The moral foundation of economic behavior
Political economy and macroeconomics : on foreign aid and development
Organized labor in postcommunist states : from solidarity to infirmity
The division of labour : the labour process and class-struggle in modern capitalism
Economics of labor
Coping with the economic crisis : alternative responses to economic recession in advanced industrial societies
Industry and labour : class struggle at work and monopoly capitalism
The economics of the trade union
The economics of fair trade coffee: for whose benefit? : an investigation into the limits of fair trade as a development tool and the risk of clean-washing
Household work and its significance to the individual : "Martyrs","those with a bad conscience", and "those who know what they want"
Cruising in the global economy : profits, pleasure and work at sea
Intellectual and manual labour : a critique of epistemology
Essays in public and labour economics : estimating causal effects using regional variation
Value, price and profit : addressed to working men
Sex & money : feminism and political economy in the media
Politics of development in the Barents Region
Wage bargaining, risk-sharing and employment : four essays in labor economics
Essays on public, political and labor economics
Benevolent conspiracies : the role of enabling technologies in the welfare of nations : the cases of SDI, SEMATECH, and EUREKA
Essays on household time allocation decisions in a collective household model
Politics of development in the Barents region
Critique of economic reason
The political economy of monetary policy and wage barbaining : theory and econometric evidence
"New approaches to the study of everyday life" : proceedings of the International Household & Family Research Conference, Helsinki, Finland, May 31-June 3, 1998. Part 1
Mr. Keynes and the labour movement
The political economy of work
Modern labor economics : theory and public policy
Work, earnings and other aspects of the employment relation
The economic theory of the working class
The arcane of reproduction : housework, prostitution, labor and capital
What factors affect the ways individuals participate in labor markets? "New Developments and Research on Labor Markets" (volume 4B) proposes answers to this and other questions on important topics of public policy. Leading labor economists demonstrate how better data and advanced experiments help them apply economic theory, yielding sharper analyses and conclusions. The combinations of these improved empirical findings with new models enable the authors of these chapters to reveal how labor economists are developing new and innovative ways to measure key parameters and test important hypotheses. This title concentrates on empirical research in specific labor markets, including those defined by age, gender, and race. It reveals how questions and answers about these markets have changed and how models measure them. It documents how conceptual models and empirical work explain important practical issues.
Global political economy : evolution and dynamics
Political theories of development cooperation : a study of theories of international cooperation
Work in the home
35th anniversary retrospective
Development of national producer organizations and specialized business units in Mozambique : a study for the Royal Norwegian Society for Development to prepare a new phase of programme collaboration
OECD economic outlook
This innovative book illustrates ways to put economics in the best context for it to be most effectively taught to and understood by under- and post-graduate students. It provides teachers of economics with various techniques to engage and retain the interest of students, while challenging them to apply knowledge and methodological tools to a range of economic problems. The expert contributors provide fascinating insights and ideas to both improve the quality of teaching economics and deepen students' understanding of economic reasoning and problem solving.
