http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12375 soul music
soul music
Boss soul : 1966/67 singles and productions for Bronco Records
Nile Rodgers : le freak : an upside down story of family, disco and destiny
Respect yourself : Stax Records and the soul explosion
The dock of the bay ;  The soul album
A sense of wonder : Van Morrison's Ireland
Texas music
John Gary Williams
Gold collection : Ike & Tina Turner
Don't count me out : the Fame recordings. Vol. 1
Aretha arrives
The Bobby Sheen anthology 1958-1975
Time and place
Whitney Houston
Amy Winehouse : the biography
Emeli Sandé : the biography
Plato's account of the tripartite soul is a memorable feature of dialogues like the Republic, Phaedrus and Timaeus: it is one of his most famous and influential yet least understood theories. It presents human nature as both essentially multiple and diverse - and yet somehow also one - divided into a fully human 'rational' part, a lion-like 'spirited part' and an 'appetitive' part likened to a many-headed beast. How these parts interact, how exactly each shapes our agency and how they are affected by phenomena like erôs and education is complicated and controversial. The essays in this book investigate how the theory evolves over the whole of Plato's work, including the Republic, Phaedrus and Timaeus, and how it was developed further by important Platonists such as Galen, Plutarch and Plotinus. They will be of interest to a wide audience in philosophy and classics.
Soulacoaster : the diary of me
Going east
A whole new thing
Prince
Learn to play harmonica : over 100 illustrated chords for blues, rock, country and soul : [an illustrated beginner's guide to the blues harmonica]
100 great albums of the sixties
Say it loud! : my memories of James Brown, soul brother no. 1
The duck
Missing you
101 amazing Rihanna facts
Assimilating Seoul : Japanese rule and the politics of public space in colonial Korea, 1910-1945
Sittin' on the dock of the bay and other hits
It's party time : the 70s collection
Rythm oil : a journey through the music of the American South
Substance among Other Categories
Can't find happiness : the sounds of Memphis recordings
Mercy, mercy me : the art, loves & demons of Martin Gaye
What happened, Miss Simone? : a biography
The artistry of Brenda Holloway : with bonus tracks from the Motown vaults
Simply red : the official story
Translating wordplay : a case study on the translation of wordplay in Terry Prachett's Soul Music
Top of of the line
Barry White x 4CD
Be my baby : How I survived mascara, miniskirts, and madness or My life as a Fabulous Ronette
Plotinus on the Soul
2 Men 4 Soul
Where did our love go? : the rise & fall of the Motown sound
Goin' back to Memphis : a century of blues, rock 'n' roll and gloriuous soul
Encyclopedia of pop, rock & soul
Harriet & The Tubemen
Joel Whitburn's top r&b singles 1942-1995 : combiled from Billboard magazine's R&B Singles charts, 1942-1995
Stevie Wonder : rhythms of Wonder
Midnight train to Georgia : the best of Gladys Knight & The Pips
The ultimate soul music trivia book : 501 questions and answers about Motown, rhythm & blues, and more
Music city soul
Rock stars : People at the top of the charts
Classics
Keep what you get : the rare and unissued Ronn recordings
My life with Earth, Wind & Fire
Come and get it!
Signed, sealed, and delivered : the soulful journey of Stevie Wonder
Soul for the dancefloor
La la means I love you ; Sound of sexy soul
Rage to survive : the Etta James story
Mojo 1000 : the ultimate CD buyers guide to rock, pop, soul, jazz, soundtracks & more
I get my groove : crossover soul from the deep south
Beverly girls
Funk & soul covers
Dusty! : queen of the postmods
Say it one time for the brokenhearted : The Country side of southern soul
The arrival
Shining star : braving the elements of Earth, Wind & Fire
Plato and the Divided Self
Faithful man
Stars of soul and rhythm & blues : top recording artists and showstopping performers, from Memphis and Motown to now
The definitive collection
Spread the love
Medicine and Philosophy in Classical Antiquity : Doctors and Philosophers on Nature, Soul, Health and Disease
Yes, we are!
Feel the fire
Back to black : Amy Winehouse's only masterpiece
Sun City : The making of the record
Nothing's impossible
Otis Redding in person at the Whisky A Go Go
Pusherman
Whitney Houston : return of the diva
I want to take you higher : the life and times of Sly & the Family Stone
Temptations
Back to front
Roll with you
Second chance : the complete Barry and Columbia recordings
This book revives a neglected but important topic in philosophy: the nature of substance. The belief that there are individual substances, for example, material objects and persons, is at the core of our common-sense view of the world yet many metaphysicians deny the very coherence of the concept of substance. The authors develop an account of what an individual substance is in terms of independence from other beings. In the process many other important ontological categories are explored: property, event, space, time. The authors show why alternative theories of substance fail, and go on to defend the intelligibility (though not the existence) of interacting spiritual and material substances.
Skinny legs and all
The immortal Otis Redding
Lonely teardrops : The Jackie Wilson story
My life, as I see it : an autobiography
The MOTOWN album : the sound of young America
Soul picnic : the music and passion of Laura Nyro
Rihanna : the unauthorized biography
Rihanna : the only girl in the world
The many faces of Michael Jackson
The love album
Copasetic is
The very best of Al Green
Forever : timeless r&b classics
Love City
Invitation to openness : the jazz and soul photography of Les McCann 1960-1980
Child of the seventies
Heart & soul
Marvin Gaye, my brother
Rock bottom : dark moments in music Babylon
Amy, 27 : Amy Winehouse and the 27 Club
Prince : inside the music and the masks
Bridges
The Rock Yearbook. Volume VIII
Aristotle's De Anima : A Critical Commentary
Nobody wins : Stax southern soul 1968 - 1975
The soulful divas : Personal portraits of over a dozen divine divas, from Nina Simone, Aretha Franklin & Diana Ross to Patti LaBelle, Whitney Houston & Janet Jackson
Whitney Houston : one moment in time
Northern soul : an illustrated history
Take me with you ; Sweet replies... plus ; Soulful tapestry ; Love, peace & soul... plus
Songs in A minor
The years of soul : Spanish Harlem
Call of the wild
I heard it through the grapevine : Marvin Gaye : the biography
MusicHound R & B : the essential album guide
Hot runnin' soul : the singles 1965-71
The Little book of love lyrics
I've been here all the time ; If loving you is wrong I don't want to be right
Secrets of a sparrow : memoirs
Adele : a celebration of an icon and her music
Soul music A-Z
The pain gets a little deeper : the complete early years 1965-1971
Singles : six decades of hot hits & classic cuts
I want to take you higher : the life and times of Sly & The Family Stone
Be my baby : how I survived mascara, miniskirts, and madness, or my life as a fabulous Ronette
The daily news
Nina Simone : the biography
Pieces of a man
Rare soul : An A-Z price guide to collectable soul singles
2 step to soul heaven
Beautifully human : words and sounds vol. 2
Say my friend
This will end in tears : the miserabilist guide to music
Aristotle's De Anima is the first systematic philosophical account of the soul, which serves to explain the functioning of all mortal living things. In his commentary, Ronald Polansky argues that the work is far more structured and systematic than previously supposed. He contends that Aristotle seeks a comprehensive understanding of the soul and its faculties. By closely tracing the unfolding of the many-layered argumentation and the way Aristotle fits his inquiry meticulously within his scheme of the sciences, Polansky answers questions relating to the general definition of soul and the treatment of each of the soul's principal capacities: nutrition, sense perception, phantasia, intellect, and locomotion. The commentary sheds light on every section of the De Anima and the work as a unit. It offers a challenge to earlier and current interpretations of the relevance and meaning of Aristotle's highly influential treatise.
All time top 1000 albums
The Motown story
Mr Heartache : the best of the Columbia recordings plus!
Say it one time for the brokenhearted : the country side of southern soul
Sounds like London : 100 years of black music in the capital
Ray Charles : man and music
The story of soul and r&b
Betty Wright : the movie
Inner spectrum
The Outsiders are back
They call it crossover
From these roots
Ladies of soul
The vitality of the individual in the thought of ancient Israel
Bis-phenol A: orgin, fate, dilemma and the effects of increased background organics on its adsorption by powdered activated carbon
The sound of soul
It's all good : a singles collection 1963-1989
In Philadelphia
Send my baby back
Feed the flame : the Fame and XL recordings
Heart & soul : a celebration of black music style in America 1930-1975
Janice
The spice of life
You are my friend : The ballads
Free Soul
Motown : music, money, sex and power
Harmonicas, harps, and heavy breathers : The evolution of the people's instrument
The ultimate musician's reference handbook
The new blue music : changes in rhythm & blues, 1950-1999
It is what it is
Plotinus on the Soul is a study of Plotinus' psychology, which is arguably the most sophisticated Platonist theory of the soul in antiquity. Plotinus offers a Platonist response to Aristotelian and Stoic conceptions of the soul that is at the same time an innovative interpretation of Plato's Timaeus. He considers the notion of the soul to be crucial for explaining the rational order of the world. To this end, he discusses not only different types of individual soul (such as the souls of the stars, and human and animal souls) but also an entity that he was the first to introduce into philosophy: the so-called hypostasis Soul. This is the first study to provide a detailed explanation of this entity, but it also discusses the other types of soul, with an emphasis on the human soul, and explains Plotinus' original views on rational thought and its relation to experience.
The story of the Supremes
The powers of Aristotle's soul
Last time I saw him
Follow your heart : the sounds of Memphis Recordings
War of the gods
This work brings together Philip van der Eijk's previously published essays on the close connections that existed between medicine and philosophy throughout antiquity. Medical authors such as the Hippocratic writers, Diocles, Galen, Soranus and Caelius Aurelianus elaborated on philosophical methods such as causal explanation, definition and division and applied key concepts such as the notion of nature to their understanding of the human body. Similarly, philosophers such as Plato and Aristotle were highly valued for their contributions to medicine. This interaction was particularly striking in the study of the human soul in its relation to the body, as illustrated by approaches to specific topics such as intellect, sleep and dreams, and diet and drugs. With a detailed introduction surveying the subject as a whole and an essay on Aristotle's treatment of sleep, this wide-ranging and accessible collection is essential reading for the student of ancient philosophy and science.
Music Master soul catalogue
Like a fire
Love & Desire : the Patrice Holloway anthology
Trouble man : the life and death of Marvin Gaye
If only..
The Bruno Mars handbook : Everything You need to know about Bruno Mars
The Guinness who's who of soul music
Looking for you : the complete United Artists & Veep singles
Spirit rising : my life, my music
Waiting for the sun : a rock 'n' roll history of Los Angeles
Gil Scott-Heron : pieces of a man
No more tears
A complete introduction to Northern soul
Black Moses
Soul Tattoo
Searching for the dolphins : the complete Soul City Recordings and more 1967-1971
I'll pick a rose for my rose : the complete motown recordings 1964-1971
Guitar masters : intimate portraits
Amy Amy Amy : The Amy Winehouse story
