http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1236 feedback
feedback
The aim of the thesis is to provide a varied base of information on feedback, concentrating on feedback in the educational setting. Main emphasis is on the importance of reciprocal feedback. The case study was conducted in order to enhance the feedback system currently at use at Haaga Polytechnic. Feedback is a tool that lets people know how effective they are in what they are trying to accomplish. It provides a way for individuals to learn how they affect the world and how the world affects them. Reciprocal feedback simply refers to feedback that goes both ways. The concept of feedback is divided into two sections: the first deals with teachers' feedback to students and the second one is about the feedback students give to teachers. In the first section such issues are discussed as feedback as a part of the learning process, importance of feedback from teachers and designing feedback as a part of a course. In the second section reasons for collecting feedback from students is discussed in addition to validity of students ratings, mechanisms and levels of collecting feedback and the analysis and use of students feedback. The case study was made on the basis of the theory. First a questionnaire was designed based on information from our research to be used in the case study. Next the survey was conducted among the Bachelor degree students and the results were analyzed, concentrating on the question regarding feedback received form teachers at Haaga Polytechnic. Lastly conclusions on the case study were drawn. The result of the case study showed that the level of feedback received from teachers at Haaga Institute is quite poor. It could be suggested that the feedback process should be ongoing through out the module or course. One way could be an informal oral feedback at different stages of the course in everyday classroom situations. Formal feedback could be provided in writing after specific tasks such as presentations or tests. The workload of the instructors would naturally get heavier with such tasks but as the amount of everyday informal feedback increases perhaps the need for such a rigid formal system would diminish. Grading is a way of giving feedback but since it always comes at the end of the course it is not really useful for the students learning process.
Learning teaching : becoming an inspirational teacher
Further Development of Supplier Portal
Corrective feedback and learner uptake in an EFL classroom
Feedback that works: How to build and deliver your message
Answers to advertising avoidance of customers : centralized online reputation systems based on feedbacks
Contemporary Motivation Research : from global to local perspectives
Scouting technical skills in ice hockey
Discussing design : improving communication and collaboration through critique
Improving customer feeback process with process management and lean tools : case: Oy Kaha Ab
Teacher turn-allocation and repair practices in classroom interaction : a multisemiotic perspective
Job feedback : giving, seeking, and using feedback for performance improvement
Assessing the role of feedback information to consumers in cause-related marketing
Critical conversations : feedback as a stimulus to creativity in software design
Kemi-Tornio University of Applied Sciences quality guide for student
The encyclopedia of icebreakers : structured activities that warm-up, motivate, challenge, acquaint and energize
ICAnDoiT: the impact of computerised adaptive corrective feedback on L2 English learners
Cruise management : information and decision support systems
Implementing a lecture feedback system using semi-ad-hoc wireless networks
The role of early visual cortex (V1/V2) and feedback from V5/MT in concious and unconcious perception of visual motion : a transcranial magnetic stimulation study
Orientation for new employees at Global Refund Finland Oy
Teaching backwards
Committed to customers : a 5-step model for delivering great customer experiences
500 tips on assessment
"Teachers teach so well that it's nice to learn" : a case-study on the role of teacher-to-student feedback in attitude-formation on L2 elementary English lessons
Automatic assessment tools in learning and teaching programming
This book presents a model for organizing tasks at a customer focused company. It aims to help companies create a systematic approach to delivering great customer experiences. The book consists of theory, interviews, practical tips, resources and recommendations. It also contains evaluation material for understanding a company's current status and identifying further improvement areas.
How to be a home economics teacher
Students' perceptions about the use of oral feedback in EFL classrooms
Clinical supervision and quality care : examining the effects of team supervision in multi-professional teams
Principles and practices for response in second language writing : developing self-regulated learners
Sales training basics
Giving and receiving performance feedback
Internal communications : a specially commissioned report
Reconceptualising feedback in higher education : developing dialogue with students
Corrective feedback, individual differences and second language learning
Based on the assumptions that students expect feedback and want to improve, and that improvement is possible, this book introduces a framework that applies the theory of self-regulated learning to guide second language writing teachers' response to learners at all stages of the writing process. This approach provides teachers with principles and activities for helping students to take more responsibility for their own learning. By using self-regulated learning strategies, students can increase their independence from the teacher, improve their writing skills, and continue to make progress once the course ends, with or without teacher guidance. The book focuses on the six dimensions of self-regulated learning -motive, methods of learning, time, physical environment, social environment, and performance. Each chapter offers practical activities and suggestions for implementing the principles and guidelines, including tools and materials that teachers can immediately use.
Training in interpersonal skills : TIPS for managing people at work
Articulating design decisions : communicate with stakeholders, keep your sanity, and deliver the best user experience
Perspectives on behavioral self-regulation
Feedback from Metropolia graduates: studying in an English Degree Program as an Immigrant  and their Road to Working Life
Feedback toolkit : 16 tools for better communication in the workplace
Exceptional Customer Service: exceed Customer Expectations to Build Loyalty & Boost Profits
Services  : marketing, operations, and management
Koulutuksen laatupalaute FUAS-ammattikorkeakouluissa = Quality feedback on education at FUAS institutions
Reciprocal feedback in learning : case study: Haaga Institute Polytechnic
Tourist satisfaction and complaining behavior : measurement and management issues in the tourism and hospitality industry
They wrote me a really nice letter... : the findings of a mystery shopping exercise : how high street retailers respond to written complaints from their customers
Satisfied customers tell three friends, angry customers tell 3,000 : running a business in today's consumer driven world
The effects of augmented feedback on motor skill learning in shooting : a feedback training intervention among inexperienced rifle shooters
Requirements for successful development of customer relationship management (CRM) - case Tamro Finland
Feedback and second language writing : how do students feel about written feedback?
Automated assessment of programming assignments : visual feedback, assignment mobility, and assessment of students' testing skills
Feedback on individual academic presentations : exploring Finnish university students' experiences and preferences
The power of feedback : giving, seeking, and using feedback for performance improvement
Developing customer-centric feedback processes : case Citycon
Thanks for the feedback : the science and art of receiving feedback well (even when it is off base, unfair, poorly delivered, and, frankly, you're not in the mood)
Written corrective feedback in second language acquisition and writing
Intensive interventions for students struggling in reading and mathematics : a practise guide
Feedback mechanisms in animal behaviour
Students' role in quality enhancement - a reflection of functional stupidity or an implication of "Quality as Practice"?
Blended learning in a research intensive university : a case study from the field of geoinformatics
Socially influencing systems : persuading people to engage with publicly displayed Twitter-based systems
Aspects of NS/NNS telephone conversations
Student feedback : the cornerstone to an effective quality assurance system in higher education
Better feedback for better teaching : a practical guide to improving classroom observations
Facilitating with ease! : core skills for facilitators, team leaders and members, managers, consultants, and trainers
Abstract: Haptices and haptemes : a case study of developmental process in touch-based communication of acquired deafblind people.
Oral errors, corrective feedback and learner uptake in an EFL setting
Effective communication through the course feedback form in foreign language courses at HAAGA-HELIA
Enriching feedback in the primary classroom : oral and written feedback from teachers and children
Customer feedback system : case: A.W.A.Y. - tourism
Improving employee performance through appraisal and coaching
Electrotherapy explained : principles and practice
The Use of video feedback as a performance analysis coaching tool in amateur level ice hockey
Acquisition and analysis of performance data for mobile devices
Crash course in library supervision : meeting the key players
Getting returns from service quality : is the conventional wisdom wrong?
Quality of radiotherapy care by development of e-feedback knowledge
Positive teaching, positive learning
Feedback for learning
Student evaluation in higher education : reconceptualising the student voice
Customer satisfaction as a part of quality management : Case Wasa Logistics Ltd
Sustainable feedback in higher education : relation between and changeability of self-efficacy, goal orientation, and learning behavior
Teacher written feedback : teachers' perceptions of given feedback
How to give effective feedback to your students
This book is a translated version of her PhD, rewritten to make it accessible for worldwide publication. It documents the 16-years of practical research which underlies these new methods. Haptices and Haptemes is a part of the Social-Haptic Communication philosophy which explores how the humanistic qualities of touch can be applied to different client groups. This includes people who need to develop touch-based communication methods in healthcare and educational settings. It recognises the importance of body language and environmental information in a visual context, allowing greater interactive process between clients and their families in an expanding community.
Feedback : a film about feedback
Tailoring of feedback in web-based learning systems : certitude-based assessment with online multiple choise questions
Enhancing learning and teaching through student feedback in engineering
Mobile Feedback System in Android Platform: a project of Helsinki city
Effects of 12-week shooting training and mode of feedback on shooting scores among novice shooters
Discipline that develops self-discipline
Development of after-sales program for Valkea Marina
Restoring the innovative edge : driving the evolution of science and technology
Development of quality feedback issue list
Peter's picture
Online student ratings of instruction
Techniques and strategies for interpreting student evaluations
Feedback that sticks : the art of communicating neuropsychological assessment results
Emotional responses to friction-based, vibrotactile, and thermal stimuli
Abstract: This project was carried out for the Public Works Department of Helsinki City, and the purpose was to create a location-aware feedback application for the Android mobile platform. The created application was capable of interacting with a remote server and rendering the user interface at runtime depending upon data retrieved from the database. In addition, a web application was also required to be created to handle the database. The mobile application was developed in the Android platform using the Java programming language in Eclipse IDE. MYSQL was used for database design and PHP was used as a server side scripting language. The web application consisted of simple HTML pages with CSS and Javascript. During the project, a localized Android application, capable of accessing device features such as camera and GPS and creating the user interface dynamically, was developed. The web application was also created, and it acted as an interface for creating, viewing and modifying the data in the database. The developed Android application can be used effectively to get feedback from general citizens in workshops organized by the Public Works Department of Helsinki City in the form of general text, images and location information. As the application is localized, it is accessible to people using the Finnish, Swedish and English language.
Feedback to the future : systems, cybernetics and artificial intelligence : the 9th Finnish Artificial Intelligence Conference, Helsinki University of Technology, Espoo 28-30 August 2000
The discourse of teaching practice feedback : a corpus-based investigation of spoken and written modes
"Conflicting emotions, and why not" / Tina Cavén
Customer claims : DHL Lahti
Customer satisfaction measurement as a mean for marketing development
Good job! - giving positive feedback in EFL lessons : comparison of primary and secondary school
Modern control systems
L2 writing and L2 written feedback in upper secondary schools as experienced by teachers
Abstract.
"He is a living testimony of HOSPITALITY" : positive references and evaluative conventions on Couchsurfing.org
Coaching competencies and corporate leadership
Opinions about EFL grammar learning and teaching : a study of Finnish upper-secondary-school students
The successful coaching manager : a managerś guide to coaching individuals and teams effectively
Giving students effective written feedback
This practical guide outlines the knowledge and skills classroom observers need to identify and help develop effective teaching, and explains how leaders can best facilitate the development of classroom observers. The best way to ensure high quality instruction in every classroom is to provide teachers with accurate, constructive feedback on practices proven to enhance student learning. Skilled classroom observers help teachers do their best work, so that they can guide students to their greatest potential. Better Feedback for Better Teaching provides helpful, reliable strategies from leading experts and practitioners involved in the Measures of Effective Teaching (MET) project, which carried out one of the largest, most influential studies of classroom observations to date. Among the many topics covered, Better Feedback for Better Teaching describes how to: Build a shared vision of effective teacher feedback among observers Ensure a common understanding of a classroom observation tool Train observers to collect objective evidence from a lesson, efficiently and free of bias Leverage data to improve how observers are trained and supported. This comprehensive resource includes helpful starting points, as well as tips to refine techniques and address new challenges. Each section combines clear explanations of key ideas with concrete, adaptable examples and strategies. Self–assessments are included to help you quickly rank current needs and find the most relevant solutions.
Collecting the hits: reporting results of the development of a feedback collection system for project Song Castle
User feedback as a potential source of incremental vs. radical innovation
Improving customer feedback process : case Finavia, Helsinki-Vantaa airport
Innovations in diagnostic assessment and feedback : an analysis of the usefulness of the DIALANG language assessment system
Notational analysis of sport : systems for better coaching and performance in sport
A quick scan of climate policy services and of underlying data system approaches : climate bonus project report (WP1)
Working life feedback in Finnish higher engineering education
Thanks for the Feedback : The Science and Art of Receiving Feedback Well
Evaluation as feedback and guide
Doing essays & assignments : essential tips for students
Leadership development : paths to self-insight and professional growth
Thanks for the feedback : the science and art of receiving feedback (even when it is off-base, unfair, poorly delivered, and frankly, you're not in the mood)
Overcoming the institutional obstacles of industrial recycling
Lecturer rating system
Using feedback in organizational consulting
Abstract:.
Global online market research : case:Savcor Coatings
The dimensions of internal communication and the engagement of the employees in the decision making process in the Albanian education sector
Team leaders' experiences with receiving positive feedback
Finnish EFL learners' perceptions on errors, corrective feedback and foreign language anxiety
The feedback book : 50 ways to motivate and improve the performance of your people
Automated analysis of feedback in various formats of data : search for methods and tools to extract insights and information
How to improve acquiring of customer feedback in Raha-automaattiyhdistys
Big ideas in education : what every teacher should know
Haptices and haptemes : a case study of developmental process in social-haptic communication of acquired deafblind people
Online surveys in collecting cross-cultural qualitative user experience feedback
Feedback that works : how to build and deliver your message
Managing the building design process
