http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12307 photographers
photographers
Photography yearbook = Internationales Jahrbuch der Fotografie. 1992
Taewon Jang : stained ground
Photography year book. 1974
All the words are yours : haiku on love
Poland : from sea to mountains
Victorian photographs of famous men & fair women
The New York School photographs 1936-1963
Londontown : a photographic tour of the citys's delights
The illuminations
A history of women photographers
Photographic works 1969-1970 = L'oeuvre photographique
In the heart of the dark night
Bliss : a Martin Parr postcard collection
The years between : diaries 1939-44
John Thomson : life and photographs
Saudek : life, love, death and other such trifles
Walker Evans : the hungry eye
Who is mr Satoshi
Stina Brockman sexy eyes
Photography as artistic experiment : from Fox Talbot to Moholy-Nagy
The last flight
Das Jahrbuch 2004 = the 2004 yearbook
From sape to swagger
The unguarded moment
The art of Lee Miller
The happy years : diaries 1944-48
Chameleon 1979-1982
Marc Riboud : photographs at home and abroad
When the sense of belonging is bound to a system of movement
Edward Weston : 1886-1958
Book of hours
The London satyr : [a novel]
Dropout Neville Lister accompanies acclaimed photographer Saul Auerbach for a day, to learn a lesson for life. They play a game: from a hill above Johannesburg they pick three houses and decide to knock on their doors in search of a story. Auerbach's images of the first two will become classic portraits, but soon the light fades. Lister only reaches the third house decades later, returning to post-apartheid South Africa and a Johannesburg altered almost beyond recognition. How to live when estranged from your birthplace?
My Florence : a 70-year love story
Photography yearbook 1993 = Internationales jahrbuch der photografie
The photographer's story : the art of visual narrative
The importance of elsewhere : Philip Larkin's photographs
Every picture tells a story
People  I know
Vernier : fashion, feminity & form
Maailman ihanin tyttö = The loveliest girl in the world
Streetwise : photographs
The world of Henri Cartier-Bresson
Masters of photography
The wandering years : diaries: 1922-1939
The woman who lost her soul
In place of death
Photographs 1970-1990
Dead man's blues
Polaroid professional photography studio issue 16.
Generation loss : a novel
Pop book number one : photographien 1988-1995
Photo inspiration[Elektroninen aineisto] : secrets behind stunning images
The fashion book
An eye for a bird : the autobiography of a bird photographer
Robert Capa
Brooke the photographer fairy
Das Jahrbuch 2007 = the 2007 yearbook
Triangel index : Swedish photographers 1990
Projekt weisse Zelle : Fotografie 1983-1985 = [The white cell; photographs 1983-1985]
Ralph Eugene Meatyard
The family : photographs by Stefan Bladh : 2002-2008
Photography year book 1980 = Internationales Jahrbuch der Fotografie 1980
From these hands : a journey along the coffee trail
Robert Capa 1913-1954
Photographs
The lotus eaters
Photo.doc : dokumentteja dokumentarismista = documents of documentary photography
De pterygotis : vel manuale insectis reparandis = or manual for insect construction = eli käsikirja hyönteisten rakentajalle
Das Jahrbuch 2003 = the 2003 yearbook
Children of a vanished world
World Press Photo 17
Relationship
Das Jahrbuch 2000 = the 2000 yearbook
Great photographers
Diane Arbus  : a biography
William Eggleston : the Democratic forest : selected works
Keeping time : the photographs of Don Hunstein : the unseen archive of Columbia Records
Ohne titel
Picture show. No 2, Finland, Ireland, Cuba, cold, warm, hot, lovely, colours
It's what I do : a photographer's life of love and war
European photography award 1992 : Deutsche leasing's support for the arts
Hotel room with a view
Contemporary photographers
Photography yearbook. 1986
Still life with bread crumbs
Forty-one false starts : essays on artists and writers
Forms of Japan
The Blue Mountains of Harry Phillips : he exposed the shadows of the landscape
iPro user : a case study of pro-am photographers in Malaysia travel magazine
The Isis hostage : one man's true story of 13 months in captivity
The photography book
Paul Strand : essays on his life and work
A bigger message  : conversations with David Hockney
Photoportraits
The Gun Room
Photography yearbook = Internationales Jahrbuch der Fotografie. 1995
Pictures of a silent observer
A photographer's scrapbook
Photography yearbook 1977.
Photography yearbook 1978.
Humans of New York : stories
Northern insights : feminist inquiries into politics of place, knowledge and agency
European photography award 1985-1994 : Deutsche leasing's support for the arts
Stephen Shore
Story teller
Dorothea Lange : photographs of a lifetime
Leendert Blok : silent beauties : photographs from the 1920s
Generation loss
Shadowed by grace : a story of monuments men
The apartment in Rome
The French cat
Wildlife photographer of the year. The masters of nature photography. Volume two
European photography 58 : art magazine
Peter Beard
Photography awards 2004.
House of common sense : introduction to work 1990-1995
Ansel Adams : a biography
Untold: the stories behind the photographs
The somnambulist
A house of light
Ōtsuji Kiyoji : = Otsuji Kiyoji : photographs in the collection of Musashino Art University Museum & Library
In a tense and riveting narrative, The ISIS Hostage details freelance photographer Daniel Rye's thirteen-month ordeal at the hands of Islamic State after he was captured in Syria and the misery inflicted upon him, and nineteen other hostages, by the British guards, which included Jihadi John. This compelling account also follows Daniel's family and the nerve-wracking negotiations with his kidnappers. It traces their horrifying journey through impossible dilemmas and offers a rare glimpse into the secret world of the investigation launched to locate and free not only Daniel, but also the American freelance journalist and fellow hostage James Foley. Written with Daniel's full cooperation and based on interviews with former fellow prisoners, jihadists and key figures who worked behind the scenes to secure his release, The ISIS Hostage reveals for the first time the torment suffered by the captives and tells a moving and terrifying story of friendship, torture and survival.
Henri Bresson-Cartier : a biography
"Keegan Allen is the international breakout star of ABC Family's hit television series, Pretty Little Liars. A gifted photographer and writer--and a dazzling film, television, and stage actor now counting millions of fans across the globe--Keegan Allen brings tremendous talent and energy to his first publishing project. Keegan tells a unique story with his photographs. On one hand, the book is a beautifully candid view into the glamour and timelessness of Hollywood, a mysterious yet wildly alluring place. On the other hand, it is a blissfully unassuming portrait of ordinary life- the unknown young woman gazing dreamily from the balcony of her hotel room, or the old woman who walks the same street every morning in her pink bathrobe, just to stop and talk to a passerby. Through his own stunning photography and captivating prose and poetry, life.love.beauty chronicles the author's life growing up just off the Sunset Strip, coming into his own as a young aspiring actor, looking for love and understanding, negotiating the seductions and disappointments of Hollywood, landing a plum role in a hit television series, encountering and embracing his fans, traveling the globe to promote his work, and striving to stay connected to his closest friends and loved ones" -- Provided by publisher.
European photography award 1993 : Deutsche leasing's support for the arts
Paris : the city and its photographers
Photography yearbook. 1976
Das Jahrbuch 2002 = the 2002 yearbook
On the road again
Blick = Sight
Life, love, beauty
Wildlife photographer of the year. Portfolio 25
The world on my doorstep 1950-76
Contains the best press photographs from the year 2016 - pictures submitted by photojournalists, picture agencies, newspapers and magazines throughout the world.
All of a sudden
Stephen Shore : uncommon places : the complete works
City of shadows
Shirin Neshat : hunnun salaisuus = the secret of the veil = slöjans hemlighet
Frostbite
World without men
Photography yearbook. 1972
Photography at the Bauhaus
Lickshot : a photo scrapbook
Exactly who and what is a photographic artist? : experimenting with emic criteria in a "status-of-an-artist study"
Advertising photography : a straightforward guide to a complex industry
ROBERT CAPA
Masterpieces of Victorian photography
