http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12370 leasing
leasing
Aircraft operating leasing : a legal and practical analysis in the context of public and private international air law
The mesh : why the future of business is sharing
Leasing home-PC as an employment benefit : case GE Capital Solutions AB
This research focused in comparing the received customer feedback of the worldwide operating Sixt Rent a Car in the franchise countries Finland and Sweden. Objective of the thesis was to find out the differences in the success factors between the two neighbouring markets, discovering points of development in for customer satisfaction. The main research method was quantitative desktop study on the received customer feedback for observation period of one year. The main research was reinforced by qualitative research into the received verbal feedback commentary and by expert interviews with the management personnel of Sixt Finland and Sixt Sweden. The development suggestions are intersection of the research findings and the theoretical framework addressing service management, customer behaviour, customer satisfaction and the concepts of customer journey mapping and quality perception. Factual market differences between the countries concerning car rental industry were also addressed to ensure the validity and relevance of the study. Main findings of the research revealed that for the observation period, the overall received customer feedback was slightly better in favour of Sixt Sweden. Main reasons covered in the conclusions include differing organizational structures, difference in the vehicle fleet composition and cultural differences between the countries and organizations. Relating to the market size of the countries, also the business volumes can be seen as one factor affecting customer feedback. The development suggestions introduced are centred on the importance of customer-based thinking. Various themes e.g. customer service situations, communication, vehicles, premises and attitudes of the customer service personnel are covered in the development draft.
The shareholder value and the sale and leaseback transactions in Finland during years 2003-2010
Leasing finance
Financing private enterprises and trade : a guide for the transition economies
Shopping center management and leasing
Managerial accounting for the hospitality industry
Comparision of financial methods : corporate vehicle financing
Accounting for leases : a new approach : recognition by lessees of assets and liabilities arising under lease contracts
Summary (s. 11-18).
Implementing sustainable tourism in third world countries : Case BRC Budget Ethiopia
Principal-agent problem in Finnish commercial real estate lease agreements
Analysis of equipment leasing contracts : a technical paper
Anticipated changes in leases : business and accounting impact on stakeholders in Finland
Lease financing : a practical guide
Access to Finnish law
Leasing : its financing role and accounting treatment
Financing newly emerging private enterprises in transition economies
Partner leasing in Sweden : a case study in financial innovation and re-regulation
Impact of lease capitalization on the development of accounting standards: a theoretical research
Abstract.
Swedish accounting & auditing : laws, standards and practices
Privatization in Russia : experiences, problems and opportunities
Title finance, derivatives, securitisations, set-off and netting
Commercial real estate : direct investment or lease agreement?
Customer satisfaction development research : comparison of the customer feedback success factors of Sixt Finland and Sixt Sweden
Financial activities
Get financing now : how to navigate through bankers, investors, and alternative sources for the capital your business needs
Corporate finance : passnotes
The restaurant : from concept to operation
Leasing law in the European Community
Access to finnish law
The lease versus buy decision
Partner leasing in Sweden
Data processing contracts : structure, contents, and negotiation
Leasing of firemen's personal protection gear
Corporate finance
Paper on the accounting advisory forum : accounting for lease contracts
Advanced legal strategies for buying and selling computers and software
Lease or purchase : theory and practice
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 8, Chapter 7, Specific contracts : Use of movables: leasing
Financial management for the hospitality industry
The principles and practice of leasing
Commercial leasing : a transactional primer
G4+1 position paper : leases : implementation of a new approach : discussion paper issued for comment by the staff of the International Accounting Standards Committee, comments to be submitted by 31 July 2000.
Leasing
Reporting of leases in financial statements
Selection criteria for car rental customers at Helsinki Airport : Customer survey
