http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12378 gospel
gospel
A discourse of domination : a socio-rhetorical study of the use of Ioudaios in the Fourth Gospel (John)
The Johannine community as Jewish Christians? : some problems in current scholarly consensus
The Gospel according to St Matthew : a text and commentary for students
Is John's gospel true?
The fourth Gospel : interpreted in its relation to contemporaneous religious currents in Palestine and the Hellenistic-Oriental world
The Gospel according to Matthew : in the revised standard deition
Conceptions of "gospel" and legitimacy in early christianity
Justification : what's at stake in the current debates
Jesus' attitude towards the law : a study of the Gospels
Matthew's Messianic Shepherd-King : in search of 'The Lost Sheep of the House of Israel'
The theology of the Gospel of Matthew
Other early Christian gospels : a critical edition of the surviving Greek manuscripts
Anti-Judaism and the fourth Gospel : papers of the Leuven Colloquium, 2000
The sources and Sitz im Leben of Matthew 23
Naming Jesus : titular christology in the Gospel of Mark
Jesus of Nazareth
The social world of the Gospel of Thomas
Binding the Strong Man : A Political Reading of Mark's Story of Jesus
The lost gospel of Mary : the mother of Jesus in three ancient texts
The structure of Matthew's Gospel : a study in literary design
The Theology of the Gospel of Mark
Eschatology in the making : Mark, Matthew and the Didache
The Gospel in Christian traditions
The gospel of Thomas
Hermeneia : a critical and historical commentary on the Bible. John 1 : a commentary on the Gospel of John, chapters 1-6
"Who will be our leader?" : authority and autonomy in the Gospel of Thomas
Recovering the original Gospel of Thomas : a history of the gospel and its growth
Luke and the law
Mark as story : an introduction to the narrative of a gospel
Johannine anomalies and the synoptics
The Gospel according to John : commentary
John : evangelist of the covenant people : the narrative & themes of the fourth Gospel
Beyond belief : the secret gospel of Thomas
The Gospel of John : introduction, exposition and notes
Isaiah's new exodus and Mark
The "Gospel of Peter", the canonical gospels and oral tradition
This volume contains a collection of twenty-one essays of John S. Kloppenborg, with four foci: conceptual and methodological issues in the Synoptic Problem; the Sayings Gospel Q; the Gospel of Mark; and the Parables of Jesus. Kloppenborg, a major contributor to the Synoptic Problem, is especially interested in how one constructs synoptic hypotheses, always aware of the many gaps in our knowledge, the presence of competing hypotheses, and the theological and historical entailments in any given hypothesis. Common to the essays in the remaining three sections is the insistence that the literature, thought and practices of the early Jesus movement must be treated with a deep awareness of their social, literary, and intellectual contexts. The context of the early Jesus movement is illumined not simply by resort to the literary and historical sources produced by Greek and Roman elites but, more importantly, by data gathered from documentary sources available in non-literary papyri.
Paul's apostleship and the concept of diakonia in 2 Corinthians
The paradox of salvation : Luke's theology of the cross
Jesus on trial : a lawyer affirms the truth of the gospel
The passion of the Christ
History and criticism of the Marcan hypothesis
The theology of the Gospel of John
What is John?. [Vol. 1], Readers and readings of the fourth Gospel
Repetitions and variations in the Fourth Gospel : style, text, interpretation
Paul's definitions of the Gospel in Romans 1
Scripture alone : the evangelical doctrine
Following Jesus : dicipleship in the Gospel of Mark
Jesus and the impurity of spirits in the synoptic Gospels
The theology of the Gospel of Luke
About the Gospels
Urban Christ : Responses to John J. Vincent ; Ian K. Duffield (ed.)
Mark's oral practice and the written Gospel of Mark
The Gospel according to St. Mark : the Greek text with introduction, notes, and indexes
The angel tree : celebrating Christmas at The Metropolitan museum of art : The Loretta Hines Howard collection of Eighteenth-century Neapolitan crèche figures
The beloved disciple : whose witness validates the Gospel of John?
Aposunagogos and the Gospel of John
Thomasine traditions in antiquity : the social and cultural world of the Gospel of Thomas
The "sociology of sectarianism" in Matthew : modelling the genesis of early Jewish and Christian communities
The least of my brothers : Matthew 25:31-46 : a history of interpretation
Community and Gospel in Luke-Acts : the social and political motivations of Lucan theology
A critical and exegetical commentary on the Gospel according to St. Mark
This volume contains a comprehensive evaluation of the hypothesis that the Gospel of Mark has been influenced by the theology of the apostle Paul. It discusses the history of this view from the nineteenth century to the modern day, analyses possible historical connections between the apostle and the evangelist, and compares and contrasts many major theological themes in both the epistles and the Gospel. This important collection of essays will be of major significance in the growing debate over Pauline influence on the Gospel of Mark.
The Gospel according to Matthew
Hidden Gospels : How the Search for Jesus Lost Its Way
To the Jew first : the case for Jewish evangelism in Scripture and history
Paul and Mark : comparative essays. Part I, Two authors at the beginnings of christianity
Peter and the rock
From the Gospel to the Gospels : history, theology, and impact of the biblical term euangelion
Identity matters : John, the Jews and Jewishness
Synoptic problems : collected essays
The Gospel of John and the sociology of light : language and characterization in the fourth Gospel
Word biblical commentary. Vol. 35 100, Luke 18:35-24:53
The Fourth Gospel and its predecessor : from narrative source to present Gospel
The fourth Gospel
One gospel - many cultures : case studies and reflections on cross-cultural theology
The new covenant Torah in Jeremiah and the law of Christ in Paul
Anatomy of the fourth gospel : a study in literary design
The riddles of Jesus in John : a study in tradition and folklore
The fourth Gospel and Jewish worship
Understanding what one reads III : Essays on the Gospels and Paul (2011-2014)
The complete Gospel parallels
"I am" in John's Gospel : literary function, background and theological implications
Mark Husbands and Daniel J. Treier bring together notable evangelical scholars and teachers to address from biblical, historical, theological and ecumenical perspectives key questions that prevent complete unity between Roman Catholic and Protestant branches of the church and raise tensions even among Protestant denominations. Witnessing to certain signs of hope, these essays also acknowledge points of caution. But for every reader who is looking for guidance and orientation to this doctrine and current discussion, this book provides a wealth of charitable yet incisive insight. Key questions addressed include: does the doctrine of imputation of Christ's righteousness need to be rethought, or does it faithfully reflect biblical teaching; how should the faith and transformation of the believer be understood in connection with our justification; what is the connection between our union with Christ and justification; what can we learn from Lutheran, Wesleyan and Anglican perspectives on justification; what does the Lutheran-Catholic Joint Declaration of 1999 contribute to current ecumenical discussions, and what prospects are there for real theological and ecclesiological reconciliation?
The magnificat : a study of Luke1:46-55
John's pharisees
The law in the fourth Gospel : the Torah and the Gospel, Moses and Jesus, Judaism and Christianity according to John
The passion according to Luke : the special material of Luke 22
Parallel lives of Jesus : a guide to the four gospels
The sheep of the fold : the audience and origin of the Gospel of John
A critical and exegetical commentary on the Gospel according to St. John
Lady wisdom, Jesus, and the sages : metaphor and social context in Matthew's Gospel
Jesus in Johannine tradition
The sheep and the goats
Let the reader understand : reader-response criticism & the Gospel of Mark
John among the Gospels
This third volume of 'Understanding What One Reads' includes forty-two studies of the New Testament. The three volumes cover 1992-2003 (I); 2003-2011 (II) and 2011-2014 (III). Though for the most part the content of this third volume falls under the category of responses to recent scholarly books or articles, some conference papers directed toward more general audience are included. In this volume Lambrecht continues his defense of the thesis of Mark's dependence on Q. In addition, a major subdivision reflects on Paul. At the end of this third book there is provided a canonical list of his English articles written between 1992-2014 from 'Collected Studies on Pauline Literature and the Book on Revelation' (Rome, 2001) as well as those in the three volumes of 'Understanding What One Reads'. These additional features will facilitate endeavors to follow the chronological development of Professor Lambrecht's thought.
The Book of Kells
"Let him who seeks, continue seeking" : the relationship between the Jewish-Christian gospels and the Gospel of Thomas
Reading Mark for the pleasure of fantasy
Jewish-Christian Gospel tradition
Studies in the Gospel according to St. Mark : for private and united study
Thomas, the other gospel
The gnostic gospels
Conversations with Scripture : the Gospel of Mark
Whether he is asking about the role of New Testament exegesis among other academic disciplines, the suppression of anger in Pauline writings, or at what point came to designate a written "Gospel," James A. Kelhoffer's patient and careful exegesis provides an intriguing lens through which to view early Christianity. Many struggles of early Christ believers, he finds, reflect intra-ecclesial struggles to establish the legitimacy of a view or a religious leader vis-à-vis competing ideologies or leaders. Those already familiar with Kelhoffer's Miracle and Mission (2000), The Diet of John the Baptist (2005) and Persecution, Persuasion and Power (2010) will find in this volume refreshing insights suggested but not developed in his other books.
The apocalyptic son of man in the gospel of John
Mysterious revelation : an examination of the philosophy of St. Mark's Gospel
Peter and the beloved disciple : figures for a community in crisis
Hermeneia : a critical and historical commentary on the Bible. John 2 : a commentary on the Gospel of John, chapters 7-21
The Old Syriac Gospels : studies and comparative translations. Volume 2, Luke and John
Luke: interpreter of Paul, critic of Matthew
From Thomas to Valentinus : Genesis exegesis in fragment 4 of Valentinus and its relationship to the Gospel of Thomas
Hearing the whole story : the politics of plot in Mark's Gospel
The Gospel of Thomas : the hidden sayings of Jesus
The good heart : a Buddhist perspective on the teachings of Jesus
The beloved disciple in John : ideal figure in an early Christian controversy
The exalted servant : patterns of redemption in the Fourth Gospel : an experiment in structural analysis
The fourth Gospel and Jewish worship : a study of the relation of St. John's Gospel to the ancient Jewish lectionary system
Discernment of revelation in the Gospel of Matthew
The Old Syriac Gospels : studies and comparative translations. Volume 1, Matthew and Mark
The Gospel of Matthew
John's apologetic christology : legitimation and development in Johannine christology
The making of the Sermon on the Mount : a procedural analysis of Matthew's redactoral activity. Pt. 1, Methodology & compositional analysis
The Gospel of Mark : a socio-rhetorical commentary
The barren temple and the withered tree : a redaction-critical analysis of the cursing of the fig-tree pericope in Mark's Gospel and its relation to the clenasing of the temple tradition
Jeremiah in Matthew's Gospel : the rejected-prophet motif in Matthaean redaction
Matthew : a commentary on his handbook for a mixed church under persecution
Befriending the beloved disciple : a Jewish reading of the Gospel of John
Entering the kingdom of heaven : a study on the structure of Matthew's view of salvation
Gospel and culture : an ongoing discussion within the ecumenical movement
The rhetorical impact of the Semeia in the Gospel of John
