http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1237 gulls
gulls
The odd colour of the last laid egg in Herring Gull Larus argentatus clutches: does it reflect egg quality?
The lighthouse keeper's lunch
High frequency of chick diseases in nominate Lesser Blackbacked Gulls Larus f. fuscus from the Gulf of Finland
Intracolonial differences in the infestation by Haemoproteus lari on Yellow-legged Gulls Larus cachinnans
Diet of Herring Gulls Larus argentatus during chick rearing in the Gulf of Finland
Breeding success, predation and local dynamics of colonial Common Gulls Larus canus
Brief report : The presence of conspicuous associates protects nesting Redshank Tringa totanus from aerial predators
Polychlorinated biphenyls in diseased lesser black-backed gull (Larus fuscus fuscus) chicks from the Gulf of Finland
Survey of springtime Arctic bird migration in Vyborg in 1988-2008 and in Kurortny District in 1992-2001
Tracing the process of self-regulated learning – students’ strategic activity in g/nStudy learning environment
I`m working for Nokia as an Operations specialist and my main jos is to monitor and operate production, development, test and training systems to provide 2nd level support for global SAP and e-business systems. When I started in this organization, we didn`t have any electronic tool for keeping a log of problems that occurred during the day. We needed a simple tool - a logbook - for a daily use. It should be easy to use, and it should include all necessary details about incidents that occur. The tool should help us to find similar cases which helps in troubleshooting. We should also be able to gather some statistic regarding which environments cause incidents, availability of systems, number of duty admin assignments etc. We decided to use an application that was already partly in use in our organization. The application is called HP OpenView Service Desk. Service Desk in an enterprise solution that enables organization to implement support processes and align IT processes with business needs. Service Desk is application that supports an integrated set of support processes such as call management, incident management and problem management with quality processes such as configurations, change, work and service level management. I designed and created the basic form, which is used to create new indicents to the logbook. The form changed a lot during this project, because we got more and more services to our resbonsibility and even more details were needed in order to get better statistics and reports. I also created some templates, filtered data views and reports. Eventually the logbook got a name Incident Management Tool and it was enladged to cover the whole organization, not just our team. It also generated certain Critical Incident Management and Communication Process, in which every member of our Incident Management and Communication Process, in which every member of our organization has a role and area of responsibility if a service or a part of serviceis down.
The mighty Thor : Everything burns
Deadpool's Art of war
Paddington king of the castle : numbers are fun with Paddington Bear!
Loki : Agent of Asgard. 1, Trust me
Log of the Centurion
Obin lahden heuglini-lokit : the heuglini gulls in the Bay of Ob
Development of incident management tool for it support organization
The birds of Ydre Kitsissut (Kitsissut Avalliit), Southwest Greenland
Jonathan Livingston Seagull
Paddington king of the castle : [numbers are fun with Paddington Bear]
Notes on some southern bird species found in the vicinity of Kevo in Utsjoki, Finnish Lapland
The mighty Thor : In the shadow of Mangog
Host selection by Arctic Skuas Stercorarius parasiticus in the North-western Mediterranean during spring migration
Seabirds of the world : photographic handbook
Survey on arctic bird migration and congregations in the White Sea, autumn 1999
Soggy the sailor
New perspectives from Japan and China
Predation risk associated with nesting in gull colonies by two Aythya species : observations and an experimental test
The truth about the Harry Quebert affair
The mighty Thor : Thunder in her veins
Thor & Loki : Blood brothers
The gospel of Loki
The seagull produced by Stanislavsky
Increased eggshell porosity in replacement clutches of the Black-headed Gull Larus ridibundus
A cat, a seagull, an impossible task... Caught up in an oil spill, a dying seagull scrambles ashore to lay her final egg and lands on a balcony, where she meets Zorba, a big black cat from the port of Hamburg. The cat promises the seagull to look after the egg, not to eat the chick once it's hatched and - most difficult of all - to teach the baby gull to fly. Will Zorba and his feline friends honour the promise and give Lucky, the adopted little seagull, the strength to discover her true nature?
Numerical and behavioural responses of breeding ducks to hunting and different ecological factors
Diet of courtship feeding Herring Gulls in the Gulf of Finland
Survey of arctic bird migration and staging areas at the White Sea, in the autumns of 1999 and 2004
Kamome Diner : cultural translation and the dialectics of otherness
The story of a seagull and the cat who taught her to fly
The mighty Thor. Volume 1
Gulls of Europe, Asia and North America
Reflections in a lake : a study of Chekhov's four greatest plays
Gulls : a guide to identification
Differences between diet of adult and chick Audouin's Gulls Larus audouinii at the Chafarinas Islands, SW Mediterranean
Variation in laying synchrony in a small Herring Gull colony
The problem of Loki
Immunocompetence and the prevalence of haematozoan parasites in two long-lived seabirds
New ultimates : Thor reborn
266 days under canvas : log book 1933-34
Steven Seagull : action hero
Deadpool's art of war
Egg size asymmetry within Herring Gull clutches predicts fledging success
Breeding and movements of the Herring Gull Larus argentatus in the northern Baltic : strategies for reproduction and survival of a successful species
Between the herring gull Larus argentatus and the bulldozer : black-headed gull Larus ridibundus feeding sites on a refuse dump
Loki in Scandinavian mythology
GMDSS radio log book : incorporating the simplified F/V GMDSS log book
Infectious bursal disease virus antibodies in eider ducks and herring gulls
Select bibliography
Designing and implementing performance monitoring tool
Incidence of a Haemoproteus lari parasitemia in a threatened Gull: Larus audouinii
Swimming through troubled waters : eutrophication of the Baltic Sea and parasites of the threespine stickleback
The Master's Role in Collecting Evidence
Utilisation of fishery waste by Kelp Gulls attending coastal trawl and longline vessels in northern Patagonia, Argentina
On board
The year of reading dangerously : how fifty great books (and two not-so-great ones) saved my life
Egg-size variation and reproductive success in the Herring Gull Larus argentatus: adaptive or constrained size of the last egg?
Mediterranean Gull : Mustanmerenlokki
Dying in the midst of plenty - the third-chick fate in nominate Lesser Black-backed Gulls Larus f. fuscus
A history of the practice of navigation
Flight identification of European seabirds
Drawing and painting the seashore
Further comments on nest density effects in large gulls
