http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12394 state pensions
state pensions
Domain linkages and privatization in social security
Work incentives in the Danish welfare state : new empirical evidence
Tax subsidies : achievement of accountability
Revisiting the welfare state
Transformations of the welfare state : small countries, big lessons
Welfare state, universalism and diversity
Indirect public administration in the fields of education and pensions = L'Administration publigue indirecte : Les domaines de l'education et des pensions
Down from the heavens, up from the ashes : the Finnish economic crisis of the 1990s in the light of economic and social research
Reforming the Bismarckian welfare systems
The politics of social risk : business and welfare state development
Rethinking the welfare state : a challenge for the private sector : X International Conference of Private Business Associations, Madrid, October, 1996.
The transformation of old age security : class and politics in the American welfare state
Rethinking the welfare state : the political economy of pension reform
My mother and father's keeper? : the social and economic features of intergenerational solidarity
Welfare state and work : work disintensives of pension shemes
Ageing report : overall assessment of the effects of ageing and the adequacy of preparation for demographic changes
European pension systems on the move : a comparative study of Germany, the United Kingdom and Finland
Country economic review : People's Republic of China : October 1998.
Pension policies and public debt in dynamic CGE models
Institutional investors in the new financial landscape
Managing change : developing performance excellence
Social services of general interest in the EU
Enterprise and the welfare state
Pension rights in welfare capitalism : the development of old-age pensions in 18 OECD countries 1930 to 1985
Summary (s. 193-198). - Abstract: Making of national pension strategies and the European Union open method of co-operation.
Citizens, elites and the welfare state : opinions on pension policy in Finland
FinnAge - Respect for the aging : action programme to promote health, work ability and well-being of aging workers in 1990-96
Refining the social dimension in an enlarged EU
Alternatives for welfare policy : coping with internationalisation and demographic change
What future for social security? : debates and reforms in national and cross-national perspective
Confidence and changes : managing social protection in the new millenium
Welfare and work in the open economy. Vol. 2, Diverse responses to common challenges
Welfare in an idle society? : reinventing retirement, work, wealth, health, and welfare
Family and the welfare state in Europe : intergenerational relations in ageing societies
The welfare state in Europe : challenges and reforms
The politics of welfare state reform in continental Europe : modernization in hard times
The effects of pension systems reform on retirement and government finances : predictions using Danish data on married couples
Alvar Aalto elevating the everyday : The Social Insurance Institution Headquarters designed by Alvar Aalto celebrates its 50th anniversary
For all these rights : business, labor, and the shaping of America's public-private welfare state
Ageing and the transition to retirement : a comparative analysis of European welfare states
The three pillars of wisdom? : a reader on globalization, World Bank pension models and welfare society
Predictors of early retirement in British civil servants
European economy. Reports and studies. 1997, 4, The welfare state in Europe
Social security in Europe : development or dismantlement?
The privatization of social policy? : occupational welfare and the welfare state in America, Scandinavia and Japan
Risk and welfare : examining stability and change in "welfare" policies
Abstract: Population ageing and social expenditure in Finland.
The economic consequences of rolling back the welfare state
Engaging the law in China : state, society, and possibilities for justice
Retrenchment or renewal? : welfare states in times of economic crisis
The culture of welfare markets : the international recasting of pension and care systems
The welfare state in the European Union : economic and social perspectives
The nordic model of welfare : a historical reappraisal
The broad tracks of path dependent benefit reforms : a longitudinal study of social benefit reforms in three European countries, 1980-2006
Making a European welfare state? : convergences and conflicts over European social policy
Essays on the structure of social protection financing
Social policy in tandem with the labour market in the European Union
New social policy agendas for Europe and Asia : challenges, experience, and lessons
The future of the welfare state : European and global perspectives
Social protection in the 13 candidate countries : a comparative analysis
Pension schemes in the making : a comparative study of the Scandinavian countries
The welfare state as piggy bank : information, risk, uncertainty and the role of the state
Rethinking social risk in the Nordics
