http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12379 gospels (Bible)
gospels (Bible)
Christian anarchism : a political commentary on the Gospel
Dictionary of Jesus and the Gospels
The rejection of Pascal's wager : a skeptic's guide to the Bible and the historical Jesus
The Gospel according to St Matthew : a text and commentary for students
The non-canonical gospels
The claim that the events of Jesus' life, death, and resurrection took place 'according to the Scriptures' stands at the heart of the New Testament's earliest message. All four canonical Gospels declare that the Torah, Prophets and Psalms mysteriously prefigure Jesus. In this ground-breaking new book, Hays traces the strategies the Gospel writers employ to 'read backwards', showing how the Old Testament figuratively discloses the astonishing truth about Jesus' identity. Written by one of the world's most widely respected writers on the New Testament Shows how a close reading of the Gospels points unmistakably to an early belief in the divinity of Jesus' identity -- Review: 'Hays opens new and striking vistas on texts we thought we knew - and, particularly, on the early church's remarkable belief in Jesus as the embodiment of Israel's God.' N. T. Wright 'Few people are better qualified than Hays to take us right inside the ways the Gospels interpret the Old Testament. And, as though that were not enough for one short book, his hermeneutical quest also delivers a christological result. He shows how, precisely in their reading of the Old Testament, each of the Gospels in its own distinctive way presents Jesus as the very embodiment of the God of Israel. Intertextuality and high christology turn out to be two sides of a coin.' Richard Bauckham, Emeritus Professor, University of St Andrews.
Apocryphal gospels : an introduction
Conceptions of "gospel" and legitimacy in early christianity
The Gospel according to Matthew : in the revised standard deition
Literary criticism and the Gospels : the theoretical challenge
Early Christians built on the stories of Jesus' and Mary's birth and childhood. Their later accounts, many of them found nowadays among collections of non-canonical ('apocryphal') texts, are important and interesting. They give insights into the growth of Christian theology, especially concerning the role and status of Mary, and also the way in which the earliest stories were elaborated and interpreted in popular folk religion. A range of the earliest accounts is presented here in fresh translations. This second edition contains some texts originally in a variety of different languages such as Armenian, Ethiopic, Coptic and Irish, not available at the time of the first edition. The texts are arranged in small units and synoptically, in order to permit readers to compare texts and to see the differences and similarities between them. J.K. Elliott has selected and arranged the texts, and he provides introductory and concluding chapters. He also includes a full and helpful bibliography to benefit readers who may wish to pursue this comparative study more deeply.
Messiah, the healer of the sick : a study of Jesus as the Son of David in the Gospel of Matthew
Q-Synopsis : the double tradition passages in Greek
Bart Ehrman—the New York Times bestselling author of Misquoting Jesus and a recognized authority on the early Christian Church—and Zlatko Plese here offer a groundbreaking edition of the Apocryphal Gospels, one that breathes new life into the non-canonical texts that were once nearly lost to history. In The Other Gospels, Ehrman and Plese present a rare compilation of over 40 ancient gospel texts and textual fragments that do not appear in the New Testament. This essential collection contains Gospels describing Jesus's infancy, ministry, Passion, and resurrection, as well as the most controversial manuscript discoveries of modern times, including the most significant Gospel discovered in the 20th century—the Gospel of Thomas—and the most recently discovered Gospel, the Gospel of Judas Iscariot. Each translation begins with a thoughtful examination of key historical, literary, and textual issues that places each Gospel in its proper context. The end result is a resource that enables anyone interested in Christianity or the early Church to understand—better than ever before—the deeper meanings of these apocryphal Gospels. The Other Gospels is much more than an annotated guide to the Gospels. Through its authoritative use of engaging, accurate translations, it provides an unprecedented look at early Christianity and the New Testament. This is an indispensable volume for any reader interested in church history, antiquity, or the Christian faith.
New Testament and mission : historical and hermeneutical perspectives
Gospel truth? : today's quest for Jesus of Nazareth
Jesus ́death in early christian memory : the poetics of the passion
The secret books of the Egyptian Gnostics : an introduction to the Gnostic Coptic manuscripts discovered at Chenoboskion
Papers on the gospels : Sixth International Congress on Biblical Studies, Oxford 3 - 7 April 1978
Jesus and the forgiveness of sins : an aspect of his prophetic mission
The first Christmas : the King James version
Jesus and the law in the synoptic tradition
Memory, Jesus, and the Synoptic Gospels
The New Testament as true fiction : literature, literary criticism, aesthetics
The symbolic narratives of the fourth Gospel : the interplay of form and meaning
Introduction to the synoptic gospels
The parables of Jesus
Gospel images of Jesus Christ in church tradition and in biblical scholarship : fifth International East-West Symposium of New Testament Scholars, Minsk, September 2 to 9, 2010
The Gospels for all Christians : rethinking the Gospel audiences
Jouluevankeliumi : The Good News of Christmas
Naming Jesus : titular christology in the Gospel of Mark
Jesus of Nazareth
Binding the Strong Man : A Political Reading of Mark's Story of Jesus
The Gospels : Authorized King James Version
The structure of Matthew's Gospel : a study in literary design
Gospel books and early Latin manuscripts
The Gospels
The gospel of Thomas
The biblical world. Vol. 2
The life and ministry of Jesus
The Gospel of Mary of Magdala : Jesus and the first woman apostle
The temple of Jesus' body : the temple theme in the Gospel of John
Conceptual glossary and index to the Vulgate translation of the Gospel according to John
Characterization in the Gospels : reconceiving narrative criticism
Only recently have studies of the synoptic problem begun to ground their assessments of literary dependence in ancient literary conventions. In an effort to appreciate more fully the evangelists' modus operandi, this study examines their appeal to Greco-Roman rhetoric, the "science of speaking well". Focusing on a rhetorical form called the chreia, the book examines rhetorical techniques and reasons for chreia adaptation, particularly reasons why authors changed this form, both in theory and in the practice of the Hellenistic authors Plutarch and Josephus. With these reasons in mind, the study assesses literary dependence among the synoic gospels, examining in detail a Triple Tradition and Double Tradition _chreia_. In the end, this work illustrates that hypotheses of Markan priority, like the Farrer Hypothesis and Two-Document Hypothesis, are more rhetorically plausible than hypotheses of Matthean priority. While Matthew and Luke's adaptations of Mark tend to reflect the rhetorical reasoning that we should expect, Mark's reasoning is often problematic, for Mark repeatedly works against the fundamental rhetorical principles of clarity and propriety.
According to Mary : [the life of Mary Magdalene : a novel]
The lost Gospel : the quest for the Gospel of Judas Iscariot
Jesus and Gospel traditions in bilingual context : a study in the interdirectionality of language
The Gospel of John : introduction, exposition and notes
The quest of the historical gospel : Mark, John  and the origins of the gospel genre
This volume contains a collection of twenty-one essays of John S. Kloppenborg, with four foci: conceptual and methodological issues in the Synoptic Problem; the Sayings Gospel Q; the Gospel of Mark; and the Parables of Jesus. Kloppenborg, a major contributor to the Synoptic Problem, is especially interested in how one constructs synoptic hypotheses, always aware of the many gaps in our knowledge, the presence of competing hypotheses, and the theological and historical entailments in any given hypothesis. Common to the essays in the remaining three sections is the insistence that the literature, thought and practices of the early Jesus movement must be treated with a deep awareness of their social, literary, and intellectual contexts. The context of the early Jesus movement is illumined not simply by resort to the literary and historical sources produced by Greek and Roman elites but, more importantly, by data gathered from documentary sources available in non-literary papyri.
Parallel Gospels : a synopsis of early Christian writing
Paul's apostleship and the concept of diakonia in 2 Corinthians
The strange Gospel : narrative design and point of view in John
The four Gospels on Sunday : the New Testament and the reform of Christian worship
The book of love
The old is better : New Testament essays in support of traditional interpretations
Jesus on trial : a lawyer affirms the truth of the gospel
This investigation makes a significant contribution to scholarship in that it helps translators to more accurately understand, interpret, and translate the scriptures in the light of information provided in this manuscript. This will be invaluable to Bible scholars, translators, linguists and any serious student of the Scriptures. This study explores a peculiar Semitic syntactical construction known as verbal coordination in Hebrew as defined by Gesenius, whereby two verbs joined in a tight construction function as a grammatical unit, the first verb modifying the second as to the manner of its action. Evidence presented from the Hebrew Scriptures through the Dead Sea Scrolls and the Targumim to the Old Syriac Gospels shows this structure also occurs in Aramaic. Grammaticizing offers a rationale for this usage, compensating in part for the scarcity of natural adverbs in the Semitic languages. It is demonstrated that this construction underlies certain clumsy expressions in the Greek text of the Gospels, which offers a different perspective for understanding, interpretation, and translating the text with particular application to the life and teachings of Jesus. A representative number of verses considered from the Gospels illustrate the principles and implications of the thesis. This work will appeal, not only to Biblical scholars and translators, but also to any serious student of the Scriptures and to linguists in general.
This book tracks the use of a single saying of Jesus over time and among theologically divergent authors and communities and identifies six different versions of the saying in the canonical gospels and epistles, as well as the Gospel of Thomas and Q. After tracing the tradition and redaction history of this wisdom admonition, the author observes at least two distinctly different wisdom themes that are applied to the saying: the proper disposition of wealth and the search for knowledge, wisdom, or God. What he discovers is a saying of Jesus with roots in Jewish wisdom and pietistic traditions, as well as popular Greek philosophy that proved amazingly adaptable in its application to differing social and rhetorical contexts of the first century.
Key events in the life of the historical Jesus : a collaborative exploration of context and coherence
The book of Kells : the manuscript in Trinity College, Dublin
Consumption and wealth in Luke's travel narrative
The Resurrection
Setting words on fire : putting God at the center of the sermon
Bradley W. Root offers a thorough re-examination of the relevant literary and archaeological evidence for first century Galilee. Root argues that previous scholarship on Galilee has generally failed to make appropriate distinctions between the different sources of information for the region's history. He therefore adopts a strict method of historical inquiry, evaluating each of the relevant literary sources and the archaeological evidence discretely before interpreting the evidence collectively. Root concludes with a historical reconstruction of first century Galilee, arguing that the region was politically stable until the Great Revolt of 66 CE. He also illustrates that Galilean culture was substantially influenced by Judean culture and that Galilee had significantly fewer socio-economic problems than Judea. He contends that the Jewish communities along the Sea of Galilee developed their own distinct regional culture.
The story of Jesus and the blind man : a speech act reading of John 9
The patristic gospels : an English version of the holy gospels as they existed in the second century
In this new commentary on the controversial Gospel of Thomas, Simon Gathercole provides the most extensive analysis yet published of both the work as a whole and of the individual sayings contained in it. This commentary offers a fresh analysis of Thomas not from the perspective of form criticism and source criticism but seeks to elucidate the meaning of the work and its constituent elements in its second-century context. With its lucid discussion of the various controversial aspects of Thomas, and treatment of the various different scholarly views, this is a foundational work of reference for scholars not just of apocryphal Gospels, but also for New Testament scholars, Classicists and Patrologists.
An investigation into the social and political history of the Synoptic texts from their roots through to the writing of the Gospels.
Windows on Jesus : methods in Gospel exegesis
Proclaiming the Gospel : preaching for the life of the church
What are the Gospels? : a comparision with Graeco-Roman biography
The oral and the written Gospel : the hermeneutics of speaking and writing in the synoptic tradition, Mark, Paul and Q
Rabbinic literature and Gospel teachings
Jesus, Paul, and the Gospels
"One of the main ways Jesus taught people was through the use of parables. Through an exploration of the literary genre popular in the ancient world, distinguished Jesus scholar John Dominic Crossan dissects the versions we read in the Gospels to get back to what Jesus really intended to teach. Next, Crossan reveals how Jesus's use of parables inspired the Gospel writers themselves to come up with meaningful, metaphorical stories of Jesus to help them explain their own views of who they thought this Messiah really was. By unlocking the meaning and purposes of the Gospel's parables, we can arrive at a better portrait of this enigmatic and charismatic Jewish figure who transformed his world and the next two thousand years of history"--
The gospel of Barnabas as a counter-history in the power relations of Morisco Spain
Jesus and the gospels : an introduction to gospel literature and Jesus studies
The Gospel of Judas : Coptic text, translation, and historical interpretation of the 'Betrayer's Gospel'
"The Gospels record that Jesus purported to forgive sins. What significance would such a claim have had for his contemporaries and what would the implications have been for his identity as a first-century popular prophet? Tobias Ha;gerland answers these questions and more as he investigates the forgiveness of sins in the mission of the historical Jesus. The Gospels are interpreted within the context of first-century Judaism as part of a broader reconstruction of Jesus' career as a healer and prophet, and rhetorical criticism is introduced as a tool for explaining how the gospel tradition about Jesus and forgiveness developed. Ha;gerland combines detailed exegesis and rigorous methodology with a holistic view of the historical Jesus, evaluating recent scholarship about first-century Jewish prophets and utilizing previously neglected textual evidence to present a thorough investigation of the theology of forgiveness in early Judaism and primitive Christianity"--Provided by publisher.
The audience of the Gospels : the origin and function of the Gospels in early Christianity
Following Jesus : dicipleship in the Gospel of Mark
A full and exact collation of about twenty Greek manuscripts of the holy gospels
The Gospel of Thomas : introduction and commentary
Seeking the imperishable treasure : wealth, wisdom, and a Jesus saying
The genesis of secrecy : on the interpretation of narrative
The biblical world. Vol. 1
Paul Penley advances our understanding of the sources used behind the composition of John's Apocalypse by performing a source-critical investigation of selected portions of the Apocalypse and of the Gospels of Matthew and Luke. Penley applies specific criteria for compositional influence (shared vocabulary, phrases, grammar, syntax, ideas, and contexts) to these texts demonstrating clear links between them. Penley first surveys recent research on tracing oral traditions behind the Synoptic Gospels, and on how John's Old Testament allusions have been mediated through Jewish and Christian interpretive traditions. He then conducts a comparative analysis of Synoptic sayings of judgment and John's Apocalypse, finding many instances of shared tradition. One example is Revelation 6, which Penley identifies as sharing a common sequence with Luke 21. The cumulative weight and character of the unique connections examined in this work expose a common oral tradition that framed Old Testament prophetic material in a recognizable but flexible manner.
This book is a study of the Johannine Christian response to the fall of the Jerusalem Temple in 70 ce. A crucial text in this investigation is Jn 2.13-22 and its context, which provide a lens through which other texts in John are viewed. Kerr's examination of the Temple festivals of Passover, Tabernacles, Dedication suggests that in Jesus fulfils and replaces these, while in the case of the Sabbath he effects a transformation. The overall conclusion is that the Johannine Jesus replaces and fulfils the Jerusalem Temple.
Studies in the Gospel of John and its Christology : festschrift Gilbert van Belle
Jesus through Middle Eastern eyes : cultural studies in the Gospels
Sense and stigma in the gospels : depictions of sensory-disabled characters
Jesus and the gospel women
Thomasine traditions in antiquity : the social and cultural world of the Gospel of Thomas
A synopsis of the Apocryphal nativity and infancy narratives
First Century Galilee : a Fresh Examination of the Sources
Secret Gospels : essays on Thomas and the secret Gospel of Mark
The living text of the Gospels
Infancy Gospels : stories and identities
The formation of Q : trajectories in ancient wisdom collections
From the Gospel to the Gospels : history, theology, and impact of the biblical term euangelion
The sayings Gospel Q : collected essays
From the sayings to the Gospels
Christian anarchism has been around for at least as long as "secular" anarchism. The existing literature cites Leo Tolstoy as its most famous (sometimes even as the only) proponent, but there are many others, such as Jacques Ellul, Vernard Eller, Dave Andrews or the people associated with the Catholic Worker movement. Both individually and collectively, these Christian anarchists offer a compelling critique of the state, the church and the economy based on numerous passages from the New Testament. Christian anarchism, the first generic study bringing together these different thinkers and reflecting on their contribution, is here made available in an abridged edition, thereby presenting Christian anarchism to a wider public. -- Cover.
Synoptic problems : collected essays
The senses are used within New Testament texts as instruments of knowledge and power and thus constitute important mediators of cultural knowledge and experience. Likewise, those instances where sensory faculty is perceived to be 'disabled' in some way also become key sites for ideological commentary and critique. However, often biblical scholarship, itself 'disabled' by eye-centric and textocentric 'norms', has read sensory-disabled characters as nothing more than inert sites of healing; their agency, including their alternative sensory modes of communication and resistance to oppression, remain largely unaddressed. In response, Louise J. Lawrence seeks to initiate a variety of interdisciplinary dialogues with disability studies and sensory anthropology in a quest to refigure characters with sensory disabilities featured in the gospels and provide alternative interpretations of their conditions and social interactions. In each instance the identity of those stigmatised as 'other' (according to particular physiological, social and cultural 'norms') are recovered by exploring ethnographic accounts which document the stories of those experiencing similar rejection on account of perceived sensory 'difference' in diverse cross-cultural settings. Through this process these 'disabled' characters are recast as individuals capable of employing certain strategies which destabilize the stigma imposed upon them and tactical performers who can subversively achieve their social goals.
The content and setting of the Gospel tradition
Codex Alexandrinus is one of the three earliest surviving entire Greek Bibles and is an important fifth-century witness to the Christian Scriptures, yet no major analysis of the codex has been performed in over a century. In A Study of the Gospels in Codex Alexandrinus W. Andrew Smith delivers a fresh and highly-detailed examination of the codex and its rich variety of features using codicology, palaeography, and statistical analysis. Among the highlights of this study, W. Andrew Smith's work overturns the view that a single scribe was responsible for copying the canonical books of the New Testament and demonstrates that the orthographic patterns in the Gospels can no longer be used to argue for Egyptian provenance of the codex.
Reading backwards : figural Christology and the fourfold gospel witness
Immanuel : the coming of Jesus in art and the Bible
Matthew's narrative web : over, and over, and over again
The common tradition behind synoptic sayings of judgment and John's Apocalypse : an oral interpretive tradition of OT prophetic material
Ancient rhetoric and the synoptic problem : clarifying Markan priority
Verbal aspect in synoptic parallels : on the method and meaning of divergent tense-form usage in the synoptic passion narratives
Gospel truth? : new light on Jesus and the Gospels
Jesus, Gospel tradition and Paul in the context of Jewish and Greco-Roman antiquity : collected essays II
New Gospel parallels. Volume 2, John and the other Gospels
The Fourth Gospel and its predecessor : from narrative source to present Gospel
The fourth Gospel
John, Jesus, and history. Vol. 1, Critical appraisals of critical views
Freedom as liberating power : a socio-political reading of the exousia texts in the Gospel of Mark
The complete Gospel parallels
The gospels in context : social and political history in the synoptic tradition
Studies in the Gospel of John and Its Christology brings together a number of essays in honour of Gilbert Van Belle, professor of New Testament Studies at the Catholic University of Leuven. Some thirty colleagues responded to the invitation to contribute an essay on an aspect of the Christology of the Fourth Gospel. The editors have tried to cover all the important passages, and many more, that deal with this crucial topic in Johannine studies, which was also very much a focus of Van Belle's own research. The essays are arranged according to the structure of the gospel. The first two contributions deal with hermeneutical issues in the prologue. They are followed by essays on (parts of) each chapter, including the epilogue in John 21, and one essay on the faith and witness motif in 1 John 5,6-12. The volume also includes the complete academic bibliography of the honouree.
The fourth Gospel and Jewish worship
The evangelicals and the synoptic problem
The Arabic versions of the gospels : the manuscripts and their families
The Book of Durrow : a medieval masterpiece at Trinity College Dublin
Foolishness to the Greeks : The gospel and western culture. ; Lesslie Newbigin
A theory of primitive Christian religion
The Gospels in the schools c. 1100 - c. 1280
"Addresses the issue of how the Christianity depicted in and represented by the individual Gospels relates to the vision of Christianity represented by Paul and the Pauline writings. This raises such questions as to what extent did Paul influence the canonical and non-canonical Gospels? In what way are the Gospels reactions to Paul and his legacy? The contributors compare the Gospels and Paul on topics such as Old Testament Law, Gentile mission, Christology and early church leadership structures"--From publisher description.
Writing in Greek but thinking in Aramaic : a study of vestigial verbal coordination in the Gospels
Narrative art and act in the Fourth Gospel
Scrolls, scriptures, and early Christianity
The son rises : the historical evidence for the resurrection of Jesus
On the fringes of canon: Eusebius' view of the "Gospel of the Hebrews"
The Gospel according to St. John. Vol. 2, The Majuscules
Who chose the Gospels? : probing the great Gospel conspiracy
An Aramaic approach to the Gospels and Acts
The Gospel of Nicodemus
The Cambridge companion to the Gospels
The Lord's Prayer in the Sayings gospel Q
Jesus and the parable of  the prodigal son
The passion according to Luke : the special material of Luke 22
Christ and Caesar : the Gospel and the Roman Empire in the writings of Paul and Luke
Parallel lives of Jesus : a guide to the four gospels
Mark & method : new approaches in biblical studies
The gospel of Judas : Juudaksen kadonnut evankeliumi
In this stimulating work, one of the most renowned scholars of ancient Judaism explores how Jesus' proclamation of the kingdom and the earliest Jesus movement fit into the Jewish world of Judea and Galilee. In this revised edition of an earlier work, Vermes includes five new chapters.
Thomas and the gospels : the making of an apocryphal text
John among the Gospels
The temporal mechanics of the Fourth Gospel : a theory of hermeneutical relativity in the Gospel of John
The Gospel of the Savior : an analysis of P. Oxy 840 and its place in the Gospel traditions of early Christianity
Paul and the gospels : christologies, conflicts and convergences
The Gospel of Mary : listening to the beloved disciple
The Lord's prayer in the sayings Gospel Q
Jesus and the Gospels
The Book of Kells
The story of Christmas : from the King James Bible
The discipleship paradigm : readers and anonymous characters in the fourth Gospel
"Are the Synoptic Gospels at odds with Early Christian art and archaeology? Art and archaeology cannot provide the material basis 'to secure the irrefutable inner continuity' of the Christian beginnings (Erich Dinkler); can the Synoptic Gospels step in? Their narratives, however, are as absent from the first hundred and fifty years of early Christianity as are their visual imageries. 'Many of the dates confidently assigned by modern experts to the New Testament documents', especially the Gospels, rest 'on presuppositions rather than facts' (J.A.T. Robinson). The present volume is the first systematic study of all available early evidence that we have about the first witness to our Gospel narratives, Marcion of Sinope. It evaluates our commonly known arguments for dating the Synoptic Gospels, elaborates on Marcion's crucial role in the Gospel making and argues for a re-dating of the Gospels to the years between 138 and 144 AD."--P. [4] of cover.
Matthew and the margins : a sociopolitical and religious reading
Lost scriptures : books that did not make it into the New Testament
The Aramaic origin of the fourth gospel
A study of the Gospels in Codex Alexandrinus : codicology, palaegraphy, and scribal hands
The other Gospels : accounts of Jesus from outside the New Testament
The earliest life of Christ ever compiled from the four Gospels : being the Diatessaron of Tatian [circ. A. D. 160] literally translated from the Arabic version and containing the four Gospels woven into one story
The Evangelicals and the Synoptic Problem aims to investigate how evangelical Christians and their Protestant forebears, labeled early orthodox Protestants, have dealt with the classic puzzle of New Testament criticism known as the Synoptic Problem. The particular theories considered are the Independence Hypothesis, the Augustinian Hypothesis, the Two-Gospel Hypothesis, the Two-Source Hypothesis, and the Farrer Hypothesis. Starting with John Calvin and continuing to the modern day, consideration is given to the various hypotheses provided by early orthodox Protestant and evangelical biblical scholars throughout the centuries. Special attention is given to major evangelical contributors to the subject since 1950. In addition, a chapter is devoted to the role ecclesiology has played in evangelical consideration of the synoptic problem. After analyzing the opinions offered over almost half a millennium, it is compelling to note how arguments have changed and how they have remained the same.
In Verbal Aspect in Synoptic Parallels Wally Cirafesi answers the question of why the Synoptic Gospels at times employ different tense-forms to communicate the same action. The problem has typically been explained from the perspective of redaction criticism and temporal Aktionsart approaches to the Greek verb. Cirafesi challenges these approaches by reframing the discussion in terms of recent advances in verbal aspect theory and discourse analysis. He convincingly demonstrates that such differences in tense-form usage have to do with how each Gospel writer wishes to construct their discourses according to various levels of linguistic prominence.
The formation of the Gospel tradition : eight lectures
The gnostic gospels
Studies in the accidence of the Lindisfarne Gospels
Whether he is asking about the role of New Testament exegesis among other academic disciplines, the suppression of anger in Pauline writings, or at what point came to designate a written "Gospel," James A. Kelhoffer's patient and careful exegesis provides an intriguing lens through which to view early Christianity. Many struggles of early Christ believers, he finds, reflect intra-ecclesial struggles to establish the legitimacy of a view or a religious leader vis-à-vis competing ideologies or leaders. Those already familiar with Kelhoffer's Miracle and Mission (2000), The Diet of John the Baptist (2005) and Persecution, Persuasion and Power (2010) will find in this volume refreshing insights suggested but not developed in his other books.
Jewish law from Jesus to the Mishnah : five studies
Lords of the scrolls : literary traditions in the Bible and Gospels
The essays by Christopher Tuckett collected in this volume represent a number of studies, published over a period of 30 years, seeking to throw light on the way in which Jesus traditions were developed and used in early Christianity. Many of the essays are concerned in one way or other with the Sayings Source “Q”, discussing its existence, its possible pre-history, and key features of the material it contains. Further essays look at Jesus tradition in Paul and in the Gospel of Thomas. In a final section the author focuses on the individual synoptic gospels, with a number of studies concerned with Christology, especially the use of the term “Son of Man”. These essays show that early Christian traditions about Jesus can provide valuable information not only about Jesus but also about how early Christians used these traditions to relate to their own situations and contexts.
Mysterious revelation : an examination of the philosophy of St. Mark's Gospel
The Gospel of Judas : from Codex Tchacos
The story begins with the exciting story of the discovery of the Gospel in Egypt in 1978, and its subsequent movements from one antiquities dealer to another. We discover how this precious document eventually finds a home in a New York safety deposit box, where is languishes for years with a $3 million price tag, before it is finally published to huge public attention and fanfare. More than just the story of The Gospel of Judas since it had been found, Churton also discusses how it relates to the historical place of the Judas: how he has been maligned and misrepresented across the centuries. This fascinating book sheds new light on the real nature of Jesus, and presents a daring speculation on the endeavours he planned with his disciples in Jerusalem, Judea and Galilee. "The Kiss of Death" is an explosive book that explains the text of The Gospel of Judas, its context in modern Christianity, as well as the importance of its discovery and subsequent publication.
The Christmas star
New Gospel parallels. Vol. 1, The Synoptic Gospels
The gospels and Jesus
John's relationship with Mark : an analysis of John 6 in the light of Mark 6-8
A guinea pig nativity
Narrative elements in the double tradition : a study of their place within the framwork of the gospel narrative
What are they saying about the Gospel of Thomas?
Kiss of death : the true history of the Gospel of Judas
Unity and diversity in the Gospels and Paul : essays in honor of Frank J. Matera
The exalted servant : patterns of redemption in the Fourth Gospel : an experiment in structural analysis
The Gospel in brief
A Synopsis of the first three Gospels
The complete Gospels : annotated Scholars Version
The power of parable : how fiction by Jesus became fiction about Jesus
John's apologetic christology : legitimation and development in Johannine christology
The Gospel of Matthew
Gospel fictions
Johannine faith and liberating community
Understanding what one reads II : essays on the Gospels and Paul
Jesus in his Jewish context
Structuring early Christian memory : Jesus in tradition, performance, and text
The barren temple and the withered tree : a redaction-critical analysis of the cursing of the fig-tree pericope in Mark's Gospel and its relation to the clenasing of the temple tradition
Season's greetings: a special issue for immigrants
The Johannine exegesis of God : an exploration into the Johannine understanding of God
Marcion and the dating of the synoptic gospels
The liberated Gospel : a comparison of the Gospel of Mark and Greek tragedy
