http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12321 disaster medicine
disaster medicine
Anaesthesia/analgesia in remote locations
Oxford American handbook of disaster medicine
Disaster health management : a primer for students and practitioners
The essential guide to managing corporate crises : a step-by-step handbook for surviving major catastrophes
An imperfect offering : dispatches from the medical frontline
Medical disaster response : a survival guide for hospitals in mass casualty events
Five days at Memorial : life and death in a storm-ravaged hospital
Conflict and catastrophe medicine : a practical guide
"As societies become more complex and interconnected, the global risk for catastrophic disasters is increasing. Demand for expertise to mitigate the human suffering and damage these events cause is also high. A new field of disaster medicine is emerging, offering innovative approaches to optimize disaster management. Much of the information needed to create the foundation for this growing specialty is not objectively described or is scattered among multiple different sources. Now, for the first time, a coherent and comprehensive collection of scientific observations and evidence-based recommendations with expert contributors from around the globe is available in Koenig and Schultz's Disaster Medicine: Comprehensive Principles and Practices. This definitive work on Disaster Medicine identifies essential subject matter, clarifies nomenclature, and outlines necessary areas of proficiency for healthcare professionals handling mass casualty crises. It also describes in-depth strategies for the rapid diagnosis and treatment of victims suffering from blast injuries or exposure to chemical, biological, and radiological agents"--Provided by publisher.
The use of novel information technology in military medicine and mass casualty situation training
Dictionary of disaster medicine and humanitarian relief
The strain. Volume 3 : The fall
Disaster medicine : a case based approach
Manual on the rights and duties of medical personnel in armed conflicts
The Strain. Volume 3, The fall
Collection includes issues #1–#4 of the acclaimed series and the short story The Silver angel / written drawn by David Lapham featured in Dark Horse Presents.
Disaster nursing : a handbook for practice
The diploma of the medical care of catastrophes (DMCC)
The fall
The strain
Computer-assisted dental identification of disaster victims and unknown corpses
Disaster management : international lessons in risk reduction, response and recovery
Koenig and Schultz's disaster medicine : comprehensive principles and practices
Medical challenges of internal conflicts
Tactical emergency care : military and operational out-of-hospital medicine
Family health care nursing : theory, practice and research
Dental identification and aspects of medico-legal investigations of the Finnish victims of the Sumatra-Andaman earthquake on 26 December 2004
