http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12386 Old Literary Finnish
Old Literary Finnish
Spreading the written word : Mikael Agricola and the birth of literary Finnish
On Some Problems of Old Finnish Syntax
Select bibliography
Mikael Agricola's Gospel according to St Mark : (P[yhen] Marcusen Evangelium)
Mythology of the case suffix -n. A genetic-typological case study of the datival genitive in Old Finnish
Allative, genitive and partitive. On the dative in Old Finnish
Families in struggle : child mental health and family well-being in Finland during the economic recession of the 1990s : the importance of parenting
Written Finnish and its development
Work in care for the elderly : combining theories of job design, stress, information processing and organizational cultures
Cultural images of a good mother and a good father in three generations
Parents' causal attributions concerning their children's academic achievement
Reconstructing Medieval Finnish
Folklore and written traditions of the finno-ugric peoples : abstracts of the day of Agricola conference
Women's voices : female authors and feminist criticism in the Finnish literary tradition
Mikael Agricola's Gospel according to St Mark
On the emergence of new verbal nouns at the threshold of the early modern Finnish period
A specimen of old Finnish chancery language and its Swedish original
Twenty years of Old Literary Finnish   - from manual to computer-assisted research
Fluid intransitivity in Old Finnish
Royal biographies and battle accounts - samples of 17th century official Finnish
Computerized corpora : shortcuts to research into old literary Finnish
The language of old Estonian and Finnish hymns
Vanhan kirkon satukirja = [Tales from the Old Church]
Language contact and structural change : an old Finnish case study
Summary in Finnish.
The arrival of the Reformation was the decisive impetus for literary development in Finland. The principle of Lutheranism was that the people had to get to hear and read the word of God in their own mother tongue. If there previously was no literary language, it had to be created. The first Finnish books were produced by Mikael Agricola. He was born an ordinary son of a farmer, but his dedication to his studies opened up the road to leading roles in the Finnish Church. He was able to bring a total of nine works in Finnish to print, which became the foundation of literary Finnish. This book describes the historical background of Mikael Agricola, his life, his personal networks, the Finnish works published by Agricola, research on Agricola and Agricolas role in contemporary Finnish culture. The most extensive chapter is a depiction of Agricolas Finnish. The book was written with a broad audience in mind, as a work of non-fiction for anyone interested in these subjects.
Poetic pasts
Agent nouns in the language of Mikael Agricola's works : the meanings, functions and structures of derivatives referring to persons.
