http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12380 Indians (Asians)
Indians (Asians) Indic people
Focus India : postcolonial narratives of the nation
Writers of the Indian diaspora
Magic seeds : a novel
This volume approaches Tabish Khair's writings (both his theoretical proposals and his novels) from numerous different perspectives. Contributors engage from varied critical stances with Khair's academic writings in a fruitful dialogue, analyze his social, political and religious concerns, and elucidate his characteristics as a novelist and his literary powers.
Nine lives : in search of the sacred in modern India
A comparative dictionary of the Indo-Aryan languages. Indexes
The Asians in East Africa : Jayhind and Uhuru
The postcolonial Indian novel in English
The growing importance of the Indian diaspora is felt today across the globe due to its emergence as the second-largest diasporic community. By examining historical, socio-cultural, economic, political, and literary aspects of the Indian diaspora, this volume sets out to trace the latest developments in the field of Indian diaspora studies. It brings together essays by Indian and foreign scholars, thus providing an authoritative platform for discussions in which identities and affiliations are contested and constituted through the hierarchies of cross-cultural migration in this increasingly globalized world. This volume traces the transnational network of the Indian diaspora, and will prove of interest to scholars working in the fields of the Indian diaspora, diaspora theory, and cultural studies. Countries covered include Mauritius, Fiji, Singapore, Trinidad & Tobago, Guyana, Suriname, the UK, Ireland, the USA, Canada, Malaya, South Africa, and New Zealand. Creative writers discussed include Ramabai Espinet, Vikram Chandra, Rohinton Mistry, Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni, Nisha Ganatra, Jhumpa Lahiri, Kavery Nambisan, and Sarita Mandanna, along with the work of filmmakers (Mira Nair, Yash Chopra, Kabir Khan, Shuchi Kothari, Mandrika Rupa, Karan Johar, Sugu Pillay, Mallika Krishnamurthy, and Nisha Ganatra).
Asian-American writing : the diasporic imagination. Vol.  2, Fiction
A history of Indian literature. Vol. 3, Fasc. 1, Ornate poetry
"Passage to Manhattan: Critical Essays on Meena Alexander" is a unique compendium of scholarship on South Asian American writer Meena Alexander, who is recognized as one of the most influential and innovative contemporary South Asian American poets. Her poetry, memoirs, and fiction occupy a unique locus at the intersection of postcolonial and US multicultural studies. This anthology examines the importance of her contribution to both fields. It is the first sustained analysis of the entire Alexander oeuvre, employing a diverse array of critical methodologies. Drawing on feminist, Marxist, cultural studies, trauma studies, contemporary poetics, phenomenology, and psychoanalysis, the collection features fifteen chapters and an Afterword, by well established scholars of postcolonial and Asian American literature like Roshni Rustomji, May Joseph, Anindyo Roy, and Amritjit Singh, as well as by emerging scholars like Ronaldo Wilson, Parvinder Mehta, and Kazim Ali. The contributors offer insights on nearly all of Alexander's major works, and the volume achieves a balance between Alexander's diverse genres, covering the spectrum from early works like "Nampally Road" to her forthcoming book "The Poetics of Dislocation". The essays engage with a variety of debates in postcolonial, feminist, and US multicultural studies, as well as providing many nuanced and detailed readings of Alexander's mutli-layered texts.
India in Britain : the Indian contribution to the British way of life
The Indian outbound travel market with special insight into the image of Europe as a destination
A comparative dictionary of the Indo-Aryan languages
Substratum influence on Indo-Aryan grammar
Arundhati Roy's fictional world : (a collection of critical essays)
The novels of Salman Rushdie
Encyclopaedia of Indian literature. Volume 6, Supplementary entries and index
Encyclopaedia of Indian literature. Volume 5, Sasay to Zorgot
Ghalib 1797-1869. Vol. 1, Life and letters
Arundhati Roy's The God of small things : a reader's guide
The history of emigration from the indian subcontinent
India in the Caribbean
In this anthology of short stories by contemporary Kannada women writers, the editor has put together representative voices of last three decades. The authors included here come from variety of communities, from diverse cultural and regional backgrounds and draw on different literary influences in creating their own writing styles. Two of the authors are based outside Karnataka,in the metropolis of Mumbai, several are based in the now very cosmopolitan Bangalore, while others live in small cities and towns through out Karnataka. Some of the authors are academics, while others are professionals and yet others are homemakers. Among these stories there are several that bear the mark of modern style that dominated Kannada writing in the mid 20th century. There are others that are influenced by more recent politically charged literary movements such as the dalit assertion. Kruti R. is a sociologist by training and she has been active in the worlds of literature, theatre and arts.
The Raj at war : a people's history of India's Second World War
From indentured labourer to free wage worker in South Africa : some aspects and changes of the Indian South African socio-economic and labour position, 1860-1950
Indian linguistics
Census of India 1971 : language handbook on mother tongues in census
Mobile citizens : French indians in Indochina, 1858-1954
Asian Britain : a photographic history
Conversations with Bharati Mukherjee
'Sister outsiders' : the representation of identity and difference in selected writings by South African Indian women
Night train to Jamalpur
Land of hope and glory
Secrets and lies
The impact of cultural diversity on management : a study of Indian employees' views about Finnish management
Postcolonial literary history and Indian English fiction
Namasté America : Indian immmigrants in an American metropolis
Raja Rao : the master and his moves
Critical responses to Kiran Desai
The far pavilions
The new Indian novel in English : a study of the 1980s
A concise history of the Indian people
Beyond Bangalore : an anthology of Kannada short stories by contemporary women writers : translated from Kannada
Marathi literature : an outline
The man who knew infinity
Vishnudharmottara - Purana : English translation of the first khanda (Pauranic legends and rebirths)
An overview of the history and daily lives of people from India who immigrated to the United States.
Slumgirl dreaming : my journey to the stars
"This book engages with current developments in postcolonial research, exploring notions of cultural transmission, tradition and modernity, authenticity, cross-cultural aesthetics and postcolonial ethics. The author considers the ethical responsibility of the postcolonial intellectual, enhancing our understanding of this topic through the concept of custodianship, which may be defined as a responsibility towards the other in forms of cultural and literary inheritance. The author introduces custodianship as a central theme and a vital question for the committed intellectual today, proposing original interpretations of major postcolonial texts by key figures including Anita Desai, Gayatri Chakravorty Spivak, Mahasweta Devi and Arundhati Roy. Through close reading and historical analysis, Postcolonial Custodianship reveals that a practice of custodianship has always been an essential element of these writers' ethical engagement, yet in a way that has never been explored. The author contends that the question of custodianship should not be seen as a merely negative designation; it is by redefining the very meaning of custodianship that the ethical dimension of postcolonialism can be rediscovered"--
A comparative dictionary of the Indo-Aryan languages : phonetic analysis
Postcolonial custodianship : cultural and literary inheritance
Before we visit the goddess
Strategy and transaction in an African factory : African workers and Indian management in a Zambian town
Encyclopaedia of Indian literature. Volume 4, Navaratri to Sarvasena
The heart of India
Studies in Indian writing in English. Vol. 2
"This book discusses the production and circulation of animal narratives in colonial India in order to investigate the manner in which constructs of animals played into a variety of forms of othering that took place in England during its imperial venture. Shefali Rajamannar reads imperialism through a posthumanist critique, arguing that race, class, gender, age, and species do not exist in isolation but must be read in intimate relation to one another"--Provided by publisher.
Vikram Seth's A suitable boy : an anthology of recent criticism
The argumentative Indian : writings on Indian history, culture and identity : Amartya Sen
Verbal composition in Indo-Aryan
Between two worlds : nation, Rushdie and postcolonial Indo-English fiction
The Americans : a novel
Secret daughter
Asian-American writing : the diasporic imagination. Vol. 1, Interviews and creative writing
The Indian clerk
Partition dialogues : memories of a lost home
The case of the deadly butter chicken : from the files of Vish Puri, "most private investigator"
English in the Indian diaspora
Born confused
The written languages of the world : a survey of the degree and modes of use = Les langues écrites du monde : relevé du degré et des modes d'utilisation. Vol. 2, India, book 1 : Constitutional languages = Inde, tome 1 : Langues constitutionnelles
Leaving everything most loved : a Maisie Dobbs novel
Bronson's Assamese and English dictionary = Asamiyā āru iṅrāji abhidhāna
At the heart of the Empire : Indians and the colonial encounter in late-Victorian Britain
Calcutta : two years in the city
Literature of South Asian diaspora
An enormously English monsoon wedding
Insiders and outsiders : the Indian working class of Durban, 1910-1990
Twice  born fiction : themes and techniques of the Indian novel in English
History, narrative, and testimony in Amitav Ghosh's fiction
Passage to Manhattan : critical essays on Meena Alexander
A sketch of the phonology and grammar of Rajbanshi
Diaspora and identity : perspectives on south Asian diaspora
The shock of arrival : reflections on postcolonial experience
Unending metamorphoses : myth, satire and religion in Salman Rushdie's novels
The critical studies of Arundhati Roy's The God of Small Things
Two lives
Gita ke li'e ek tuhfat = A gift for Gita
Consumer India : inside the Indian mind and wallet
Historical linguistics of Indo-Aryan languages
Tracing the new Indian diaspora
"This book is an interdisciplinary study of representations of terrorism and political violence in the fiction and journalism of colonial India. Focusing on key historical episodes such as the Calcutta "Black Hole," the anti-thuggee campaigns of the 1830s, the 1857 rebellion, and anti-colonial terrorism in Edwardian London, it argues that exceptional violence was integral to colonial sovereignty and that the threat of violence mutually defined discursive relations between colonizer and colonized. Moving beyond previous studies of colonial discourse, and drawing on contemporary analyses of terrorism, Tickell examines texts by both colonial and Indian authors, tracing their contending engagements with terrorizing violence in selected newspapers, journals, novels and short stories. The study includes readings of several significant early Indian-English works for the first time, from dissident periodicals like Hurrish Chunder Mookerjis Hindoo Patriot (1856-66) and Shyamji Krishnavarmas Indian Sociologist (1905-9) to neglected fictions such as Kylas Dutts parable of anti-colonial rebellion "Forty-Eight Hours of the Year 1945" (1845) and Sarath Kumar Ghoshs The Prince of Destiny (1909). These are examined alongside works by better-known Anglo-Indian authors such as Philip Meadows Taylor's Confessions of a Thug (1838), Flora Annie Steel's On the Face of the Waters (1897), Rudyard Kiplings short fictions and novels by Edmund Candler and E.M. Forster. The study concludes with an analysis of Indian-English fiction of the 1930s, notably Mulk Raj Anands Untouchable (1935), and goes on to read Gandhis philosophy of ahimsa (non-violence) as a strategic response to a colonial and nationalist terror-politics"--
Arundhati Roy's The God of Small Things
Amitav Ghosh : an introduction
Desis in the house : Indian American youth culture in New York City
Joseph Anton : a memoir
Negation in South Asian languages
Indian women's short fiction
Woman's nature : rationalizations of inequality
Elephant dance : a journey to India / written by Theresa Heine ; illustrated by Sheila Moxley
The Atlantic literary review : [special issue]. Vol. 3, No. 4, October-December 2002, Special issue on diasporic Indian fiction
Anglophone Indian women writers, 1870-1920
Unreliable truths : transcultural homeworlds in Indian women's fiction of the diaspora
Do the right thing
Encyclopaedia of Indian literature. Volume 1, A-Devo
Encounter and experience : personal accounts of fieldwork
Asian-American writing : the diasporic imagination. Vol.  3, Theory, poetry & the performing arts
Striking a balance : housewife in a career-woman's pantsuit : The modern Indian woman and gendered meanings of cultural capital
The perforated sheet : essays on Salman Rushdie's art
Indian writing in English
Writers of the Indian diaspora : a bio-bibliographical critical sourcebook
A land of dreams : a study of Jewish and Caribbean migrant communities in England
Marriage material
Secularism in the postcolonial Indian novel : national and cosmopolitan narratives in English
The fiction of Bharati Mukherjee : a cultural perspective
Drama contemporary : India
Terrorism, insurgency and Indian-English literature, 1830-1947
The private life of Mrs Sharma
Contributed articles on the works of Kiran Desai, b. 1971, Indic English author settled in USA.
Everything happens for a reason
Nature, culture and gender : re-reading the folktale
Encyclopaedia of Indian literature. Volume 2, Devraj to Jyoti
Categorisation and interpretation : Indological and comparative studies from an international Indological meeting at the Department of Comparative Philology, Göteborg University
Provoked : the story of Kiranjit Ahluwalia
Rohinton Mistry : ethnic enclosures and transcultural spaces
Such a long journey
Indians in Britain : Anglo-Indian encounters, race and identity, 1880-1930
The Indian diaspora : dynamics of migration
Oriental and linguistic studies : the Veda; the Avesta; the science of language. Vol. 1
The case of the deadly butter chicken
The South Asian diaspora : transnational networks and changing identities
Index translationum Indicarum : a cumulation of entries for India in 'Index translationum', Unesco, Paris, vols. 2-11
Incendiary circumstances : a chronicle of the turmoil of our times
Tabish Khair : critical perspectives
Yes, my accent is real : and some other things I haven't told you
Nominal composition in middle Indo-Aryan
A reference manual of middle Prākrit grammar : the Prākrits of the dramas and Jain texts
A comparative grammar of middle Indo-Aryan
Children of hope : a survivor's story
Memories of rain
Advanced 21st century dictionary : (English into English & Urdu)
A comparative dictionary of the Indo-Aryan languages. Addenda and corrigenda
The year of the runaways
Arundhati Roy's The god of small things : a critical appraisal
India : a million mutinies now
Reading the animal in the literature of the British Raj
Post-independence Indian English fiction
Postcolonial environments : nature, culture and the contemporary Indian novel in English
Paradoxes of postcolonial culture : contemporary women writers of the Indian and Afro-Italian diaspora
The argumentative Indian : Writings on Indian Culture, History and Identity
Hadiyah li-Jita = A gift for Gita
Encyclopaedia of Indian literature. Volume 3, K to Navalram
The literature of Indian diaspora : essays in criticism
A history of Vedic literature
Queen of dreams
Shiva's other children : religion and social identity amongst overseas Indians
Searching for Vedic India
