http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12332 psychopathy
psychopathy
Gene-environment correlations between experiences of childhood abuse and psychopathy
The psychopath factory : how capitalism organises empathy
Evil or ill? : justifying the insanity defence
Puzzling people : the labyrinth of the psychopath
Psychopathy as a descriptive construct of personality among offenders
Being amoral : psychopathy and moral incapacity
Snakes in suits : when psychopaths go to work
The line : what would it take to make your cross it?
The wisdom of psychopaths : lessons in life from saints, spies and serial killers
Disordered personalities and crime : an analysis of the history of moral insanity
Psychopathic and antisocial personality disorders : treatment and research issues
The psychopath : emotion and the brain
With an English summary.
"Psychopaths have emotional impairments that can be expressed in persistent criminal behavior. UK and US law has traditionally excused disordered individuals for their crimes citing these emotional impairments as a cause for their criminal behaviour. The discussion of whether psychopaths are morally responsible for their behaviour has long taken place in the realm of philosophy. However, in recent years, this has moved into scientific and psychiatric investigation, fundamentally so with the development of Robert Hare's diagnostic tool, the Psychopathy Checklist. Responsibility and Psychopathy explores the moral responsibility of psychopaths. It engages with problems at the interface of law, psychiatry, and philosophy, and is divided into three parts providing relevant interdisciplinary background information to address this main problem. The first part discusses the public policy and legal responses to psychopathy.
Children and adolescents with disruptive behavior and psychopathic-like features
The psychopathy of everyday life : how antisocial personality disorder affects all of us
Hare psychopathy checklist : revised (PCL-R) : technical manual
The good psychopath's guide to success
It offers an introduction to the central practical issue of how public policy should respond to psychopathy, giving insights for those arguing about the responsibility of psychopaths. The second part introduces recent scientific advancements in the classification, description, and explanation of psychopathy. In particular, Robert Hare illustrates and defends his Psychopathy Checklist (PCL). Surveys of the most recent brain imaging studies on psychopaths and the prospects for treatment are also included. The third part of the volume includes chapters covering the most significant dimensions of philosophical debate on the moral and criminal responsibility of psychopaths. In relation to this issue, philosophers have considered whether psychopathic offenders possess moral understanding and/or are capable of controlling their criminal behaviour. This part illustrates how answering these questions involves investigating highly debated and central philosophical problems. These difficulties concern the nature of moral understanding, the significance of emotive and cognitive faculties in moral understanding and motivation, and the most appropriate account of moral and criminal responsibility that can justify a response to the psychopathic offenders. Exploring one of the most contentious topics of our time, this book is fascinating reading for psychiatrists, philosophers, criminologists, and lawyers"--
The psychopath in film
The priest of evil
Responsibility and psychopathy : interfacing law, psychiatry, and philosophy
Medical concepts and penal policy
As well-researched as a scholarly work, yet with the immediacy and accessibility of a layman, Puzzling People is a first-person account of the cheats, the charlatans, the liars, the neglectful parents, abusive teachers, two-faced politicians and their Psychopathic Control Grid, tyrannical bosses and colleagues from hell we have all encountered, including the lying lovers who use us then lose us in an instant. Puzzling People takes an in-depth look at how the minds of psychopaths work and why, and focusses on what you can do to survive and thrive and ultimately escape forever.
Psychopathic behaviour : approaches to research
The sociopath next door : the ruthless versus the rest of us
Deviant : the story of Ed Gein, the original Psycho
Personality traits and psychopathy (PCL-R) in male juvenile delinquents
Sisällysluettelo: Maximum security -- Suffering souls -- The assassins -- The psychopath electrified -- The psychopath magnetized -- Bad beginnings -- Ivy League lessons -- Teenage "psychopaths" -- Mobile imaging -- The decompression chamber -- A serial killer unmasked.
Abnormal psychology : core concepts
Psychopathic traits and intimate partner violence : connections with likelihood of offending and specific offense behaviors
The sociopath nexdoor : the ruthless versus the rest of us
The emptied soul : on the nature of the psychopath
The psychopath whisperer : inside the minds of those without a conscience
Psychopathy : antisocial, criminal, and violent behavior
Evidence for differences in anxiety levels between primary and secondary psychopathy subtypes in a population-based sample of men and women
Handbook of developmental social neuroscience
Handbook of psychopathy
The mark of Cain : psychoanalytic insight and the psychopath
Psychopathy : Webster's timeline history, 1875-2007
Social pathology : a systematic approach to the theory of sociopathic behaviour
The empathy trap : understanding antisocial personalities
Psychopathy and law : a practitioner's guide
Confessions of a sociopath : a life spent hiding in plain sight
"Examines the sociopaths-- individuals with an antisocial personality disorder who possess no conscience or sense of guilt-- that we encounter in everyday life, describing how to recognize such individuals and how to protect oneself from them." / WorldCat.
Understanding psychopathy through the study of long-term violent offenders
