http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1232 advertising
advertising
ROI of social media : how to improve the return on your social marketing investment
Integrated Advertising, Promotion, and Marketing Communications speaks to an evolved definition of integrated marketing and teaches students (of marketing or otherwise) how to effectively communicate in the business world. This text covers advertising and promotions, but also the role of social media, blogs, mobile messaging, and other marketing tactics. As marketing has evolved to include more stealth approaches, so has the text. To help students retain ideas, each chapter includes tools that allow them to apply concepts to real-life situations.
Developing Advertising Strategy by Understanding Consumer Behavior
Shoveling smoke : advertising and globalization in contemporary India
Successful marketing strategy for high-tech firms
Communication arts : advertising annual 1998. 40:7
The copy workshop : workbook
Branding @ the digital age
Personalisation in mobile advertising systems
"The world's worst cleaning lady" : the portrayal of gender in commercials targeted at American NHL audiences
Advertising and new media
"Male menopause" : the birth of a new illness?
Creating entrepreneurial opportunities : interpretative research about role of POP Advertising Displays in customer purchase decision making
Consumer behaviour : a European perspective
Representing ageing : images and identities
DAGMAR : defining advertising goals for measured advertising results
Placebo is for real : how to apply the placebo effect to consumer marketing
How to make your advertising make money
any color so long as it's black... : the first fifty years of automobile advertising
Advertising : its role in modern marketing
E-Commerce, today’s fastest growing business: the main impulses and how to stabilize them.
An International Survey of the Art of Window Display. Vol. 2, window display : schaufensterkunst = l'art de l'étalage
Improving Sales Promotion of a Beverage Company in Nigeria
Understanding digital marketing : marketing strategies for engaging the digital generation
Grabbing attention with a live commercial in movie theatres  : Case Dumle
Measuring advertising effectiveness
The Economic Downturn as a Growth Opportunity for Online Business Directories
Random sampling as a method of cultural production
How to produce successful advertising : a guide to strategy, planning and targeting
The effectiveness of poster marketing for a small travel agency : Case: Banaanimatkat
The want makers : lifting the lid off the world advertising industry : how they make you buy
There are no shocking pictures, only shocking reality - Oliviero Toscani : the power and role of Benetton’s shockvertising
Step-by-step advertising
How tour operators promote Mauritius as a tourist destination
Communication arts : advertising annual 1995. 37:7
Advertising in the marketplace
Advertising effectiveness : findings from empirical research
The art of client service
Advertising, the uneasy persuasion : its dubious impact on American society
Understanding global issues : the facts behind the news. 1999, 7 : Advertising : the attempt to persuade
Advertising and the mind of the consumer : what works, what does'nt and why
Current issues and research in advertising 1983 : reviews of selected areas. 2
Introduction to mass communication : media literacy and culture
Consumer processing of international advertising : the roles of country of origin perception, consumer ethnocentrism, and country attitude
The Impact of Advertising on Sales Volume of a Product : A case of Starcomms Plc, Nigeria
Capturing retail customers' attention with Digital Signageguides for designing the Digital Signage advertising content and locating digital displays in retail environment /
Sold on language : how advertisers talk to you and what this says about you
Effectiveness of culturally-adapted charity advertisements
Advertising for Sustainability   Promoting Sustainably Produced Food to Finnish Consumers
Modern publicity : art & industry annual of international advertising art. 1949
Advertising management : concepts and cases
Communication arts : advertising annual 1991. 33:7
Technique of advertising layout
Discusses key topics of advertising from the fields of social and consumer psychology. This book addresses important questions such as: What impact does advertising have on consumer behaviour? What causes this impact? And what are the psychological processes responsible for the effectiveness of advertising?
Specialty shop retailing : how to run your own store
The role of advertising in promoting a product
The advertised mind : groundbreaking insights into how our brains respond to advertising
Advertising in social media - effective or not?
Communication arts : advertising annual 2016. 58:5
From print to online : how lifestyle magazine editors-in-chief perceive advertising influence
The complete guide to advertising
The practice of advertising
Introduction to sport marketing
The better mousetrap : brand invention in a media democracy
Advertising on cable : a practical guide for advertisers
CityInfo Boards : a new marketing communications tool
The interaction between digital marketing communication and customer loyalty : an integrative model and research propositions
Communication arts : advertising annual 2012. 54:5
The psychology of advertising
Advertising writing : putting creative strategy to work
Advertising theory and practice
Copywriting : successful writing for design, advertising and marketing
Consumption and everyday life
HOW TO SUCCEED IN SHANGHAI, CHINA : Case company: Marimekko Oy
Culture-specific advertising in international markets : case on advertising in islamic countries
Linguistic and multimodal insights into the tourist brochures
Advertising : mass communication in marketing
Communication arts : advertising annual 2011. 53:5
Color forecasting : a survey of international color marketing
Consumer behavior and cultural effects on taboo products
Advertising through social media : advertising plan for a hotel
Advertising techniques and management
Advertising in America : the consumer view : a report and interpretation of the American Association of Advertising Agencies' Study on the Consumer Judgment on Advertising
The big lie : the truth about advertising
Essentials of advertising strategy
Display : An aid the selling
Dialogue instead of a monologue : advertisers' expectations towards the media
Tourism Marketing Opportunities in Russia : case : Kallioplanetaario
How advertising works : a review of current thinking
Communication arts : advertising annual 2008.. 50:7
A location strategy, advertising banner and operational leaflets for a case company Kenkä-Oscar Ltd.
Integrated marketing communications : a primer
The secrets of successful low-budget advertising
The world's best advertising photography
Brand equity & advertising : advertising's role in building strong brands
WHO expert committee on problems related to alcohol consumption : second report
Creative strategy in advertising
Framework for advertising inventory optimization for a Finnish online publisher
PROMOTIONS IN MUSIC MARKETING : A RESEARCH ON AMERICAN POPULAR MUSIC FOR THE CHINESE MARKET
Planning and establishing a radio advertising measurement system
Starting a restaurant business in Saint-Petersburg - Guide for Finnish entrepreneurs
Communication arts : advertising annual 2015. 57:5
Art directors annual  84
Abstract: Athletes as endorsers : sports stars playing in the field of advertising. This thesis studies the celebrity endorsement model and specially athletes as endorsers. What drives the companies to use athletes as spokesperson and how do they cope with risks involved in it? As recently news have been filled with scandals involving athletes with multimillion endorsement deals how could have these been avoided and what are the effects on endorsing companies? Main focus of the study is to investigate what kind of methods marketers use to ensure a successful endorsement campaign? Secondary focus was on researching what kind of risks companies face when cooperating with a star athlete? This thesis uses secondary data as its main source of information. Conducted research show that even though use of athletes as endorsers can be very risky, it can also lead to success. In celebrity endorsement only certainty is uncertainty. It was also discovered that marketers often value extremely different attributes when selecting a female endorser than they do with male endorsers.
T-shirts with Brains, or is NLP magic?
Advertising media models : a practical guide
Brand new brand thinking : brought to life by 11 experts who do
Innovative marketing communications : strategies for the events industry
How to plan radio advertising
Current issues and research in advertising 1983 : original research and theoretical contributions. 1
The Marketing Strategy of Watsons Your Personal Store Chain in China
Correlation between Marketing Communication Tools and Business Performance Variables : Charles River Discovery Services Finland Case Study
Internet marketing : acquisition process : case : www.flashgame4fun.com
Great advertising campaigns : goals and accomplishments
Designing a Booking System for Media Agency Use
Sponsored content credibility : an integrative analysis
Communication arts : advertising annual 2014. 56:5
How to plan advertising
Possibilities of art appropriation in print advertising
Rapid response advertising
How to produce successful advertising
Evaluation and development of marketing channels : case: Samira Group Ltd.
Confessions of an advertising man
Contemporary advertising
Lürzer's Int'l Archive : ads, tv and posters world wide
This collection critically examines twenty-first century representations of ageing, focusing on images/imagery/discourses found in various media as well as individuals' own experiences and self-presentations of ageing and identity, drawing on new innovative, qualitative empirical data. The contributors represent a range of disciplinary areas but all are concerned with how ageing is currently understood, experienced, represented and talked about. The contexts in which these issues are debated include advertising, women's and over fifties' magazines, beauty and hair care routines, art therapy, documenting family relations, positive ageing campaign and biographical photography. Many topical issues are examined, such as the discursive construction of age identities, positive ageing, anti-ageing, ageism, age relations and the body. This book will be of interest to students and researchers in cultural and social gerontology, discourse and identity and lifespan communication, as well as those working in marketing and with older people either directly or indirectly. -- Publisher description.
This thesis aims to explore business opportunities through discovering factors that are needed to be known to understand Korean sense of humor, Hae-Hak, in practice on external communication with advertisement. By focusing on the research on specific examples of Korean advertisements that Hae-Hak is used, this paper will help you to understand Korean sense of humor. Under the HURMOS Project, to discover the utility of humor in business life of South Korea, research has been done.
Marketing in travel and tourism
Communication arts : advertising annual 2010. 51:6
A Farewell to Ads?  : On the conflicts between online advertisements and adblockers
Increasing Sales in a Hotel Lobby Shop
Athletes as endorsers : sports stars playing in the field of advertising
The commercials book : [how 32 of the world's best directors make their commercials]
International Marketing plan for Sorvi Team Oy Limited: A case study of Garage Countdown
Art directors annual : the 69th art directors annual and 4th international exhibition
Marketing communications : interactivity, communities and content
The advertising portfolio : creating an effective presentation of your work
Admen, mad men, and the real world of advertising : essential lessons for business and life
The advertising handbook
Fluid milk consumption and demand response to advertising for non-alcoholic beverages
Social Media as a Tool of Marketing and Creating Brand awareness : Case study research
Lifestyle for Sale : Discussion of the effects of brand-based advertising from a consumer’s perspective using denim brands as examples
The effective advertiser
Techniques of advertising photography
Advertising in contemporary society : perspectives toward understanding
Kids and branding in a digital world
Codes of ethics in the age of sponsored content
Electronic commerce : principles and practice
Advertising : principles & practice
The advertising controversy : evidence on the economic effects of advertising
Sponsors' brand recall in sport's area
Integrated marketing communications plan for online newspaper : case : ess.fi of Mediatalo Esa
User experiences and future conceptions about online marketing
Creative arts marketing
Lifestyle advertisements in South Korea
The use of appeals in global print advertising
"How can we use this new social media channel most effectively to drive more revenue, profit, brand and share at highest ROI and least risk?" --The concepts in this book can be applied to any social marketing channel and any combination of traditional and social media. --ROI of Social Media is truly global in nature presenting case studies from around the world including Dell (Europe), Comcast (North America), Guinness Anchor Berhad (Malaysia) and Microsoft Asia Pacific. With this range of case studies, the reader will be able to apply these concepts to their business whether they are based in New York, Shanghai, London or Sydney. --The book presents with an 8-step process to strategize, develop, implement and measure an effective social marketing strategy. -- Book Jacket.
Introducing Content Marketing for B2B : Case Study: Subcontracting
Proofreading market viability for Native English Solutions
The functions of English in advertising in Finland
Modern trends in B2B marketing and advertising in Finland : case: Lahden tyokalupiste-Toolpoint
Relating Hofstede's dimensions of culture to international variations in print advertisements: a comparison of appeals
Exploring the impact of celebrity endorsement and product class involvement on advertising effectiveness : an eye tracking approach
Future Prospects of Online Advertising at SBS Finland Ltd
Fashion, media, promotion : the new black magic
What kind of values could be recognised in green messages, with special emphasis on children
Humor in business : case analysis of South Korean humorous advertisements
Kleppner's advertising procedure
Lürzer's Int'l Archive : ads, tv and posters worldwide
The effective use of advertising media : a practical handbook
The marketing century : how marketing drives business and shapes society : The Chartered Institute of Marketing
Impact of humor and gender in e-mail marketing : Case DefShop GmbH
Effects of advertising on the small and medium enterprises in Kenya : a case study on East African packaging Industries
CUSTOMER REFLECTIONS ON PROMOTIONAL TOOLS :  CASE H&M IN CHINA
Marketing Strategy in Terms of Promotion and Communication for Energy Drinks in Ghana. Case Company: Sinebrychoff Brewery.
Design, implementation and evaluation of the effectiveness of an Internet advertising campaign  : A case study of Garage Countdown
Yes! : 50 scientifically proven ways to be persuasive
Wordcraft : the art of turning little words into big business
Emotion in advertising : theoretical and practical explorations
Marketing for tourism
Web advertising : new forms of communication on the Internet
Truth in advertising
Leap : a revolution in creative business strategy
Art Directors Club of Los Angeles : Adla Six
Advertising : policy and practice
Advertising In Fashion Blogs
THERE ARE NO SHOCKING PICTURES, ONLY SHOCKING REALITY. –   OLIVIERO TOSCANI  : The power and role of Benetton’s shockvertising.
A multi-country study of value systems and their relationship to the degree of standardization feasible in international advertising
Essentials of marketing
Rhetoric and ideology in advertising : a content analytical study of American advertising
The aim of this thesis was to find a best way to advertise short-term sales and reduce paper waste. Another aim was to help the seller to identify a potential customer for a specific product, by means of providing a number of people accessing an advertisement. A mobile phone is one of the widely used electronic devices by many people. Modern mobile phones support a good internet connection. Also, people carry their mobile devices with them even outside their homes. So a mobile application would be a best way to advertise short-term sales. The benefits include reducing the time to reach advertisements from a seller to a buyer, reducing paper waste, and saving money. A client mobile application “Best Sale Application” was implemented to show an advertisement to a user and a back end server was developed to feed the advertisements and provide them to a client application on demand. The developing of a prototype version of Best Sale Application is explained in this thesis. The application runs on Windows Phone and it is able to interact with an early version of Best Sale Server. The back end server side development is explained in the Thesis paper of Ramkumar Patturaj entitled “Server for Best Sale Application”. The proto type version of Best Sale Application carries a significant potential for a future upgrade to a real product to be launched in the Windows Market place for a real user. It will be very useful for a shop owner to reach a potential customer faster and save money compared to a paper advertisement.
Integrated advertising, promotion, and marketing communications
Tested advertising methods
The pitch
Cutting edge advertising
"Finland - where everything is extraordinary" : representations of Finland in tourism brochures between 1973 and 2008
Hospitality marketing management
Advertising today
Media system of Finland
Bait-and-switch
Communication Tools and the Influence of Culture in Television Advertising : A Study of South Korea and Finland
