http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12391 influences
influences
Modernism and the new Spain : Britain, cosmopolitan Europe, and literary history
Managing consultants : consultancy as the management of impressions
The American Aeneas : classical origins of the American self
Romans and romantics
Irish opinion and the American Revolution, 1760-1783
The fundamentals of creative photography
The politics of adaptation : contemporary African drama and Greek tragedy
Fiction : love : ultra new vision in contemporary art : 21.8. - 31.10.2004 / chief editor Suchen Hsieh
The story of Kullervo
Krøyer, an international perspective
Art nouveau : jewelry and accessories
The fashion of architecture
Kant and Milton
Afrikan voima : kolme näkökulmaa = Afrikas kraft: tre perspektiv = The Power of Africa: three perspectives
Reframing Albrecht Dürer : the appropriation of art, 1528-1700
Afro modern : journeys through the Black Atlantic
Architecture : a spotter's guide : ancient monuments to contemporary forms
Anglophilia : deference, devotion, and antebellum America
The problem of Russian influence on the word order of the Karelian-Finnish epic
The Low Countries at the crossroads : Netherlandish architecture as an export product in early modern Europe (1480-1680)
Byzantine art and the West
Once upon a time Walt Disney : the sources of inspiration for the Disney Studios
Starlight : 100 years of film stills : [Louisiana Museum of Modern Art, Humlebæk, 13 October 2006 - 25 January 2005 [po. 13.10.2006 - 25.2.2007] / [edited by Michael Juul Holm and Mette Marcus]
The ghost behind the masks : the Victorian poets and Shakespeare
Patrociny settlement names in Europe
The Confucian transformation of Korea : a study of society and ideology
A quest for the assumed LXX Vorlage of the explicit quotations in Hebrews
Black art : ancestral legacy : the African impulse in African-American art
Terrorism : a global phenomenon
Shakespeare & me : great writers, actors, and directors on what the bard means to them - and us
Japan and Eros - Axel Gallén's icons of youth / Anna Kortelainen
Medieval philosophy and the classical tradition : in Islam, Judaism and Christianity
Shakespeare's folktale sources
How Britain got the blues : the transmission and reception of American blues style in the United Kingdom
Beyond orientalism ; how the West was won over by Islamic arts
Echoes of Egypt in 12th-century Bologna and 13th-century Rome
An exploration of how Joyce uses militaristic ideologies in dealing with such topics as education, athletics, and family life.
Coleridge and German philosophy : the poet in the land of logic
Chaucer : sources and backgrounds
Architects on architects
Art & fashion
Fadings : graffiti to design, illustration and more
The soul of Athens : Shakespeare's A midsummer night's dream
A motorcycle journey : Benin, Togo 2013
Beyond the Roman frontier : Roman influences on the Northern Barbaricum
Becoming Edvard Munch : influence, anxiety, and myth : [at the Art Institute of Chicago, from February 14 to April 26, 2009] / Jay A. Clarke
Culture club : modern art, rock and roll, and other things your parents warned you about
Islamic and Christian Themes in Frank Herbert's Dune
New Zealand and Europe : connections and comparisons
Zen in the fifties : interaction in art between east and west / Helen Westgeest
Messiaen perspectives. 2, Techniques, influence and reception
"Explores the various ways in which Homer's epic poems influenced Milton in his own ambition to compose an enduring, canonical work of literature. Machacek's study of this major interpoetic relationship is methodologically responsive to the historicist critical enterprise dominant within literary study for the past three decades"--Provided by publisher.
Eccentric culture : a theory of Western civilization
The poetics of spice : romantic consumerism and the exotic
Brice Marden - Cold Mountain
Thucydides and Pindar : historical narrative and the world of Epinikian poetry
Vickie Howell's pop goes crochet : 36 projects inspired by icons of popular culture
The keys of Middle-earth : discovering medieval literature through the fiction of J. R. R. Tolkien
Classical culture and modern masculinity
More than night : Film noir in its contexts
The new media and heterotopic technologies in the Philippines
Beauty in exile : the artists, models and nobility who fled the Russian revolution and influenced the world of fashion
Milton and Homer : "written to aftertimes"
The influence of the European culture on Hemingway's fiction
On cultural influence : collected papers from apexart international conferences 1999 - 2006 / [edited by Steven Rand and Heather Kouris]
The Chaplin machine : slapstick, Fordism and the communist avant-garde
Worlds at war : the 2,500-year struggle between East and West
Possessions : indigenous art, colonial culture
Carl August Ehrensvärd : architect and critic of architecture / Sten Åke Nilsson
Blue notes in black and white : photography and jazz
From the 1860s through to the early 20th century the rise of Japonisme and the Art Nouveau movement meant that few could ignore or resist the obsession with all things Japanese. Superbly crafted and often highly decorated Japanese objects lacquer, metalwork, ceramics, enamels and other decorative items excited, stimulated and inspired Western artists and craftsmen to produce their own works. 'Arts of the Meiji' period were displayed at international exhibitions, galleries of influential dealers and at fashionable stores in London, Paris and Vienna. This book includes many examples of the superlatively designed and executed decorative arts of the Meiji periods from the Khalili Collection, the greatest collection of Meiji period art in the world. Artists such as Van Gogh, Klimt and Schiele were all, to varying degrees, influenced by the arts of Japan. Van Gogh said that he owed his inspiration to Japanese art, but even he was probably not aware of just how much art in Europe had already been greatly influenced by that of Japan.
The Africanist aesthetic in global hip hop : power moves
Inspiring designers : a sourcebook
Wear your chair : when fashion meets interior design
This book is a chronological survey of the reception history of the Greek Anthology, a Byzantine collection of ancient Greek short poems known as epigrams. Tracing the strange evolution of the Greek Anthology from the early nineteenth century to the years after the first World War, the volume analyses the complex webs of rhetoric that are spun as writers and translators bring their different agendas to bear on the Anthology's text, pruning it to meet their needs. As so little was known about its poets, and because it stood for the 'Anthology' of the Greeks and their culture, the text became the battleground during the 1870s-90s on which normative and dissident interpretations of Ancient Greece were fought out. An emergent mass readership became caught between opposing and rhetorically loaded accounts, casting the Anthology and thus the ancient race on whom the British were supposed to be modelling themselves as patriots and doting spouses or lovers of male Beauty, like the Decadent sensation Oscar Wilde.
Zappa and jazz : Did it really smell funny, Frank?
Alvar Gullichsen : Paint factory : Amos Andersonin taidemuseo = Amos Andersons konstmuseum = Amos Anderson Art Museum 18.5. - 27.8.1995/ [teksti Michael Casey ; toimittaja Kaj Martin]
Classical influences on European culture. 1, A.D. 500-1500 : proceedings of an international conference held at King's College, Cambridge April 1969
Spheres public and private : Western genres in African literature
Cultural differences in web-based health information seeking of Finnish and Japanese students
Munch and after Munch = Munch og etter Munch : eller maleres standhaftighet = or the obstinacy of painters
Art in anime : the creative quest as theme and metaphor
The Asian influence on Hollywood action films
German literary influences on the american transcendentalists
Looking east : Rubens's encounter with Asia
Leviticus : the priestly laws and prohibitions from the perspective of ancient Near East and Africa
Industry of nature : another approach to ecology
Medieval-inspired knits : stunning brocade and swirling vine patterns with embellished borders
Citation, intertextuality and memory in the Middle Ages and Renaissance
Roman epic : an interpretive introduction
Insider' guide to Williamsburg and Virginia's historic triangle
The selection of Finnish contemporary art / by Antonella Perna
Varieties of poetic utterance : quotation in the Brothers Karamazov
In 476 AD, the last of Rome's emperors, known as "Augustulus" was deposed by a barbarian general, the son of one of Attila the Hun's henchmen. With the imperial vestments dispatched to Constantinople, the curtain fell on the Roman empire in Western Europe, its territories divided among successor kingdoms constructed around barbarian military manpower. But, if the Roman Empire was dead, Romans across the old empire still lived, holding on to their lands, the values of their civilization, and their institutions. The conquering barbarians, witnessing the continuing psychological dominance of Rome, were ready to reignite the imperial flame and enjoy the benefits of its civilization. As Peter Heather shows in dazzling biographical portraits, each of the three greatest contenders--Theoderic, Justinian, and Charlemagne--operated with a different power base but was astonishingly successful in his own way. Though each in turn managed to put back together enough of the old Roman West to stake a plausible claim to the Western imperial title, none of their empires long outlived their founders' deaths. Not until the reinvention of the papacy in the eleventh century would Europe's barbarians find the means to establish a new Roman Empire, one that has lasted a thousand years.
Architectonic anaemia? : national introspection
Performing otherness : Java and Bali on international stages, 1905-1952
The dream of the new world : American influence on Finnish architecture from the turn of the 20th century to the Second World War
This book focuses on the diffusion of architectural inventions from the Low Countries to other parts of Europe from the late fifteenth until the end of the seventeenth century. Multiple pathways connected the architecture of the Low Countries with the world, but a coherent analysis of the phenomenon is still missing. Written by an international team of specialists, the book offers case-studies illustrating various mechanisms of transmission, such as the migration of building masters and sculptors who worked as architects abroad, networks of foreign patrons inviting Netherlandish artists, printed models and the role of foreign architects who visited the Low Countries for professional reasons. Its geographical scope is as broad as the period under review and includes all European regions where Netherlandish elements were found: from Spain to Scandinavia and from Scotland to Transylvania.
Japonisme and the rise of the modern art movement : the arts of the Meiji period
The golden labyrinth
Global fashion local tradition : on the globalisation of fashion
Confluences : postwar Japan and France
The allies of humanity. Book two : human unity, freedom & the hidden reality of contact : the second set of briefings
The Japanese revolution in Paris fashion
Graphic Japan : from woodblock and Zen to manga and kawaii
Delvaux and antiquity
Man Ray, African art and the Modernist lens
Mobile phones, identity and discursive intimacy
A nomad's universe
Finnish writers and influences from abroad
For fifty years following World War II, New York was the capital of art, influencing artists well beyond the USA. As Katy Siegel argues, since America lacked the European traditions underlying art, American art instead responded to extreme social conditions native to the country. Artists' preoccupations ranged across a broad spectrum that encompassed issues of race, mass culture, the individual, suburbia, apocalypse, and nuclear destruction, and Since '45 discusses how these themes came to find their place in art. Siegel's narrative moves fluidly from discussion of the art world--artists, works, museums, galleries--over the decades to cultural influences and momentous historical events. Rather than arguing on nationalist grounds, or viewing American culture as representative of a now-devalued nation, Siegel explores how that culture not only shaped art practice in the U.S., but created conditions that now, after the full globalization of the art world, affect artists in every continent.--Book Jacket.
The restoration of Rome : barbarian popes and imperial pretenders
Joyce and militarism
Some literary influences on Sidonius Apollinaris
Encounters : new art from old
Creative tangle : creating your own patterns for zen-inspired art
The ambiguous allure of the west : traces of the colonial in Thailand
Placing modern Greece : the dynamics of Romantic Hellenism, 1770-1840
Kabbalah in art and architecture
In my view : personal reflections on art by today's leading artists
Design!:  a lively guide to design basics for artists & craftspeople
The United States and Scandinavia
Vertigo : a century of multimedia art from futurism to the web
Culture to catwalk : how world cultures influence fashion
Art, word and image : two thousand years of visual/textual interaction
Greek epigram in reception : J.A. Symonds, Oscar Wilde, and the invention of desire, 1805-1929
The anxiety of influence : a theory of poetry
Tradition and modernity : Cervantes's presence in Spanish contemporary literature
Beadwork insprired by art : impressionist jewelry and accessories
The hotel booking behaviour of the European Generation Y
Pawel Ksiazek : zbiory = sets : [Bunkier Sztuki Contemporary Art Gallery, 7.6.-6.7.2008] / [director: Maria Anna Potocka ; curator: Beata Nowacka-Kardis]
Sephardism : Spanish Jewish history and the modern literary imagination
Worlds elsewhere : journeys around Shakespeare's globe
Literature and science : social impact and interaction
This study examines the booking behaviour of the European Generation Y (1975 – 2000). The elementary aim of the research is to receive an overview of the cohorts' values when searching and booking hotels. As Generation Y will become the main demographic group in the future, it is of utmost importance for hotels to understand their expectations and motivations.    The theoretical framework will present various findings and theories from secondary research. In the beginning the study provides background knowledge on technological improvements and their effects on the booking process. Afterwards, consumer behaviour is explained with focus on external and internal influences. Additionally the decision making process each consumer goes through when purchasing a product or service will be analysed in detail. In order to receive a full understanding of Generation Y, the cohort is presented in correlation to current living generations with emphasis on the characteristics of its members.     In the fifth part of this study the methods used in the empirical part are clarified and the structure of the process presented. The primary research was conducted by using quantitative and qualitative research methods. Data from Generation Y has been collected via an electronic survey complied with Webropol programme for two weeks.     After that, the research findings of the primary research are described. This cohort values individuality and is searching for direct communication with the hotel during the booking process. The results of this study indicate that Generation Y searches and books hotel rooms online what provides a huge possibility for hotels. Online bookings are assessed as convenient and time-saving tools based on the high technological knowledge of the Generation Y. However technological improvements are difficult to predict as they change rapidly requiring constant forecasting and trend spotting by hotels in order to update and redesign their business strategy. It can be assumed that social media as well as the innovative mobile technology will shape the booking behaviour of travellers in the future.     In the seventh part of the thesis the research questions will be answered by evaluating and comparing the empirical results with the findings presented in the theoretical framework. Based on the analysis recommendations and useful improvements are provided to the commissioning company for further development.     In the end of the thesis a conclusion is drawn in correlation to the overall aims and objectives. The key findings of the research are presented, areas for further research are identified and the thesis process critically evaluated. Concluding it can be said that the objectives of the thesis have been met and the research findings will be beneficial for the commissioning company.
Turner inspired in the light of Claude
Chinesism in modern furniture design : the chair as an example
25 dresses : iconic moments in twentieth century fashion
Natural north : Russia and the Nordic countries / David Jackson
Reflections on Swedish interiors
Arcadian waters and wanton seas : the iconology of waterscapes in nineteenth-century transatlantic culture
On the creative interaction between Robert and Clara Schumann
Revisiting al-Andalus : perspectives on the material culture of Islamic Iberia and beyond
"Regardless of all external influences, it is still I who create my own works [...] All beauty only serves to enrich us." : notes on Helene Schjerfbeck's relationship with works by other painters, particularly El Greco / Leena Ahtola-Moorhouse
Japonisme in Britain : Whistler, Menpes, Henry, Hornel, and 19th century Japan
The very small home : japanese ideas for living well in limited space
Korea's occupied cinemas, 1893-1948
Mediterranean design
Image world : art and media culture
White boy singin' the blues
Rhymin' and stealin' : musical borrowing in hip-hop
Kentōshi to Tō no bijutsu = Cultural crossings : Tang art and the Japanese envoys
Sea fever : the true adventures that inspired our greatest maritime authors, from Conrad to Masefield, Melville and Hemingway
Shaw and Joyce : "the last word in stolentelling"
The modernity of ancient sculpture : Greek sculpture and modern art from Winckelmann to Picasso
Music since 1900
Since '45 : America and the making of contemporary art
Rebel music : race, empire and the new Muslim youth culture
Voces biblicae : Septuagint Greek and its significance for the New Testament
The great wave : gilded age misfits, Japanese eccentrics, and the opening of old Japan
The Byzantine influence on Kalevala Jewerly collections
For nineteenth-century thinkers in Germany and Britain, who looked to Greece as the acme of past civilization, the Greeks' enjoyment of pederasty presented a problem. Daniel Orrells's study explores the way in which this awkward issue was negotiated.
Morandi's legagy : influences on British art
English in Cyprus or Cyprus English : an empirical investigation of variety status
Germaine de Staël, George Sand, and the Victorian woman artist
Silent creditors : Henrik Ibsen's debt to English literature
Primitivism in modern art
Messiaen perspectives. 1, Sources and influences
The lesbian lyre : reclaiming Sappho for the 21st century
The Norwegian influence in Finland in the early 1890s
