http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12315 investor communication
investor communication
Reputation management : the key to successful public relations and corporate communication
Development research for Cramo Plc annual report to meet the requirements of IR communications
Written for marketing and finance directors, CEOs, and strategists, as well as MBA students, this practical book explains the principles and practice behind rigorous due diligence in marketing. It connects marketing plans and investment to the valuation of the firm and how it can contribute to increasing stakeholder value. Completely revised and updated throughout, the Second Edition features new case examples as well as a completely new first chapter containing the results of new research into risk and marketing strategies amongst Finance Directors and Chief Marketing Officers.
The main objective of the research is to attain feedback on the 2009 Annual Report from selected stakeholders that could help to develop the annual report of the commissioning company, Cramo Plc, for the year 2011. Other objectives are to find out what status the annual report has among the sample and how it is used. The author worked at Cramo Plc as assistant trainee during the research process. The annual report is a key communication tool of a public limited company; it is designed for the company's main stakeholders, the shareholders. The annual report is an important part of a company's investor relations communication. A public limited company should develop its IR communication into a dialogue, which allows the stakeholders to give feedback. Constructive feedback is important for improving the main IR communication tool, i.e. the annual report. The chosen research method is qualitative interviewing. The selected sample contains representatives of stakeholders who have contact with Cramo Plc. The semi-structured interviews followed the themes of the annual report and offered the possibility to adjust the interviews to more closely reflect the interviewees' interests. Companies that specialize in evaluating and producing annual reports, along with organisations that organise annual report and IR communication competitions, were studied to attain background information regarding the elements that contribute to good annual reports. The interviews were conducted during the summer of 2010; they were conducted in Finnish, and then translated in English for the group reporting. The results show that readability of the Cramo Plc Annual Report 2009 was considered “good” and the overall averages given were “above good.” The main development required is better control of the amount of information. The sample interviews indicated that although the report offers much good information, some of the selected interviewees would appreciate a more simple presentation.
Marketing due diligence : reconnecting strategy to share price
International Financial Reporting Standards adoption in a continental European context : perspectives of preparers
Managing projects : a practical guide for learning professionals
Global stakeholder relationships governance : an infrastructure
Corporate communication : a guide to theory and practice
Development Research for Cramo Plc Annual Report to Meet the Requirements of IR Communications
What do investors want from corporate responsibility reporting? : case venture capital investors in the Nordic cleantech sector
Performance of analysts' earnings forecasting : evidence from Finnish emerging markets 1987-2005
Investment research as a genre : a look at some aspects in translation
Sweat, networks and equity : guide to finding an angel investment : #AngelGuide
Essentials of corporate communication : implementing practices for effective reputation management
Corporate communication
The future of excellence in public relations and communication management : challenges for the next generation
Implied and realized volatility reaction to earnings announcements in German stock and derivatives market
An examination of how entrepreneurs can improve their position in relation to investors
Money : master the game : 7 simple steps to financial freedom
Investment euphoria and money madness : the inner workings of the psychology of investing, for financial advisors and the clients
Owners' way or the highway : short-term expectations and owner impatience
Investor relations and analyst forecast accuracy
Essays on macroeconomic news announcements and option-implied information
Positive corporate communication : the role of positive equity storytelling in non-regulated investor relations
Significance of Financial Reporting to Stakeholders in Nigeria-Investor's Perspective
Integrating corporate responsibility into investor relations : sustainability report as a part of investor relations
Fundraising and investor relations in social enterprise : Marketing your way out of the pioneer gap in African off-grid renewable energy
Best practices for equity research analysts : essentials for buy-side and sell-side analysts
Marketing and finance : creating shareholder value
Best practices in global investor relations : the creation of shareholder value
The new investor relations : expert perspectives on the state of the art
