http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12309 professions of faith (accomplishments)
professions of faith (accomplishments)
The filioque : history of a doctrinal controversy
Wilhelm Löhe : Erbe und Vision : ILoeS Loehe Theological Conference II, Neuendettelsau 22. bis 26. Juli 2008
The practice of theology : a reader
The Church : mystery, sacrament, community
Explanationes symboli aevi carolini
The making of the creeds
A time for confessing
Creeds & confessions of faith in the Christian tradition. Original language texts
Apostolic faith today : a handbook for study
Bound choice, election, and Wittenberg theological method : from Martin Luther to the Formula of Concord
The Westminster Confession into the 21st century : essays in rememberance of the 350th anniversary of the Westminster Assembly, v. 3
Creeds & confessions of faith in the Christian tradition. [Volume 4], Credo : historical and theological guide to creeds and confessions of faith in the Christian tradition
The status of the Nicene Creed as dogma of the Church : theological consultation between representatives of the U.S.A. National Committee of the Lutheran World Federation and the Bishops ́Commission for Ecumenical Affairs, held July 6-7, 1965, in Baltimore, Maryland
From recognition to reception : the Apostolic faith and the unity of the church in the World Council of Churches
Spirit of God, Spirit of Christ : ecumenical reflections on the Filioque controversy
Creeds & confessions of faith in the Christian tradition. Vol. 3, Statements of faith in modern Christianity
The trinitarian faith : the evangelical theology of the ancient Catholic Church
Creation : the eighth theological conversations between the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland and the Russian Orthodox Church : Pyhtitsa and Leningrad, June 9th-19th 1989
I want to be a Christian
Confessing Christ in the twenty-first century
The catalogue identifies works used to explain the creed in Carolingian collection volumes compiled for the instruction of the clergy. It includes both edited and unedited works and some recently edited in a companion volume to this one, 'Symbola, expositiones et explanationes fidei aeui Carolini' (CC CM, 254). The catalogue shows that the teaching of the creedal faith was assembled from snippets of, or whole, patristic works, homilies, personal professions of faith, and works of many other genres. In the past, we have had little concept of the range of works known to those responsible for teaching the faith at the parish and missionary level of the Carolingian world. In this catalogue crucial attention is paid to the contents of the manuscripts as a whole in which the creed explanation is found and how these collection volumes may have functioned. It is hoped that the manuscript descriptions will be of benefit to students and specialists working on other kinds of texts for the education of the clergy.
The Nicene faith. Part 1, True God of true God
Studies in the Lutheran confessions
Credo : meditations on the Apostle's Creed
Doxology and theology : an investigation of the Apostles' Creed in light of Ludwig Wittgenstein
The faith of the saints : a catechism
The Apostles' Creed : the Apostles' Creed and its early Christian context
The works of Saint Augustine : a translation for the 21st century. Part I, Books, Volume 1, The confessions
The confession of faith of the Presbyterian church in the United States : together with the Larger catechism and the Shorter catechism
Creeds & confessions of faith in the Christian tradition. Volume 3, Part five: Statements of faith in modern Christianity
Exploring and proclaiming the Apostles' Creed
Creeds of the churches : a reader in Christian doctrine from the Bible to the present
Apology of the Augsburg Confession
Harvesting the fruits : aspects of Christian faith in ecumenical dialogue
Philip Melanchthon's influence on the English theological thought during the early English reformation
Introduction to Christianity
A catalogue of works pertaining to the explanation of the creed in Carolingian manuscripts
Lutherans and Catholics in dialogue I-III
Early Christian creeds
The Shema in the New Testament : Deut 6:4-5 in significant passages
Questions of faith : a skeptical affirmation of Christianity
Creeds & confessions of faith in the Christian tradition. Volume 1, Part one: Rules of Faith in the Early Church ; Part two: Eastern Orthodox affirmations of faith ; Part three: Medieval Western statements of faith
Creeds & confessions of faith in the Christian tradition. Volume 2, Part four: Creeds and confessions of the Reformation era
The Apostles' Creed : origin, history, and some early commentaries
Ed Siecinski examines how the Church has viewed the procession of the Holy Spirit throughout its history, beginning with the Trinitarian controversies of the early Christian centuries. The first comprehensive study of the key controversy separating the Eastern and Western churches.
The faith of a physicist : reflections of a bottom-up thinker : the Gifford lectures for 1993-4
The Arminian confession of 1621
The old creed and the new
Faith and Creeds
Confessing the one faith : an ecumenical explication of the apostolic faith as it is confessed in the Nicene-Constantinopolitan creed (381)
The Apostles' Creed : a faith to live by
Related lives : confessors and their female penitents, 1450-1750
Canon and creed : interpretation : resources for the use of scripture in the church
Reformation sketches : insights into Luther, Calvin, and the confessions
Religious confessions and the sciences in the sixteenth century
Nicene Christianity : the future for a new ecumenism
