http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12393 controlled corporations
controlled corporations offshore companies
Europe-South dialogue
The European Community and Mediterranean countries
IFA Branch Report, Finland
The future in us : education for global responsibility.
Education with global perspectives, human rights education, and peace education / Lärarhögskolan. 1989.
Finnish international taxation
Educating the global village : including the young child in the world
The European Community and the Mediterranean basin : study on the consequences of the process of enlargement both for the Mediterranean zone and for the Community itself and the conditions necessary for the definition of a global and forward-looking policy of the Community towards the Mediterranean basin
The Barcelona process : the Europe-Mediterranean partnership : 2001 review
CFC legislation : domestic provisions,  tax treaties and EC law
Dialogue between cultures and civilisations in the Barcelona process
Europe and the Mediterranean
Financing facilities under the Mediterranean Agreements
Development strategy for the agro-food industries in the Mediterranean regions of the European Community
The purpose of this Bachelor's thesis was to create a practical handbook on the rules of the edectricity, instrumentation and telecommunication systems of a cabin in the offshore industry which could be used in planning and on site as help. The work was commissioned by ALMACO Group Oy which the author have worked during the assignment as a trainee and nowadays as a designer. Five classification societies and one standardization organization have been chosen for the comparison. In the thesis the difference of the classification societies is compared with the standardization organization IEC, which operates internationally and is a basis for the rules and regulations of the classification societies. The geographical origin of the classification institutions as well as the history of the offshore technology have affected the forming of the rules. Consequently, the differencies between the classes can be considerable. It is essential to know about the systems in the areas which the rules affect in order to understand the rules and regulations. The professionals of the field who were likely to comment on certain systems have been interviewed for this work. As a result, a manual to which the most central rules and their comparison are collected was accomplished. There is hardly any experience of the functionality of the manual in real situations. Due to this, the book will change its form when there is more experience. Every year the classification institutions update their rules, which have to be followed in case of changes. The objective is to update the manual once a year of if necessary.
Competition and arbitration law
Basic international taxation
Associations, synagogues, and congregations : claiming a place in ancient Mediterranean society
Europe-South dialogue. Part 4, The Mediterranean
Going global : the challenges for knowledge-based economies
Trade: EC-Mediterranean countries 1988
Navy market research for ABB Marine
The commissioner of this thesis is ABB Marine. ABB Marine is located in Finland and produces and delivers diesel-electric systems and propulsion for different kind of ship types worldwide. ABB Marine is part of ABB group. ABB Marine`s main product is Azipod® azimuth thruster. ABB Marine also operates as total system supplier which means that ABB Marine is able to deliver the whole diesel-electric systems for a ship in addition to the Azipod and shaft line propulsion. The purpose of this market surveys is to support current and future business strategies in naval segment. Thesis focuses on the most important NAVY-segment shipyards in Europe and in North America. Surveys covers Navy and Coast Guard offshore markets and other interesting future projects in naval and coast guard segments. The survey was carried out with interviews, document-analyses and different kind of research from governmental and other official shipyard homepages. Market intelligence gathered proves that several countries are renewing their naval fleets despite the recent economic downfall. Especially the offshore market will continue to grow strongly in the future. This is result of the new type of mission requirements and also the recent environmental changes in the Artic.
The politics of sustainable development : theory, policy and practice within the European Union
The child at school : interactions with peers and teachers
Offshore : the dark side of the global economy
An exploration of the relations between politics and culture in Britain and its expanding empire. It includes case studies ranging from the American Revolution to archaeology in the Mediterranean, Near East, and India that illuminates the history of heroic monuments, battle paintings, and key British cultural institutions.
Historical and religious memory in the ancient world
Strengthening the Mediterranean policy of the European Union : establishing a Euro-Mediterranean partnership : communication from the Commission to the Council and the European Parliament [KOM(94) 427 final] ; Extracts of the conclusions of the presidency of the Essen European Council ; Strengthening the Mediterranean policy of the European Union : proposals for implementing a Euro-Mediterranean partnership : communication from the Commission to the Council and the European Parliament [COM(95) 72 final] ..
Centre-periphery relations in Russia : the case of the Northwestern regions
Europe and Mediterranean : towards a closer partnership : an overview of the Barcelona Process in 2002
Mediterranean islands, fragile communities and persistent landscapes : Antikythera in long-term perspective
The offshore world : sovereign markets, virtual places, and nomad millionaires
CFC legislation : comments on the precedent of the Supreme Administration Court
Outsourcing global services : knowledge, innovation and social capital
Comparison of classification societies on modular cabins and partial accommodation area : on offshore living quaters
What's This India Business? : offshoring, Outsourcing and the Global Services Revolution
This book presents twelve interdisciplinary studies on memory and how ancient Mediterranean cultures configured their pasts in art, texts, and religious practices. It examines how the past is controlled in various processes of selection, manipulation, and erasure - always with purposes specific to particular cultures and contexts.
Multicultural education in a pluralistic society
Community-centric mobile peer-to-peer services: performance evaluation and user studies
Papers of the International Academy of Estate and Trust Law
The anthropology of Europe : identity and boundaries in conflict
The English speaking class - an intercultural learning community? : an ethnographic case study in the Teacher Training School of Oulu University
Honor and grace in anthropology
European Community environment legislation. Vol. 7, Water
Empires of the imagination : politics, war and the arts in the British world, 1750-1850
The European Community and the Mediterranean
